Eurozone troubles weigh on investors0
To increase growth in the eurozone, countries "need to increase their competitiveness," said Andreas Dombret, a member of the executive board of Germany's Bundesbank, during an interview in Chicago. He claims that eurozone requirements imposing debt-cutting rules and reforms are working, although unpopular, in countries with high unemployment.
"Austerity worked well in Spain," despite unemployment of about 25 percent for the general population and 50 percent among youths, he said. Countries such as Portugal and Spain are not in recession, he added. "We are back to growth," but the remaining question is: "Is this growth enough to overcome unemployment?"
Currently, Italy and France are balking at eurozone requirements to make cuts in their national budgets so they meet debt thresholds. They claim that with much of Europe on the verge of recession, it is not the time to make government cuts that will leave more economic distress. Technically, a country can be fined by the other countries as a group if one fails to meet debt limits.
Meanwhile, while investors would like to see the calming effect of a European Central Bank QE program, some of the angst showing up in the stock and bond markets lately arose because "the market has been very skeptical that it would be possible to assemble the majority necessary to proceed with a broader QE program," said Citigroup analyst Hans Lorenzen.
Investors on Tuesday were encouraged that perhaps a full-scale QE program will eventually happen because of reports that the European Central Bank is considering buying corporate bonds. That's not the same as buying government bonds, which is controversial in Europe and is what the U.S. Federal Reserve does with Treasurys. But some analysts think that the ECB is inching its way toward quantitative easing through first steps such as buying covered bonds and asset-backed securities.
The goal in those programs is to relieve pressure on banks and to stimulate lending at a time when lending has been limited and consequently blamed for holding back growth.
Andrew Bosomworth, Pimco head of portfolio management in Germany, wrote on the Pimco website Tuesday that "QE can sooth the Eurozone's problems, but not solve them. The Eurozone needs to get its debt to sustainable levels through economic growth."
Bond buying and interest rate cuts, he said, "potentially kick other big problems down the road without solving them." And while low rates are supposed to help individuals and businesses borrow, "low interest rates aren't working," he said. "Low interest rates only work if people are borrowing money," and he notes they've been preoccupied with paying off loans rather than borrowing more.
Dombret anticipates that upcoming stress tests of European banks will help free up money for lending. Banks preparing for the test, which will be announced Oct. 26, have been building up capital so they would be financially healthier and able to deal with the stress of a major recession. Once the results of the tests are made public, he thinks, confidence in the banks will rise.
"The most important thing is tough stress tests," he said.
Some analysts are warning investors that the lull in the stock market this week could give way to volatility as investors anticipate and see which banks are strong and which are not.

Its All About Gratitudereddit
I love this time of year. Not only is Southern California festive and bedecked with Christmas lights, but people just seem to be in a better mood all around. I like to believe that it's because we're all thinking about the coming Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays, or, if you celebrate Hanukkah, the upcoming Festival of Lights.
No matter what, however, there never seems to be enough time to prepare. That's why I've introduced meditation into my daily routine. I find that it calms me and makes me more focused. It doesn't have to be anything fancy, or involve chanting a mantra, or twisting oneself into weird body positions. After I have my coffee in the morning I make time to sit for a few minutes and clear my mind. If it's a day I'm working out with my trainer, I do that after I meditate.
I've been aiming for twenty minutes a day, but sometimes it's only five or ten. I've also decided not to stress about it if I don't reach my goal of twenty minutes each day. We need to take care of ourselves, and the last thing I want to do is get on my own case about something that's supposed to help me de-stress!
How about the times when I find that I can't turn off my chattering mind which insists on my thoughts interrupting the silence? In that case, I'll make a concerted effort to count my blessings and give thanks. Especially right now as we're all getting ready for the Thanksgiving holiday, this seems more than appropriate. There have been many recent studies about how beneficial it is for us to write down a daily gratitude list. It actually has been proven that this invites good things into our lives by changing the vibrations we're sending out into the world!
Thanksgiving is all about giving thanks, and being grateful and kind is not something we should restrict to this time of year. It's a gift that keeps on giving all year long -- not just for those we interact with, but for ourselves as well.
Happy and safe holidays!
Follow Candy Spelling on Twitter: www.twitter.com/CandySpelling
More:

Money-smart kids: the right way to help your adult children0
A few days later, I recounted this story to a friend, who proceeded to tell me about her own adult son. He had drawn up a detailed budget with the goal of saving to buy a house. So far, so good -- except that he then told his parents how much he wanted them to send him every month to build his savings.
Most parents are willing to help their adult kids. The trick, of course, is to extend a helping hand without discouraging their motivation to move on. I suggest the following guidelines:
Set limits. In the case of the mom in Lexington, she hadn't established limits for her son's stay at home. She needs to impose a deadline: He has six months (or even less) to find a job, any job, and get out of the house. As one recent college grad told me the other day, "You can't recognize the good jobs until you've had the bad ones." And while he's at home, he should pitch in to do chores, run errands and prepare occasional meals.
Be selective about offering financial help. In the second case, it's okay for my friend to cover some of a child's expenses (at least temporarily), but not to pay for all of them. You might, for example, cover your kid's cell-phone bill or health insurance until he's on his own. But don't co-sign for a credit card -- or let him use yours.
And don't do anything that jeopardizes your financial security by dipping into your retirement savings. Make gifts infrequent and unexpected, and your kids will appreciate them instead of taking them for granted.
Be generous with advice. Chances are, your kids will come to you to ask about their finances -- everything from how to repay their student loans to how to save for retirement and set up an investment plan. Be flattered by their faith in you. And if their questions have you stumped, we're here to help (kiplinger.com/fronts/special-report/starting-out-new-grads-and-young-professionals/index.html).
(Janet Bodnar is editor of Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine. Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com . And for more on this and similar money topics, visit Kiplinger.com .)
(c) 2014 Kiplinger's Personal Finance; Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

Persistent Systems on Future PlansYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Persistent Systems on Future Plans
Published On:                  November 27, 2014                 | Duration: 8 min, 11 sec

Twitter to start tracking users  mobile appsTwitter to start tracking users' mobile apps
Twitter
The Twitter logo is seen at the company's headquarters in San Francisco.
The Twitter logo is seen at the company's headquarters in San Francisco. (Robert Galbraith)
By Luciana Lopez, Reuters
Twitter, Inc.
Twitter Inc will begin tracking what third-party apps are installed on users' mobile devices so the social media company can deliver more tailored content, including ads, the company said late on Wednesday.
The feature, called "app graph," will allow the company to see what other applications users may have installed on phones or other devices.
0
"To help build a more personal Twitter experience for you, we are collecting and occasionally updating the list of apps installed on your mobile device so we can deliver tailored content that you might be interested in," the company said on its site.
The posting also included instructions on how to turn the feature off. Twitter is not collecting data from within the applications, the posting noted.
Twitter, whose main service allows users to broadcast 140-character messages, has been searching for ways to re-invigorate user engagement and drive growth. As part of that effort, the company is considering creating additional mobile applications beyond its core messaging service.
An email to Twitter on Thursday was not immediately returned.
(Reporting by Luciana Lopez; Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Medical billers  coders: Navigating insurance claims takes skill and persistence0
Both jobs also involve extensive communication with doctors and other health care professionals to clarify diagnoses and obtain additional information if needed, Mull said.
Medical billers and coders work in hospitals, medical offices, nursing facilities, insurance companies and billing agencies. They may also serve as consultants, instructors and entrepreneurs, Mull said.
Because the work is intense and detail-oriented, Mull said there's a need for billers and coders who are well-trained and educated. The training can vary. Some medical facilities require coders to have only a diploma, while others look for workers with bachelor's or master's degrees. This means schooling can range from nine months to two years, depending on the program a candidate chooses.
Medical billers must understand medical insurance, the claims and appeals process, and the impact of practice revenues, Mull stressed. They must also understand how to read a medical billing report and be familiar with Current Procedure Terminology (CPT), the International Classification of Diseases manual and health care procedure codes.
Medical coders must have solid knowledge of medical terminology, anatomy and physiology. They must complete a medical coding course of study and pass a Certified Professional Coder exam or a Certified Coding Specialist exam.
There's a growing demand for billers and coders to be certified in a given specialty or field, so many are supplementing their education, Mull said. Certifications include evaluation and management, anesthesia, cardiology, dermatology, gastroenterology and orthopedics. There also are certifications for billing, auditing, management, hospital and outpatient offices, and more.
Ellis completed the 9-month medical billing and coding program at Coyne College, followed by a 120-hour externship at Universal Health Institute in Chicago, where she was later hired full-time and worked until joining Women's Group of Northwestern this fall.
She recently received ICD-10 certification (the International Classification of Disease is the reporting system for morbidity statistics and mortality stats), which helps her stand out among other job candidates and could lead to better-paying job offers.
While she enjoys her work, it comes with challenges, mainly reconciling disagreements on the medical necessity of a treatment between a health care provider and an insurance company, Ellis said. Also, while billers and coders make every effort to verify the conditions for payment of a claim before submitting it, this doesn't guarantee payment.
"It can be challenging to resolve these disputes," she said.
Regardless, Mull said, the profession brings more positive challenges, such as giving employees the freedom to work independently, either in an office setting, at home, or on the road.
Demand growing with access to healthcare
Medical billers and coders work to organize and manage health-care information by ensuring the data is categorized, accurate, accessible and secure in both paper and electronic forms.
They use classification systems to code and categorize information about patients for insurance reimbursement, databases and registries, "and to maintain patients' medical and treatment histories," according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
Medical billers and coders typically use computer software to assign clinical codes for reimbursement and data analysis. They record data electronically for collection, storage, analysis, retrieval and reporting, and protect the confidentiality of the information.
Billers and coders may consult nurses and other health care professionals to clarify diagnoses or get more information to ensure that records are correct and complete. Because they're ultimately responsible for making sure all parties are billed correctly, medical billers may talk directly with patients and their health insurance companies.
The use of electronic health records (EHRs) is rapidly changing the job responsibilities. Federal legislation incentivizes doctors and hospitals to start using electronic records, which is expected to lead to more health care facilities using the software. This means billers and coders must know, or learn, EHR software and adhere to its security and privacy practices, as well as be able to analyze electronic data.
According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, employment of medical records and health information technicians -- the category under which medical billers and coders are classified -- is expected to increase 22 percent by 2022.
The main driver is an aging population. Older people require more medical testing, treatment and services, which leads to more claims for reimbursement by health insurance companies. As of 2012, there were 186,300 people working as health information technicians, according to the BLS. That year, the median annual wage was $34,160. Most work full-time. At facilities open 24 hours a day, some work evening or overnight shifts.
Candidates need a postsecondary certificate, although many earn an associate's degree instead. Certificate and associate's degree programs in health information technology usually include courses in medical terminology, anatomy and physiology, health data requirements and standards, classification and coding systems, health care reimbursement methods, health care statistics and computer systems. Locally, programs are available at Coyne College in Chicago and Oakton Community College in Des Plaines and Skokie.
Many employers also require professional certification, such as being designated as a Registered Health Information Technician. Certification usually requires experience in a work setting. Medical coders and billers are not required to have additional certification or licensing in Illinois.
(C) 2014 Tribune Content Agency, LLC

Business Liability for Snow and Ice Removalreddit
There are numerous slip and fall lawsuits resulting from snow and ice on business premises. This comment briefly discusses each of three legal standards that may apply, depending upon the jurisdiction.
The "Natural Accumulation Rule" states that snow and ice are not created by the business owner and are not defective property conditions. Hence, the business owner has no responsibility to remove it and is not liable for injuries caused by slips or falls on it. A very limited exception to this rule applies if there has been a long passage of time during which snow has been compacted to ice. However, applying salt, shoveling, or plowing in and of themselves do not impose liability on the business owner.
The "Storm-in-Progress Rule" mandates that a business owner need only begin snow or ice removal after a reasonable time has passed from the end of a storm. A jury determines when the storm ended and if the injured individual slipped on un-removed "old" snow from a prior storm or "new" snow from a current storm. A reasonable care standard applies to the action of removing snow and ice.
The "Reasonable Care Rule" simply states that at all times a business owner must exercise reasonable care in addressing snow and ice. A jury decides if reasonable care exists. Snow and ice under this standard are no different than any other spill that should be cleaned-up.  Even if the snow and ice are clearly visible, the business owner must act if an injury may be anticipated.
Business owners should utilize experienced legal counsel to determine what legal standard applies in their state. There may be local and state regulations that mandate snow and ice removal as well as safety signage. A business should not have drainage systems that add to ice accumulation. Additionally an insurance professional may address the appropriate form of liability insurance for the business.
More:

Maruti November sales up 19.5 per centNew Delhi, December 1, 2014
Updated: December 1, 2014 13:43 IST
Maruti November sales up 19.5 per cent
PTI
Tweet
The Hindu
A Maruti Suzuki Swift. The company said sales of the compact segment comprising Swift, Estilo, Ritz, Dzire rose by 13.8 per cent to 37,339 units in November this year as against 32,804 units last year.
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Country’s largest car-maker Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) on Monday reported a 19.5 per cent increase in total sales in November at 1,10,147 units as against 92,140 units in the same month last year.
The company said its domestic sales increased by 17 per cent during the month to 1,00,024 units as against 85,510 units in November 2013.
Sales of mini segment cars, including, Alto, A-Star and WagonR, declined marginally to 37,746 units as compared to 38,040 units in the year-ago month, MSI said in a statement.
The company said sales of the compact segment comprising Swift, Estilo, Ritz, Dzire rose by 13.8 per cent to 37,339 units in November this year as against 32,804 units last year.
MSI said sales of its compact sedan Dzire Tour surged over three-fold during the month under review at 1,989 units as against 604 units in November 2013.
The sales of company’s mid-sized sedan Ciaz, which was launched in October, stood at 5,232 units. The company had sold 200 units of SX4 sedan in November 2013. There was no sale of premium sedan Kizashi during the month.
Sales of utility vehicles, including Gypsy, Grand Vitara and Ertiga, declined by 5.6 per cent at 5,515 units in November this year from 5,840 units in the corresponding month last year.
Sales of vans -- Omni and Eeco rose by 52.1 per cent to 12,203 units in November this year as compared to 8,021 units in the same period of previous year. Exports during the month rose by 52.7 per cent to 10,123 units as compared to 6,630 units in November last year, MSI said.

LPG Rate Cut by Rs 113  Jet Fuel Prices by 4.1%You are here: Home Commodities
LPG Rate Cut by Rs 113, Jet Fuel Prices by 4.1%
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 01, 2014 15:22 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
New Delhi: Price of non-subsidised cooking gas (LPG) was today cut by a steep Rs 113 per cylinder and that of jet fuel (ATF) by 4.1 per cent as international oil rates slumped to multi-year lows.
A 14.2-kg cylinder of non-subsidised LPG will now cost Rs 752, down from Rs 865 previously, in Delhi, oil companies announced today.
This is the fifth straight reduction in rates of non-subsidised or market priced LPG, which the customers buy after exhausting their quota of 12 cylinders at subsidized rates, since August.
In five monthly reduction, non-domestic LPG rates have been slashed by Rs 170.5 per cylinder, bringing the price at three-year lows.
On similar lines, the price of aviation turbine fuel (ATF), or jet fuel, at Delhi was cut by Rs 2,594.93 per kilolitre, or 4.1 per cent, to Rs 59,943 per kl. This is the fifth straight monthly reduction in rates.
This reduction follows a steep 7.3 per cent or Rs 4,987.7 per kl, cut in prices on November 1.
Since August, ATF prices have been cut by 14.5 per cent or Rs 10,218.76 per kl and rates have dipped below Rs 60,000 per kl level for the first time in three years.
Brent, the benchmark grade for more than half of the world's oil, have dropped to $68.34 a barrel, the lowest level since October 2009. Prices declined 18 per cent last month and are 38 per cent lower in 2014.
In Mumbai, jet fuel will cost Rs 61,695 per kl from today as against Rs 64,414.98 per kl previously. The rates vary because of differences in local sales tax or VAT.
Jet fuel constitutes over 40 per cent of an airline's operating costs and the price cut will ease the financial burden of cash-strapped carriers.
No immediate comment was available from airlines on the impact of the price cut on passenger fares.
The three fuel retailers -- IOC, Hindustan Petroleum Corp and Bharat Petroleum Corp -- revise jet fuel and non-subsidised LPG prices on the first of every month, based on the average international prices in the preceding month.
Yesterday, oil companies had cut petrol price by 91 paisa a litre and diesel by 84 paisa per litre. The seventh reduction in price since August has meant that petrol costs Rs 63.33 a litre in Delhi, Rs 10.27 per litre less than what it cost in July.
The third reduction in diesel rates in one month has led to price coming down to Rs 52.51 a litre.
Non-subsidised LPG in Delhi was priced at Rs 922.50 in July and rates have in every subsequent month been reduced.
Story first published on: December 01, 2014 15:20 (IST)

Oil Falls Over $2/Barrel to 5-Year LowOil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Singapore: Oil fell more than $2 a barrel to a five-year low in Asian trade on Monday, extending a steep sell-off after OPEC decided not to cut production last week, keeping markets well supplied.
Both US crude and Brent have fallen for five straight months, oil's longest losing streak since the 2008 financial crisis.
"Just when the market was thinking that a 4-year low for crude oil was bad enough, we have hit a 5-year low after the OPEC meeting," Phillip Futures analysts said in a note.
US crude tumbled to near $64, dragging Brent down below $70, after Saudi Arabia's oil minister told fellow OPEC members last week that they must combat the US shale oil boom.
"They (OPEC) can get by at $60 a barrel, but that price would knock out a fair whack of the competition - much US shale oil for example - as well as put investment in future capacity growth firmly on the back-burner," ANZ analysts said in a note.
"They're playing the long game, banking that others can't."
Brent hit a low of $67.82 a barrel, the lowest since October 2009, and was down $1.71 at $68.44 a barrel by 0733 GMT. US crude fell $1.49 to $64.66 a barrel, after earlier slipping to an intraday low of $64.10, the lowest since July 2009.
Oil-producing countries from Iraq to Nigeria are revising their 2015 budgets to reflect lower prices.
Iran refrained from protesting against OPEC's decision to retain its production ceiling to maintain group solidarity, even though the move will not benefit all members, Iranian oil minister said in local media reports.
Slower than expected growth in China's manufacturing sector may add further downward pressure on oil. China's official Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) slipped to 50.3 in November, a government study showed on Monday, lower than analysts' forecasts of 50.6.
"It's not too bad a miss, but probably won't help (oil) too much," Ric Spooner, chief analyst at CMC Markets in Sydney said.
"It's best not to try to pick bottoms at this stage."
Spooner said the next support levels for Brent are at $68 and $64 a barrel. If West Texas Intermediate crude futures fall below $63.90 a barrel, the next support level would be at $50, he said.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Nam Y. Huh / AP  filenam y. huh / ap  file
The Driving Force Behind Runaway Inequalityreddit
Runaway inequality is destroying the American Dream. Is it too late to save it?
That depends on what is really driving inequality. In the 1960s the gap between CEOs and the average worker was 20 to 1.  By 2012 it was 354 to 1.  What happened?
More than a few pundits and policy wonks imply that it's our own damn fault -- we're just not educated enough to compete in the global marketplace. Instead of learning more math and science, we play video games, sext and grow obese. New York Times columnist David Leonhardt provides a more nuanced variation of this theme when he writes that average wages could be boosted by policies to support "above all stronger schools and colleges to lift the skills of the nation's workforce. Countries that have made more education progress over the last generation have experienced bigger income gains than the United States, and even here the pay gap between college graduates and everyone else has reached a record high."
Progressives, however, usually point to other factors such as our paltry minimum wage, the lack of higher taxes on the rich, and the declining power of labor unions. This analysis drives the recent successful efforts to win state and local minimum wage increases, and stronger union footholds among low-wage workers.
But what about Wall Street?
When Occupy Wall Street exploded onto the scene, high finance was nabbed as the primary culprit for rising inequality. But as that movement waned, so did the focus on Wall Street. Even Thomas Piketty's powerful critique of rising inequality (Capital in the 21st Century) places little emphasis on the role of high finance.
So what is Wall Street's contribution to rising inequality?
To find answers, the International Labor Organization produced an eye-popping study of 71 countries in its Global Wage Report 2012/13 . They test the relative significance of possible causes of wage inequality such as globalization, new technology, and cutbacks in government support for workers and unions.  They also add another possible explanation which they call financialization -- how much of a nation's economy is devoted to Wall Street-like financial activities. Using statistical techniques they measure the degree that each causal factor contributes to wage stagnation.
For example, do countries with more global trade have more or less inequality? Does having more advanced technology account for declining or increasing worker wages?  Do countries with large labor movements have higher wages than those with smaller labor movements?
The chart below summarizes the ILO's startling results for developed economies. Occupy Wall Street apparently had it right: Financial activities are the dominant cause of rising inequality.
The Financial Strip-mining of America
Professor William Lazonick's excellent work  (see Profits Without Prosperity ) provides insight into how Wall Street promotes inequality. It starts with understanding that the dramatic jump in the CEO/worker pay gap coincides with an equally dramatic change in the fundamental structure of the modern corporation.
Until the 1980s, the basic philosophy of Corporate America was "retain and reinvest."  Corporate survival and prosperity depended on plowing back most of a corporation's profits into increased worker wages and training, research and development, and new plant and equipment. But as Professor Lazonick puts it, "The key to rising living standards under retain and reinvest is training, retaining, and rewarding employees because it is through attachment to firms for significant portions of their careers that people's productivity and pay increases."
Banks, to be sure, provided some loans for expansion and for mergers, but stringent New Deal regulations kept high finance in check. From WWII until 1980, there was no wage premium to be gained by working on Wall Street, and the wage gap between CEOs and the average worker hovered at about 20 to 1.
Then came financial deregulation during which Wall Street escaped from its New Deal shackles. Almost immediately a new crop of financiers emerged who raised large sums of money to buy up companies. Instead of creating new value within the corporation, the fundamental goal of these corporate raiders (now called private equity and hedge fund managers) was to extract value away the corporation and into their pockets.  What they did was nothing short of revolutionary What they did also should have been outlawed. They transformed the corporate ethos of "retain and reinvest" into "downsize and distribute." Here's how it works
First they buy up firms using borrowed money and make the acquired corporation pay back the loans. For pulling off the deal, they use some of that borrowed money to pay themselves enormous fees, right off the top. They also provide fat bonuses for the CEOs who are to run the acquired corporation.  Most importantly, they change the way top officers are rewarded. From this point on, most of their incomes would derive from stock options. The more the stock price rose, the more the CEOs would pocket.
As a result, the new incentive would be focused solely on making the firm's stock price climb. Nothing else mattered. How do you do that? You use as much of the profits as possible to buy up your own stocks!  And when profits are slim, you borrow more money to buy even more of your own stock. The more you buy, the fewer shares are in circulation, and therefore each share is worth more. The stock price climbs. As the chart below shows, buying back your own stock became the new corporate way of life.  (Many thanks to Professor Lazonick for providing the raw data.)
By 2008-09 Corporate America was, in effect, using 75% of its profits to buy back its own stock. At the same time, loan and after loan was piled onto the corporate books to buy up even more stock. So that after buying the stock and paying off the loans, there was very little profit remaining to reinvest in the company. (The loan payments and fees, of course, went to Wall Street firms.) This is how "retain and invest" devolved into "downsize and distribute."
To play this game, worker wages, R&D and new plant and equipment are cut to the bone. Older plants are eliminated. Production is outsourced to low-wage areas.  Temporary workers replace permanent employees. Benefits like health care and pensions are reduced or eliminated. Unions are undermined. And bankruptcy is sometimes used to break contracts and further reduce these costs. The fees for all this "financial engineering" go to Wall Street.  The stock-option-loaded CEOs become part of Wall Street -- it's on-site, wealth extraction overseers. Nearly all corporations whether raided or not, soon followed this lucrative model. Strip-mining the corporation becomes its fundamental activity. Good-bye American Dream.
The financialization of the modern corporation is the driving force of runaway inequality. Therefore, building a movement to take on Wall Street is necessary even while struggling to raise the minimum wage, fighting for more progressive taxation, restoring union power and calling for free higher education for all. The fact is that runaway wage inequality will be with us indefinitely until we remove Wall Street's tentacles and ethos from the modern corporation.
To get there, we will need something like an Occupy 2.0, that instead of lasting only six months, endures for a generation.
(This post originally appeared on Alternet.org)
Les Leopold is the director of the Labor Institute in New York. His most recent book is How to Make a Million Dollars an Hour: Why Hedge Funds get away with Siphoning away America's Wealth , (Wiley, 2013).
Follow Les Leopold on Twitter: www.twitter.com/les_leopold
More:

The Benefits of Sustainable Manufacturingreddit
If there is one salient feature of U.S. manufacturing today even more dramatic and promising than the growing re-shoring trend, it is surely the shift to sustainable manufacturing which is transforming the manufacturing landscape even as it boosts corporate earnings and fosters diverse innovation.
My interest in this topic began with the teachings of W. Edwards Deming whose revolution in quality improvement consistently stressed that "one must learn to do more with less." I also found my contact with young people evoked a consistent theme that they wanted to improve the environment and give back to their community. Based on this, I proposed to the School of Public and Environmental Affairs at Indiana University where I am on the Board of Trustees that they undertake a project to focus on the positive activities corporations are taking in this area. This led to a new report, "Success Paths to Sustainable Manufacturing," which you can access here .
Our research focused on 12 prominent corporations including Caterpillar, DuPont, Eli Lilly, Proctor & Gamble and General Dynamics that are in the forefront of the sustainability movement. We looked for core themes that enabled the companies to embrace sustainability successfully, and cited numerous examples of those successes.
There are many obvious means for achieving sustainable manufacturing such as reducing use of energy, reducing use of water, decreasing emissions from manufacturing processes and reducing physical waste. And there are myriad benefits -- demonstrating a company's commitment to community and stakeholders, meeting regulatory requirements and consumer expectations, earning awards and positive media coverage and attracting a new generation of bright young people into manufacturing careers.  Others include creating wildlife habitats, deploying renewable energy production at plants, turning waste into revenue streams and improving communities where manufacturing facilities are located.
Of course, there is also a more crass and fundamental reason -- money. Reducing consumption of energy and water and production of waste by definition saves an enterprise money, sometimes lots of money.
One of the companies reported that while growing 40 percent over the past 15 years, it had saved about $7 billion through sustainable manufacturing practices. Another firm reduced its manufacturing footprint in North America from 15 million square feet to 5 million square feet, even as the company grew, which reduced its bills for energy and real estate while increasing operational efficiency. Yet another has embarked upon a campaign to reduce its energy use by 20 percent by 2020 saving $80 million a year. And still another eliminated 14 hazardous waste streams, reducing its annual waste disposal tab from $750,000 to $40,000 in one year.
It goes without saying that initiatives like these also generate positive reactions among the public, increasing the likelihood that environmentally conscious young people will pursue careers in progressive manufacturing firms. Sustainable manufacturing  is a wave of the future.
Jerry Jasinowski, an economist and author, served as President of the National Association of Manufacturers for 14 years and later The Manufacturing Institute. You may quote from this with attribution. Let me know if you would like to speak with Jerry.  December 2014
More:

Wall Street falls on weak global data; Apple stumblesWall Street opens lower on oil, rouble drop
Reuters
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 98.87 points, or 0.58 percent, to 17,081.97, the S&P 500 lost 10.93 points, or 0.55 percent, to 1,978.7 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 35.68 points, or 0.77 percent, to 4,569.48.
(Reporting By Sinead Carew; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
cComments
This article has scant reference to the biggest story on the international scene today, the free fall of the Russian Rouble now at 79 to the dollar, up from the 30s just a short time ago. BBC said today, "Russia's rouble went into free-fall in Tuesday trading, falling repeatedly to...
Kasha11

Uttar Pradesh to promote women entrepreneursUttar Pradesh to promote women entrepreneurs
Virendra Singh Rawat | Lucknow Dec 01, 2014 09:40 PM IST
The micro, small and medium enterprise (MSME) sector, which is a source of self-employment with low levels of capital, is believed to provide one of the quickest routes to correcting imbalances in a developing society.
Since women form almost 50 per cent of the population, this segment cannot be neglected if socio-economic challenges are to be addressed. Thinking along these lines, the Uttar Pradesh government has started the Women Entrepreneurship Promotion Scheme 2014-15 to empower women and ensure their participation in the process of industrialisation.
Under the scheme, unemployed women are eligible for easy seed capital to start their own micro or small enterprise. The loan, provided by nationalised banks, financial institutions or the State Financial Corporation, is for the purchase of plant and machinery.
The beneficiaries are entitled to a loan of Rs 50,000 per year at five per cent interest, subject to a ceiling of Rs 250,000 in five years. This scheme is applicable to both manufacturing and service sector units, as defined by the Union MSME ministry.
Besides, under the cluster development scheme, the state government is encouraging micro-level and individual traditional industries and handicraft units to form a special purpose vehicle (SPV).
The collection of 25 or more such units would qualify for benefits under a scheme that seeks to boost traditional Indian craft such as chikankari, terracotta, zari, zardozi and toys. Each cluster is a collection of homogenous units belonging to a particular industry.
The cluster comprises a common facilitation centre to aid in design, production, training, R&D, raw material storage, production display and information sharing. The Central government provides 70 per cent of the Rs 15 crore under the scheme.
Major MSME pockets in UP, include Varanasi, Allahabad, Moradabad, Saharanpur, Lucknow, Kanpur, Agra, Ferozabad, Meerut, Bhadohi, Ghaziabad, Noida, Bareilly, Gorakhpur, Khurja, Aligarh and Mathura.
These are generally product-specific hubs. Varanasi is famous for banarasi sarees, Agra and Kanpur for leather, Bhadohi for carpets, Moradabad for brassware, Lucknow for chikan, and Aligarh for locks.

Agent s commission can be remitted  or deducted from invoice value'Agent's commission can be remitted, or deducted from invoice value'
TNC Rajagopalan |  Dec 01, 2014 09:39 PM IST
We submitted our application for rebate of excise duty paid on exports within the one-year time limit to our jurisdictional excise authorities. They returned our application as the correct authority is the Maritime Commissioner, but by the time we submitted the application to the correct authority, the one-year time limit had passed. They have rejected our claim on the grounds of limitation. Is there any way to get this refund?
You may appeal against the rejection order on the basis of CCE, Ahmedabad vs AIA Engineering Pvt. Ltd. [2009 (248) ELT 826 (Tri. Ahmd.)]. In that case, the Tribunal held that the original refund claim was filed within time before the wrong authority; as such, subsequent re-filing of the refund claim beyond the limitation period should not be held against the assessee. The department's appeal against the decision was dismissed by the Gujarat High Court [2011 (121) STR 367 (Guj.)], holding that since the original application for refund was filed within time, though before the wrong authority, it cannot be said that the said application was barred by limitation. These decisions were followed in Rathi Steel & Power Ltd. vs CCE, Ghaziabad [2014 (308) ELT 163 (Tri. Del.)].
I want to know the different methods (banking and non-banking) through which I can pay commission to my foreign agents. Also, will there be any service tax liability on the commission paid to foreign agents?
As per RBI Master Circular on export of goods and services, AD Category-I banks may allow payment of commission, either by a remittance or by deduction from the invoice value, on an application submitted by the exporter. The remittance on agency commission may be allowed subject to conditions that the amount of commission has been declared on EDF/SDF/SOFTEX form and accepted by the Customs authorities or ministry of information technology, Government of India/EPZ authorities, as the case may be.
In cases where the commission has not been declared on EDF/SDF/SOFTEX form, remittance may be allowed after satisfying the reasons adduced by the exporter for not declaring commission on Export Declaration Form, provided a valid agreement/written understanding between the exporters and/or beneficiary for payment of commission exists. So, you may approach your bankers through whom payment for exports was received. The service tax on export commission is exempted subject to certain limits and conditions through notification no. 42/2012-ST dated June 29, 2012.
Under the EPCG scheme, how long are we required to maintain annual average exports?
You have to maintain the annual average exports till the export obligation is fulfilled.
As a service receiver, we are liable to discharge the tax liability, in full or in part, under the reverse charge mechanism. Can we utilise the Cenvat Credit balances available against purchase of capital goods for discharging the said liability?
As per explanation to Rule 3(4) of Cenvat Credit Rules, 2004, 'Cenvat credit cannot be used for payment of service tax in respect of services where the person liable to pay tax is the service recipient.'
Business Standard invites readers' SME queries related to excise, VAT and exim policy. You can write to us at smechat@bsmail.in

Maharashtra Chief Minister delivers on drought package and transferpoliciesWritten by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |
Posted: December 1, 2014 10:17 pm
At the end of one month chief minister Devendra Fadnavis lead government has made its mark in two major decisions related to combating drought and reforms in transfer policies in government.
In absence of full-fledged cabinet, Fadnavis appears to be going slow in taking hard decisions which could have a long term financial implications. The stress has been to firefight the issues on daily basis rather than take a couple of hard decisions that would make a mark.
In a candid admission, Fadnavis said, “The major challenge before us is tackling the severe drought. There are 19,069 villages reeling under agriculture drought out of the total 39,134 villages across Maharashtra.” However, Fadnavis has given impetus to the reforms in
power sector which he admits would take some more time to bring results.
In less than two weeks after he took the charge the government streamlined the coal linkages that helped in additional 1700 MW power. It helped to bring down the power outage by three hours daily in rural Maharashtra.
The primary task to get the central financial assistance culminated in Rs 4,000 crore drought relief package and Rs 4,500 crore drought
mitigation package. A senior secretary in power ministry said, “Frankly, speaking you cannot expect outstanding policy decisions within a month. In power sector if we have to usher major reforms it would adversely affect 40 lakh farmers whose electricity dues we are waiving.”
The pressure to provide loan waiver also means the targeted agriculture growth of four per cent will not be met this year. The decision to rationalise power tariff to provide concessions to industries is also on hold because of drought.
However, Fadnavis appears to have focused on fixing the basic problems both inside and outside the government. He has sought the proposals from all 29 departments in Mantralaya to provide the strength and grades of officials. Thus making it clear that transfers of non-IAS category would be dealt by the concerned department head and not brought to the chief minister of concerned minister.
The process of decentralisation including in home ministry which he holds has send a positive note in administration. A former Congress minister said, “If it is enforced in letter and spirit without political interference it would indicate they are seriously tackling corruption which has become rampant in transfer of officials.”
The decentralisation of transfer policy from minister to concerned head of departments in irrigation sector and Food and Drugs Administration is perceived as a big step forward to tackle corruption. The chief minister also indicated that government would like to empower the officials to bring more efficiency and accountability in administration.
While the government promises ten per cent growth in state, it does not explain how it would achieve the target minus growth in agriculture and industry. However, two decision which could have been taken relates to bringing an alternative to local body tax and toll tax policy. Fadnavis promise on both these issues appear on paper.
Although he held discussions with various organisations and civic authorities. The government’s urgency to fast track coastal continued…

CAG will continue to be stringent  objective: VinodRaiBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 1, 2014 10:06 pm
Responding to criticism that reports of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) are disruptive to the economy, former CAG Vinod Rai said that those who make such statements are simply seeking alibis to non-performance.
Speaking at a BG Deshmukh memorial lecture organized by the Public Concern for Governance Trust, about the need for good governance, Rai said that the CAG reports will continue to be as stringent and objective as before.
“I don’t see any threat at all to CAG’s work. In terms of independence, there is no threat. You only need to empower institutions,” Rai said at the lecture held at Indian Merchants Chamber, Churchgate.
However, he said that government institutions such as the Central Vigilance Commission or CAG are not being allowed to function.
“Today, it is the institutions such as the that are not being allowed to function. Attempts are made to ensure that they don’t bring out things in the public domain. Whenever we bring out anything that is uncomfortable, the attempt is to shoot the messenger than address the malaise,” Rai said.
He added that after the 2009 election, CAG had attempted to look into the meteoric rise in the assets of contesting candidates as declared to the Election Commission.
“I spoke to Chief Election Commissioner Dr. SY Quraishi to get declaration of assets of some candidates in 2004 and the same candidates in 2009. The different was 300 times more, not 300 percent, but 300 times,” Rai said.
However, he said he was told that scrutinizing the massive rise in the assets of candidates does not fall under CAG’s ambit.
“We could do nothing about it, but why can’t the income tax authorities question them?” Rai said.
He added that it is time for the educated urban middle class to step in and to ensure that institutions are allowed to function.

National Investigation Agency takes arrested terrorists of Burdwan blast to their operationsiteBy: Press Trust of India | Kolkata |
Posted: December 1, 2014 9:54 pm
The NIA on Monday took the two terrorists arrested in connection with the Burdwan blast to Beldanga area of Murshidabad district to identify the places from where they used to operate.
“Today we took Sajid and Hakim to Beldanaga area in Murshidabad district to identify the site of their operation and the kind of activities they used to do,” said a National Investigation Agency official on condition of anonymity.
The team also went to Lalgola area near the Indo-Bangladesh border and inspected some spots, a top district police officer said. Shakil Ahmed, one of the JMB terrorists who died in the Burdwan blast on October 2, had spent several months in Beldanga and ran a shop there.
A large number of IEDs were recovered from the house in Burdwan’s Khagragarh where the blast had occurred. Two persons were killed in the incident.
An international terror network having interests in Bangladesh is suspected to have a hand in it and of the eight arrested so far in connection with the blast, most are nationals of that country.
The Bangladeshi team had already interacted with the four NIA officials, who visited Dhaka recently and handed over documents to them regarding presence of JMB in several districts of West Bengal.
NIA’s information had helped the Dhaka sleuths to nab four JMB suspects, including JMB women wing chief Fatema Begum, who is also the wife of Burdwan blast prime accused Sajid.

Samsung might launch Tizen-based smartphone in India nextweekSamsung might launch a Tizen smartphone on December 10 under Rs Rs 10,000.
Posted: December 1, 2014 9:56 pm | Updated: December 1, 2014 10:27 pm
South Korean electronic giant Samsung is expected to launch a smartphone, based on its new Tizen operating system, in India later this month.
According to sources, the smartphone major is expected to launch the device on December 10 in the affordable category (sub-Rs 10,000).
The company was not available for comments. Currently, only a few devices, including Samsung’s smartwatch products run on the Tizen platform.
A majority of Samsung’s mobile phones are currently powered by the Android platform, which is also the dominant OS on most smartphones across the globe.
Launched as a competitor to Android and iOS OS’, Tizen aims to address the needs of stakeholders of mobile and connected device ecosystem, including device manufacturers, mobile operators, application developers and independent software vendors (ISVs).
In June, Samsung had showcased ‘Samsung Z’, which came with a 4.8 inch HD display and 2.3 GHz Quad-core processor.
Showcased at the Tizen Developer Conference, San Francisco, the handset featured 8MP rear camera, 2.1MP front camera, 2GB RAM, 16 GB internal memory (expandable up to 64GB) and a 2,600 mAh battery.
The company had planned to make the handset available in Russia in third quarter in Russia, but the plan was scrapped.
Previously, Samsung ran ‘Bada’ OS, which did not see much success. It has since been working on merging the platform with Tizen, which is backed by chipmaker Intel Corp.
The other popular operating systems include Apple iOS, Microsoft’s Windows Phone OS and BlackBerry’s proprietary platform.

GSLV III to be launched in third week of Dec...You are here: Home > Collections
GSLV III to be launched in third week of December
PTI Dec 1, 2014, 09.55PM IST
Tags:
GSLV-Mk III
(Having succeeded in its…)
COIMBATORE: Having succeeded in its MARS mission, ISRO is planning for the launch of Geo-synchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle-Mark III (GSLV-Mk III) in the third week of this month, a senior official said today.
Speaking at a function "Mangal Mahotsav" to celebrate successful insertion of Mangalyan into MARS orbit, M Pitchaimani , Deputy Director, ISRO Telemetry, Tracking and Command Network (ISTRAC), Bengaluru, said through the launch of GSLV-Mk III , Indian national space agency intends to study ascent phase of the rocket as well as the recovery of a human capsule, after it lands in the sea.
The launch would also be the first step towards India's ambitious future Human Space Flight proposal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

U.S. manufacturing cools  but underlying momentum remainsU.S. housing starts fall, but trend points to recovery
By Lucia Mutikani, Reuters
8
Groundbreaking declined 1.6 percent to a seasonally adjusted annual pace of 1.028 million units, the Commerce Department said on Tuesday. October's starts were revised up to a pace of 1.045 million units.
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast starts rising to a rate of 1.04 million units from October's previously reported pace of 1.01 million units.
@jhanzel thanks for pointing that out in the summer of recovery part 6
j blome
5
Yields for U.S. Treasuries held at lower levels, while the dollar was little changed against a basket of currencies. U.S. stock futures were pointing to a lower open also as crude oil prices continued to drift lower. Housing continues to be stymied by tepid wage growth, which has been far outpaced by home price increases. Higher mortgage rates are also a constraint, although they have declined from a peak reached in September 2013.
The housing recovery also is being challenged by a very slow pace of household formation, as high unemployment among young adults is forcing many to either continue living at home with their parents or share quarters with friends or relatives.
Household formation is currently running at about 500,000 a year, far below the more than 1 million that would signal a strong housing market recovery.
But with job growth accelerating, wages are expected to pick up next year and pull in first-time buyers, especially young people, into the housing market, providing a tailwind for the economy. Housing has been a mild boost to gross domestic product so far this year.
"With labor market conditions continuing to be favorable ... we believe that it will be only a matter of time before the housing recovery shifts up a gear or two and provides a crucial second wind to the economic recovery," said Millan Mulraine, deputy chief economist at TD Securities in New York.
Last month's drop in groundbreaking was concentrated in the single-family homes segment, the largest part of the market, which fell 5.4 percent to a 677,000-unit rate. Single-family starts had posted two straight months of hefty gains.
Starts for the volatile multi-family homes segment increased 6.7 percent to a 351,000-unit pace. The increase unwound some of October's 9.9 percent drop.
Multi-family starts continue to be driven by demand for rental units as many financially-strapped Americans shun home ownership.
Last month, permits dropped 5.2 percent to a pace of 1.035 million units after two straight months of gains. That was the biggest drop since January.
Permits, which lead starts by three to four months, have been above a pace of 1 million units since July.
Permits for single-family homes fell 1.2 percent to a 639,000-unit pace in November. Permits for multi-family housing tumbled 11 percent to a 396,000-unit pace. That followed two months of big increases.
(Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Paul Simao)

http://usat.ly/1A7WTqGIf other industries were like Wall Street
Imagine if other industries got away with stuff Wall Street does.
Post to Facebook
If other industries were like Wall Street Imagine if other industries got away with stuff Wall Street does. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1xYPneK
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
If other industries were like Wall Street
Morgan Housel, The Motley Fool 6:02 a.m. EST November 30, 2014
Carl Icahn, a billionaire investor and chairman of Icahn Enterprises LP, looks on during the New York Financial Writers Association dinner in New York, U.S., on Tuesday, June 10, 2008. Biogen Idec Inc. shareholders should reject Icahn's proposed slate of directors, the proxy advisers ISS Governance Services and Glass, Lewis & Co. said today.
(Photo: JEREMY BALES, BLOOMBERG NEWS)
27 CONNECT 4 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Finance is a strange industry. The way we think about fees, the way it's discussed in the media, how laypeople use it, and the way it's taught in school is like no other field.
Maybe the best way to get this across is to imagine -- hypothetically and absurdly -- if other industries got away with stuff Wall Street does.
If we thought of school grades like we do corporate accounting:
Robert gets an F on a test but says he actually got an A if you strip out one-time bad answers on a pro forma, pre-mistake basis. His teachers buy it.
If we held weathermen to the same standard as stock pundits:
Peter, a local weatherman, has been predicting since the 1970s that a blizzard dumping up to two feet of snow will hit Miami imminently. It hasn't been below 50 degrees in Miami for decades, but Peter is inducted to the Meteorology Hall of Fame for his "spot-on, dead-accurate forecasts of the Miami climate."
If we were as impatient about gardening as we are investing:
Sam plants some seeds in his backyard. He checks back four hours later. Nothing. He digs them up and replants them. Four hours. Still nothing. A week later he is dismayed that he has no oak trees in his backyard. He calls oak trees a scam.
If we thought of farming like we do global finance:
Joe and Ronald each own a cow. Instead of milking the cows and selling dairy, they use each other's cow as collateral for a structured note sold to an Icelandic pension fund, use the funds to buy credit default swaps on their neighbor's farm, start a rumor that causes a run on its assets and sends the farm into bankruptcy, collect the payout, funnel the proceeds through a Luxembourg shell company, and sell hypothetical milk futures to a widow in Arizona. The cows just stand in a field and moo. Joe and Ronald make $34.9 million a year.
If we checked our physical health as much as we check our portfolios:
Ryan wakes up in the morning and checks his blood pressure. He checks it again before breakfast, during breakfast, after breakfast, and before leaving for work. When he gets to work he checks his cholesterol, again before lunch, and twice before bedtime. During one of the four times he weighs himself during the day the notices he lost a quarter of a pound. He calls his doctor to find out what the hell is going on.
If we credentialed doctors as easily as we do stock brokers:
Jim recited the "hip bone's connected to the leg bone" song. That qualifies him to be a neurosurgeon and your life is now in his hands.
If we thought of wine like we do triple-A rated subprime mortgage bonds:
Roger takes a Capri Sun, leaves it outside for a few hours and calls it Chateau Mouton Rothschild 1945. It takes a decade for wine experts to figure out what's going on. They're still arguing about notes and finish.
If we thought of cell phone fees like we do mutual fund fees:
Betty has a cell phone. She has no idea what it costs, since the fees are deducted automatically from her bank without her receiving a bill. She never even sees the money leave the bank – it's quietly siphoned off every quarter. She learns her cell phone costs 1% of her annual assets. Quick math shows she's paying $20,000 a year for a cell phone that only works some of the time. She had no idea, and the cell phone company prefers it that way.
If we thought of private businesses like public businesses:
Sally owns a bakery. One year she sells 1,052 muffins. The next year she sells 1,051 muffins. Carl Icahn stands in front of her store yelling profanities and calling her incompetent.
If medical advice were given as universally and indiscriminately as financial advice:
A doctor goes on TV talking about the benefits of a new cancer drug. He doesn't mention that unless you have cancer his advice is irrelevant to you. Unaware, half of viewers start using the new cancer drug despite not having cancer.
If we thought of housing like we do stock market fluctuations:
A Zillow.com programmer gets in a bad mood and adjusts the site's algorithm so every home in America looks 10% less valuable than it was the day before. He's fired, and a new programmer adjusts the algorithm again so homes go back to the old prices. The volatility sends America into a collective meltdown. The evening news brings on a series of experts who call owning a home a scam, a gamble, and a fraud. Ten percent of homeowners sell their homes the next day. "It doesn't matter if I loved my home, could afford my mortgage, and planned on living here for 20 years," one says, "this just seems too risky." He moves into a tent.
If everyday people had got away with Wall Street crimes:
Brad assaults a guy. The whole thing is caught on tape. There's no question about what he did. Anyone else would go to jail. But Brad is allowed to settle without admitting or denying wrongdoing. For a penalty, Brad's children are forced to pay a $25 billion fine. Brad gets a bonus.
If we explained random weather events like we do random economic fluctuations:
It's cold in Minneapolis. Damn [party you didn't vote for].
The Motley Fool is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news, analysis and commentary designed to help people take control of their financial lives.  Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
&amp;amp;lt;SCRIPT language='JavaScript1.1'SRC="http://ad.doubleclick.net/adj/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?"&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;/SCRIPT&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;NOSCRIPT&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;AHREF="http://ad.doubleclick.net/jump/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie4;abr=!ie5;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?"&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;IMGSRC="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie4;abr=!ie5;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?" BORDER=0 WIDTH=550 HEIGHT=300ALT="Advertisement"&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;/A&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;/NOSCRIPT&amp;amp;gt;
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1xYPneK
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer still on the run | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Bank lending in Spain set to recoverBank lending in Spain set to recover in 2015
Thomas Hale in Madrid
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f05e8cac-796d-11e4-a57d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Blackstone looks to take Reits privateBlackstone hunts for Reits it can take private
Henny Sender in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/debbb81a-7974-11e4-9e81-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US shale lenders caught in energy sell-off© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/03afc19e-7979-11e4-9e81-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

NC Sarpanch shot dead in ShopianUpdated: December 1, 2014 12:27 IST
NC Sarpanch shot dead in Shopian
PTI
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister and National Conference working party president Omar Abdullah during an election campaign in Kupwara. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
TOPICS
regional elections
Omar Abdullah seeks the Election Commission to review security in Shopian district ahead of state elections
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah has said his National Conference will request the Election Commission of India to review security in Shopian district where a party Sarpanch has been killed by militants.
“My party will formally request the ECI to review security in this area. We are concerned about gaps in the security grid,” Omar tweeted soon after National Conference Sarpanch Mohammad Sultan Bhat was shot dead in Shopian district last night.
Mr. Abdullah said with model code of conduct in force, he cannot intervene with security forces on the matter.
“The EC code forbids me from any engagement with the security forces. So, the EC is now responsible for plugging any loopholes,” he added.
The Chief Minister condoled the killing of the Sarpanch saying his death will spur the party to remain steadfast and committed to its mission of peaceful and prosperous Jammu and Kashmir.
“My heartfelt condolences to his family and loved ones.
He joins the many hundreds of NC cadre killed for their political beliefs.
“Bhat Sahib’s death will only spur us on to remain steadfast and committed to our mission of a peaceful, prosperous naya Jammu & Kashmir,” he added.
Bhat was shot dead by militants outside his home at Nazneenpora in Shopian.

Sherwoood college death: Mother asks Centre to intervene  demands school principle s resignationHockey India suspends playing ties with Pakistan
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Maruti launches service campaign to inspect Ciaz s fault partMaruti launches service campaign to inspect Ciaz s fault part
Non-subsidised LPG price cut by Rs 113 per cylinderNon-subsidised LPG price cut by Rs 113 per cylinder
Celkon s first Windows phone WIN 400 launchedCelkon s first Windows phone WIN 400 launched
Hong Kong protesters on hunger strike after violent clashesHong Kong protesters on hunger strike after violent clashes
Rs 64 000 crore idle wealth lying unclaimed: Here s how you can claim itRs 64 000 crore idle wealth lying unclaimed: Here s how you can claim it
Scrapping of 80:20 scheme triggers gold price fallScrapping of 80:20 scheme triggers gold price fall
SHAREHOLDER ALERT: The Law Firm of Levi & Korsinsky  LLP Launches an Investigation into Possible Securities Laws..SHAREHOLDER ALERT: The Law Firm of Levi & Korsinsky  LLP Launches an Investigation into Possible Securities Laws..
India plans crash test norms for cars  including airbag additionIndia plans crash test norms for cars, including airbag addition
Bloomberg |  Dec 02, 2014 12:35 AM IST
India plans to mandate crash tests for cars, once facilities are ready, as policy makers seek to reduce deaths in a country where road accidents claim one life every five minutes.
The government will mandate offset frontal and side-impact crash tests and airbags will be required to meet the regulations, Pon Radhakrishnan, junior road transport minister, told the Lok Sabha in New Delhi on Monday. India's roads are the world's deadliest, with 15 per cent of all traffic fatalities and only one per cent of the motor vehicles, according to the World Bank. An improvement in safety standards on highways would boost economic output by four per cent, according to a draft of the ministry's proposed Road Transport and Safety Bill. The draft, released in September, mandates harsher penalties for traffic violations, a centralised licensing authority, and a dedicated road safety authority modeled on National Highway Traffic Safety Administration in the US. Presently, cars in India are not required by law to be crash tested or be fitted with airbags.
The Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers had agreed to the norms, Deputy Director-General Sugato Sen said in a telephone interview on Monday.
"The auto industry has agreed to the crash test norms and we are waiting for the facilities to be ready," said Sen. "We've been informed that as soon as they are ready, the notification for mandatory crash testing will be issued."

Turnaround in India gold rules unlikely to mean import surge: TradeGold futures fall 1.13% on weak global cues
An unexpected move by India’s central bank to ease curbs on overseas purchases instead of tightening them indicates the government is more relaxed about the trade deficit, though trade sources said it does not mean there will be a jump in imports.
The world’s second-biggest bullion buyer scrapped a rule on Friday mandating traders to export 20 percent of all gold imported into the country after weeks of speculation that it would tighten the rule.
Struggling with a high trade deficit, India last year imposed a record 10 percent import duty on gold and the so-called 80-20 rule to limit purchases. Bullion is the second-biggest item on India’s import bill after oil.
However, lower oil prices may mean the government is more comfortable about the trade deficit and softening restrictions on gold, analysts said. Oil prices are at five-year lows.
“At the moment clearly the government’s working assumption seems to be that lower crude oil and softer gold prices should keep the current account deficit in acceptable limits, even with some increase in the volume of gold imports,” ANZ analysts said in a note.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi also indicated in his election campaign that he wasn’t in favour of hurting the jewellery industry through controls on gold imports, they said.
Bullion dealers in India had stocked up in recent weeks, expecting further tightening of the 80-20 rule, which was put in place last year to control an influx of gold.
“There is still a lot of confusion. A lot of that has to do with the fact it has been such a repressive environment over the last year that people second guess everything,” said Sunil Kashyap, managing director at bullion bank ScotiaMocatta in Hong Kong.
“I think the immediate reaction will be that imports will stop for the time being. Imports in the first couple of weeks may be curtailed because of discounts and stock liquidation,” he said, adding that the market was currently oversupplied.
Indian prices fell to a small discount on Friday after the central bank announcement, compared to a premium of $10 earlier in the week, traders said. They recovered later to a small premium.
“There will not be a surge in imports,” said Bachhraj Bamalwa, director at the All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation.
“Stockpiles from imports in the last two months foreseeing further restrictions are still lying with bullion dealers and at customs,” he said, adding that the inventory should be enough to meet demand in December.
A trader in Mumbai said he would wait for local premiums to spike before importing in big quantities as that would guarantee better incentives.
Despite weaker imports, consumer demand could remain strong, according to retailers.
“Expectations that gold prices may further drop from the current prices, may attract more buying for the ongoing wedding season,” said Rahul Gupta, director of P.P. Jewellers in New Delhi.
Gold was trading close to a 4-1/2-year low on Monday.
TAGS: Gold Import
More from commodities
Oil drops to near $59 for first time since 2009 Oil fell to close to $59 a barrel for the first time since May 2009 on Tuesday, extending a six-month selloff...

India to put 48 transponders in space on FridayIndia to put 48 transponders in space on Friday
Vanita Srivastava , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 01, 2014
First Published: 22:06 IST(1/12/2014) | Last Updated: 22:41 IST(1/12/2014)
Comments
In what will help in boosting the satellite capacity of India and improve broadcast services, the Indian Space Research Organistaion (Isro) will put 48 transponders in space, the largest ever so far, through the launch of GSAT-16 from French Guiana on December 5.
The GSAT-16 will be launched aboard the French Ariane-5 rocket from French Guiana at about 2:08am IST.
GSAT-16  is an advanced communication satellite weighing 3181.6 kg at lift off is being inducted into the INSAT/GSAT system. GSAT-16  is configured to carry a total of 48 communication transponders, the largest number of transponders carried out by a communication satellite developed by Isro  so for, in normal C band, upper extended C band, and Ku band.
“This will definitely boost satellite capacity as 48 new transponders will be added to the existing 180 transponders,” Isro chairman Dr K Radhakrishnan told HT.
Recently one of the satellite that was providing services was  shut down and the GSAT -16 will provide the requisite services. The Isro is working on a set of missions that will  enable India to have 400 transponders in next few years.
The designed on-orbit operational life of GSAT 16 is 12 years.The communication transponders on board GSAT 16 will ensure continuity of various services provided by INSAT/GSAT system and serve as on-orbit spares to meet the contingency requirements or for the augmentation of such services.

Modis NRI  NRIsModiWritten by Ronak D Desai |
Posted: December 2, 2014 12:28 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 8:11 am
Since taking office earlier this year, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has embarked on an aggressive campaign to court the Indian diaspora. From the United States to Australia, high-profile outreach to the community has featured prominently in virtually all of Modi’s visits abroad.
The courtship has proved successful. In New York City, approximately 20,000 euphoric NRIs from across North America sat spellbound in Madison Square Garden, listening to the new premier speak.
A similarly rapturous scene unfolded in Australia last month, as more than 21,000 NRIs flocked to Sydney’s Olympic Park to confer upon Modi a hero’s welcome. As in NYC, Modi deployed his trademark soaring oratory to invite the thousands assembled to become stakeholders in India’s future. The audience roared in approval and seemed to accept the call to action.
Sustained and substantive engagement with the diaspora has emerged as an integral component of Modi’s domestic and foreign policies. Domestically, Modi views the 25-million-member overseas community as a potent untapped force willing and able to fulfil his ambitious goals at home. During his address in NYC, Modi urged his audience to invest in modernising India’s ageing infrastructure and help finance the clean-up of the Ganga. He envisions a diaspora directly involved in advancing India’s development through their financial and intellectual capital.
The Indian diaspora constitutes an even more important variable in Modi’s foreign-policy calculus. Expatriates could provide him with powerful constituencies of support abroad, capable of influencing the policies of their adopted countries. Almost a decade ago, the Indian-American community played such a role, mobilising itself to help secure Congressional passage of the landmark civilian nuclear deal. Approval of the deal propelled US-India ties to new heights and showcased the potential of the community as a credible force affecting foreign policy. Its influence dissipated, however, in the absence of other issues potent enough to bind the community together.
But Modi’s desire to create bases of support abroad through the diaspora is also likely to be challenged by the fact that Indians living overseas are loyal first to their adopted countries. In cases where the interests of both countries align, no tension exists. But in instances where a potential conflict may arise, the diaspora’s utility to Modi will be limited. However, this simple truth is unlikely to affect Modi’s outreach to expatriates.
Modi’s deep engagement with the diaspora is unsurprising given the vast influence it exercised in his election. Scores of NRIs from around the world travelled to India to stump on behalf of Modi, while even more filled his campaign coffers with contributions from abroad. The election was the first in Indian history to allow expatriate citizens to vote, so long as they were willing to continued…

These geniuses hacked a printer to cook baconThis Bacon Printer May Be the Tastiest Hack Ever
We've seen the future, and it is... printed bacon.
Tyler Wells Lynch
December 01, 2014
A hackerspace in Minnesota has come up with the idea of the century, and of course it involves bacon.
You might be familiar with the old meme "Push button, receive bacon." No? Well, here's the rundown: The graphic instructions on some hand dryers make the device look like some kind of magical bacon dispenser, so the crew at The Rabbit Hole decided to take that idea and make it a reality.
Okay, so the bacon printer they developed is actually pretty far from reality for consumers, but the concept is impressively mouth-watering.
The rest of us will just have to wait and see if humanity is ready for a bacon printer.
So how does it work? Well, instead of 3D-printing strips of bacon, these hackers disassembled a basic inkjet printer and reconfigured the fuser to work as a heating element—one hot enough to cook bacon. The strips of meat are manually fed through the fuser, and as they’re processed they’re exposed to super-high temperatures of 400–450°F.
That’s not quite hot enough to cook bacon on a single pass, so you have to cycle the bacon through a few times to properly cook it to taste. But as a proof-of-concept? It's looking pretty tasty.
The team entered the bacon printer into this year's The Deconstruction "un-competition," where it was a big hit. The rest of us will just have to wait and see if humanity is ready for a bacon printer.
(Skip to about 2:25 in the video below to see the "printer" in action.)

Credit monitoring firm agrees to $22 million in refundsCredit monitoring firm agrees to $22 million in refunds
Credit score
$22 million in refunds headed to some customers of credit monitoring service.
'Free' credit monitoring wasn't, FTC says
At least 50 websites, with names like FreeScoreOnline.com, FreeScore360.com and ScoreSense.com, offered consumers access to their credit scores from the three major credit reporting bureaus for at most, a refundable $1 processing fee.
In reality, though, there was nothing free about the offer.
Now, after more than 210,000 consumers complained they were duped, the Dallas-based company behind those sites has agreed to refund $22 million to customers.
One Technologies and its affiliates, which also did business under the names ScoreSense and MyCreditHealth, agreed to the refund program as part of a settlement announced Wednesday with the Federal Trade Commission, Illinois and Ohio.
Knowing your credit score (infographic)
Tribune Graphics
Tribune Graphics
The agreement still must be approved by a federal judge in California. Customers who are due refunds will be contacted by the FTC with a claim form to submit, said Frank Dorman, an FTC spokesman. It is unclear when those forms will be distributed.
In Illinois, more than 100,000 residents paid for the credit monitoring service, but the state is uncertain how many of those consumers are eligible for refunds, according to Maura Possley, a spokeswoman for the Illinois attorney general's office.
"I'm actually surprised it took this long," said John Ulzheimer, credit expert at CreditSesame.com, which has a free score without strings attached. "The 'free' score marketing has been going on for years, yet they're not really free. They're conditionally free, which certainly isn't the same thing. It's also very deceptive to use the word free so liberally throughout your marketing."
In 2005 and 2007, the FTC settled allegations with Experian, a credit reporting agency known for its catchy advertisements featuring young people singing about its site, FreeCreditReport.com. The FTC said Experian's ads for a "free credit report" were misleading ways to get people to sign up for credit monitoring for about $80 a year. The FTC settled with Experian for $1.25 million.
The lawsuit filed by the federal government and the two states against One Technologies claims it has used deceptive marketing tactics since 2008 and has not properly disclosed that consumers who obtained their credit score through an online portal would  be enrolled in a credit monitoring program that automatically billed their credit cards $29.95 a month until consumers canceled the service.
0
Once a consumer clicked through a landing page to obtain their credit scores, they had to provide personal information to verify their identity, such as their address, Social Security number and birth date, according to the FTC complaint. The screen proclaimed "your credit scores are ready" and directed consumers to enter credit card or debit card information in order to receive "our refundable $1 processing fee," the suit states.
Once all the information was provided, consumers were directed to the home page of the company's credit monitoring program and their credit scores.
The FTC contended the information on the site about membership in the firm's credit monitoring program was not on the site before late 2012, and that even then it was inconspicuous and hard for consumers to notice because they were distracted by other graphics, logos and text on the sites.
"In numerous instances, consumers did not know they had been enrolled in (the company's) credit monitoring program until they discovered a $29.95 charge on their bank or credit card statement," the complaint states. "Some consumers did not notice the recurring charge for several billing cycles. Many of these consumers are on tight budgets and could not afford the unexpected charges."
Until March 2013, information on the recurring charges was not included on the mobile site, the FTC said.
People filed complaints about the sites with banks, credit card companies, law enforcement agencies and the Better Business Bureau. Some customers said they were denied refunds when they contacted the companies, according to authorities.
As part of the agreement, One Technologies did not admit or deny wrongdoing. In addition to the refunds, the firm agreed to change some of its internal practices and to modify how disclosures about its credit monitoring program are displayed on the website.
"We always believed that we complied with the law, but have worked with the FTC to set a new benchmark for industry transparency and disclosure," Fred Loeber, a senior vice president at One Technologies, said in a statement.
Credit scores that most lenders use, called FICO scores, generally aren't free but are available for sale at MyFico.com. But many off-brand scores, which can offer similar snapshots of a consumer's creditworthiness, are offered for free through such sites as CreditKarma, CreditSesame and Quizzle.
The tip-off for potentially fraudulent sites? The site asks for a credit card number, Ulzheimer said.
"If you're being asked for a credit card then you're not getting something that's really free, and the website intends to begin charging you within a few days," he said.
Credit reports are free once a year from each of the three major credit bureaus at the official site, AnnualCreditReport.com or by calling 877-322-8228.
Considering all the breaches at retailers with payment cards, it might be tempting to sign up for credit monitoring — especially because breached retailers keep offering it as compensation to its customers.
But identity-theft experts agree credit monitoring is useless for payment-card breaches because individual fraudulent charges do not appear on credit reports, and credit reports don't show debit card information at all.
The best advice is always free: Check account statements for your credit or debit cards used at the retailer, looking for unfamiliar charges. After a breach, go online to check account statements more frequently than waiting for a monthly statement. If you find a fraudulent charge, report it to your card issuer — usually a bank — by calling the number on the back of the card. The bank or card issuer probably won't hold you liable for the fraudulent charges and will issue you a new card.

Development as a peoples movementUpdated: December 1, 2014 07:44 IST
Development as a people’s movement
Madhav Gadgil
labour
Modern technology-based industries and services cannot generate employment on a massive scale. It is therefore imperative that this modern sector must rein in its adverse impacts on labour-intensive, natural resource-based livelihoods
Development was a key issue in the 2014 Lok Sabha election. In his very first speech after taking over as Prime Minister, Narendra Modi asserted that his government is committed to carrying on development as a people’s movement. This, he has asserted, will draw upon India’s democratic, demographic and demand dividends. But are we genuinely moving towards organising development as a people’s movement while building on these strengths?
At the heart of democracy is access to information. We do have the vital Right to Information Act, but need to do much more since the public is being continually misled. To reap the demographic dividend, our youth should be well nourished. But what is the reality? The government’s statistics show that 28 per cent of school children were malnourished in 1993; this came down to 17 per cent by 1999 and declined further to 8 per cent by 2006. However, this is based on information provided by schools, and many of them are guilty of maintaining bogus records of enrolment and expenses towards the provision of mid-day meals. As a cross-check, we have the data provided by the carefully and professionally conducted National Family Health Survey. According to its very different and shocking results, 53 per cent of school children were malnourished in 1993. This came down slightly to 47 per cent by 1999 and changed a little by 2006, to 46 per cent.
To cater to India’s massive population of consumers, people should have adequate purchasing power, such as that enjoyed by people employed in the industries or services sector. Unfortunately, as the malnourishment statistics indicate, a vast majority of Indians are poor, with barely 10 per cent employed in the organised sector. We are being convinced that vigorous economic growth is generating substantial employment. But this is not so. When our economy was growing at 3 per cent per year, employment in the organised sector was growing at 2 per cent per year. As the economy began to grow at 7-8 per cent per year, the rate of growth of employment in the organised sector actually declined to 1 per cent per year since most of the economic growth was based on technological progress, including automation. At the same time, the increasing pressure of the organised sector on land, water, forest and mineral resources has adversely impacted employment in farming, animal husbandry and fisheries sectors. People who are being pushed out of these occupations are now crowding in urban centres. This is in turn leading to a decline in the productivity of the organised industries and services sector. Evidently, the ship of our development is sadly adrift.
What is development?
Undoubtedly, people aspire for development. But what is development? Joseph Stiglitz, a recipient of the Nobel Prize in Economics and one-time chairman of Bill Clinton’s Economic Advisory Council, offers an insightful analysis, asserting that development should result in an enhancement of the totality of a nation’s four-fold capital stocks: the capital of material goods, natural capital such as soil, water, forests and fish, human capital including health, education and employment, and social capital comprising mutual trust and social harmony. Our current pattern of economic development is by no means a balanced process resulting in the overall enhancement of the totality of these stocks. Thus, for instance, mining in Goa has severely damaged the State’s water resources and caused high levels of air and water pollution. The ever-increasing content of metals in drinking water reservoirs has adversely impacted health. When thousands of trucks were plying ore on the roads of Goa, the resulting chaos in traffic and accidents seriously disrupted social harmony. Evidently, the single-minded focus on industrial growth is not leading to sustainable, harmonious development, but merely nurturing a money-centred violent economy.
“The single-minded focus on industrial growth is not leading to sustainable, harmonious development, but merely nurturing a money-centred violent economy.”
We must, of course, continue to develop modern technology-based industries and services, but these cannot generate employment on the massive scale required. It is therefore imperative that this modern sector must rein in its adverse impacts on labour-intensive, natural resource-based occupations and livelihoods. The modern capital-intensive, technology-based economic sector must nurture a symbiotic relationship with the nature-based, labour-intensive sector. Our democracy provides for fashioning such a mutual relationship through the 73rd and 74th constitutional amendments and the Biological Diversity Act, the Panchayats (Extension to Schedule Areas) Act and the Forest Rights Act. We must take advantage of this constitutional framework that promotes decentralised governance and work with nature and people to move forward on a path towards genuine development — a path that would be entirely compatible with making development a people’s movement.
Examples of people’s movements
In Chandrapur and Gadchiroli districts of Maharashtra, both of which are Naxal-torn, there are hopeful examples emerging of how development may be nurtured as a people’s movement. A number of tribal and other traditional forest-dwelling communities of these districts now have management rights over Community Forest Resources under the Forest Rights Act. The state retains ownership over such resources, and these cannot be diverted to other purposes. But now these resources are being managed holistically with a fuller involvement of the people. The citizens of Pachgaon, for instance, have, through two full-day meetings of their entire Gram Sabha, decided upon 40-odd regulations. Tendu leaves are a major forest produce, but their harvest entails extensive lopping and setting of forest fires. So, Pachgaon has decided to forego this income and instead focus on marketing the edible tendu fruit. By stopping the collection of tendu leaves, the trees are healthier and both fruit yield and income from its marketing have gone up. Incomes from bamboo harvest have also gone up manifold, and for the first time the people are moving out of the earlier precarious existence. Notably, they have on their own initiated protecting part of these forests as newly constituted sacred groves. Such community management of forest resources is the only sane way to combat extremism, and I have every hope that the new government, with its commitment to making development a people’s movement, will wholeheartedly support these initiatives.
Verle village, perched atop Sahyadri mountains in Goa’s Sanguem taluk, provides another instance of how we can make development a people’s movement. In this charming village, the locals have initiated a cooperative tourism project. Visitors stay in the homes of the locals, which are now equipped with modern amenities, and enjoy home-cooked food. They can wander around to their heart’s content with three well-trained local youth who serve as nature guides. This is a neat example of how development benefits people at the grassroots level while safeguarding the natural heritage.
Recently, I had requested Goa University students to write an essay on any issue of their interest. Many chose tourism; they were very concerned with the negative fallout of the flourishing hotel industry. These included depletion and pollution of ground water, ever-growing piles of solid waste, encroachments on public beaches and alarming growing drug abuse, associated crimes and women’s insecurity. They also felt that few economic benefits actually reach the people of Goa. Why then can we not focus on enterprises that are nature-friendly and give full scope to local initiatives like Verle to develop tourism? Why do we not organise activities such as these that genuinely promote development as a people’s movement?
Furthermore, Goa could revive its currently stagnating mining business through novel people-oriented initiatives such as the proposal from the tribals in Caurem village in Goa’s Quepem taluka. There, extensive community lands that harbour a large sacred grove — lands that ought to have been assigned as Community Forest Resources — have been encroached upon by palpable illegal mining, which has damaged water resources, affected farming, and created social dissonance. The mines are currently closed because of the illegalities, and the Gram Sabha has unanimously resolved that if they are to be restarted, this should be done through the agency of their multi-purpose cooperative society.
The Goa government ought to seize this golden opportunity and do all that it can to ensure that it succeeds. When the first cooperative sugar factory in the country was established at Pravaranagar in Maharashtra 60 years ago, many doubted if the farmers could manage such an enterprise. But it succeeded beyond people’s wildest dreams because of capable farmer-leaders like Vitthalrao Vikhe Patil and a sympathetic Finance Minister like Vaikunthbhai Mehta. Let us therefore hope that the Goa government with its commitment to making development a people’s movement will vigorously support the Caurem initiative and create for the country a new model of how mining can be developed as a people’s activity.
(Madhav Gadgil is D.D.Kosambi Visiting Research Professor, Goa University.)

Cinepolis snaps up Fun CinemasCinepolis snaps up Fun Cinemas
Urvi Malvania | Mumbai Dec 02, 2014 12:47 AM IST
Mexican multiplex chain Cinepolis, which had entered India in 2009, has completed the acquisition of Fun Cinemas, the multiplex chain owned by Shubhash Chandra’s Essel Group through E-City Ventures. According to sources in the know, the deal for Fun Cinemas’ 83 screens in the country is valued at Rs 480 crore.
With this acquisition, Cinepolis’ presence in India increases from 110 screens to 193 screens. Of the 24 properties (multiplexes) that Fun Cinemas operates, 16 are owned by it and eight are on a franchise basis.
Cinepolis did not respond to queries sent by Business Standard, while a Fun Cinemas executive refused to comment on the deal.
Earlier last week, Cinepolis India Managing Director Javier Sotomayor communicated the news of the acquisition to the employees of Fun Cinemas and welcomed them to the Cinepolis family. He stressed on the importance of the deal for both the companies. “Together, we will leverage synergies of costs and economies of scale in our operations across the country. We must strive to support each other in the challenging task of integrating both the companies in terms of people, processes & systems. As we work upon detailed plans & timelines for the integration, we would continue to function like every other day,” he wrote in a mail to employees.
Cinepolis currently operates in Ahmedabad, Amritsar, Bengaluru, Bhopal, Hubballi, Jaipur, Ludhiana, Mangaluru, Mumbai, Patna, Pune, Surat and Thane. It has 18 screens in Gujarat. According to reports, the multiplex chain plans to invest around Rs 1,200 crore to increase its screen count in the country to 400 by 2017.
ALSO READ:  Multiplex major Cinepolis in talks to buy Fun Republic
Cinepolis wants to be present in all big cities, including the National Capital Region, and add screens in Tier-II and -III cities.
This acquisition is part of a consolidation phase that the Indian exhibition industry is going through. Earlier this year, Inox Leisure had acquired all 38 screens of Delhi-based Satyam Multiplex, to take its total screen count to 358 screens across 91 multiplexes in 50 cities.
This consolidation wave had started a couple of years ago, with two major mergers — Inox and Fame Cinemas, and PVR and Cinemax. Experts believe the wave will continue after the Cinepolis-Fun Cinemas deal and the next big acquisition could be that of Big Cinemas. Sources reveal that the Anil Ambani-owned multiplex chain, on the block for almost a year now, is in an advanced stage of talks with Carnival Cinemas.
DEAL DETAILS
The deal for Fun Cinemas’ 83 screens in the country is valued at Rs 480 crore, say sources
Now, Cinepolis’ presence in India increases from 110 screens to 193 screens
Cinepolis currently operates in Ahmedabad, Amritsar, Bengaluru, Bhopal, Hubballi, Jaipur, Ludhiana, Mangaluru, Mumbai, Patna, Pune, Surat and Thane

Devendra Fadnavis puts Karanja  Jaighad port projects on fast trackDevendra Fadnavis puts Karanja, Jaighad port projects on fast track
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 02, 2014 12:47 AM IST
With the objective of improving connectivity within Maharashtra, which in turn could boost the state’s gross domestic product, Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Monday set two port projects on the fast track.
Fadnavis laid the foundation stone for Karanja port, entailing an investment of Rs 1,000 crore, and gave nod for signing of the memorandum of understanding for the Jaighad Port Rail Connectivity.
“The Maharashtra government plans to keep a proactive approach and fast-track projects within the state in order to successfully implement the Make in India vision of the Prime Minister,” said Fadnavis said at a press conference on Monday.
“The need of the hour is that we provide the necessary framework to speed-up projects in the state, and we are going to do that,” he said. As part of the Karanja port project, a multipurpose terminal facility is being set up along 1,000 meter waterfront over 200 acres of inter-tidal zone, under concession agreement with the Maharashtra Maritime Board, said the Karanja Terminal & Logistics in a release. Mumbai-based Karanja Terminal & Logistics has investors from the US and UK, and Nikhil Gandhi of SKIL Infrastructure Group as the chairman. The facility will serve as a complement to the Mumbai and Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust and will contribute towards easing the cargo traffic congestion in the area, apart from promoting industrial development in the region. Partial operations at Karanja project will commence within 12 months and the total construction is scheduled for completion within two years.
Located in the Raigad district, the scope of work for the project includes specialised defence logistics, critical oil and gas logistics support, along with container and general cargo jetties, among other associated facilities. For the Rs 775-crore Jaighad port project, a special pupose vehical is being formed between Konkan Railway Corp, Maharashtra Maritime Board and JSW Jaigad Port to lay a 33.7 km rail line to connect the port to the railway network.
The project will be funded in the debt:equity ratio of 70:30. Of the 30 per cent equity investment, 63 per cent will be chipped in by JSW Jaigad Port, 26 per cent by Konkan Railway and upto 11 per cent by the Maritime Board.
Sanctioned by the Ministry of Railways, the traffic and bankability study has already been carried out for this project. The project has a 30-month timeline with a revenue projection of Rs 114 crore for the first year. The traffic study for this project has been carried out by PricewaterhouseCooper.
Of the total 33.7-km rail line, about 44 hectares will be laid over agricultural land, while 106 hectares over non-agricultural and the balance under garden and general, the official from Konkan Railways said, while making a presentation to Fadnavis.
Konkan Railway Corp also highlighted the poor hinterland connectivity of railways as one of the reasons for low port capacity in the state despite a very large coastline, even longer than Gujarat which has highest number of ports in the country today.
“For all projects above Rs 1,000 crore, there will be fast track special committee set up, to regularly monitor them,” Fadnavis said.
JSW Jaigarh Port is the first deep-water, all-weather, 24x7 private port in Maharashtra. Situated between Mumbai and Goa, the port is fully operational at present, with two berths having a cargo handling capacity of 15 million tonne per annum.
“We cannot run the entire capacity as the connectivity needed is not is place. So, at present, only about 8 million tonne capacity utilisation is happening,” Sajjan Jindal, the chairman of JSW Group, said on the sidelines of the event.
“However, we plan to take the capacity of this port to 50 million tonne going ahead and once the connectivity is in place, the port capacity utilisation will also go up,” he said.
Jindal suggested that if other ports in the state are also connected better, it will help improve infrastructure in the state, generate employment and also contribute significantly in taking Maharashtra's gross domestic product higher.
Maharashtra has a long coastline of 720 km and has 35 creeks making it an attractive state for investors to develop ports projects.

Maruti Suzuki recalls 3 796 units of CiazNew Delhi, December 1, 2014
Updated: December 2, 2014 00:02 IST
MSI to replace faulty clutch part in select Ciaz
Yuthika Bhargava
Tweet
The Hindu
Maruti Suzuki India has recalled 3,796 units of its recently launched mid-sized sedan Ciaz, manufactured till November 7, to replace a faulty part of clutch operation system. File photo
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Country’s largest car maker Maruti Suzuki India on Monday said it will undertake a ‘service campaign’ for 3,796 units of its newly launched mid-size sedan Ciaz to replace a faulty part of clutch operation system.
“MSI will proactively undertake a service campaign to inspect a suspected fault and replace the relevant part of clutch operation system of a batch of 3,796 Ciaz (manual transmission) cars,” the company said in a statement. These cars are among those manufactured till November 7, 2014.
In a separate note, the company clarified this “initiative for the Ciaz is not a recall. It is a service campaign undertaken in the interest of the customers… Service Campaigns are undertaken globally by automobile companies to rectify faults that may potentially cause inconvenience to customers,” it said.
While Maruti Suzuki dealers have started to communicate with owners of the impacted vehicles, customers can also check the company’s website to ascertain if their car is among the affected vehicles.
The inspection and replacement will be done free of cost for the customer.
MSI had launched Ciaz with an introductory price starting at Rs 6.99 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi) last month.

With a bullet: Oil  Japan  PlutoWith a bullet: Oil, Japan, Pluto
The problem with all that oil? It's fairly expensive oil.
Post to Facebook
With a bullet: Oil, Japan, Pluto The problem with all that oil? It's fairly expensive oil. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1y4c4hF
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
With a bullet: Oil, Japan, Pluto
John Waggoner , USA TODAY 10:28 a.m. EST December 1, 2014
A fire burns on mobile offshore oil drilling unit Deepwater Horizon, located in the Gulf of Mexico, in April 2010.
(Photo: U.S. Coast Guard)
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1y4c4hF
USA NOW
St. Louis police group blasts Rams' 'hands up' gesture
Dec 01, 2014

http://usat.ly/1rM0j2QFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Good tech deals await on Cyber Monday
There were quite a few good deals to be had on Black Friday this year, but as in recent years some of the best deals of the holiday season won't be found on the day after Thanksgiving. Cyber Monday, the online
Post to Facebook
Good tech deals await on Cyber Monday There were quite a few good deals to be had on Black Friday this year, but as in recent years some of the best deals of the holiday season won't be found on the day after Thanksgiving. Cyber Monday, the online Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1rM0j2Q
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
11
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Good tech deals await on Cyber Monday
Eli Blumenthal, Special for USA TODAY 1:42 p.m. EST December 1, 2014
Amazon.com employees work the shelves along the miles of aisles at an Amazon.com Fulfillment Center during last year's "Cyber Monday."
(Photo: Ross D. Franklin, AP)
158 CONNECT 110 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN 11 COMMENTEMAILMORE
There were quite a few good deals to be had on Black Friday this year, but as in recent years some of the best deals of the holiday season won't be found on the day after Thanksgiving. In recent years, Cyber Monday, the online equivalent to Black Friday, has eclipsed the Friday before Thanksgiving as the day to find the best deals.
This year appears to be no exception, particularly when it comes to cell phones and TVs. Here are a few of the ones you should watch:
TV DEALS
Unlike Black Friday, there doesn't appear to be many crazy cheap "doorbusters" featuring 32 or 40-inch no-name brands under $150. There are some significant discounts on TVs from well-known manufacturers like LG, Sharp, Sony, Samsung and Vizio. Best Buy will be selling a 42-inch Sharp 1080p LED HDTV for $299.99 (an $180 discount from its usual price) while Target will be bundling a $20 gift card with the purchase of a 39-inch Vizio 1080p LED HDTV for $349.99 and a $30 gift card with the purchase of a Samsung 40-inch 1080p Smart LED HDTV for $379.99 (a $250 discount). Dubbing this new week after Thanksgiving "Cyber Week," Target will be offering discounts up until December 6th.
BIG PLANS FOR AMAZON
Similar to Target and its own Black Friday deals, Amazon will also be spreading out its Cyber Monday deals into its own "Cyber Week" that has already begun on the company's site and runs throughout the week. As with Black Friday, Amazon will be posting new "Lightning Deals" to its Cyber Monday site every 10 minutes during this time. While the good news is the deals extend for more than a single day, it can be frustrating for shoppers as Amazon hasn't said when exactly each deal would run (though the company does have an "upcoming" tab which is worth periodically checking to stay up-to-date on when the company will be putting certain products on sale). Among the deals to look out for on Amazon include 40-inch 1080p LED HDTVs from Samsung and Sony for $298.
In a bid to attract more smartphone shoppers, Amazon will also be offering "exclusive Lightning Deals" on Cyber Monday to users of the company's apps on iOS, Android or the company's own Fire OS (the software that power Amazon's Kindle Fire tablets and Fire Phone smartphone).
GREAT TIME TO SNAG A SMARTPHONE
Beyond TVs, there are also a variety of deals to be had for other electronics, particularly off-contract smartphones. Motorola will be offering $140 off the off-contract price of its latest Moto X, bringing the device's starting price down to $360. Motorola will offer prospective buyers a window on Cyber Monday to register at Motorola.com to receive a discount code. Registration will open at 11:00 a.m. CT and the company plans to keep the deal running until supplies last or 5:00 p.m. CT Monday evening. Discount codes must be redeemed by December 15 at 11:59 p.m. CT, giving buyers a bit more time to take advantage of the discounted pricing.
OnePlus, a startup company out of China that made waves in tech circles earlier this year by offering a powerful smartphone for a low cost, will be making its smartphone, the OnePlus One, available to all buyers on Cyber Monday . It previously was only available to those who had an invitation that could only be obtained from someone else who had already purchased the device. The phone runs Android and features a 5.5-inch, 1080p HD display, quad-core processor with 3GB of RAM as well as a 5-megapixel front camera and 13-megapixel rear camera. Unlike the Moto X, which can be bought off-contract for any of the major US carriers, the OnePlus One is sold unlocked and will only work on T-Mobile or AT&T in the US.  It's available in a 16GB white version for $299 or a 64GB black version for $349.
There aren't many new deals for the iPhone on Cyber Monday, but those with T-Mobile will also be able to buy a 64GB iPhone 6 for the price of a 16GB iPhone 6, an $100 savings. T-Mobile will also be offering a 64GB iPhone 5S for the price of a 32 GB 5S and a 32GB iPhone 5C for the price of an 8GB 5C. T-Mobile's deal begins at 12:01 a.m. PT on the company's Cyber Monday site .
BATTERY CHARGING FOR CHEAP
For those looking for portable chargers, accessory maker PowerSkin will be offering its PoP'n battery packs for one cent (plus shipping) with the promo code "penny." The battery packs usually cost between $49.99 and $59.99 and are designed to attach to the back of either an iPhone (4/4S or 5/5S) or Android device and give your phone an additional 70% of battery life. The company's new PoP'n 2 designed for the iPhone 6/6 Plus is not included in this Cyber Monday deal. The chargers come in a variety of colors and the deal will run throughout Cyber Monday on PowerSkin's website , though purchases are limited to one per email address.
Best Buy will also be offering 50% off all myCharge power banks including the Hub series, now priced between $34.99 and $64.99 depending on size, that includes built-in Lightning and microUSB cables to easily connect an iPad, iPhone or Android/Windows Phone device.
THE REST OF THE DEALS
Other deals worth keeping in mind: Google will be offering the Chromecast for $25 and bundled with 90 days free of the company's Google Play Music service and 2 free months of Hulu Plus, while rival Roku will offer the Roku LT box for $29.99 ($10 off) and its Roku streaming stick for $39.99 (also $10 off) on its site bundled with 2 free months of Rdio Unlimited streaming. For those looking for a deal on a game system, Walmart will have a $449.99 PS4 bundle that includes the console, Lego Batman 3, LittleBigPlanet, an extra controller and your choice of one of 12 games, including The Lego Movie Videogame and Madden NFL 15.
UPDATE: More Cyber Monday deals keep coming in. Roku updated their Cyber Monday deals to include 3 months of Hulu Plus in addition to the discounted price and 2 months of Rdio streaming. Meanwhile, Amazon announced that later this afternoon, it will cut the price of its Fire TV streaming box to $69 for Cyber Monday (down from $99). While Amazon's streaming box is still lacking HBO Go, Amazon hopes to add the service before the end of the year, at $69 is a solid Roku and Apple TV alternative.
Microsoft added a new Xbox One bundle to the company's online store, offering the Xbox One with Assassin's Creed Unity and Black Flag as well as Diablo III: Ultimate Evil Edition for $329.99 (The Microsoft Store listing says it is a "free game of your choice," but USA Today confirmed with Microsoft Diablo is the extra game that will be bundled because other options quickly sold out).
For those not interested in Diablo III and Assassins Creed, Walmart is also offering a variety of Xbox One bundles on Cyber Monday including an Xbox One bundled with the new Halo: Master Chief Collection for $329.99 .
We'll keep monitoring the deals but if you see any good ones that we missed let us know in the comments or on Twitter .
Follow Eli Blumenthal on Twitter @eliblumenthal
158 CONNECT 110 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN 11 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1rM0j2Q
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer still on the run | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Tech Giants  Freeze-Your-Eggs Policy Is Not EnoughPhoto Credit: Lindsey Jeanne Photo
Work now, live later.  That is the mantra behind the egg-freezing initiatives recently announced by Silicon Valley tech giants Apple and Facebook. Apple's statement read in part:
"We continue to expand our benefits for women, with a new extended maternity leave policy, along with cryopreservation and egg storage as part of our extensive support for infertility treatments.  We want to empower women at Apple to do the best work of their lives as they care for loved ones and raise their families."
It is a PR ploy. What Apples wants is to convince its top female talent to delay motherhood for as long as possible so they can give all their attention to their jobs. The $20,000 it is giving them to freeze and store their eggs is chickenfeed, compared to what they are getting in return.
This initiative is anything but empowering. All medical procedures have risks, but the most common complications from egg harvesting run the gamut from infections to sterility. There may also be as yet unknown risks to the children conceived from cryo-processed eggs. While eggs frozen at a younger age are more usable than fresh oocytes produced years later, still the procedure can give would-be parents a false sense of security, as not all the frozen eggs will survive the thaw when they are ready to be used at a later date, and not all that survive the thaw will fertilize, implant successfully and go on to a live birth.
The world's most innovative and creative organizations should be dreaming up new ways to establish a better work-life balance for all their employees. Instead of holding out a carrot on a stick for would-be mothers, they should be establishing best practices to keep them engaged, productive, and excited about work while they raise their families.
They should be looking to Sweden for inspiration, which has some of the highest maternal employment rates in the EU (and among the lowest levels of childhood poverty). Many Swedish parents -- male and female alike -- take advantage of flexible working arrangements -- part time employment rates for women and men are 39.6 and 14.6 percent respectively, compared to EU averages of 32.5 and 9.4 percent. Sweden's parental leave policy grants mothers and fathers together up to 16 months paid leave.
Of course Sweden is a country and Apple and Facebook are just companies. To their credit, they do offer more than four months maternity leave -- and Facebook also offers a $4,000 cash bonus to new parents.
Leave is good, but what would be even better is in-office daycare, flexible hours, work-from-home and Mommy-track careers that don't lead to the sidelines. That would help them attract and retain top female talent. It's time that these tech giants showed some real leadership. It would pay off in spades.
Rana Florida is the author of the best-selling book Upgrade, Taking Your Work and Life from Ordinary to Extraordinary .
Follow Rana Florida on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ranaflorida
More:

Why You ll Love Being an Involving Leaderreddit
Imagine a day at work when you are amazed by the result and effectiveness of every meeting you have. When the people on your team are actually engaged, excited and even surprise you with their creative ideas and solutions. There is laughter in the office, a positive buzz in the hallways, and you feel in a good mood yourself.
The best part? You have more energy at the end of the day than you did at the beginning.
And you're the one who made it happen.
Well, for all we know, you're already there. In that case - congratulations! For all of you who look upon this as something you would love to experience - no worries. The above scenario is an option for every leader. But to start, we need to face facts: There's something wrong in the workplace today. Increasing research confirms the level of employee engagement is way too low, corporate life makes people unhappy, and workers are unmotivated. This is alarming especially at a time when other bodies of research confirm that worklife happiness is more important than ever for companies wanting to make a difference.
Leaders need to look in the mirror. When something is wrong in the workplace, it means that something needs to change. Did you know the No. 1 reason people quit their job is because of their immediate supervisor?
But not to panic! Because, for you, there is great potential here! As a leader, you hold the key to doing things differently. And if you do the right things, the results will be amazing. We know this because we see it over and over again. But the one who needs to step up is you. The leader.
The solution to create more engagement and worklife happiness is involvement.
People who feel they are involved at work tend to contribute. And their contributions are consistent and often more constructive. Because they know that their input matters, they also feel responsible for the final result.
There are some basic principles at play. When people feel they are heard and recognized, that they are part of something bigger than themselves, that they matter, that they belong, - then they feel better about themselves. The result is happier employees contributing in a more positive way to their workplace. An easy way to achieve all this is through Involving Leadership.
Involving Leadership is a way of ensuring better results, empowering your team and creating a lot of positive energy. It is a process-oriented approach of leadership, including a set of methods and tools that ensure involvement, responsibility, and action.
We could go on for hours about the benefits of Involving Leadership, but we'll start sharing with you the three main reasons why we think you too would love being an Involving Leader:
You will experience the magic power of collaboration. Many of us have a natural tendency to focus inward when we need to concentrate on solving a challenge. If we learn effective processes to utilize the collective intelligence through methods of collaboration that both allow us to tap into the super brain of a team and yet give us the necessary time to concentrate, we will quite rapidly start changing the way we work. The result is better solutions and faster implementations of new ideas. And more fun at work.
You tap into a source of unlimited energy - both for your team and yourself. When people experience collaborative processes that produce good results and start implementing these as part of the way they operate, we always see a positive energy change in the team. The reason is that the collective result of the team effort by far exceeds the sum of each and every person. This builds a fundamental trust in what the team can achieve.
You'll see the spark in people's eyes, over and over again. When people are engaged and see how their contributions matter for the greater good, they start connecting their hearts to solving the tasks at hand, not only their brain. The result is a more concerned and caring approach to what they produce. When you meet people who have this approach to what they are doing, you can recognize it by the way they behave, how they talk, what they are doing, and by their shining eyes.
So, if you want to give it a try - stay tuned. We'll talk more about this in the coming blog posts. You know - it's all about leadership, courage, and fun.
This blog post is also published in the blog LeadershipCourageFun . It is written by Kristine Maudal and Even Fossen, founders of Brainwells and creators of the online leadership program FutureLeadershipNow .
We have a common passion for making the corporate world a better place, and do this by training executives and executive teams in how to become Involving Leaders. Daily we experience magic moments when people exceed their own expectations due to new insights and skills. With love and care we'll share this magic with you. Thank you for being here.
All photos © Brainwells
Follow Kristine Maudal & Even Fossen (Brainwells) on Twitter: www.twitter.com/brainwells
More:

More Labor Troubles at American Airlinesreddit
American Airlines has done it wrong. Unlike the other three big carriers that have profit-sharing plans with their employees, AA management has taken an us-versus-you approach that has alienated workers. Worse, the chief negotiator for the flight attendants has contributed to the problem due to potential conflict of interest issues.
Since 2003 the American Airlines (AA) flight attendants union, the Association of Professional Flight Attendants (APFA), has been forced into labor contacts that have forfeited annual wages and benefits totaling $535 million. First, there was the 2003 $340 million annual giveback followed by another $195 million annually as part of accepting the 2011 American Airlines the LBFO (Last Best and Final Offer) in the bankruptcy. American Airlines was able to exit bankruptcy after it agreed to merge with U.S. Airways.
On November 9, AA flight attendants, by 16 votes, surprisingly rejected the "Tentative Agreement," a contract that had been in various stages of negotiation for over two years. This contract was a derivative of the "Conditional Labor Agreement" (CLA). Post-bankruptcy, AFPA president Laura Glading began a series of clandestine meetings with AA CEO Doug Parker and President Scott Kirby. The ostensible goal for Ms. Glading was to recapture much of the over $4 billion in previous forgone compensations. The "Tentative Agreement" ostensibly would have recouped an annual $193 million but that was spread over the combined 25,000 U.S. Air and American flight attendants, not just the 16,000 from American Airlines. With no statistical backup, flight attendants were told that if they rejected the "Tentative Agreement" they would be forced into arbitration and would receive $82 million annually less than the "Tentative Agreement". If this was really true, why did workers reject this contract?
At a recent meeting with employees CEO Parker was queried on the lack of a profit sharing clause in the "Tentative Agreement." He tersely replied: "It's just not the right way to pay 100,000 employees that don't have that much impact on the daily profits."
After deserved criticism, Mr. Parker has issued a lame clarification to disentangle from what are his true feelings.  Parker: "I did say those words but I certainly wasn't suggesting that our employees don't have a big impact on profits." HUH?
It is indeed flight attendants, pilots, mechanics, and ticket agents who are the profit engines of any airline. Paradoxically, the Airline Deregulation Act of 1978 has left our country with less competition than ever before. Instead of creating more choice as intentioned, the top four major airlines (UAL, AA, SWA, DAL) now control 90 percent of domestic air travel. They basically enjoy virtual monopoly powers in their respective hubs. American Airlines will be profitable no matter who is at the helm. This structural dysfunction suggests it would take little more than trained monkey to run any of these airline boardrooms.
The other three major airlines have profit sharing. Why did Laura Glading readily give that up? Under the near monopoly structure referred to above, airlines will make billions and be much, much less cyclical than in the past. The one true chance for labor to do well would be profit sharing. Why did she agree to binding arbitration, taking away the one true labor hammer, to strike? Flight attendants I have spoken to tell me details are scant as to why they are being told they will get $82 million less annually in arbitration. All tell me they have lost confidence in Ms. Glading and do not think she represents their best interests.
Is Laura Glading too close to management? Her cousin Tom is treasurer at American Airlines. Did she just get snookered in these negotiations or is she just not that bright? She was chief APFA negotiator in 2003 and became president in 2008 so she presided over both economic cataclysms and has never done anything with a positive monetary outcome for her membership. She clearly was not adversarial enough. Meanwhile, say no prayers for CEO Doug Parker. His board bestowed upon him $20.9 million for 2013 compensation.
So now, theoretically at least, American flight attendants will head to arbitration where the standard will be a comparable deal to that of United and Delta Airlines. It is not the end of the world, but serious questions remain about the leadership of Laura Glading.
Follow Richard Finger on Twitter: www.twitter.com/richard_finger
More:

Oneness: The Essence of Ethicsreddit
One of my favorite things to get is a new car. The child in me feels, I suspect, like a kid at Christmas. The scientist and the engineer in me enjoy putting new technology to the test. And who doesn't love new car smell?
But when I buy a new car, I also want to feel that the vehicle is proven. I want to know it's built to last. When I teach the principles of Oneness ,  many people find them new. If you've never heard of Discoverhelp, even our name, to you, is new.
What you need to know is that the principles we teach are not new. They are the underlying principles shared by all the major spiritual traditions. They have been forged in the furnace of time and withstood the light of the ages.
These time-tested, universal principles -- in combination with the knowledge you will gain of your own inner self through your own life experiences -- are the building blocks of a solid, ethical foundation for a life of genuine happiness.
Universal truths are not a fad. Having lived my life by them, I know this to be true.
What is new and different about us then? Never before have these principles been presented in this uniquely powerful way -- with careful logic, memorable analogies and compelling personal stories. All supported 24/7/365 by digital technology that lets you access thoughtful resources and genuine help whenever you need it.
The reason for Discoverhelp is simple: to help you find the true and lasting strength that comes from true and lasting character.
--
Ratanjit S. Sondhe is the founder and CEO of Discoverhelp, Inc ., a public speaker and the author of the new book, "How Oneness Changes Everything: Empowering Business Through 9 Universal Laws."
Follow Ratanjit S. Sondhe on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Ratanjit_Sondhe
More:

The Long  Dark Shadows of Plutocracyreddit
Previously published on BillMoyers.com .
Some people say inequality doesn't matter. They are wrong. All we have to do to see its effects is to realize that all across America millions of people of ordinary means can't afford decent housing.
As wealthy investors and buyers drive up real estate values, the middle class is being squeezed further and the working poor are being shoved deeper into squalor -- in places as disparate as Silicon Valley and New York City.
This week I point to the changing skyline of Manhattan as the physical embodiment of how money and power impact the lives and neighborhoods of everyday people. Soaring towers being built at the south end of Central Park, climbing higher than ever with apartments selling from $30 million to $90 million, are beginning to block the light on the park below. Many of the apartments are being sold at those sky-high prices to the international super rich, many of whom will only live in Manhattan part-time -- if at all -- and often pay little or no city income or property taxes, thanks to the political clout of real estate developers.
"The real estate industry here in New York City is like the oil industry in Texas," affordable housing advocate Jaron Benjamin says. "They outspend everybody... They often have a much better relationship with elected officials than everyday New Yorkers do." Meanwhile, fewer and fewer middle-and working-class people can afford to live in New York City. As Benjamin puts it, "Forget about the Statue of Liberty. Forget about Ellis Island. Forget about the idea of everybody being welcome here in New York City. This will be a city only for rich people."
At the end of the show I say: "Tell us if you've seen some of these forces eroding the common ground where you live. Perhaps, like some of the people in our story, you're making your own voice heard. Share these experiences at our website, BillMoyers.com." Please use the comments section below to do so.
Moyers & Company airs weekly on public television. Explore more at BillMoyers.com .
Follow Bill Moyers on Twitter: www.twitter.com/BillMoyersHQ
More:

Oil rebounds from five-year low; focus on US...Brent
(Crude oil markets rose on…)
NEW YORK: Crude oil markets rose on Monday after hitting a five-year low, rebounding after data suggested that tumbling prices may have started to affect drilling activity in the fast-growing U.S. shale oil industry.
A weaker dollar, which makes commodities denominated in the greenback more affordable to holders of other currencies, also enticed buying in oil and other natural resource markets, traders said.
Benchmark Brent crude oil was up $1.15, or 1.7 percent, at $71.30 a barrel by 10:25 a.m. EST (1525 GMT). It had fallen $2.62 earlier to $63.72, a low since July 2009.
U.S. crude was up $1.35, or 2 percent, at $67.50, after a five-day bottom hit at $63.72.
"There's a sense that the market got a little bit ahead of itself, and we're seeing some producer buying come in and it's driving the market back up," said Phil Flynn , analyst at the Price Futures Group in Chicago.
"I wouldn't be surprised to see it rally a couple more dollars. But I also wouldn't be surprised to see it sell back later in the session because of the volatile nature of things now and the perception among some that nothing has really changed fundamentally."
Oil is still down about 10 percent since producer group OPEC's decision last Thursday not to cut output despite fears of a supply glut. Both Brent and U.S. crude have fallen for five months in a row, marking the longest losing streak in oil since the 2008/2009 financial crisis.
Saudi Arabia , the most influential member of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, blocked moves by some smaller producers to curb output. The Saudis argued low prices would ultimately hurt U.S. shale oil production, which analysts say is responsible much of the oversupply now.
Data reviewed by Reuters on Monday suggested the new low-price environment for oil might have started affecting U.S. shale production, with a 15 percent drop in permits issued for new shale wells in October.
"The market is still looking for a new equilibrium below $70 (a barrel), which is a little surprising given that with the current prices, much of the shale oil production in the U.S., or part of it, will be unprofitable," Commerzbank analyst Eugen Weinberg said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Baxter seeks OK to sell new hemophilia drug1
"The evidence from our late-stage controlled trial showcases that BAX 855 could become an important new treatment option for people with hemophilia A, expanding on more than a decade of experience with Advate," said Dr. John Orloff, vice president and global head of research and development for Baxter BioScience. ''BAX 855 represents our continued commitment to developing valuable new options for the hemophilia community that address the needs of patients around the world."
Hemophilia A is a genetic disorder caused by certain missing or defective clotting agents in the blood. About 20,000 Americans suffer from the disorder, according to the National Hemophilia Foundation.
In August, the Deerfield-based company said the drug met its primary goal in a late-stage clinical study. The primary goal of the clinical trial was to show that the drug reduces bleeding rates in patients who are administered the drug on a preventive basis versus on-demand treatment.
Baxter, said when the drug is issued twice weekly on a preventive basis, annualized bleed rates were reduced by 95 percent.
The company is recruiting patients for a late-stage clinical trial to test the drug in children ages 12 and younger.
Also Monday, Pfizer said it has completed the $635 million acquisition of Baxter's commercial vaccines business.
Baxter shares fell slightly during morning trading.

Cook County sues Wells Fargo over lendingcook county sues wells fargo over lending
Oil Drops  Harold Hamm Loses $10 Billionoil drops  harold hamm loses $10 billion
http://usat.ly/11JQAgTApple stock deletes $22.6B in one day!
By: Matt Krantz December 1, 2014 12:05 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Getty
Apple (AAPL) stock was supposed to completely destroy every retailer in its path this holiday season. But Apple is the one getting crushed Monday.
Shares of the gadget maker Monday closed down $3.86, or 3.3%, to $115.07. That might not sound like much of a decline, but when you’re talking about a stock worth upwards of $700 billion, it’s enormous. Investors lost $22.6 billion in stock value in one day.
The big drop in Apple’s value comes amid talk that the company might be the first to reach the $1 trillion valuation . Apple bulls think the stock can only go higher and that the laws of competition won’t apply, allowing the company to continue to charge $650 or more for smartphones even as competition heats up and new models of phones are increasingly comparable to the last.
It’s hard to decide why the stock is acting so badly during a time that all the bulls say it’s rocking. Here are three possible theories:
1. Cooling off after a meltup. Apple is the stock that everyone wants to talk about and own. There’s been such a pile on into the shares that the stock is up more than 40% this year — an enormous move for a stock this size. Given the magnitude of the move higher, it’s only natural to expect a decline.
2. Blasting past analysts targets. Apple’s stock is moving so fast that analysts’ 18-month targets keep melting away. Last week, the 18-month price target on Apple’s stock was $118 a share — creating an invisible ceiling for the stock. Analysts have since pushed their targets up higher to $120.31, says S&P Capital IQ, but the $118 level is still burned into some investors’ minds as a possible ceiling.
APPLE KEEPS BLOWING PAST ANALYSTS 18-MONTH PRICE TARGETS
Date

http://usat.ly/12gc5XMMonthly Markets Checkup: 6 things for December
USA TODAY Special Report 11 a.m. EST December 2, 2014
Video Keywords Dow Jones Industrial Average Federal Reserve Alabama FaceBook
Santa Claus is not something you associate with the stock market, but that’s exactly one of the things on investors’ minds as we head into December. Video by Jason Allen and Kaveh Rezaei
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:05  You might not associate Santa Claus with a stock market
00:08  that Walsh Richard does. I'm John Wagoner and this is America's
00:11  markets. December's the second month and historically strong period for stocks
00:16  and the second best month for Dow Jones Industrial Average the
00:19  past half century. It's also in the Santa Claus rally takes
00:22  place this seven sessions spurt that begins at the end of
00:25  December has delivered gains every year since 2009. Even though the
00:30  market is already racked up an impressive performances at record levels.
00:33  Odds are good for the rally to continue because the Federal
00:36  Reserve isn't likely to change its easy many ways until wages
00:39  pick up. Something that's not gonna happen for awhile. If recent
00:43  patterns persist home builders will be one of the best performing
00:46  industry sectors as 2014 closes out. And small company stocks could
00:51  prosper as investors try to get ahead of the group's traditional
00:54  January rally. Technology stocks which offense sputter about now. Could bucked
00:59  that trend thanks momentum in big games like apple and FaceBook
01:02  and the lingering buzz from the initial public offerings of the
01:05  likes of Alabama and go pro. Exchange traded funds that invest
01:09  in retailers offer way to play. Important shopping season trends this
01:13  year but if you're thinking about buying and mutual fund this
01:15  month think again he's also get hit with an unnecessary tax
Santa Claus and Nia Sanchez, Miss USA 2014,  visit the trading floor after participating in opening bell ceremonies of the New York Stock Exchange Nov. 26.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
15 CONNECT 42 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Santa Claus is not something you typically associate with the stock market. But the bearded fellow is one of the things on investors' minds as we head into December.
The month has several factors weighing in the stock market's favor. It is the second month in a historically strong period for stocks and the second-best month for Dow Jones industrial average the past half century.
It's also when what is known as the Santa Claus Rally takes place. This seven-session spurt that begins at the end of December has delivered gains every year since 2009.
Even though the market has already racked up an impressive performance in 2014 and is at record levels, odds are good for the rally to continue because the Federal Reserve isn't likely to change its easy money ways, at least not for a while.
If past patterns persist, home builders will be one of the best-performing industry sectors as 2014 closes out. Small-company stocks could prosper as investors try to get in ahead of the group's traditional January rally. Technology stocks, which often sputter about now, could buck that trend thanks to momentum in big names such as Apple and Facebook, and the lingering buzz from the successful initial public offerings of the likes of Alibaba and GoPro.
Exchange-traded funds that invest in retailers offer a way to play the most important shopping season of the year. But if you're thinking about buying a mutual fund this month, think again, because you will also get an unnecessary tax bill.
Here are six things investors need to know for December:
1. 'Tis the season for stocks. The Dow has gained 1.6% on average in December, posting gains nearly 70% of the time, says Bespoke Investment Group. The market has a strong tailwind.
Trish Regan, anchor and editor-at-large for Bloomberg TV.
(Photo: File)
If prices at the gas pump remain low and consumers stay in a buying mood around the all-important holiday shopping season, there's a strong chance Santa will deliver gains this month.

Kharge protests selection of Mishra as Lok Sabha secretary-generalBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 1:12 am
Senior Uttar Pradesh-cadre IAS officer Anoop Mishra took over as Lok Sabha Secretary-General on Monday amid a strong protest by Congress floor leader Mallikarjun Kharge, who argued that the procedure laid for the purpose was not followed and officers belonging to the Lok Sabha Secretariat were ignored.
As soon as Speaker Sumitra Mahajan made the announcement of Mishra’s appointment, Kharge got up to register his protest. Carefully packaging his view to avoid questioning either the decision of the Speaker or merits of Mishra, Kharge pointed out that she had not sought his opinion on the matter, even though he leads the single largest party in the Opposition. “You are supreme and you can take any decision,” Kharge told Mahajan, adding that “whatever you say, we would all accept and that would ultimately prevail too.” He said in accordance with rules, precedents and convention, the appointment of the secretary-general “is made after consultations among the Speaker, the Leader of the House and the Leader of Opposition”. Kharge said the Speaker might argue that in the present situation, when she had not recognised anybody as the Leader of Opposition, there was no need for consultations with him. He, however, pointed out that six laws had been recently amended to obtain the opinions of the single largest opposition party (on making appointments to important posts).

More Muslims will get BJP tickets to contest in Bihar: ex-deputyCMWritten by Santosh Singh | Patna |
Posted: December 2, 2014 1:09 am
Even as former Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar attacked Prime Minister Narendra Modi for going back on his promise of granting special category status to the state, the Bihar BJP has said it will give more tickets to Muslims in the upcoming assembly elections.
BJP Legislature Party leader and former deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said, “Opposition parties have been getting nervous with Muslims warming up to BJP. The party has given tickets to over 20 Muslims in Jammu and Kashmir and quite a few Muslims have joined the party recently. We will ensure Muslims in coming  polls”. He was speaking at a function on Sunday.
Sushil Modi said it was a myth that Muslims did not vote for the saffron party. “In fact, BJP shared equal credit with the JD(U) while starting schemes such as fencing of cemeteries. Ever since NDA split, JD(U) government has slowed down on this scheme and could not spend allotted Rs 40 crore in a year,” he said.

Jaya  Sasikala pay Rs 2 crore fine for closure of 4 I-TcasesWritten by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai |
Posted: December 2, 2014 1:07 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 9:19 am
With the Centre’s decision to facilitate the settlement of a set of tax cases against AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa and her confidante Sasikala, the duo paid a sum of Rs 2 crore for the four income-tax cases against them on Monday. The government informed the metropolitan court in Chennai, which was trying the economic offences, about the payment of the fine. Final order from the department of revenue is awaited to close the case.
The Indian Express reported the Law Ministry’s opinion last week concluding that the “discretionary powers” vested with the concerned chief commissioner of the revenue department may be exercised to settle the case.
The cases were registered after Jayalalithaa, Sasikala and their company — Sasi Enterprises — had failed to file I-T returns from 1993-94 and 1996-97. The Centre had facilitated the settlement by compounding the cases after the Supreme Court had asked the department to wrap up their probe by the end of 2014.
The only legal hurdle to prevent the settlement would be if they are linked to any anti-national or terrorist activities or are being investigated by the CBI or Enforcement Directorate. However, the Law Ministry had clarified that no such clauses were applicable against Jayalalithaa and her associates.

Winter session: From thegalleryWritten by Vijaita Singh | New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 1:04 am
Please ask something about Madhya Pradesh now.
Sumitra Mahajan,
Lok Sabha Speaker, to Congress leader Jyotiraditya Scindia while calling his name during Question Hour. Before Scindia, MPs were asking questions mostly related to lack of railway facilities in Uttar Pradesh.
This is height of indiscipline. Irresponsible behaviour and unbecoming of a parliamentarian.
P J Kurien, Rajya Sabha Deputy Chairman, to MPs from SP and Congress who created ruckus leading to the House being adjourned for five minutes over cotton and paddy farmers reportedly getting a raw deal from the Centre.
5 questions: Neeraj Shekhar, Samajwadi Party
On being asked to vacate his 3, South Avenue house in New Delhi. He took oath as Rajya Sabha member recently. The house belongs to the Lok Sabha pool
Why did you decide to raise the issue of your eviction in Parliament?
I have been staying in this house since 1967, my father — former prime minister  Chandrashekhar — had lived here. When I lost the Lok Sabha election I was served an eviction notice for which I bought time and even went to the quasi judicial body to appeal. In the meantime I was elected from UP for Rajya Sabha. This house ideally should be turned into a memorial but since this was not possible I asked them to let me stay here.
Why can’t you shift… the house is a government property?
I never built any house in Delhi and this is the only accommodation I have. They tell me the Type VII bungalow where I am staying belongs to the Lok Sabha pool, I am still an RS MP, they have to simply transfer it to my name. It is an emotional issue. I am not going to squat here and bring farmers to protest to turn it into a memorial.
Did you inform anybody in the government regarding the eviction notice served to you and the presence of police in your house?
Me and Jaya Bachchanji went and met Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in the House Monday. We have been told the problem will be addressed.
Jaya Bachchan spoke on your behalf in the House leading to its adjournment. Have you written to the Lok Sabha housing committee?
Yes, she raised the matter in the House after she got to know about my plight. They want to give this house to B S Yeddyurappa.
Did you ever write to the previous UPA government on the matter?
I had written on several occasions to former PM Manmohan Singh and even Congress president Sonia Gandhi requesting them to turn this house into a memorial. But nothing was done. I will also be writing to PM Narendra Modi now. This is anyway a Type VII bungalow and compared to others it does not even have a lawn… what is the problem in giving it to me.

A Cyber Monday look at retail stocksRetailers unplugged on Cyber Monday
By: Matt Krantz December 1, 2014 10:05 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
It’s Cyber Monday — the day you’re supposed to be clicking and shopping. But you couldn’t tell from the faces of investors in many retail stocks today.
The SPDR S&P Retail exchange-traded fund, a basket of dozens of big retailers’ shares, is down $0.75, or 0.8%, to $92.71 Monday on widespread reports that Black Friday wasn’t as robust as investors hoped. And now with Cyber Monday kicking off — investors are wondering if this biggest day for online shopping might not measure up.
Eyes are closely affixed on online shopping leader Amazon.com (AMZN) , which so far is up $1.03, or 0.3% to $334.64 today. Seeing the industry leader up gives investors hope that retailers might be able to pull it out.
But overall, retail is not a great sector today which is disappointing coming off of Black Friday and going into Cyber Monday. The biggest retail stock loser among the broad Russell 1000 index Monday is struggling department store J.C. Penney (JCP) . Shares are down 2.4%. And rival Kohl’s (KSS) isn’t doing much better, falling 1.7%.
If there’s any big bright sign it’s Wal-Mart, which by all signs is faring well so far during the holiday season. Shares are up $1.26, or 1.5%, to $86.25.

Check it out: a printer that cooks baconThis Bacon Printer May Be the Tastiest Hack Ever
We've seen the future, and it is... printed bacon.
Tyler Wells Lynch
December 01, 2014
A hackerspace in Minnesota has come up with the idea of the century, and of course it involves bacon.
You might be familiar with the old meme "Push button, receive bacon." No? Well, here's the rundown: The graphic instructions on some hand dryers make the device look like some kind of magical bacon dispenser, so the crew at The Rabbit Hole decided to take that idea and make it a reality.
Okay, so the bacon printer they developed is actually pretty far from reality for consumers, but the concept is impressively mouth-watering.
The rest of us will just have to wait and see if humanity is ready for a bacon printer.
So how does it work? Well, instead of 3D-printing strips of bacon, these hackers disassembled a basic inkjet printer and reconfigured the fuser to work as a heating element—one hot enough to cook bacon. The strips of meat are manually fed through the fuser, and as they’re processed they’re exposed to super-high temperatures of 400–450°F.
That’s not quite hot enough to cook bacon on a single pass, so you have to cycle the bacon through a few times to properly cook it to taste. But as a proof-of-concept? It's looking pretty tasty.
The team entered the bacon printer into this year's The Deconstruction "un-competition," where it was a big hit. The rest of us will just have to wait and see if humanity is ready for a bacon printer.
(Skip to about 2:25 in the video below to see the "printer" in action.)

http://bit.ly/1wdPS97This Bacon Printer May Be the Tastiest Hack Ever
We've seen the future, and it is... printed bacon.
Tyler Wells Lynch
December 01, 2014
A hackerspace in Minnesota has come up with the idea of the century, and of course it involves bacon.
You might be familiar with the old meme "Push button, receive bacon." No? Well, here's the rundown: The graphic instructions on some hand dryers make the device look like some kind of magical bacon dispenser, so the crew at The Rabbit Hole decided to take that idea and make it a reality.
Okay, so the bacon printer they developed is actually pretty far from reality for consumers, but the concept is impressively mouth-watering.
The rest of us will just have to wait and see if humanity is ready for a bacon printer.
So how does it work? Well, instead of 3D-printing strips of bacon, these hackers disassembled a basic inkjet printer and reconfigured the fuser to work as a heating element—one hot enough to cook bacon. The strips of meat are manually fed through the fuser, and as they’re processed they’re exposed to super-high temperatures of 400–450°F.
That’s not quite hot enough to cook bacon on a single pass, so you have to cycle the bacon through a few times to properly cook it to taste. But as a proof-of-concept? It's looking pretty tasty.
The team entered the bacon printer into this year's The Deconstruction "un-competition," where it was a big hit. The rest of us will just have to wait and see if humanity is ready for a bacon printer.
(Skip to about 2:25 in the video below to see the "printer" in action.)

President Obama Holds Ferguson Meeting at White HouseHELP
[{"id":14476486,"hedshort":"Live Report - Officials Give Update on Hunt for...","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DEVELOPING_NOW_2_1280X720_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"Live Report - Officials Give Update on Hunt for Pennsylvania Shooting Suspect","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DEVELOPING_NOW_2_1280X720_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"White House Press Briefing","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_WHITE_HOUSE_3_1280X720_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"White House Press Briefing","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_WHITE_HOUSE_3_1280X720_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":15048938,"hedshort":"(Raw) Officials Give Update on Pennsylvania Manhunt...","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DEVELOPING_NOW_2_1280X720_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"(Raw) Officials Give Update on Pennsylvania Manhunt for Bradley William Stone","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DEVELOPING_NOW_2_1280X720_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":14519615,"hedshort":"Dow Jones Industrial Average","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DOW_JONES_LIVE_1280X720_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"Dow Jones Industrial Average","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DOW_JONES_LIVE_1280X720_16x9_608.jpg"}]

Govt rejects Vijay Mallya as Kingfisher Airlines directorGovt rejects Vijay Mallya as Kingfisher Airlines director
Putin Says Russia Will Abandon South Stream PipelinePutin Says Russia Will Abandon South Stream Pipeline
50 stations to be outsourced for cleanliness: Official50 stations to be outsourced for cleanliness: Official
Sensex Nifty retreat from record highs ahead of RBI policySensex Nifty retreat from record highs ahead of RBI policy
How Modi brought BJP around on India-Bangladesh land dealHow Modi brought BJP around on India-Bangladesh land deal
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 02, 2014 12:46 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, at Guwahati, on Sunday, attempted a tricky tightrope walk. He told Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) workers at a public meeting that the Land Boundary Agreement with Bangladesh, which the local Assam unit of the party had opposed in 2011, is beneficial for the country.
At the same time, he promised to address the problem of illegal Bangladeshi immigrants of the state.
Modi has tried to put national interest over the electoral interests of his party in not just Assam but also the neighbouring West Bengal. The assessment is that the BJP's commitment to address another emotive problem of Assam and Bengal, that of the illegal immigration from Bangladesh, will help the party overcome any political setback it might suffer because of pushing for the agreement.
Modi has tried to bring the BJP leadership in Assam on board on the issue, while the party is likely to "expose aggressively" the ruling Congress in Assam and Trinamool Congress in West Bengal "protecting infiltrators from Bangladesh". This balancing act is a key to the BJP for doing well in the Assembly elections in Assam and West Bengal, likely to be held in mid-2016.
The agreement, which requires Parliamentary ratification, was introduced in the Rajya Sabha as the 119th amendment in 2011, aims at exchange of enclaves between India and Bangladesh to resolve messy border issue. It was signed between Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and counterpart Hasina in Dhaka in September 2011. The agreement was reached at after detailed surveys. India, as part of the agreement, would hand over control of 111 enclaves amounting to 17,160 acres and get from Bangladesh 57 enclaves across 7,110 acres. These enclaves are in Assam and Bengal.
It is this allegedly “unequal” exchange of territories that the Trinamool and Assam Gana Parishad made a political issue that forced the then government to postpone a vote on the Bill, which being a constitutional amendment requires a two-thirds majority in the two Houses of Parliament. The local units of the BJP in both Assam and Bengal were also opposed, although the central leadership of the BJP was non-committal on opposition to the Bill.
On Sunday, Modi indicated that his government is likely to push for the passage of the 119th amendment of the Constitution. Both AGP and Trinamool will try rake it up again as "surrender" of the interests of Assam and Bengal, and it will be up to the Modi-led BJP to counter this propaganda in the run-up to the 2016 Assembly elections in the two states.

Relay strike by bank unions to hit transactionsRelay strike by bank unions to hit transactions
Gireesh Babu | Chennai Dec 02, 2014 12:47 AM IST
Bank transactions in various parts of the country are likely to be affected between Tuesday and Friday of the relay zonal strike by the United Forum of Bank Unions and National Union of Bank Employees demanding wage revision.
Many banks have informed the exchanges that the unions have served notice for the strike.
According to the notice, the southern zone - Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Telangana and the Union territories of Lakshadweep and Puducherry - will see the strike on Tuesday. The strike will be on December 3 in the northern zone comprising Chhattisgarh, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu & Kashmir, Madhya Pradesh, New Delhi, Punjab, Uttar Pradesh, Uttaranchal, Rajasthan and the Union territory of Chandigarh.
On December 4, the unions will strike in the eastern zone consisting of Bihar, Jharkhand, Odisha, Sikkim, West Bengal, Northeastern states and the Union Territory of Andaman and Nicobar Islands. And on December 5, the strike will be held in the western zone consisting of Goa, Gujarat, Maharashtra and the Union territory of Daman and Diu.
Public sector bank employees have been calling for a wage revision from November 2012, according to C H Venkatachalam, general secretary of All India Bank Employees Association.
Talks with the Indian Banks' Association (IBA) have not been successful even though the Unions have been conducting strikes over the years.
IBA in a statement said while it was keen on an early settlement of wage negotiations, the unions were demanding unaffordable wage hike but were stonewalling suggestions to improve productivity and profitability.  It also termed the relay zonal strike programme as “unreasonable, unethical and unwarranted”. It appealed the unisons to “give up the agitational path and return to the negotiating table”.

Congress brands Modi-led govt as  U-turn sarkaarCongress brands Modi-led govt as 'U-turn sarkaar'
Kavita Chowdhury | New Delhi Dec 02, 2014 12:45 AM IST
The Congress seems to be mocking the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)’s general-election slogan, Abki baar, Modi Sarkar (This time round, Narendra Modi government). It has released a booklet on the central government’s performance in its first six months. Its title: Chhe Maheene Paar, U-Turn Sarkar (Six months through, the government does a U-turn).
Accusing the 180-day government of having gone back on 25 of its election promises, the Congress has demanded accountability, claiming the BJP has indulged in “white lie” to come to power.
The Congress’ communication chief, Ajay Maken, said: “This government came to power by making ‘false promises and baseless allegations. However, six months later, the Modi government stands out for three simple characteristics — U-turn on promises, re-naming of and plagiarising the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) programmes, and schemes and decisions that involve selling out public/national interests for the benefit of friendly corporate houses.”
Maken accused the government of making U-turns on every issue — from unaccounted (black) money to agreeing on a land-swap deal with Bangladesh, an issue on which the BJP, then in Opposition, had stonewalled UPA’s efforts. Maken said: “As Opposition, the BJP’s only role had been opposing for the sake of opposing and politicising issues. Now, the contradiction comes. It sees the same plans as beneficial for the country.”
In its booklet, the Congress put together speeches, tweets and statements of BJP leaders like Modi, Arun Jaitley and Rajnath Singh and juxtaposed those with their present stand on issues, to reveal there were U-turns. Highlighting his tweets through screenshots, the Congress held up for scrutiny Modi’s “doublespeak” on issues like Chinese incursions.
From criticising the UPA-led government at the Centre for inaction, Modi had tweeted on August 5, 2013: “When will the Centre wake up?” On this, Maken listed the repeated incursions during the present Modi regime, the most daring when the Chinese premier was visiting India and the Chinese soldiers had moved into the Indian territory. Maken said: “Modiji, please wake up.” He recalled the Vajpayee government was named rollback sarkar.
Citing instances from issues such as black money, India-Pakistan relations, the Insurance Bill, the disclosure of the Henderson Brooks–Bhagat Report on the 1962 war, the Comptroller & Auditor General, the rail fare rise, the increase in the minimum support price for farmers, the cleansing Parliament of criminals, the diesel de-regulation, the Article 370 and holding Delhi elections, the Congress said the BJP story was an account of lies and deception.
BJP had routinely indulged in political double speak even after coming to power — it first called the NCP a Nationally Corrupt Party and then accepted its support in Maharashtra; it also went back on its stand on separatists in the Valley for electoral gains — the Congress alleged.
Eminent lawyers in BJP, such as Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, drew special criticism from the Congress. It said Jaitley attacked UPA in his blog post when arguing on issues like his demand for making the Henderson Brooks report public, but he claimed it “would not be in national interest” soon after assuming office. Subsequently, he deleted the earlier blog post. Congress highlighted how BJP leaders were changing their stand in true ‘lawyer’ style. Jaitley had in his election campaigns also promised to raise the income-tax ceiling to Rs five lakh but raised it to only Rs 2.5 lakh on becoming the finance minister.
Maken warned that the BJP government should not forget promises it had made to people before coming to power.

India  Japan spar over higher intellectual property standardsIndia, Japan spar over higher intellectual property standards
Nayanima Basu |  Dec 02, 2014 12:45 AM IST
India and Japan locked horns over a higher standard in intellectual property rights (IPR), with a special focus on the pharmaceutical sector, at the negotiations for a Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership  (RCEP). Japan, also a key participant in the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) agreement, is pushing for “extremely stringent standards” for IPR, which are higher than the limit set under global trading rules, officials told Business Standard.
India is hosting the RCEP negotiations, which started here on Monday, for the first time. The aim is to increase services exports in partner countries by getting greater market access.
Apparently, Japan has said that in order for the talks to progress it wants all negotiations to be based on the so-called “platinum” standards. In other words, talks on liberalising trade in goods, services and investment will have to be on far more stringent principles.
However, India has said such a move will virtually stifle any possibilities of emerging countries competing with the richer and developed countries.
RCEP is being negotiated between the 10-member Asean (Association of Southeast Asian Nations) countries and Australia, China, India, Japan, South Korea and New Zealand.
India also came under severe pressure from countries like China and Australia to substantially reduce tariffs on agricultural products and industrial goods in order to gain more market access.
Ever since the talks began between all 16 countries in May 2013, India had been accused of dragging the talks. Indian industry is also not much upbeat about RCEP. This is because if RCEP has to be successful than India will have to establish a free trading arrangement with all members countries, including China.
“The textile and footwear lobbies here are leaving no stone unturned to oppose the deal. So basically the Indian industry has proved to be the biggest obstacle in this,” said a trade negotiator from Australia who refused to be named.
Japan had been also critical of India’s reluctance to push the talks. It was also upset when India skipped the last round of talks that were held in Myanmar in August.
The talks, which are taking place in Greater Noida, an industrial hub near New Delhi also witnessed massive protests by farmer groups and NGOs today resisting tariff liberalization and increasing standards. Some even demanded stalling the talks altogether.
The government had to change the venue for talks at the last minute in order to preempt protests from various farmer groups and civil societies. Besides, the government faced a severe space crunch with over 12,000 delegates come down for the talks.
“This government is merely following the free trade path laid out by the UPA regime. The commerce minister had said that the government will conduct a review of all FTAs (free trade agreements). But it has not come out with any socioeconomic impact assessment of FTAs,” said Afsar Jafri of Focus on the Global South, a Thailand-based NGO.
Jafri said all negotiations are kept secret, away from public scrutiny. “Every decision taken at these secret negotiations will affect peoples’ lives. We want transparency in trade negotiations,” he said.

Arjun Rampal s ten best rolesCelebrity
Birthday Special: 10 Best Roles Of Arjun Rampal
The handsome hunk of Bollywood Arjun Rampal turns 42 this November. The actor was in news recently for his controversies, however today this actor who has given us some amazing movies and some impactful roles celebrates his birthday.

Thanksgiving weekend sales down 11.3%  and Cyber Monday looks weak tooCyber Monday growth slows after retail sales fell Thanksgiving weekend
Caption Family support
E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune
Vicky Navarra (center) and her cousin Sophia Navarra of the Detroit area do some Black Friday shopping at the Fashion Outlets of Chicago in Rosemont, Ill.
Vicky Navarra (center) and her cousin Sophia Navarra of the Detroit area do some Black Friday shopping at the Fashion Outlets of Chicago in Rosemont, Ill. (E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune)
Caption In pursuit of deals
E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune
Black Friday shoppers pursue deals at the Fashion Outlets of Chicago in Rosemont, Ill.
Black Friday shoppers pursue deals at the Fashion Outlets of Chicago in Rosemont, Ill. (E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Pile of boots
Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune
Lena McCarthy, 80, of Chicago searches for black boots in her size on Friday at JCPenny in the North Riverside Mall.
Lena McCarthy, 80, of Chicago searches for black boots in her size on Friday at JCPenny in the North Riverside Mall. (Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Kermit
Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune
Black Friday shopper Luzy Dale, center, of Berwyn buys a Kermit doll for herself at JCPenny in the North Riverside Mall, Chicago, on Friday.
Black Friday shopper Luzy Dale, center, of Berwyn buys a Kermit doll for herself at JCPenny in the North Riverside Mall, Chicago, on Friday. (Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Holiday antlers
Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune
JC Penney support specialist Antonio Barrios, 20, straightens merchandise at JCPenny in the North Riverside Mall on Friday.
JC Penney support specialist Antonio Barrios, 20, straightens merchandise at JCPenny in the North Riverside Mall on Friday. (Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune)
More shoppers opted to stay put for holiday, survey shows.
Cyber Monday has been undercut too, retail group says.
Despite Black Friday lag, National Retail Federation expects growth for the full holiday sales season.
Online sales on what has become known as Cyber Monday were 8.7 percent higher than last year as of 2 p.m., according to IBM Digital Analytics. But the increase is far short of the 21 percent yearly growth seen last year.
8
The smaller pace of growth Monday follows a drop in retail sales over the Thanksgiving weekend.
Total spending fell an estimated 11.3 percent over the weekend compared with last year, as fewer people hit the stores and those who did shelled out less money, the National Retail Federation said Sunday.
Shopping centers fighting the rise of online retailers are unpacking a bag of tricks this holiday season to keep customers coming through the doors. ( Shan Li )
The retail trade group attributed the drop in large part to retailers starting their promotions earlier in the season.
"While (consumers) are more optimistic about the economy and have more to spend, I still think they're very cautious and looking for deals," federation president and CEO Matthew Shay said in a Sunday conference call. "And if the deals aren't right for them, they're not going to spend."
cComments
Do their Black Friday figures include the figures from Thursday? I find it sad that most stores opened at 5 pm or 6 pm on Thursday. It was bad enough when retailers opened at midnight a few years ago. Then it became 10 pm. Now it's 5 pm? Ridiculous. "Hold on kids, we aren't...
Evan Montgomery
39
The number of individuals who shopped in stores or online from Thanksgiving Day through Sunday fell 5.2 percent to 133.7 million, from 141.1 million last year, falling short of expectations that turnout would be flat, according to a survey commissioned by the retail group. Total shopping visits, which includes multiple trips by the same shoppers, also was down, to 233.3 million visits compared with 248.6 million last year.
People spent less too — an average of $380.95 per person, down 6.4 percent from last year. Total spending for the weekend is expected to drop to $50.9 billion, down from last year's $57.4 billion.
That trend was true for online shopping as well. Though 42 percent of budgets were spent online, the average online order value of $159.55 was down 10 percent from last year.
When Cyber Monday is complete, the federation expects slightly fewer people to have shopped online this year — 126.9 million compared with 131.6 million last year.
Still, the federation is holding fast to its prediction that holiday sales will grow 4.1 percent to $616.9 billion, an improvement over last year, when holiday revenues grew 3.1 percent.
"We still feel that the macro conditions are positive," Shay said. That includes low gas prices, which leave people with more cash in their wallets.
Most shopping happened in department stores, and the majority of shoppers bought apparel, followed by toys and electronics.
Shay said retailers are geared up for a "dogfight" for the rest of the holiday season.
"Every day is going to be Black Friday, every minute is going to be Cyber Monday. You can't let up for a minute because of the competitive nature that is out there," Shay said.

LPG rate cut by Rs. 113  jet fuel prices by 4.1 p.c.New Delhi, December 1, 2014
Updated: December 1, 2014 20:44 IST
LPG rate cut by Rs 113, jet fuel prices by 4.1 pc
Yuthika Bhargava
Tweet
The Hindu
Price of non-subsidised cooking gas (LPG) was on Monday cut by a steep Rs. 113 per cylinder and that of jet fuel (ATF) by 4.1 per cent as international oil rates slumped to multi-year lows. File photo
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
The price of non-subsidised cooking gas (LPG) was on Monday cut by a sharp Rs 113 per cylinder and that of jet fuel (ATF) by 4.1 per cent on the back of slump in international oil rates.
This is the fifth straight reduction in rates of non-subsidised LPG, which the customers buy after exhausting their quota of 12 cylinders at subsidised rates, since August.
A 14.2-kg cylinder of non-subsidised LPG will now cost Rs 752 in Delhi, Rs 791 in Kolkata, Rs 770.50 and Mumbai and Rs 749.50 in Chennai.
The price in Delhi was cut from Rs 922.50 in July 2014, to Rs 920 in August and then again to Rs 901 in September. In two separate cuts in October the price was reduced first to Rs 880 and then to Rs 883. The last cut before Monday’s was in November when the price was dropped to Rs 865.
Likewise, the price of aviation turbine fuel (ATF), or jet fuel, at Delhi was cut by Rs 2,594.93 per kilolitre, or 4.1 per cent, to Rs 59,943 per kl. This is the fifth straight monthly reduction in rates. This reduction follows a steep 7.3 per cent or Rs 4,987.7 per kl, cut in prices on November 1.
In Mumbai, jet fuel will cost Rs 61,695 per kl from Monday. The rates vary because of differences in local sales tax or VAT.
Global crude prices are close to levels last seen in 2009, when the global economy was gripped by its worst slump since the 1930s. Continuing its downward trend, Brent Crude fell 1.7 per cent on Monday morning to USD 68.40 a barrel or 40 per cent below its peak in June.

http://usat.ly/1y0kKFFFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Fewer people expected to shop Cyber Monday
Taking advantage of earlier and longer promotions this season, fewer shoppers were in stores or purchasing online over the holiday weekend compared with last year, a trend that's expected to continue into Cyber Monday.
Post to Facebook
Fewer people expected to shop Cyber Monday Taking advantage of earlier and longer promotions this season, fewer shoppers were in stores or purchasing online over the holiday weekend compared with last year, a trend that's expected to continue into Cyber Monday. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1y0kKFF
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
22
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Fewer people expected to shop Cyber Monday
Hadley Malcolm , USA TODAY 11:35 a.m. EST December 1, 2014
Video Keywords National Retail Federation Black Friday The National Retail Federation online sales holiday shopping season
The deals may be better than ever this shopping holiday, but shoppers are less inclined to chase them. USA TODAY's Desair Brown examines this new trend. (USA NOW, USA TODAY)
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  The deals are better than ever this Cyber Monday but
00:06  where aren't the shoppers. I'm to their brown for USA now
00:10  from Monday December 1 2014. If you've already taken advantage of
00:15  early bird deals this holiday shopping season you're not lung. With
00:19  Black Friday promotions starting a week early it's begin to look
00:23  a lot like every day is Black Friday or Cyber Monday.
00:27  Shoppers are feeling less inclined to chase deals. That could explain
00:32  why fewer people shopping stores this weekend instead they used their
00:36  tablets and phones to find deals. In fact retail data shows
00:40  online sales were up on Thanksgiving. As for Cyber Monday according
00:45  to The National Retail Federation about 127. Million people are expected
00:50  to shop online today. That's down from 131. Million who planned
00:55  to shop online last year. But what he's breaking for sales
00:59  while at work Cyber Monday is still the most wonderful time
01:03  of the year for retailers online. There may be Lashoff first
01:07  but is still expected to rake in the best online sales
01:10  for the season. And if you happen to be surfing for
01:14  door busters speed got you covered on the best deals. From
01:17  soda makers to TVs thick comforter sets at USA today dot
Fewer people are expected to shop online for Cyber Monday compared to 2013, according to National Retail Federation.
(Photo: Scott Olson, Getty Images)
773 CONNECT 283 TWEET 82 LINKEDIN 22 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Taking advantage of earlier and longer promotions this season, fewer shoppers were in stores or purchasing online over the holiday weekend compared with last year, a trend that's expected to continue into Cyber Monday.
The National Retail Federation expects about 127 million people to shop online Monday, down from about 131 million who planned to shop online last year on Cyber Monday.
NRF CEO Matthew Shay attributes the shift in shopping patterns to the fact that some consumers may feel better about the economy and are less frantic about chasing deals, combined with shoppers recognizing they can get online deals all season long.
Black Friday promotions started a week or more earlier in some cases this year and most major retailers offered Black Friday prices both in stores and online over the weekend. Cyber Monday will last multiple days  at retailers including Target, Walmart, Old Navy, Staples, J.C. Penney and Kohl's, all of which started offering deals over the weekend.
Black Friday: Green for retailers
The nature of 24/7 online shopping may be decreasing the need to head to stores for deals, some data show. Besides convenience and avoiding crowds, 77% of online shoppers over the holiday weekend said they went to the Web because they found better or comparable deals, according to data from Consumer Electronics Association.
For the remainder of the season, "every day is going to be Black Friday, every minute is going to be Cyber Monday," Shay says. "(Retailers) can't let up for an instant because of the competitive nature of what's happening out there."
IBM Smarter Commerce, which tracks online sales data for retailers, still expects Cyber Monday to be the peak online shopping day of the year. "Retailers are holding back some inventory and working on new promotions to (entice) consumers to continue to shop Monday and throughout the whole week," says Jay Henderson, director of IBM Smarter Commerce.
Online and mobile shopping soared over Thanksgiving and Black Friday and many retailers already broke online records when shoppers started spending on Thanksgiving.
Cyber Monday tips
Target said it experienced a more than a 40% increase in online orders and sales on Thanksgiving. Walmart had its highest three-day stretch ever of online traffic and orders  from Thanksgiving through Saturday. Overall, Smarter Commerce reported online sales on Thanksgiving were up 14.3% over last year, driven by significant mobile use: smartphones and tablets accounted for more than half of all online traffic Thursday.
Shoppers seek out sale priced socks on Black Friday at Fred Meyer in Roseburg, Ore., Friday Nov. 28, 2014.
(Photo: Michael Sullivan, AP)
That's likely to shift Monday when more people are expected to shop on desktops or laptops while at work, Henderson says.
Walmart hopes it will see more shoppers than last year on Cyber Monday, says Fernando Madeira, CEO of Walmart.com. Cyber Monday was its biggest online shopping day of the year in 2013. This year, it has doubled the number of deals that will be available online, and is offering exclusive promotions on items available for same-day pickup, as well as a round of evening-only deals aimed at people shopping after work.
"We believe we're well positioned to capture the traffic," Madeira says. "We expect more momentum."
Overall, fewer people shopped in stores and online over the holiday weekend, according to NRF. Traffic was down 5.2% from 2013 and total spending was expected to reach $50.9 billion by Sunday, down from $57.4 billion estimated for the same period last year.
"Shoppers have changed the way they view exclusive deals," Shay says. "They have this expectation that it's going to be there all the time."
An enormous crowd flooded into Macy's Herald Square Thursday night in what was likely a record shopping night for the store. CEO Terry Lundgren estimated more than 15,000 people showed up at the historic flagship store. VPC
773 CONNECT 283 TWEET 82 LINKEDIN 22 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1y0kKFF
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer still on the run | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

In Star Wars  politics is always personalBy Alyssa Rosenberg December 1 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
(Benoit Tessier/Reuters)
Since the first trailer for “Star Wars: The Force Awakens” came out over the Thanksgiving weekend, fans have debated literally everything in and about the short clip, from the racial composition of the Imperial Navy  to the utility of crossguards on a lightsaber (a subject on which The Post is officially split ). And while we are all reading things into these precious seconds of footage at this point, I found myself just as excited by the image of a frightened, sweating man sitting up and looking around the waste in which he is marooned as I was by the sight of the Millennium Falcon soaring skyward.
In the “Star Wars” universe, politics, even on the highest level, is almost always a personal affair. Palpatine pursues democratic power and then dictatorship because of his own belief in his abilities, and because his private devotion to the Sith, which in George Lucas’s films is essentially a cultic religion. Darth Vader has a similar absolute faith in the Emperor’s power. His opposition to the Rebellion is rooted not in a political program or philosophical differences, but in a distaste for disorder and anything that challenges Palpatine’s reign.
In his original trilogy, Lucas is similarly focused on individuals who join the Rebellion and personify the Empire, rather than in explaining the grand strategy of either side. Mon Mothma, a Galactic Senator-turned-Rebellion leader and eventual Chief of State of the New Republic, appears mostly in the backgrounds of scenes and in briefings. Grand Moff Tarkin and other Imperial officials talk about tactics and technology rather than about their political visions.
Princess Leia may be the series’ most committed revolutionary, but we know essentially nothing about what she believes in other than freedom from Imperial tyranny and the idea that blowing up other people’s home planets is not attractive behavior. Han Solo gets in on the action for the cash and stays for the kisses and a restored sense of personal honor. Luke Skywalker first hungers for adventure, then for revenge and finally craves balance. Lando Calrissian’s quasi-libertarian approach to running the Cloud City mining colony without attracting the attention and oversight of either the Empire or the Rebellion is the closest thing we get to a character arguing that there is a best way to run institutions.
Discussions of Lucas’s prequel movies tend to focus on the dreadful acting and racist foolishness therein, but they are also the movies where Lucas tried to develop actual political factions and positions. And even though he failed, there are a lot of interesting things going on in his creations.
In the Trade Federation, we get a vision of corporate leaders as small-minded and easy to manipulate. General Grievous, a cyborg with formidable lightsaber skills, represents the uneasy melding of man and machine that is in opposition to the Force. He also reminds us that even in a universe that recognizes many kinds of beings as sentient and intelligence, there are still bound to be clashes between people who see themselves as superior and those they understand to be lesser.
And the Star Wars Expanded Universe  succeeded where Lucas proved himself so clumsy. In novels, games and spin-off television shows, we got a sense of how hard it is to build a coalition government, the cultures of politically independent systems like Corellia, the codes of traders and smugglers who operate beyond the reach of any government, and the devastating impacts of powerful economic cartels. We even saw what it would take to reunite the remnants of the Empire with the New Republic when a terrifying new species invaded the galaxy, intending to repurpose inhabited planets for their own use.
These flickerings of political ideas were why I was excited that John Boyega’s face, as a sweaty, lost storm trooper, is the first we see in the trailer for “Episode VII.”
Imperial Storm Troopers have always been formidable in part because of their anonymity, and in the prequel films, we learned that this blankness was in part by design: the first men to wear the white armor in Imperial service were clones. Now, for the first time since those white suits were filled with cloned troops, we are getting a glimpse of a storm trooper as an individual and separated from his colleagues. Whether he was cooked up in the lab or joined the Imperial Navy of his own volition, Boyega’s character is one of our first chances to see why an individual might join the Imperial Navy at the rank and file level — and why he might leave.
By venturing a to a galaxy far, far away, the original “Star Wars” movies managed to shake loose of the allusions to contemporary politics that shape so many fantasy and science fiction movies today. But if the most basic step in a hero’s journey — the decision to leave home – translated to a dusty little foreign planet of George Lucas’s imagining, the most basic question of politics – how to have a better life – can as well. And if J.J. Abrams wants to tell a story about the awakening of an old power and the victory of a new political movement over a sclerotic old system, it is an issue that ought to inform his story and his new characters.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

How David Beats Goliath : A Trial Lawyer s Guide to Financial Managementreddit
Co-authored by Randy Radic
If you don't have experience in the arena of contingent-fee law firms, then you may wonder exactly how they make money if they happen to lose a case. The answer is that they don't. There is no catch with contingent-fee law firms. If they lose the case, they don't get paid. This can be a difficult process for contingent-fee trial lawyers who are trying to make it in a business that's often unforgiving. Indeed, some trial lawyers may wonder how they are going to fund their initial case. What happens in the event of a string of negative outcomes? How do they secure capital for future endeavors without slipping into consistent debt?
In How David Beats Goliath: Access to Capital for Contingent-Fee Law Firms, Michael J. Swanson answers these questions for trial lawyers who work on a contingent basis. He wrote the book with support from his business partner Dan Taussig and his close friend and now literary agent Harlan Schillinger. Since 2000, Swanson has been the CEO of Advocate Capital, Inc. -- a law firm financing agency based in Nashville, Tennessee. In his time at the helm of Advocate Capital, Inc. he learned about the intricacies of law firm financing and the struggles that contingent-fee law firms face.
He also learned that, while trial lawyers have a firm grasp on all things legal, they may be lacking in accounting and financial knowledge. Swanson's background in the law firm financing industry, and his belief in the work that trial lawyers do, spurred him to write the book and publish it in 2011. Trial lawyers around the country owe him a debt of gratitude for doing so.
The book is succinct and clear in its goals. At only 139 pages, it only takes a day or two to finish and it's packed with countless nuggets of financial information that can help contingent-fee law firms stay afloat and thrive. It addresses the major problems that trial lawyers face and how they can go about fixing them. For instance, one of the most apparent issues plaguing trial lawyers is the fact that they have to fund everything for a trial, including videographers, witnesses, and experts without any guarantee of a return on their investment. Even in very winnable cases, trial lawyers may struggle to secure capital that could make winning the case a sure thing.
Before Swanson gets into the nitty-gritty of securing capital, he makes it a point to deliver some accounting knowledge to trial lawyers. Concepts like the "time value" of money, assets, capital, and income statements may be foreign to many contingent-fee law practices. Swanson clearly believes that a well-capitalized law practice is one that has a better chance to improve cash flow.
After the accounting lesson, Swanson talks about the 10 primary sources of funding for contingent-fee law firms. He ranks them from most to least expensive as follows:
1. Fee sharing

German manufacturing PMI revised down to 49.5 in NovemberGerman manufacturing PMI revised down to 49.5 in November
Indian Navy is in the process of a transformationChief of the Naval Staff, Admiral Robin K. Dhowan. File photo: Prashant Nakwe
Interview with the Chief of the Naval Staff Admiral Robin K. Dhowan 
Question: The Navy is on the cusp of a whole new era, with steady infrastructure expansion, augmentation of fleet levels and enhanced induction of personnel. How do you augment the training facilities to cater for the transformation and growth?
Answer: The Indian Navy is in the process of a transformation and that comes in largely from the implementation of our maritime capability perspective plan, which is a long-term plan where we have taken into account as to what the Indian Navy of the future will be. When we make this perspective plan, we actually project ourselves 15 years into the future. What will be the environment prevailing in our neighbourhood, in the Indian Ocean region; what will be the technologies that will be available at that point in time; what you really want the Indian Navy of the future to do; what will be the aspects related to threat perceptions at that point in time; what will be India’s state as a maritime nation and how will our maritime interests grow and hence the requirement of the security umbrella which is to be provided by the Indian Navy.
This, and many more factors we take into account and make a perspective plan. Now, when we start implementing the perspective plan, that’s what I call the phase of a transformation. And currently as you can see we have ships, submarines and aircraft being inducted into the Navy at regular intervals. At the same time, we have gone multidimensional. Last year, we had our first naval satellite Rukmini which has gone up into space. This has ensured that the Navy will have enough operational network footprint in the entire Indian Ocean Region. Along with this, there is a requirement to have the human resources induction, the manpower induction and at the same time development of infrastructure.
The Indian Naval Academy is the cradle where the actual human resources, the officers, are inducted. And since there is a requirement to meet with the induction of platforms, it has to cater for the enhanced rate of growth and enhanced rate of induction. To meet this we have the expansion plan, the need to have enhanced number of cadets to join the Navy. And so you have the phase-II expansion, which will take into account all aspects like the living accommodation, the training facilities, sports, classroom, laboratories – all aspects of academy infrastructure which are essential to give them sound training.
Question: But the Navy, though expanding, has been in the news for all the wrong reasons lately. A spate of accidents has given it a bad name. What are the measures undertaken to ensure that the issues are tided over and quality of operations is attained?
Answer: The Navy is a highly professional service, and one that is technologically very advanced. For every action that needs to be carried out on board our ships submarines and aircraft, we need to follow procedures, the standard operating procedures, safety procedures and the like. And when these procedures are not followed, or not followed with alacrity, there are bound to be room for errors. And, when there is room for errors, accidents do happen.
The other aspect is that the lifespan of a ship or a submarine is nearly 30 to 35 years. Therefore we are bound to have our assets, nearly 50 per cent or so, which would be nearly 20 years old.
When we have older ships, the requirement of maintenance is that much more. And warships are meant to go harm’s way. They carry ammunition, fuel, which is [such] a combination that unless we follow safety procedures, accidents could happen. Therefore when we had these incidents, we took very serious view of that and we instituted safety procedures, safety audits, awareness and a culture of safety so that people are much more careful while operating the ships.
We must be aware that it’s a very difficult task that is performed by our sailors and officers out at sea. It’s not easy to operate in a submarine or on board a ship in rough weather or even normal weather when you have to grapple with so many things. And we need to understand that nobody would like accidents to happen.
It is the aspect related to so much good work that is done and when these get projected in a different manner, they do impact the good work that our sailors and officers are doing -- spending sleepless nights at sea so that our citizens can sleep peacefully. So all measures are being taken to minimise accidents.
Question: How is the issue of material failure being addressed?
Answer: Material failure is an aspect related to maintenance. Maintenance of ships and subs is undertaken by our dockyards. There’s an aspect related to offloading of certain parts of the work. And our aircraft are maintained by our aircraft repair yards. What we have had to ensure is that quality control in these refits is stringently observed. There are many organisations that are required to certify at the end of the refit that they are up to the mark. [These] have been made much more stringent so that from our dockyards, we get quality ships on time.
Question: Diminishing submarine strength has dogged the Navy for some time, but there has been no concrete step to address this. On the proposal for the next line of conventional submarines under P75I, which has been rejuvenated recently, are things moving fast?
Answer: Submarines are a very important part of the naval inventory because they help us realise our task as far as sea denial is concerned in the blue water operations. What we did firstly was to make sure that the operational-cum-refit cycles of our existing submarines was looked at very carefully to see that the operational submarines would be fully operational and combat ready. We are also undertaking an aspect related to their service life extension so that we can give them a longer lease of life—both to the Kilo-class and the SSKs.
Then we took stock of the ongoing submarine construction programme, the P75 Scorpenes, to see that there will be no further delays in their induction schedule. The first submarine will roll out in September 2016 and our intention is to speed up induction of the remaining five in a reasonable period of time. Apart from that, we have INS Chakra on lease, a very potent platform. INS Arihant is being made ready for sea trials. It will go out shortly and we are making all efforts to see that its first sea sortie takes place on completion of harbour trials.
Coming on to P75I, we have put up a proposal [for six conventional submarines] and we have had the first acceptance of necessity by the government with regard to making all the P75I submarines within the country, in Indian shipyards. This proposal is now being processed for approval at various levels and we are hopeful that this will speed up the induction of the Indian submarines.
Question: Now that we have a fully-operational INS Vikramaditya and the Indigenous Aircraft Carrier INS Vikrant getting ready for launch, are you thinking of retiring the old warhorse, INS Viraat?
Answer: We assess the aspect related to service life of a ship based on its material state and also on force-levels. As and when the time for Viraat is appropriate and we have adequate force-levels coming for induction and based on the material state of Viraat that decision will be taken.
Question: The Navy has every reason to be unhappy about the LCA Navy development programme, which has been marred by time overruns and poor pace of development. Does the Navy still need it?
Answer: It is a very important programme for us because INS Vikrant, our first Indigenous Aircraft Carrier under construction at Kochi, will be capable to operate the LCA. So it will be very important for us that the LCA programme is speeded up so that the induction can take place in a time-bound schedule. We have conveyed this to the agencies concerned and are monitoring the progress of this very closely. We hope to start the trials of this at the SBTF [Shore-based Test Facility] in Goa and pave the way for the LCAs to get inducted. Yes, there has been a delay and this is certainly a cause for concern and all efforts are being put in place to see that the progressive trials of the LCA are expedited to get this aircraft inducted.
Question: But are the makers listening and showing signs of improvement?
Answer: The responsibility [to deliver the aircraft] is that of ADA [Aeronautical Development Agency] and the HAL [Hindustan Aeronautics Limited] and we have very high level periodic meetings. We have conveyed to the MoD [Ministry of Defence] and [the Department of] Defence Production our concern over the delay and it is at these high-levels that it is being monitored now.
Question: Is the Navy interested in procuring more ALH [Advanced light Helicopters] Dhruv?
Answer: We need additional ALH for our coastal security requirements. We will need them for shallow water ASW[anti-submarine warfare] requirements. Currently we use them for SAR [search and rescue] and as utility helicopters; that’s what we will be primarily using them for.
Naval aviation as such is at the threshold of major inductions at this point in time. We have inducted the MiG29 K fighter and trainer versions, which are operating from on board INS Vikramaditya. We will have additional aircraft inducted to consolidate their operationalisation process.
For long-range maritime recce, we have inducted six P8-I aircraft, based at INS Rajali [at Arakkonam]and these have been a tremendous boost as far as our long range maritime patrol is concerned because they can operate and carry out surveillance in large areas of the Indian ocean region, our primary area of interest. They are fitted with equipment and weapons for anti-submarine warfare. Two more [aircraft] will complete the first lot. And we have a case in progress, using the option clause, for four additional aircraft.
Question: An initiative of the Indian Navy which has gone a long way in building allies across the seas is IONS [Indian Ocean Naval Symposium]. It has helped the Navy build bridges of friendship with countries like Australia, traditionally believed to be an ally of China. Australia is in IONS chair now. The forum is expanding and has firmed up its charter of business. Are we now ready to take observers on board?
Answer: IONS is an Indian Navy initiative which currently has 35 member nations. Its chair rotates every two years and Australia is in the chair right now. In 2016, it will pass on to another Navy of an Indian Ocean littoral. The global commons or the blue seas or the sealines of communication as we call them are gaining new-found importance as each day goes by because the current century is the century of the seas. In that requirement, it is the maritime interests of all the littoral states which are important and safety and security at sea is not easy because sea is no longer a benign medium. Today the challenges in the maritime domain extend from piracy to asymmetric warfare to maritime terror. When you have those kind of challenges, the global commons are too huge for any Navy, however robust, to police it on its own.
Therefore, it just leads you to a conclusion that the global commons or the maritime domain lends itself for maritime cooperation. So, structures like IONS come into play. Since we look at all aspects which are of concern to friendly Navies—from piracy to pollution and HADR [humanitarian assistance and disaster relief] -- we have joint working groups debating issues in a bid to come up with solutions.
Then, we carry out exercises with friendly foreign Navies. We have our ships showing the operational footprint of the Indian Navy in our area of interest; we carry out capacity building and capability enhancement with other navies in the Indian Ocean Region so that they can come up to some standard and be part of this cooperation process.
The question of observers will have to be decided by the member nations.
RELATED NEWS

A quick  jargon-free explainer to the Supreme Court case that will decide the limits of free speech onlineBy Caitlin Dewey December 1 Follow @caitlindewey
A Facebook employee walks past a sign at Facebook headquarters in Menlo Park, Calif. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)
The question of what you can or cannot say online seems to come up, under some pretext, nearly every single day.
There are Internet trolls. Tragic stories of high school and middle-aged children, cyberbullied relentlessly — even to their deaths. A host of hateful, and hated, Web sites, that traffic in racism, misogyny or other prejudices and seem to flare up whenever news in those fields strikes.
Most recently, the Internet has been seized by a veritable epidemic of high-profile harassment and threats, a menace aimed, overwhelmingly, at women. In fact, given that the year kicked off with Amanda Hess’s seminal cover story on online misogyny — and is just now ending in the throes of Gamergate — you might as well call 2014 the year of the online threat. Or, at the very least, the year when the online threat, and online “speech” more generally, became a subject of enormous mainstream consternation.
It makes sense, then, that the Supreme Court picked this year to take on its first case about social media threats – a case that the court began hearing arguments on today.
It’s called Elonis vs. U.S., and it revolves around the disturbing murder fantasies that a Pennsylvania man, Anthony Elonis, posted to his Facebook page. But while that might be the starting point for the whole legal drama, the issues it’s considering go way beyond a case of creepy Facebook TMI. Essentially, the court is nailing down the exact line that separates a true online threat (which is not protected under the First Amendment) from disturbing, but non-threatening, online expression (which is). Just as importantly, the court is deciding what prosecutors must prove in order to establish a statement as threatening: Does the person who made the post have to consider it a threat, or does it just have to look that way to a reasonable observer?
In other, broader terms, the court’s considering what you can or cannot say online, and who gets to do the judging. Needless to say, that matters: Not just to guys like Elonis, but to anyone with an Internet connection and a keyboard. Which, I’d imagine, includes you.
What did Elonis do?
Shortly after his soon-to-be-ex-wife left him and took their two children, 27-year-old Anthony Elonis took to Facebook to post a series of violent, disturbing rants and murder fantasies about her.
In one: “Fold up your PFA and put it in your pocket. Is it thick enough to stop a bullet?”
In another: “There’s one way to love you but a thousand ways to kill you. I’m not going to rest until your body is a mess, soaked in blood and dying from all the little cuts.”
Elonis, who framed the posts as “rap lyrics” inspired by the likes of Eminem, was charged, and later convicted, with making threats. (The actual charge is a little more wordy: “transmitting in interstate commerce communications containing threats to injure another person.”) He was sentenced to 44 months in jail, and he’s served much of that time already.
But throughout his prosecution, and in a series of appeals since, Elonis has repeatedly insisted that his posts weren’t threats — they were jokes or art or self-expression, or some combination of the three. In other words, he didn’t mean it.
This issue of “meaning it” — what the law calls intent — is really important, it turns out. In fact, that’s the fulcrum on which this whole thing rests. If Elonis meant the posts as real, credible threats, than yeah — he should, by all accounts, be in jail. But if he was thinking something else at the time he posted them, then they might be the “art” or “poetry” he claims. And we want to protect art and poetry, right?
Does it matter what you “mean” when you post something online?
As any Internet user can attest, it is often really, really difficult to tell what people “mean” online. (This is, incidentally, why sarcasm doesn’t play here.) If you write something out in a letter and mail it to someone, your meaning is pretty clear. If you write some dark “poetry” in your journal and keep it to yourself, your actions would also seem to signal a pretty clear intent. But online, who knows what anybody really means? The Internet is nothing if not a dumping ground for half-formed thoughts shorn of context, tone and other traditional markers of seriousness/sincerity.
In that vacuum of concrete meaning, a sort of lawlessness has flourished — an insistence that many posts, even threatening or offensive ones, don’t really count. They were jokes, they were words on Twitter, they were, in the words of Emily Bazelon , “as unreal as an attack on an avatar in World of Warcraft.” They weren’t meant that way.
The response to all this ambiguity, in some circles/circuits, has been to keep the definition of online threats really narrow. Online speech is only threatening, according to this school of thought, if the speaker knew it would frighten and sent it for that reason (… in addition to some other things; threats have to be specific and unequivocal, for instance). If you’re a prosecutor, to convict somebody like Elonis, you have to establish what he meant at the time he wrote it — not an impossible task by any means, but one that could, per Bazelon and others, discourage police and prosecutors from pursuing these cases.
But wait! Thanks to the lack of clear precedent here, there’s another standard floating around the lower courts, as well. According to that school of thought, it doesn’t matter if you meant what you said or not. What really matters is whether a “reasonable person” would see an alleged threat that way. The journalist and legal scholar Sarah Jeong compares it to the standard for civil tort liability: It doesn’t matter if a corporation meant to cause an oil spill; the oil spill did damage, so the company can still be sued for it.
This, in essence, is the fundamental decision at the heart of this case: Does it matter what you mean when you post something online? Or does it only matter how people read it?
TL;DR: Why does this matter to normal Internet-users?
To the non-law-geeks among us, all this probably seems procedural. But its implications are pretty significant. This is basically a question of holding the bar for online threats up here (*hand at eye-level*) or dropping it considerably lower (*waist-level, let’s say*). Since threats have become such a scourge on the Internet — and since they’re prosecuted so very rarely — that could prove a protection not only for women like Elonis’s wife, but also public figures like Anita Sarkeesian et al. They could make that type of case easier to prosecute.
Of course, there’s a flip side, too: One that Elonis and his defenders have argued both in their filings and in the press. This sets a precedent for censoring the Internet, they argue. It opens up a door where anything that’s objectionable to a “reasonable person” — and let’s be real, there is plenty on the Internet that qualifies — could be prosecuted, criminalized or otherwise shut down.
“The effect of the decision that does emerge almost certainly would be felt in the very public space of such Internet sites as Facebook,” Lyle Denniston explained over at SCOTUS blog . “For that reason, Elonis is running interference for the Internet as a whole, and especially for those sites where expression is robust, indeed.”
Is that fear realistic? It’s hard to say. After all, even without the whole “intent” standard, our legal definition for “true threats” is very narrow , and our protections for free speech incredibly strong.
But as this case and others like it at lower courts have shown, those definitions and standards have had to evolve with changes to technology and the culture. This may be the first time the court has ruled on free speech and social media. It will not, in all likelihood, be the last.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Cyber Monday gears up to get online shoppers...You are here: Home > Collections
Cyber Monday gears up to get online shoppers hyped
AP Dec 2, 2014, 12.36AM IST
Tags:
Cyber Monday
(But with retailers extending…)
NEW YORK: Retailers rolled out discounts and free shipping deals on Cyber Monday, with millions of Americans are expected to log on and shop on their work computers, laptops and tablets after the busy holiday shopping weekend.
But with retailers extending their online deals into "Cyber Week" and even "Cyber Month," some shoppers aren't quite seeing the jaw-dropping deals they were hoping for online.
Still, the day is expected to be the biggest online shopping day again, as it has been each year since 2010. As of noon, online sales rose 9.2 percent compared with last year, according to IBM Digital Analytics . That is be good news for retailers after a Thanksgiving weekend that saw fewer shoppers and lower spending than last year, according to some estimates.
Courtney Lane Greenley, 25, from Alexandria, Virginia, was feeling regret on Monday that she didn't buy a knife block and cutlery earlier in the week, when she saw better deals online. She saw a deal on Amazon, which has been running limited time "lightning offers," for some Rachael Ray cookware on Friday that was under $100, but on Monday it cost more than $100.
"I should have pulled the trigger earlier," she said.
Forrester analyst Sucharita Mulpuru said that because people are expected to shop on Cyber Monday, retailers can play it safe with deals.
"Cyber Monday offers aren't super compelling, but don't need to be," she said. "It's been the biggest shopping day of the year for the last few years, so they know that people are going to come."
Karen Manley, 44, of Bowling Green, Kentucky, took advantage of cyberdeals well before Cyber Monday. She started shopping online early last week, and snagged deals including puffer vests from Aeropostale that she bought before Thanksgiving that were $46 marked down to $14, plus free shipping. She planned to hit Dillard's and Forever 21 sites after work to look for Uggs shoes and sweaters for her three children age 13, 15 and 18, as well as free shipping offers.
"It's easier and more convenient to shop online," she said.
Research firm comScore said late Sunday that e-commerce spending for the first 28 days of the November and December shopping season totaled $22.7 billion, up 15 percent from last year. Sales jumped 32 percent to $1 billion on Thanksgiving Day and 26 percent on Black Friday to $1.51 billion.
The firm expects people to spend about $2.5 billion on Cyber Monday alone. The NRF predicts 126.9 million people will shop online this year, down 4 percent from last year.
ComScore Chairman Gian Fulgoni said the strong spending online so far stems from the "overall health in consumer spending, responsiveness to the strong deals being offered online, and perhaps some shoppers opting to stay home on Thanksgiving rather than head out to the stores that opened their doors early."
On Monday, online retailers promoted deals throughout the day. Gap and Banana Republic offered 40 percent off all purchases. Amazon offered up to 45 percent off some Samsung TVs and a deal later in the day for its Amazon Fire TV video streaming box marked down to $69 from $99.
Wal-Mart said it has doubled its Cyber Week deals to 500 compared with last year, including up to half off some TVs, tablets and toys with free-shipping offers. Wal-Mart is also rolling out new deals later in the day in its so-called "Evening Edition" round of deals, including a Straight Talk Moto E Android Phone for $9.99, 90 percent off its regular price.
Fernando Madeira, President and CEO of Walmart.com, said that as of 1 p.m., deals for tablets, CDs toys and videogames were popular on the site.
"We expect more momentum for the rest of the day. ... One in five people plan to shop in the evening to work around their work schedule," he said.
The name "Cyber Monday" was coined in 2005 by the National Retail Federation's online arm, Shop.org, to encourage people to shop online. After retailers revved up deals, it became the busiest online shopping day in 2010. The name was also a nod to online shopping being done at work, where faster connections made it easier to browse, less of a factor now.
Cyber Monday comes after a weekend that saw 5.3 percent fewer shoppers and 11 percent less spending, according to estimates by the National Retail Federation.
The National Retail Federation has forecast overall holiday sales will increase 4.1 percent to $616.9 billion in 2014.
Elsewhere in the world, like Asia and Europe, Black Friday and Cyber Monday have increasingly been used as marketing ploys by retailers, even though Thanksgiving isn't celebrated. Still, in Asia, Singles Day, which occurs on Nov. 11, is by far the biggest shopping day, with sales of $9.3 billion this year. That's bigger than sales of Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday combined.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Good news on economy but Rajan may hold ratesGood news on economy but Rajan may hold rates
Mallya quits MCFL boardMallya quits MCFL board
Blackstone eyes Reits it can take privateBlackstone hunts for Reits it can take private
Henny Sender in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/debbb81a-7974-11e4-9e81-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Delhi Confidential: RescueActBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 1:32 am
Nitin Gadkari Monday needed the help of colleagues to get his maiden legislation passed in Rajya Sabha as he repeatedly fumbled. Gadkari, a first time Union minister, was not familiar with the procedure of passing of a Bill. Instead of moving the official amendments during the clause by clause consideration of the Bill, he kept saying: “I move the bill to be passed.” It was perhaps not his fault as it seems the step by step procedure was not made available to him in writing. Gadkari, however, was helped by many. Minority Affairs Minister Najma Heptulla, who was sitting next to him, Deputy Chairman P J Kurien and Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad guided him.
FRIEND IN NEED
Rajya Sabha MP and SP leader Jaya Bachchan was the most vociferous in raising the issue of eviction of fellow MP Neeraj Shekhar from his official house Monday. She got to know about it when the House was adjourned for five minutes and immediately rushed, along with Shekhar, to take up the matter with Finance Minister Arun Jaitley. When House reassembled, she raised the issue before the chair, and got support from Congress and SP members. Bachchan was heard telling Shekhar that he could keep his belongings at her house till he was able to arrange an alternative accommodation.
UNEASY PRESENCE
There were some uncomfortable moments at a foundation stone laying ceremony at Maulana Azad Institute of Sciences when the present and former health ministers — J P Nadda and Dr Harsh Vardhan — turned up for the event. A clearly uncomfortable Harsh Vardhan explained his presence saying he had wanted to opt out but had to come because of repeated requests from the faculty.
MYSTERY DIARY
The ubiquitous red diaries in the hands of all Trinamool MPs Monday caused a lot of curiosity. Many including SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav wanted to see what the diary actually contained. It was only revealed much later that Trinamool had wrapped the usual Parliament diaries in red for the demonstration.

CPM takes up another social cause  organicfarmingWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: December 2, 2014 1:30 am
After palliative care and urban waste management, the CPM in Kerala is planning to take up organic farming as its next arena of non-political intervention.
On Sunday, the CPM held a workshop in Alappuzha to take the initiative to cultivate vegetables free of pesticides. The party plans to replicate the successful farming model it had implemented at the Kanjkuzhi village panchayat a decade ago. Around 300 party members from across the state attended the event.
CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan said the party would work out long-term and short-term strategies to popularise organic farming and make Kerala self-sufficient in vegetable cultivation.
He said the party would take the lead in people’s intervention in productive areas for the growth of the state and at the same time continue with its agitations against corruption and other political issues.
The three-day workshop discussed various farming methods which is slowly picking up in Kerala.
Presently, the state depends on Tamil Nadu and Karnataka for its vegetable demand. Reports find that the vegetables reaching markets are being exposed to highly-toxic substances.

CPM launches all-India Dalit front to press for special ParliamentsessionPosted: December 2, 2014 1:29 am
By Aranya Shankar
The CPM has launched a caste-based national-level front, becoming the first Left party to do so. The Dalit Shoshan Mukti Manch will press for a special session of Parliament to discuss issues of the community and for passage of the SC/ST Prevention of Atrocities Amendment Bill, 2014, in the Winter Session.
Speaking at the launch of the Manch, CPM general secretary Prakash Karat said the BJP was trying to pit Dalits against Muslims and Christians to further their Hindutva agenda. “We have seen this in Muzaffarnagar and elsewhere,” he said, adding, “If we have to put an end to increasing inequality, we have to draw upon the experience of Ambedkar, Phule and Periyar besides our own Marxist understanding.” The co-convenor of the Manch, Asim Bala, a four-time former MP from West Bengal, said the front will hold state-level conventions to press its demands.
The CPM already has nine state-level Dalit organisations, including the Tamil Nadu Untouchability Eradication Front, the Pattika Jathi Kshema Samiti in Kerala and the Tripura Scheduled Caste Coordination Committee.  The Dalit Shoshan Mukti Manch will be an umbrella organisation for these state bodies. The committee’s other demands include reservation in the private sector, implementing land reforms and encouraging inter-caste marriages.
Writer is an EXIMS student

Sreedharan questions govt over crucial railway posts lyingvacantWritten by Avishek G Dastidar | New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 1:27 am
In his interim report presented to Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu last week, E Sreedharan — popularly known as the ‘Metro man’ — has strongly criticised the government and the Railways for keeping crucial posts in Indian Railways vacant for months. He has also questioned the process of delegating more powers to General Managers (GM) in the light of the sustained vacancy.
“It is therefore questionable whether GMs should be delegated powers with regards to commercial decisions and tenders when posts of GMs are vacant… a system of procedure to ensure no post of GM or (Railway Board) Member remains vacant at any time has to be in place before more powers are thrust on GMs,” Sreedharan said in his interim report.
According to senior Railway Board officials, the 82-year-old technocrat is trying to tell Prabhu that the move of delegating powers to the zonal railways makes little sense if top posts are kept vacant indefinitely.
Using words such as “deplorable” and “questionable” in the report, Sreedharan has gone into the present status of high-level vacancies to make a case for filling them. “Eight of the 27 top posts (including those of GMs) remain vacant. One GM would be retiring on November 30. The post of Member Electrical has been vacant for months. Two more Members will be retiring by December 31.
So 11 out of 27 posts will be vacant,” the report says. Prabhu has, in the past, said that the minister should not deal with any tender and all such powers should go to zonal railways.
The report has assessed that at present, Railway Board members are handling 14 high-level tenders, involving a combined value of Rs 17,508 crore. Citing the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation, in which he was the founder Managing Director, Sreedharan has said that these tenders should be dealt with through a three-stage system.
For GMs, Sreedharan has recommended that they should stop referring high-value tenders to the ministry and use their powers to deal with them. Making a slew of observations, Sreedharan has also suggested that the ministry’s tendering and machinery procurement behemoth COMFOW (Central Organisation for Modernisation of Workshops) be phased out.
Sreedharan has also raised questions of the widespread system of nominating other serving GMs to “look after” charge of vacant GM posts in other railways, saying that “common logic” should be to let a senior most Principal Head of the Department look after the charge till the post is filled.
The process to fill up GM posts is being rebuffed by the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet for months now as the Railways has failed to explain how different criteria is applied to different candidates for the same posts.
The post of Member Electrical has been kept vacant by the Railways for reasons not cited while Member Mechanical retired on November 28. Chairman of the Railway Board will retire on December 31 followed by Member Traffic in January, with no sign of processes required to replace them. continued…

Farmers hold Jan Sansad in DelhiNEW DELHI, December 2, 2014
Updated: December 2, 2014 13:25 IST
Farmers hold Jan Sansad in Delhi
Anumeha Yadav
Tweet
The Hindu
Narmada Bachao Andolan activists storm the office of Union Water Resources Minister Uma Bharti in New Delhi on Monday Photo: Sandeep Saxena
TOPICS
demonstration
More than 10,000 agricultural workers, tribal and dalit farmers, anganwadi workers, daily wage workers arrived here to hold People's Assembly to draw the parliament's attention to the National Democratic Alliance (NDA)'s proposed changes to legal entitlements to social security, labour rights, and access to natural resources.
All through the day, workers and farmers gave testimonies on their access to public information, land, water, food security and social security entitlements as well as freedom of speech in various states, with the slogan Abki Baar Humara Adhikar.
"If we hold a protest rally, only then the government will open MNREGA works as per demand in the village. Our children are allowed to reach class VIII and after that they are unable to progress further, they cannot get good education," said Mayaram Jamre, a tribal farmer from Barwani district in MP. He and 103 other tribal farmers of had pooled in Rs 20,100 to attend this protest in Delhi, he said.
Pachati Singh, a Khaiwar farmer from Latehar district in Jharkhand said over 34,000 forest rights claims had been submitted to the state government but less than 1,700 had been accepted. "The administration has charged my colleague Bhukhan Singh with 56 cases related to forest rights claims. On November 19, they jailed a Parhaiya tribal, a Particularly Vulnerable Tribal group, citing forest rights claims violation even as politics parties spent crores of corporate money illegally in the assembly elections campaigns going on in Jharkhand," said the activist. The state officials had postponed the deadline for distribution of new ration cards under the National Food Security Act several times citing delays in completing Socio Economic Caste Census, he added.
Rajasthan NREGA Union members spoke of violations in MNREGA implementation in various districts. "When villagers ask for work, officials turn them away. They do not give a receipt for demand for work, so the violations begin from that point as then, we cannot apply for unemployment allowance for delays in provision of work," narrated Anita Masar from Dungarpur district in Rajasthan. Marginal farmers from 600 villages in southern Rajasthan had pooled in Rs 1,000 per village to send a representative to this protest, she added.
The participating organisations include the All India Agricultural Labourers' Association, National Campaign on Dalit Human Rights, All India Democratic Women's Association, All India Progressive Women Association, Chhattisgarh Kisan Majdoor Andolan, Ekta Parishad, Green Peace, Pension Parishad, Jamia Teachers' Solidarity Campaign, Jan Swasth Abhiyan, Pension Parishad, and Right To Food Campaign.
Narmada Bachao Andolan leader Medha Patkar, Jharkhand's anti-displacement activist Dayamani Barla, and 80 others who had reached Delhi as part of this campaign were detained from outside the Union Ministry for Water Resources building on Monday after they met the Minister to oppose the decision to raise the height of the Sardar Sarovar dam. They were released from police detention on Monday night.

Officials Give Update on Missing Boy Found in GeorgiaHELP
[{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"White House Press Briefing","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_WHITE_HOUSE_3_1280X720_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"White House Press Briefing","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_WHITE_HOUSE_3_1280X720_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":14476486,"hedshort":"Live Report - Officials Give Update on Hunt for...","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DEVELOPING_NOW_2_1280X720_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"Live Report - Officials Give Update on Hunt for Pennsylvania Shooting Suspect","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DEVELOPING_NOW_2_1280X720_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":15048938,"hedshort":"EXPLORE.org - Deep Sea Cam Off NC Coast","description":"Live look at the Frying Pan underwater cam in Cape Fear.","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"EXPLORE.org - Deep Sea Cam Off NC Coast","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":14519615,"hedshort":"Dow Jones Industrial Average","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DOW_JONES_LIVE_1280X720_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"Dow Jones Industrial Average","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DOW_JONES_LIVE_1280X720_16x9_608.jpg"}]

SAIL studying feasibility of setting up steel plant in TelanganaSAIL studying feasibility of setting up steel plant in Telangana
Govt scraps 20:80 gold importschemeGold futures fall 1.13% on weak global cues
In a surprise move that could lead to a rise in legal imports of gold, the government on Friday scrapped a rule mandating traders to export 20 per cent of all gold imported into the country.
“It has been decided by the Government of India to withdraw the 20:80 scheme and restrictions placed on import of gold. Accordingly, all instructions issued about the scheme from time to time starting with circular number 25 dated August 14, 2013 stand withdrawn with immediate effect,” the Reserve Bank of India said in a circular. Banks may bring the contents of this circular to the notice of their constituents and customers concerned, the RBI said.
The 20:80 import rule linking imports to exports was introduced last year to bring down gold imports and narrow the current account deficit that had hit a record of 4.8 per cent of GDP.
Although legal import of gold declined in the subsequent months, the 20:80 rule was not only encouraging smuggling but it was also misused by many traders.
The RBI has not announced any changes in the restrictions on who all can import gold.
Bullion dealers, however, were expecting tightening of gold import rules by the government and the RBI as gold imports had soared to 106 tonnes in October as against 95.6 tonnes in September this year.
CAD had risen in April-June 2014 to 1.7 per cent of GDP, up from 0.2 per cent in the March quarter.
The norms were relaxed by the RBI on May 21 and six private sector trading firms were permitted to import the gold under the 20:80 scheme. Initially, only state-owned firms and banks were permitted to import gold.
The six private firms, which were given relaxation, accounted for 40 per cent of the total gold imports in April-September.
In the RBI’s May 21 circular, issued in the last days of the UPA government, star trading houses and premier trading houses which are registered as nominated agencies by the Director General of Foreign Trade were allowed to import gold with certain conditions.
The relaxation on gold imports came close on the heels of the drop in crude oil prices to a four-year low.
Not effective
The 20:80 import rule linking imports to exports was introduced last year to bring down gold imports and narrow the current account deficit that had hit a record of 4.8% of GDP
The RBI has not announced any changes in the restrictions on who all can import gold
The Rule was seen as encouraging smuggling and was also misused by many traders
TAGS: Gold Import
More from commodities
Oil drops to near $59 for first time since 2009 Oil fell to close to $59 a barrel for the first time since May 2009 on Tuesday, extending a six-month selloff...

RBI eases gold imports  scraps 80:20schemeGold futures fall 1.13% on weak global cues
Easing the restrictions on gold imports, the Reserve Bank of India on Friday scrapped the 80:20 scheme with immediate effect. Under the 80:20 norms, 20% of the imported gold had to be mandatorily exported before bringing in new lot.
Faced with rising gold imports and a worsening current account deficit in 2013, the government had clamped down on imports by introducing this scheme. This was in addition to hiking the import duty to 10%. These measures came on the basis of recommendations of a working group that the RBI had formed to address the gold import problem in 2013.
These restrictions were eased slightly by the RBI in May this year when the central bank allowed star and premier export houses to import gold. Initially only public sector firms and banks were allowed to import gold.
Gold imports jumped 280% to $4.17 billion in October, according to the trade data. The country imported 95,673 kg of gold in September, the highest level in the first six months of this financial year.
In August, the imports stood at 50,213 kg. Imports of the precious metal in April, May, June and July were 43,207 kg, 52,612 kg, 77,681 kg and 45,269 kg respectively.
TAGS: Gold Imports
More from commodities
Oil drops to near $59 for first time since 2009 Oil fell to close to $59 a barrel for the first time since May 2009 on Tuesday, extending a six-month selloff...

BSE in top-10 league at Rs 100 lakh crm-capSpiceJet shares continue to plunge; down 17 pct
The OPEC’s decision to maintain its production target of 30 million barrels per day, instead of cutting output to cushion the fall in crude prices, sent the markets to new highs on Friday, reports fe Bureau in Mumbai.
The 50-share Nifty touched the 8,600-mark, while the BSE barometer Sensex rose 0.9% or 255.08 points to end at 28,693.99 points. The records were not limited to benchmark indices with the BSE’s market capitalisation also crossing the R100 lakh crore-mark intra-day on Friday.
Oil-related stocks were in focus during the day. Among oil-marketing companies, HPCL closed at its lifetime high of R596.75, while BPCL hit 52-week high of R784.50. IOCL ended 4.42% higher at R364.7. SpiceJet and Jet Airways posted gains of 18.36% and 20%, respectively.
Shares of paint firms, which use crude-oil derivatives for raw materials, gained 1-5%. Asian Paints closed at record-high of R743.7.
Berger Paints ended 3.65% higher at R392.9, while shares of Kansai Nerolac Paints ended 1.1% higher to R2,011.6. Bank stocks also cheered Opec’s decision as lower crude prices increase the possibility of a rate-cut by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on December 2 in its monetary policy. The Bank Nifty hit all-time high of 18,615.40 points.
TAGS: BSE India Market Capitalisation
More from indianmarkets

Yields slip to 16-month low on crude fall  rate cuthopeSpiceJet shares continue to plunge; down 17 pct
Government bond yields slipped further to hit a 16-month low on Friday amid speculation that the sharp fall in oil prices and the not-so-subtle call for rate cuts from the finance minister would force the RBI to act.
The yield on the benchmark 10-year 8.40%, 2024 bond ended at 8.09%, the lowest since August 1, 2013. The yield has dropped 35 bps over the last two months on such expectations. Yields are poised to fall more, feels Jayesh Mehta, country treasurer at Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. Mehta predicts that the 10-year yield could ease to 8% before end of March.
Most bond traders are betting on a rate cut, especially after finance minister Arun Jaitley recently cited the sluggish economic growth and made a case for it.
“The market is hoping that Jaitley will convince Rajan of a rate cut next week,” said a senior bond trader at a public sector bank. Jaitley is likely to meet RBI governor Raghuram Rajan on Monday to discuss monetary policy.
Indeed, the staggering $30-per-barrel fall in global crude oil prices since June has made the outlook on domestic inflation, which has already fallen to 5.52%, more benign. Brent crude prices were near four-year lows on Friday after oil producing countries decided to not cut production.
Market participants hope that the RBI’s target of 6% inflation for January 2016 will be easily achieved now even if price pressures flare during the next year.
Further, data released after market hours showed that the GDP grew 5.3% in July-September.
Adding to this string of positives is the fall in US bond yields as well. The yield on the 10-year US treasury note has slipped 10 bps over the last one month. This keeps the interest rate differential between India and US wide and, thereby, the attractiveness of Indian paper to foreign investors.
TAGS: Raghuram Rajan Reserve Bank Of India
More from indianmarkets

Small banks closer to reality  but nigglesremainSpiceJet shares continue to plunge; down 17 pct
A day after RBI announced the final guidelines for small finance banks and payments banks, NBFCs, MFIs and prepaid payment instrument players have started working on their business models.
While telecom companies and prepaid payment instrument players (PPIs) are seen as frontrunners for setting up payment banks (see infographic), some analysts say the rules leave little incentive for NBFCs to convert into small banks.
Some PPIs that FE spoke to said a payment bank licence would help them diversify operations to cross-border remittances and also distribute simple financial products like MF and insurance products.
“…we will be able leverage Casa deposits and earn interest on that,” said Naveen Surya, managing director, Itz Cash Card.
However, analysts said since payment banks are not allowed to undertake lending activities, revenue streams would be restricted to income from remittance activities and interest on short-term government securities with other banks.
RBI has also mandated payments banks to put 75% of deposits in government securities and 25% in current and fixed deposits in other scheduled commercial banks. Pramod Saxena, CMD at payment solutions provider Oxigen Services India, said the clause allowing them to invest 25% in bank deposits will earn a higher rate of interest.
While the average yield of a government security with tenure of up to one year is 8.25%, the bank term deposit interest rate for up to one year is at 8.5%. RBI has mandated higher capital adequacy ratio for small banks at 15% than the prevailing 9% for universal banks. That apart, microfinance institutions (MFIs) and NBFCs must also comply with cash reserve ratio (CRR) of 4% and statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) of 22%, which, they feel, would dampen their earnings in the first couple of years of operation.
“The prudential norms like CRR and SLR, and the provisioning norms, all seem to have remained the same as the larger banks. It can potentially impact the way we are doing our business,” said GS Sundararajan, director, Shriram Group.
A report by market research company Jefferies said to serve the purpose of financial inclusion, the draft rules have been diluted to the extent that ‘Universal’ and SFB licensing looks similar, with very little incentive for NBFC-converts.
“Payment Banks are an interesting proposition with good future potential. We don’t expect existing banks to face threats to their business model,” it said.
A Kotak Institutional Equities report also pointed out that though the final guidelines allay a key concern about viability, entry barriers and capital adequacy ratios, which are high, stay unchanged.
According to Lakshmi Narasimhan, CFO at Magma Fincorp, the company is better off allocating a capital of Rs 100 crore for a pan-India presence rather than a local presence as put forth earlier by the draft guidelines. With a net worth of close to Rs 1,500 crore, Narasimhan believes capital would come from internal accruals.
“It looks lucrative. However, the final decision to apply would be taken after board approvals,” he added.
The Jefferies report added: “The RBI has stated in its guidelines that local players and licences for unbanked areas will be given preference — that makes business models tougher. However, the RBI is open for conversion of SFBs to Universal Banks after a satisfactory performance period, thereby making the entire licensing process on tap.”
Hemant Kanoria, CMD of Srei Infrastructure, told FE that the company is evaluating the guidelines and would comment only after it takes a closer look at it.
Rating agency Icra said accounts opened through Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) with an average ticket size of around Rs 3,100 per account, excluding zero balance accounts, small banks would be able to garner deposits at reasonable ticket over the medium term.
Payment banks: Why telcos may be the first to dial new number
With a huge subscriber base in rural areas, telecom operators have the most to gain from setting up payment banks
Likely contenders: Telecom operators, India Post, large business correspondents, pre-paid payment instrument providers and retail chains
Case for telcos: Rating agency Crisil Research believes telcos are ideal candidates. “Telcos are already offering m-wallet services for remittances. In last two years, the value of transactions through m-wallet has more than tripled to over R2,700 crore,” said Crisil in a report
Profitability quotient: The m-wallet (launched in 2011) transaction is estimated at R2,750 crore in the last fiscal, mostly from remittances. A volume pick-up is likely to further boost their profits
Why telcos lead the race: Significant presence in rural areas may add to remittances. Of the 900 million subscribers, over 40% are in rural areas.
The distribution infrastructure is in place (Bharti Airtel sells products through 1.5 million retail outlets)
Benefits for telcos: Telcos will be able to increase touch points with their customers, provide services (deposits and payment related)
Operators would be able to retain customer and bag a greater share of the customer wallet over a period of time
May become an additional channel of income as telcos can earn a spread on deposits
Can save on commission they pay to banks whenever a customer withdraws cash
Why not others: Limited customer base
May have to invest a significant amount on expanding distribution network
Investment on technology infrastructure and brandbuilding can be huge
TAGS: Reserve Bank Of India
More from indianmarkets

BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty continue record-breakingrunSpiceJet shares continue to plunge; down 17 pct
Continuing their rallies, the BSE Sensex and the CNX Nifty set new records during the week under review and closed at new closing highs of 28,693.99 and 8,588.25 respectively on sustained foreign fund inflows amid falling crude prices.
Global crude oil prices dropped to USD 72/barrel, the lowest level since August 2010. Falling oil price is good news for India, which imports 80 per cent of its requirements. This will also help the country narrow its Current Account Deficit as well as fiscal deficit.
Interest rates related shares from realty, banking and auto were in keen demand on hopes of rates cut.
IT, Metal and Power sectors too attracted good buying support.
The benchmark Sensex resumed higher at 28,413.01 and shot up further to intra-day life-time high of 28,822.37 before logging its new closing high of 28,693.99, a gain of 359.36 points or 1.27 pct during the week. It has gained by 2,585.46 points or 9.90 pct in six consecutive weeks.
The CNX 50-share Nifty also rose by 110.90 points or 1.31 pct to register its new closing peak of 8,588.25 after touching an intra-trade all-time high of 8,617.00. It gained 808.55 points or 10.39 pct in six straight weeks.
“Sentiments were buoyed by OPEC’s decision to sustain production levels and the subsequent sharp fall in crude prices. Markets are hoping for a rate cut in the RBI policy meeting next week,” said Dipen Shah, Head of Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Hopes of big-bang reforms in the ongoing winter session and growing expectations of more stimulus measures from China and Europe also boosted the market sentiment.
Sustained capital inflows also was the another factor behind rise in the share values as FPIs/FIIs continued their buying spree as they invested Rs 3,641.83 crs during the week.
Realty counters were at the forefront after Floor Area Ratio in Delhi in respect of plots of 750–1000 sq mt size were enhanced from the present 150 per cent to 200 per cent while the same has been increased from 120 per cent to 200 per cent for plots of 1000 sq mt and above.
As a result, sectoral S&P BSE Realty index was the top gainer with a rise of 3.56 per cent.
Major gainers from the sensex pack were Hindalco (8.59 pct), M&M (6.20 pct), Tata Steel (6.07 pct), Tata Power (5.56 pct), SBI (5.38 pct), Infosys (5.14 pct), HUL (4.31 pct), Hero Motocorp (3.77 pct), HDFC Bank (2.67 pct), Gail India (2.56 pct), HDFC (2.34 pct), Dr Reddy’s Lab (2.04 pct) Coal India (2.20 pct) and Wipro (2.16 pct).
Other gainers from the S&P BSE sectoral indices were IT 2.60 pct, Bankex 2.56 pct, Metal 1.61 pct, Auto 1.56 pct, Power 1.54 pct and Teck 1.39 pct.
The total turnover at BSE and NSE rose to Rs 20,862.31 crs and Rs 96,919.64 crs respectively during the week as against the last weekend’s level of Rs 17,604.23 crs and Rs 86,603.23 crs.
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty
More from indianmarkets

Gold at 2-week low on easing of import curbs byRBIGold futures fall 1.13% on weak global cues
Gold prices today plunged by Rs 270 to trade at over two-week low of Rs 26,400 per ten gram in the national capital after the Reserve Bank yesterday eased curbs on import of the precious metal.
Silver also extended losses for the third day and tumbled by Rs 820 to Rs 35,380 per kg on poor offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Easing restrictions on gold imports, the Reserve Bank yesterday scrapped the controversial 80:20 scheme.
Under the 80:20 norm, put in place in August 2013 to curb high gold inflows that was widening the current account deficit, at least 20 per cent of the imported gold had to be mandatorily exported before bringing in new lots.
Bullion traders attributed the fall in gold prices to easing restrictions on gold imports by the RBI by scrapping the controversial scheme, which is likely to enhance supplies and check smuggling of the precious metal.
“The RBI move will improve supplies in the market and bring down gold prices further in coming days,” All India Sarafa Association vice-president Surinder Kumar Jain said, adding the strengthening dollar, however, will limit fall in prices.
He said the import curbs had restricted availability of the basic raw material for the jewellery sector.
Besides, a weak global trend where gold weakened as a stronger dollar and falling crude prices, curbing demand for the precious metal, weighed on the gold prices.
Gold in global market, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell by 1.80 per cent, the biggest fall since November 5, to 1,175.50 an ounce in New York.
Silver too tumbled by 6.3 per cent, the biggest drop since June 2013, to USD 15.55 an ounce in yesterday’s trade.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity plunged by Rs 270 each to Rs 26,400 and Rs 26,200 per ten gram respectively, a level last seen on November 12.
Sovereign traded lower by Rs 100 to Rs 23,600 per piece of eight gram.
In line with weak trend, silver ready also recorded a hefty fall of Rs 820 to Rs 35,380 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 1,085 to Rs 34,525 per kg.
On the other hand, silver coins remained steady at Rs 61,000 for buying and Rs 62,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
TAGS: Gold
More from commodities
Oil drops to near $59 for first time since 2009 Oil fell to close to $59 a barrel for the first time since May 2009 on Tuesday, extending a six-month selloff...

Sahara looks to raise Rs 4037 cr loan to fund bailSahara looks to raise $650 million loan to fund bail
Reuters –  Fri 28 Nov, 2014 8:54 PM IST
View Photo
The Sahara group chairman Subrata Roy (C) arrives at the Supreme Court in New Delhi March 4, 2014. REUTERS/Anindito Mukherjee/Files
MUMBAI (Reuters) - India's Sahara conglomerate said on Friday it aimed to raise $650 million in loans to secure the release of its chief, in jail for nearly nine months over the group's failure to refund billions of dollars to investors in outlawed bonds.
Sahara, which owns the Grosvenor House in London and the Plaza Hotel in New York, has also sought the Indian Supreme Court's permission to take over an existing loan on its three overseas hotels from Bank of China.
The group will go for refinancing after that, Sahara said in a statement, without naming the refinancing bank.
Sahara did not say how much was the outstanding loan from Bank of China, but court documents previously showed an amount of more than $900 million. The Supreme Court will hear Sahara's plea on Tuesday, the company statement said.
The Supreme Court has asked Sahara to pay 100 billion rupees ($1.6 billion) initially to secure bail for its chief Subrata Roy, one of India's best-known business tycoons.
Roy has been held in Delhi since March 4 in a long-running dispute with the country's markets regulator over the refunds.
The regulator last month accused Sahara of deliberately failing to sell the marquee overseas hotels, which Sahara had told the court it would sell or mortgage to raise the bail money.
($1 = 62.1150 Indian rupees)
(Reporting by Devidutta Tripathy; Editing by Sumeet Chatterjee/Mark Heinrich)
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Where gas will drop below $2 (24/7 Wall St.)Tweet
Experts have already begun to mention the chance that the average price for a gallon of regular gasoline will drop below $2 in some parts of America. There are several states where this is highly likely. As a matter of fact, the prices in these states could drop below $2 as early as the start of next year.
Most of the states likely to post lower than $2 gas have three things in common: the general drop in oil prices, proximity to large refineries and low state gas taxes.
The first among these has already begun to have an outsized influence. Oil has fallen below $66. Just five days ago, the price was nearly $80. In late June, it was close to $100. If oil stays below $70, it could knock $0.20 to $0.30 off the average price of a regular gallon of gas nationwide by itself, if the evidence of the past month as an indication. Over that period, the price of gas nationwide has dropped from $3.03 to $2.79, according to GasBuddy.
The eight states were gas prices are likely to fall below $2 are Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, Texas, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Missouri and Tennessee.
Several of these are either on the Gulf of Mexico or states adjacent to ones that are. Each already has gas prices below $2.60. In all but one, the price has continued to fall over the past several days.
Mississippi, Alabama, Texas and Louisiana are directly on the Gulf of Mexico and close to the large refineries in Texas, which, taken together, are among the biggest block of refineries in the world. Oklahoma and Tennessee border at least one of these four states. So, each has the advantage that among the variable costs of gasoline is the distance it must travel from refineries to retailers.
ALSO READ: 9 Cities Where Gas Will Drop Below $2
Finally, state gas tax rates have a profound effect on total gas prices. An illustration of this is that the state with the third highest gas tax is New York, where it is $0.50. New York also has the third highest gas price in the United States at $3.18. The two states where gas prices are higher — Alaska and Hawaii — are distant from supply.
According to the Tax Foundation, last year, South Carolina had the 47th highest gas tax among all states at $0.168. Oklahoma was 46th at $0.170. Missouri was 45th at $0.173. Mississippi was 44th at $0.188. Louisiana was 38th at $0.20
Gas prices in eight states should be below $2 within a few months.
By Paul Ausick

Gun rights  even in New JerseyBy Eugene Volokh December 1 Follow @volokhc
I blogged in April about In the Matter of the Application by Michael McGovern , which offers some interesting (though non-precedential) views on New Jersey gun law. As I noted then, New Jersey requires a license to buy a handgun, and allows sheriffs to deny such licenses if the person was not of “good character and good repute in the community” or “where the issuance would not be in the interest of the public health, safety or welfare.” There is, however, an appellate review process.
Michael McGovern was denied a license, for several reasons. First, the Jersey City Police Department requires applicants to fill out extra forms, beyond those required by state law; McGovern refused to fill them out, arguing that state law didn’t authorize them.
Second, the trial court reviewing the department’s denial took the view that such uncooperativeness showed a lack of “good repute within the community.”
Third, the police department discovered that McGovern had a few arrests in Florida 10 years earlier, for petty theft, resisting arrest, and failures to appear in court or pay a fine for possession of an alcoholic beverage while under 21; it did not find any conviction record, but demanded that McGovern give further details on the incidents, and provide court records from the Florida courts. “There are no final dispositions listed for these offenses. You will have to get certified dispositions from the Courts involved as to the outcome of these charges. This department also has a concern over your actions during the incidents.” McGovern refused to provide these items.
Fourth, the government argued that McGovern acted wrongly by “surreptitiously record[ing] a conversation” with the police detective who was dealing with the case (though the trial court did not expressly rely on this justification).
The appellate court ruled in McGovern’s favor, for reasons I’ll mention shortly. But for now, I wanted to blog this photograph, which Mr. McGovern was kind enough to send me:
“I’m off to the range to break in my HK45c,” writes Mr. McGovern, and asks me to thank his appellate counsel Louis Nappen of The Nappen Law Firm, as well as Louie (Luigi) DeCecco of Louie G’s Outdoors.
In any event, here’s what the Appellate Division held back in April, and what led to the final success in November:
1. New Jersey law specifically identifies the forms that handgun license applicants must fill out, and provides that, “There shall be no conditions or requirements added to the form or content of the application, or required by the licensing authority for the issuance of a permit or identification card, other than those that are specifically set forth in this chapter.” “Jersey City’s municipal forms are contrary to this statutory provision because they require substantially more information than required by [the statute] and by the State Police application forms.” Among other things, “One of the Jersey City forms, entitled ‘Firearms Applicant Questioner’ [sic], inquires as to the applicant’s ‘Auto Plate Number,’ ‘Previous Addresses,’ ‘Previous Employer,’ and ‘the names and ages of all people who reside in your household.’”
2. “[T]he Law Division may have attributed disqualifying characteristics to McGovern because he sought to vindicate his constitutional and statutory rights against unauthorized requirements and conditions placed upon his application. The court found his ‘lack of cooperation’ proved that he presented a ‘threat to the public health, safety and welfare of the community’ and reflected poorly on ‘his character.’ We find no evidence of such a threat and bad character in McGovern’s expression of legal positions and arguments based on his understanding of constitutional and legal rights.”
3. “An arrest that did not result in conviction is not one of the [statutorily] listed disqualifications. However, among the statutory disqualifications is ‘where the issuance would not be in the interest of the public health, safety or welfare.’ … ‘[T]he dismissal of criminal charges does not prevent a court from considering the underlying facts in deciding whether a person is entitled to purchase a firearm.’ … Even in the absence of evidence that McGovern was convicted of any offenses as a result of his arrests in Florida, the New Jersey statute permits denial of his application if the underlying facts that led to those arrests demonstrate one of the eight listed categories of disqualification or his bad character or repute.” McGovern does not bear the burden of proving that he was qualified for a license; “the police chief has the burden of proving an applicant is not qualified to receive a handgun permit.” But
While the ultimate burden of proof is on the police chief, the statutory framework and our prior case law do not allow the applicant to sit silently in the face of legitimate and authorized inquiry from the licensing authority pertaining to the contents of his application and the information the police have developed during their investigation. The police must conduct an investigation, including through an examination of criminal arrest and conviction records. As we have stated, the facts pertinent to arrest records are relevant, even where no conviction results. [The detective] appropriately sought information from McGovern about the circumstances of the alleged offenses that led to McGovern’s three Florida arrests….
McGovern [thus] did not have a right to decline requests from the Firearms Licensing Unit for information within the scope of the statute.
4. As to the recording, “McGovern did not violate the law by recording a conversation in which he was a participant.” (New Jersey, like most but not all states, allows a party to a conversation to record it, even without warning the other parties.) “The police and prosecutor can hardly attribute bad character to one who engages in surreptitious recording of his own conversations since it is a frequent investigative technique the police themselves use under our State laws.”
The bottom line: “We conclude that a remand is necessary for reconsideration of McGovern’s application with the proper burden of proof placed on Jersey City to prove he is not qualified — in other words, that good cause exists for denial of his application — and without regard to McGovern’s lack of cooperation as to his application except with respect to the Florida arrests.” Presumably at that point McGovern would have the opportunity to actually fill in the information about the arrests. The court also followed past New Jersey case law rejecting the argument that “good character and good repute,” and “the interest of the public health, safety or welfare” were unconstitutionally vague.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

What Not to Buy on Cyber MondayIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Do We Risk Having Two-Tier Access to Renewable Energyreddit
Solar energy access in the United States varies wildly from state to state. Texas gets enough sunlight per year to power the entire world via solar energy, and yet has one of the lowest solar capacities in the country . The Northeast is the " second most solar-friendly region in the country " despite receiving the least sunshine.
At the heart of it is state-level regulatory policy. Florida's is described as 'hostile', while New York State has embraced renewables. As solar energy prices tumble, do state regulations risk creating a two-tier access to cheap renewable energy?
The new renewable
In the past renewable energy has been easy to dismiss on an economic basis. As a new technology, it has necessarily been more expensive than older, more established fossil fuels. It requires new infrastructure -- which, in the wake of the 2008 financial crash, spending on was always going to take a backseat -- and primitive technology is inefficient.
However, that's now not the case. The U.S. may have a relatively low up-take of renewable energy for a developed nation proportionally, but those that receive clean energy benefit from enormous cost savings. Buying solar can now be as cheap as fossil fuel energy; and as oil, coal and gas reserves become more difficult to exploit, it won't be long before it's significantly cheaper.
This is particularly the case when using your own solar panels. Once installed, some users are taken entirely off-grid. Some even create a net surplus of energy which can be sold back to the grid -- the "feed-in tariff" model Germany's embrace of solar is built on.
Why would any state, particularly a sunny state, be so against investment in something that delivers cheaper, more sustainable energy to its citizens, and creates jobs in the process?
Demand destruction
There are, of course, complex local issues -- such as the environmental report issue blocking wind farms in Oregon -- but broadly speaking the main obstacle is demand destruction.
Simply put, if homeowners start installing solar panels -- especially in sunny states -- they no longer need to buy electricity. The large, powerful, rich and influential energy lobby can only watch as the bottom falls out of the fossil fuel market.
To change tack now and embrace renewables would require enormous investment and the kind of business agility that companies the size of, say, Exxon-Mobil simply don't possess.
And in a country so beholden to lobbyists with deep pockets, local regulators don't stand much chance in pushing a green agenda regardless. Even the president has trouble pushing through clean energy friendly policy.
The world's main energy source
Of course there's nothing to stop private suppliers exploiting the newly relative cheapness of renewables -- as the growing market in solar leasing demonstrates -- but as a recent IEA report argues, any significant shift towards renewable energy requires significant government support. After all, what we're talking about is a mass-scale re-tooling of the backbone of the whole economy. It stands to reason that would need some level of central planning and the kind of infrastructure spending only government can deliver.
In particular, the growth of solar energy has currently rested on the installation of photovoltaic panels on residential properties. But the report states that once overall energy market share of solar hits around 15 percent (it's currently at about 1 percent ) the efficiency savings will fall and the technology will need to shift to concentrated solar plants -- where solar power is used for thermal energy -- which requires large-scale investment.
The report is bullish in its prediction that solar could be the largest source of world energy by 2050, but only if government policy is consistent and coherent . Which is the opposite of now -- where solar installations are subject to a federal 30 percent tax credit, but can, as in Florida, end up being subject to extra state taxes.
Solar from the back
Still, the IEA's opinion is undoubtedly colored by the lessons from Europe so far, that have depended on massive state involvement. That's not to say we can't benefit from that and take a different route.
The fall in solar energy prices is down largely to technological developments made off the back of European investment. Now that technology is accessible the market may be able to take over without the same level of direct state support.
That's certainly the hope behind the recent $53 million federal grant for research into solar technology, with the express goal of making it cheaper -- indirectly forcing the hand of the market.
Another project to watch is the World Wildlife Fund collaboration with large companies -- so far, Cisco Systems, 3M, Kimberly-Clark and National Geographic -- to offer residential solar panel installations as an employee benefit, reportedly met with extremely high levels of interest .
The up-shot is this: uneven state regulation does present a short-term risk that a two-tier renewable energy market may exist. But eventually, aided by indirect measures like these, market forces will take over, pushing energy giants into embracing green energy -- or to face extinction.
Follow Ella Jameson on Twitter: www.twitter.com/JamesonElla
More:

Social Selling Is Simple....When You Follow One Golden Rulereddit
Not long ago, I received a thank you message from Twitter congratulating me on my 5-year anniversary on the site. On February 4, 2014 Mark Zuckerberg sent the world a Facebook status update marking his company's 10th anniversary. There are now more than 2 BILLION active social media users worldwide and over 75% of those are active mobile users.
My point is that social media is no longer new or novel. It is ubiquitous, part of the very fabric of our collective, world-wide culture.
One thing it is not, but it will become over the next few years, is a saturated marketplace. Brands, marketers, entrepreneurs and small business owners alike have not "cracked the code" on social selling.
Business to consumer e-commerce sales are expected to be nearly $1.5 TRILLION in 2014 and continue to grow at double digit rates for several more years. However, sales directly attributable to social media are just a small sliver of that overall number now. It is my opinion that social media will serve as an engine to much of that growth in the future.
In fact, I believe it so strongly that I am going "all in" on social selling. I have rebuilt my website , rebranded my social media sites and refined my content marketing plan to focus on social selling and teaching others to sell using social media.
Why? Because I believe in one simple rule of sales.
People buy from people they know, like and trust!
You may be saying, "Duh, everybody knows that! That's so simple, but what does that have to do with social media?"
Let me share a few of my thoughts on why it's connected.
I have spent 5 years building a social media community of over 530,000 people between the major social media sites I am on (Facebook, Twitter, G+, YouTube, Instagram, LinkedIn, Pinterest and Instagram). I have poured my heart and soul into my community and been my authentic self every step of the way. Every time I do a speaking engagement or a live event several people come up to me and tell me they feel like they already know me, even though this the first time we have met face-to-face. They tell me I am the same person online as I am in person. To me, that is the best compliment of all!
They feel like they know me, they like me and they can trust me and, because of this, I am very successful selling my products and services online using social media.
Did the light bulb just go on for you?
It did for me. In fact, so much so that I wrote a book on the subject. It's called "Will the Real You Please Stand Up - Show Up, Be Authentic and Prosper in Social Media" . It's coming out in January, 2015.
I am not the only one who gets this "I know you" reaction. You are, or you can be too! You can be somebody people know like and trust and therefore somebody they will buy products and services from.
Being yourself is simple, so social selling should be simple, right?
So where do people get lost? Why is everybody making it so hard? I am going to tell you the answer and you are going to scratch your head and need to think about it for a minute.
Are you ready? Because most people are frauds, fakes and a phonies online. They lead with their interests (which usually all involve money) instead of having a give to get attitude. They do not take the time to know what their prospects like, what they care about, what they value and worse yet, they have no interest in being useful to that person. They are inconsistent and all over the place. Their prospects only hear from them when they want something. In other words, it's all about them!
In short, they are not authentic! I cannot know, like and trust someone if I do not know who they really are...can you?
Being authentic is THE difference-maker, THE game-changer, THE missing ingredient when selling online, especially for small businesses.
So, hopefully by now I have convinced you that you want to be authentic online, even if you are just doing it to sell more stuff. I will take it!
Let us talk one more time about selling stuff online. This year 52% of all US retail sales will be influenced by, or occur online.
You say "That is great. My pie is getting bigger". Wrong! Your pie is getting smaller, much smaller. You see, in the old days (like 10 years ago!) you just had to compete against other websites and blogs for Google's affection. Now, 2.5 BILLION people are on social media and millions of them are selling their stuff, or at least trying to. Facebook recently reported that over 1.5 MILLION people now use Facebook ads, mostly to sell stuff!
Another fact, all of the major search engines now give increasing weight to social media. Why? Well for one, they own or have vested interests in the major social media sites. More importantly, social media has become the place where consumers go to tell anybody who will listen, good or bad, how they really feel about a product or a service. The consumer controls the message today. Plus, have you heard the old saying "Good news travels fast. Bad news travels faster."? That saying is true, but on steroids with social media.
Hopefully you are now see how important authenticity, and the ability to consistently deliver it, is online.
Now, let me see if I can help you get started having authentic conversations and begin the process of turning lurkers into community members, community members into engaged advocates and engaged advocates into brand apostles.
I am going to try to oversimplify and give you a "plain English" answer. Start by caring, I mean really caring about the people and the subject matter you are creating content around. Then create jaw-dropping original content that has value to your community on a consistent basis. Once you have that engage, engage, engage and have meaningful conversations, not just short, emoticon-driven bursts. Be creative and make your content as appealing as you can and deliver it in a format that is easiest for your community to consume. Have the solutions for what they need and want and it is definitely okay if those solutions are, from time-to-time, things you also happen to sell.
You see, you are now not selling useless 'stuff' to people who do not know and trust you. You are selling solutions to your people you have formed relationships with through a value driven content plan!
For more on the subject see the full article "The 12 C's of Building Authentic Conversations on Social Media"
So, have I made you a believer in the power of authenticity as it relates to online sales, especially sales fueled by social media? I would love to hear your comments below.
Follow Kim Garst on Twitter: www.twitter.com/kimgarst
More:

NASA launching new Orion spacecraft on test ...NASA launching new Orion spacecraft on test flight
By AP | 2 Dec, 2014, 12.04AM IST
The dry run, if all goes well, will end with a Pacific splashdown off Mexico's Baja coast. Navy ships will recover the capsule, a la Apollo, for future use.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
CAPE CANAVERAL, FLORIDA: NASA's quest to send astronauts out into the solar system begins this week with a two-laps-around-Earth test flight.
The new Orion spacecraft is not going to Mars just yet; Thursday's debut will be unmanned and last just 4{ hours. But it will be the farthest a built-for-humans capsule has flown since the Apollo moon missions, shooting 3,600 miles out into space in order to gain enough momentum to re-enter the atmosphere at a scorching 20,000 mph (32,000 kph).
The dry run, if all goes well, will end with a Pacific splashdown off Mexico's Baja coast. Navy ships will recover the capsule, a la Apollo, for future use.
This initial Orion is rigged with 1,200 sensors to gauge its durability for the day when astronauts do climb aboard during the decade ahead. Advertised destinations include an asteroid to be corralled in lunar orbit for human exploration in the 2020s, followed by Mars in the 2030s.
Lockheed Martin Corp . built the capsule and is staging the $370 million test flight for NASA.
Orion is NASA's first new spacecraft for humans in more than a generation, succeeding the now-retired space shuttles. Unlike the capsules under development by two U.S. companies for space station crew transport, Orion is meant for the long haul, both in time and space; it would be supplemented with habitats for potential Mars trips.
"We need a spacecraft that's going to be sturdy enough and robust enough" to carry astronauts well beyond low-Earth orbit for weeks and months at a time, said Lockheed Martin's Bryan Austin, a former NASA shuttle flight director who will oversee Orion's maiden voyage.
For this orbital tryout, a Delta IV rocket will hoist Orion from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. Liftoff is scheduled for 7:05 a.m. (1205 GMT), just after sunrise. The rocket, with Orion and its launch escape tower at the tiptop, stretches 242 feet (73 meters) high.
Future Orion launches will use the mega rocket still under development by NASA, known as SLS or Space Launch System. The first Orion-SLS launch is targeted for 2018, unmanned, followed by the first piloted mission in 2021.
No one at NASA is pleased with such a poky pace. At best, it will be seven years before astronauts fly Orion _ anywhere. By comparison, it took eight years from the time President John Kennedy announced his intentions of landing a man on the moon _ before John Glenn had even rocketed into orbit _ to Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin's lunar boot prints in 1969.
Given the present budget situation, "it is what it is," said Kennedy Space Center's director Robert Cabana, a former astronaut. And the presidential election ahead could bring further delays and uncertainties.
In any case, don't confuse Orion with NASA's old-time Apollo capsules.
For one, the 11-foot (3.35-meter)-tall Orion is designed to hold four astronauts, one more than Apollo. For relatively short outings of three weeks or so, Orion could accommodate six.
With no one on board, this first Orion will have hunks of aluminum in place of seats for ballast, simulators instead of cockpit displays and, obviously, no life-support.
The heat shield on Orion's base, designed to protect the craft from the searing temperatures of atmospheric re-entry, is 16.5 feet (5 meters) across and is the biggest, most advanced of its kind ever made, according to NASA. On this flight, Orion will reach close to 4,000 degrees Fahrenheit (2,200 Celsius), not quite the 5,000 degrees Fahrenheit (2,760 Celsius) that would be generated from a moon mission, but close enough for a shakedown.
That's why Orion will aim for a 3,600-mile (5,800-kilometer)-high peak altitude, more than 14 times higher than the International Space Station _ to pick up enough speed to come back fast and hot.

US retailers warn of Chinese giant Alibaba s...You are here: Home > Collections > Retailers
US retailers warn of Chinese giant Alibaba's impact in US
Reuters Dec 2, 2014, 12.33AM IST
Tags:
Alibaba
(US retailers and industry…)
SAN FRANCISCO: Several of the largest U.S. retailers warned that Alibaba Group Holding Inc may "decimate" local companies unless Congress closes tax loopholes for online retailers, singling out the Chinese company before it has even established a major American consumer presence.
In TV and radio ads over the weekend, the Alliance for Main Street Fairness, which includes Best Buy , Target , JC Penney and other major chains, called on Congress to end special tax treatment for Alibaba and other online giants.
"Main Street will never look the same," it said.
The ad marks one of the biggest public marketing campaigns against a Chinese company that handles more e-commerce than Amazon and eBay combined, even though Alibaba only surfaced in the American consciousness after it went public in the world's largest-ever IPO in September.
U.S. retailers and industry analysts expect Alibaba to soon launch a service targeted at American consumers, armed with its IPO war chest .
However, the company has said it remains primarily focused on the Chinese market, from which it already gets most of its revenue. The company says increasing wealth and online penetration will ensure its home market remains the prime driver of growth in coming years.
Alibaba presently sells to American consumers through its global retail service AliExpress. But its core Taobao service, often likened to eBay's marketplace, is not yet available to U.S. customers in English.
Alibaba representatives in the United States did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

U.S. economy on solid ground despite slower global growthU.S. housing starts fall, but trend points to recovery
By Lucia Mutikani, Reuters
8
Groundbreaking declined 1.6 percent to a seasonally adjusted annual pace of 1.028 million units, the Commerce Department said on Tuesday. October's starts were revised up to a pace of 1.045 million units.
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast starts rising to a rate of 1.04 million units from October's previously reported pace of 1.01 million units.
@jhanzel thanks for pointing that out in the summer of recovery part 6
j blome
5
Yields for U.S. Treasuries held at lower levels, while the dollar was little changed against a basket of currencies. U.S. stock futures were pointing to a lower open also as crude oil prices continued to drift lower. Housing continues to be stymied by tepid wage growth, which has been far outpaced by home price increases. Higher mortgage rates are also a constraint, although they have declined from a peak reached in September 2013.
The housing recovery also is being challenged by a very slow pace of household formation, as high unemployment among young adults is forcing many to either continue living at home with their parents or share quarters with friends or relatives.
Household formation is currently running at about 500,000 a year, far below the more than 1 million that would signal a strong housing market recovery.
But with job growth accelerating, wages are expected to pick up next year and pull in first-time buyers, especially young people, into the housing market, providing a tailwind for the economy. Housing has been a mild boost to gross domestic product so far this year.
"With labor market conditions continuing to be favorable ... we believe that it will be only a matter of time before the housing recovery shifts up a gear or two and provides a crucial second wind to the economic recovery," said Millan Mulraine, deputy chief economist at TD Securities in New York.
Last month's drop in groundbreaking was concentrated in the single-family homes segment, the largest part of the market, which fell 5.4 percent to a 677,000-unit rate. Single-family starts had posted two straight months of hefty gains.
Starts for the volatile multi-family homes segment increased 6.7 percent to a 351,000-unit pace. The increase unwound some of October's 9.9 percent drop.
Multi-family starts continue to be driven by demand for rental units as many financially-strapped Americans shun home ownership.
Last month, permits dropped 5.2 percent to a pace of 1.035 million units after two straight months of gains. That was the biggest drop since January.
Permits, which lead starts by three to four months, have been above a pace of 1 million units since July.
Permits for single-family homes fell 1.2 percent to a 639,000-unit pace in November. Permits for multi-family housing tumbled 11 percent to a 396,000-unit pace. That followed two months of big increases.
(Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Paul Simao)

Wall Street falls on weak global data  tepid holiday spendingWall Street opens lower on oil, rouble drop
Reuters
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 98.87 points, or 0.58 percent, to 17,081.97, the S&P 500 lost 10.93 points, or 0.55 percent, to 1,978.7 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 35.68 points, or 0.77 percent, to 4,569.48.
(Reporting By Sinead Carew; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
cComments
This article has scant reference to the biggest story on the international scene today, the free fall of the Russian Rouble now at 79 to the dollar, up from the 30s just a short time ago. BBC said today, "Russia's rouble went into free-fall in Tuesday trading, falling repeatedly to...
Kasha11

Airbus sells shares worth around 794 million to Dassualt AviationAirbus sells shares worth around 794 million to Dassualt Aviation
The Beginning of Something BigThe Beginning of Something Big
http://usat.ly/1y4UpGEApple, Facebook, Alibaba: tech stock preview
Brett Molina , USA TODAY 3 p.m. EST December 1, 2014
Characters from the game Candy Crush on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in honor of the mobile gaming company King's IPO.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
11 CONNECT 30 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
With one more month left in 2014, the tech sector is getting ready to wrap up a big year on Wall Street.
Led by a "banner year" for Apple and strong performances from other big names including Microsoft and Facebook, tech stocks will enjoy a happy holiday thanks to their 2014 performance, says S&P Capital IQ analyst Scott Kessler.
"Tech has been a very strong performer year to date," he says.
Apple Inc. - Stock Price and Volume | FindTheBest
Shares of Apple AAPL have surged more than 25% since the company enacted a 7-to-1 stock split in June. Meanwhile, social network Facebook has watched its stock skyrocket more than 60% compared to the same time last year. Microsoft MSFT — which changed CEOs earlier this year — has watched its stock jump more than 25% over the past 52 weeks.
Then there's this year's tech IPO boom, highlighted by Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba BABA , high-definition camera maker GoPro GPRO and Candy Crush Saga developer King KING .
Here's a look at what companies to watch in December:
Regan: Stock rally not done because it's 'game on' for the Fed
BlackBerry BBRY . The Canadian smartphone maker reports third quarter results on December 19, as the company makes a renewed push to attract iPhone and Android smartphone owners. A new trade-in promotion offers up to $550 to consumers who trade in their iPhone for a BlackBerry Passport smartphone. Shares of BlackBerry have climbed since mid-October, partly fueled by a partnership with Samsung to bolster security on Android devices.
Adobe ADBE . The software maker reports fourth quarter and fiscal year earnings on December 11. Last quarter, Adobe reported $1 billion in revenue, up from last year, as well as 2.8 million paid subscriptions to its Creative Cloud service, an increase of 500,000 compared to the previous quarter.
Follow Brett Molina on Twitter: @brettmolina23.
MORE MONTHLY MARKETS CHECKUP

http://usat.ly/1rJGDfVFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Samoas, Thin Mints: Girl Scout cookie sales go digital
The Girl Scouts of the USA  are venturing into digital and mobile platforms to sell their iconic cookies.
Post to Facebook
Samoas, Thin Mints: Girl Scout cookie sales go digital The Girl Scouts of the USA  are venturing into digital and mobile platforms to sell their iconic cookies. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1rJGDfV
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
15
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Samoas, Thin Mints: Girl Scout cookie sales go digital
USA Today Network Jessica Durando , USA TODAY Network 8:08 a.m. EST December 1, 2014
Video Keywords GM online web USA today
A new digital cookie program lets Girl Scouts make and track sales digitally. Now you can have your Thin Mints shipped straight to your house. Lori Grisham, USA TODAY Network
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  Coming out cookie lovers rejoice you can now order boxes
00:05  of some analysts then and sedans miles. Or any of your
00:08  other favorites digitally. The new technology that's girls and targeted emails
00:13  to their favorite customers in any state. Once invited by a
00:16  scout you can visit their personalized web page make your order
00:20  and then have a cookie shipped directly to your home. And
00:23  some scouts will be using a mobile app to take sales
00:26  this season to. The online web page tracks cookie sales and
00:30  lets customers see how their favorite girl scout is doing. The
00:33  Girl Scouts say the new digital cookie program makes sense because
00:36  it helps the girls learn more about finance marketing and online
00:39  communication. But if you like the old fashioned way girls will
00:43  still be making door to door sales GM find out more
00:46  on USA today dot com.
Girl Scouts sell cookies on February 8, 2013 in New York City.
(Photo: John Moore, Getty Images)
12206 CONNECT 663 TWEET 64 LINKEDIN 15 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Whether your favorites are Samoas or Thin Mints, cookie season just got easier for customers with new technology.
The Girl Scouts of the USA are going digital to sell their famous goodies after almost 100 years of traditional in-person transactions.
The new program, called Digital Cookie, allows Scouts to take orders via e-mail. For the Web version, customers can visit a scout's personal cookie Web page that tracks cookie sales, days remaining  and percentage of goal reached. Parents must approve the content of the page, according to the Scouts.
A screenshot of a Girl Scout Cookie Program webpage.
(Photo: Girl Scouts of the USA)
"It allows you to reach customers that you would not reach otherwise," says Lauren Tinglin, 15, of the Girl Scouts of Greater New York. She can start selling Dec. 12. Tinglin has family in Georgia and Florida that she plans to reach out to digitally this year.
The girls learn about e-mail marketing, finance and online communication through the program.
"I think it helps me organize my life in a way. It has you set goals," Tinglin said. "I think it will help me grow as a person and a future businesswoman."
The mobile app, used in some areas, allows credit card processing and direct shipping.
Kaeleigh Sturgeon,15, of the Girl Scouts of Central and Southern New Jersey, says the best part of the mobile app is its portability.
"Before, when we would keep track of our sales, we usually would use an Excel spreadsheet on the computer, but I carry my phone with me all the time and it is a lot easier to pull something up on my phone than go home and pull up a spreadsheet on my computer," Sturgeon says.
She may be tempted to sell some boxes during lunch at school when her sales start, since she is hoping to reach the 10,000-box mark over the span of her long Girl Scout career.
But the old-fashioned ways of doing business with door-to-door sales and girls stationed outside retail stores aren't history. Digital just adds a "new layer," says Kelly Parisi, chief communications executive of GSUSA.
"We are girl-led and girl-driven. We go where girls are, and girls are digital natives," Parisi says. "The digital component will enhance the sales, and the byproduct will be a larger social imprint from the girls."
All the net revenue from cookie sales stay with the Scout council that sponsors the sale. Girls decide how to spend their troop cookie money and reinvest it in their communities.
The majority of the 112 Girl Scout councils across the USA are testing the program during this cookie season. More councils are expected to be on board by the end of 2015, according to the Girl Scouts.
Follow @JessicaDurando on Twitter
12206 CONNECT 663 TWEET 64 LINKEDIN 15 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1rJGDfV
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer still on the run | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

http://usat.ly/1Cy4CDaRegan: Stock rally not done because it's 'game on' for the Fed
Trish Regan for USA TODAY 3:47 p.m. EST December 1, 2014
Trish Regan, anchor and editor-at-large for Bloomberg TV.
(Photo: File)
93 CONNECT 95 TWEET 1122 LINKEDIN 23 COMMENTEMAILMORE
No one likes this rally.  No one trusts this rally.  Most of America doesn't feel connected to this rally.  And yet, as we near the final weeks of 2014, it's time to face reality: Despite its many flaws, the rally  is here for the foreseeable future.  Or, at least, for as long as the Fed continues its push for higher wages.
While the economy has shown recent signs of improvement (GDP, for example, logging 3.9% growth in the most recent quarter and unemployment falling to 5.8% in October) the Fed is still waiting on what has become the holy grail of central bankers — wage growth.  Simply put: The Fed isn't going to budge on rates until it sees an increase in wages.
Theoretically, companies should need to raise wages in order to land better talent.  After all, the labor market, like everything else, is most influenced by simple supply and demand.  We're also living through a period of historically low labor participation rates, and it seems a lot of Americans just aren't motivated to go back to work.  One would think companies would, therefore, offer higher paychecks to lure more workers.
That hasn't happened. Here's why: Companies don't need to hire workers.  Yet.
Sure, corporate earnings are growing, though not thanks to top-line sales growth.  Instead, companies are aggressively putting their balance sheets to work by repurchasing shares (thereby reducing the supply of their own stock in the marketplace, which, in turn, drives up the value of their share price), by making earnings-boosting acquisitions (in part thanks to low rates; after all, what else do you do when money is this cheap?) and by cutting costs, which typically translates into fewer workers.
Stocks set for 'Santa rally' if no naughty news
With all this in mind, there's little expectation of meaningful wage inflation in the near future.  That's bad news for workers and ultimately for our consumer-driven economy. The good news, at least for investors, is that low wages mean it's "game on" for the Fed, and the market should continue its climb fueled by cheap money.
So, as the market marches higher, Apple becomes the most valuable company the world has ever seen, and tech start-ups like Uber land themselves $40 billion market valuations — shouldn't that be good news?
Not necessarily.
Low rates for the foreseeable future may be good for the stock market, but there are other challenges lurking ahead.  How long, for example, can the U.S. economy isolate itself from the downturn in Europe and Asia? America is the largest player in an increasingly interconnected global economy and, as the rest of the world weakens, our goods become increasingly expensive and less attainable to overseas buyers — and that translates to fewer sales and lower profits at U.S. multinationals.
Surging stock markets often get ahead of the economy. But at some point the market has to be supported by economic fundamentals.  Without revenue growth, there's a danger we're witnessing Fed-inspired valuations rather than true, intrinsic value for companies. If that danger does exist, investors seem to be whistling past the graveyard — their complacency evident in the so-called fear gauge, the VIX index, which has fallen from 30 to 12 in the last two months.
Video Keywords Dow Jones Industrial Average Federal Reserve Alabama FaceBook
Santa Claus is not something you associate with the stock market, but that’s exactly one of the things on investors’ minds as we head into December. Video by Jason Allen and Kaveh Rezaei
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:05  You might not associate Santa Claus with a stock market
00:08  that Walsh Richard does. I'm John Wagoner and this is America's
00:11  markets. December's the second month and historically strong period for stocks
00:16  and the second best month for Dow Jones Industrial Average the
00:19  past half century. It's also in the Santa Claus rally takes
00:22  place this seven sessions spurt that begins at the end of
00:25  December has delivered gains every year since 2009. Even though the
00:30  market is already racked up an impressive performances at record levels.
00:33  Odds are good for the rally to continue because the Federal
00:36  Reserve isn't likely to change its easy many ways until wages
00:39  pick up. Something that's not gonna happen for awhile. If recent
00:43  patterns persist home builders will be one of the best performing
00:46  industry sectors as 2014 closes out. And small company stocks could
00:51  prosper as investors try to get ahead of the group's traditional
00:54  January rally. Technology stocks which offense sputter about now. Could bucked
00:59  that trend thanks momentum in big games like apple and FaceBook
01:02  and the lingering buzz from the initial public offerings of the
01:05  likes of Alabama and go pro. Exchange traded funds that invest
01:09  in retailers offer way to play. Important shopping season trends this
01:13  year but if you're thinking about buying and mutual fund this
01:15  month think again he's also get hit with an unnecessary tax
Worst-case scenario? An asset bubble bursts and the Fed, which has maintained zero rates for a record six years, has no policies left to influence the economy.  Though, perhaps it's best to stop worrying and follow the age-old wisdom that if you can't beat (the Fed) you might as well join it. At least for now.
Regan is the anchor of "Street Smart with Trish Regan"daily at 3 p.m. ET on Bloomberg Television. Follow her on Twitter @Trish_Regan.
93 CONNECT 95 TWEET 1122 LINKEDIN 23 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1y0lOt4
MONTHLY MARKETS CHECKUP

Gold rebounds 4 pct to one-month high on heels of oil pricesGold rebounds 4 pct to one-month high on heels of oil prices
Core sector output hits 4-month high on robust coal  powergrowthBy: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 2:12 am
Ahead of the Reserve Bank of India’s bi-monthly monetary policy on Tuesday, eight key infrastructure industries posted an impressive growth of 6.3 per cent in October — the highest since June when it stood at 7.3 per cent — bolstered by robust performance of the coal, power and refinery sectors.
The core sector, comprising coal, crude oil, refinery products, steel, fertiliser, cement, natural gas and electricity, had contracted 0.1 per cent during the same month last year. The growth rate was 1.9 per cent in September this year.
The jump in the growth of key infrastructure industries comes amid the manufacturing output, as per the HSBC Purchasing Managers’ Index, jumping to a 21-month high in November on the back of robust demand and new orders.
However, experts said that the growth in the core sector is not well balanced and the RBI is likely to maintain the status quo in its policy review.
“The PMI is up, the core sector has grown. There is some pick-up but it is partially the base effect as well. Year-on-year there has been some pick-up but it has not been a balanced growth,” DK Joshi, chief economist, Crisil, said.
He added that the industrial production, which is due on December 12, will show an improvement due to better performance of the core sector.
The core sector comprises 38 per cent of the index of industrial production (IIP), which had grown 2.5 per cent in September. However, Joshi said, it is unlikely that the Reserve Bank of India will cut rates in its upcoming monetary policy review on Tuesday.
“The Reserve Bank of India would like to wait to ensure that the inflation is completely under control. So (despite the industry demands) I don’t think there will be rate cut,” he said.
According to the figures released by the commerce and industry ministry, production of coal jumped 16.2 per cent compared to a contraction of 3.5 per cent in October 2013.
Similarly, electricity generation also climbed up 13.2 per cent compared to 1.3 per cent during the same period last fiscal. Production in the coal and electricity sectors stood at 7.2 per cent and 3.8 per cent, respectively, in September 2014.
Aditi Nayar, senior economist, ICRA, said that the pick-up in core sector growth would partly offset the disappointing performance of merchandise exports and auto production in October along with the impact of fewer working days on account of an earlier onset of the festive season. Further, growth of production of refinery products also improved to 4.2 per cent compared to 5 per cent in October 2013. It had contracted 2.5 per cent during last month.
The production of cement however shrank 1 per cent as against growth of 0.9 per cent year-on-year while that of steel moderated to 2.3 per cent compared to 5.8 per cent during the corresponding year-ago period.

PDP  Lone party fight to uproot NC frombastionWritten by Muzamil Jaleel | Srinagar |
Posted: December 2, 2014 2:05 am
When the EVM machines are locked on Tuesday, they will contain the fate of three political forces — the incumbent National Conference, the Opposition Peoples Democratic Party and People’s Conference (PC) that has shunned its separatist attire and returned to contest assembly elections after 27 years. Seen as a traditional stronghold of the ruling National Conference, both the PDP and Sajjad Lone’s PC have mounted a strong opposition to unseat three of NC’s five sitting legislators.
This phase will also determine whether Lone is able to open his party’s account by winning from Handwara.
In Kupwara constituency, senior NC leader and Law Minister Saifullah Mir is on a slippery slope. His opponents — PDP’s Fayaz Ahmad Mir and PC’s Bashir Ahmad Mir are pushing hard to unseat him.
The NC hopes to sail through because of a vertical divide in the opposition’s vote bank. But if there is a repeat turnout of the first phase, the result will depend on the size of the new vote base. The size of the new vote base added an element of unpredictability to several contests in the first phase.
Handwara seems settled with Sajjad and there were indications that he has managed to convince the electorate that his “direct line with Modi” is his “strength” and provides a real chance to get developmental projects from the Centre. The opposition vote here is divided between NC’s Choudhary Ramzan and PDP’s Mohideen Sofi. Sajjad has mounted a strong campaign to bring back the memories of his assassinated father Abdul Gani Lone, who contested several elections from here.
The success or failure of Sajjad’s party would be important especially in view of his tacit understanding with the BJP. If the BJP manages to completely uproot the Congress and NC from Jammu and emerges as a contender of power, PC’s performance in these five seats in Kupwara would be instrumental.
In the neighbouring Langate, an erstwhile PC supporter Sheikh Abdul Rashid is seeking re-election. Apart from his win, if Sajjad wants anything from these polls, it is the defeat of Rashid who has emerged as his bitter critic.
In the border constituency of Karnah, PDP is seen as a favourite. The sitting NC legislator Karnah Kafeel-ur-Rehman is facing a strong anti-incumbency after his three consecutive wins. This constituency, which remains de-linked from the Valley after Sadhna pass closed with the first snowfall, has a massive dependence on the Army. This factor will also play a crucial role in whether the tide changes in this constituency.
In Lolab — a one-time militant hub right on the LoC — the contest is between PDP’s sitting legislator Abdul Haq Khan and NC’s Qaiser Jamsheed Lone. The NC had suffered due to the feud between two families — Lone’s and Soganmi’s — in the constituency. It will have to be seen whether Khan is able continued…

In contest today  the 3 who would be BJPCMWritten by Deepu Sebastian Edmond | Jamshedpur |
Posted: December 2, 2014 2:03 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 5:47 am
Who will be BJP’s next Chief Minister in Jharkhand if the party gets to form the government is one big mystery.
In September, BJP national president Amit Shah had announced that the party will not project its CM candidate for Jharkhand. And since then, the mystery has only deepened. Constant prodding of senior local BJP leaders doesn’t shed any light either. As a senior BJP leader, who is also contesting the polls, puts it: “Who knows what’s on Modiji’s mind?”
However, this has not deterred those with chief ministerial ambitions from lobbying hard.
As the Kolhan region of the state goes to polls in the second phase on Tuesday, the fate of three frontrunners for the CM post will be sealed. They include three-time-CM Arjun Munda, former Deputy CM Raghubar Das and chief of party’s manifesto committee Saryu Rai.
THE 3 FRONTRUNNERS
For the party, it would be difficult to look beyond Arjun Munda (see interview), probably the only leader with a state-wide appeal. Bringing back Munda, who is contesting from the Kharsawan seat, may, however, boomerang as the BJP is fighting this election seeking to correct poor governance of the past — Munda has been the CM for the longest period in the state.
The second contender Raghubar Das is currently a national vice-president of the BJP who has never hid his chief ministerial ambitions. The sitting MLA of Jamshedpur East is reportedly guaranteed a win this time. Those close to Das say his time has come as the BJP leadership will see his OBC identity as a bridge between the adivasis and Hindus. Lack of his RSS background could, however, prove to be a disadvantage.
On the other hand, Saryu Rai’s star could be on the rise after Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed him as “my friend” during a rally on November 29. Associated with the RSS as a youngster, Rai has a reputation of being an outspoken individual. However, the imminent challenge for him is whether he could be elected as an MLA. As a party leader put it, “he should first win” to be considered for the top post.
Rai faces a tough contest from Congress’s Banna Gupta in Jamshedpur West seat that has a significant number of Muslim voters. “We are working on the assumption that we will not get even one Muslim vote,” said a close associate of Rai involved in his campaign.
However, on record, Rai says he is not interested in becoming the CM. “I will be happy to be just a legislator if I win. I don’t even know whether I want to be a minister,” he said.
BJP’s decision of not naming the chief ministerial candidate also means growing infighting as its top leaders scramble to undercut each other. Rai too hinted about it. “This may be my last election. I had to compromise a lot during this campaign,” he said.
Munda, who had a significant say in ticket distribution, has come under attack for jeopardising own party candidates’ chances. A Jamshedpur-based BJP leader, who is part of one of the continued…

Walmart carries wholesale e-commerce to Andhra PradeshWalmart carries wholesale e-commerce to Andhra Pradesh
HRD ministry pulled up for delay in opening IITsHRD ministry pulled up for delay in opening IITs
Major car producers post growth in NovemberMajor car producers post growth in November
Green shoots of recovery all round but will trend sustainGreen shoots of recovery all round but will trend sustain
No shortage of iron ore; ensuring supply to steel industry: GovtNo shortage of iron ore; ensuring supply to steel industry: Govt
You re More Likely To Inherit Your Dad s Social Status Than His Heightreddit
Social mobility is a myth.
That is the depressing conclusion -- or, if you're already part of the social elite, the great news -- of a new study by economists Gregory Clark of the University of California, Davis, and Neil Cummins of the London School of Economics. The hope that we can claw our way up from our low station to someplace fancier is a delusion for most of us, according to this study. We inherit social status from our parents just as much as, if not more than, our physical traits.
And this social status often persists across many, many generations. The title of the study -- "Surnames and Social Mobility in England, 1170–2012" -- gives you some idea of just how many generations we're talking about here: 28 generations of 30 years each. The study looked at centuries of data on the social statuses of English families. It found that many of the families who were socially elite landowners in 1170 -- your Montgomerys, Nevilles, and Percys -- were still socially elite in 2012.
"Strong forces of familial culture, social connections, and genetics must connect the generations," the authors wrote. "There really are quasi-physical 'Laws of Inheritance.'"
The study used attendance at Oxford and Cambridge Universities ("Oxbridge") as a proxy for high social status; typically only elite students go to those schools. Across generations, the "correlation coefficient" -- a number that shows the strength of the correlation between two things, with a 0 meaning not correlated at all and 1 meaning perfect positive correlation -- was between 0.7 and 0.9 for generations of the same family going to Oxbridge. In comparison, the correlation coefficient for height between generations is just 0.64, according to one study cited by the researchers.
Hang on, you might be saying, isn't England notorious for low social mobility? Isn't it the land of Downton Abbey-style snooty inherited wealth? Sure. But guess what? The United States is really not much better. A 2013 study by Miles Corak of the University of Ottawa found that the U.K. and U.S. were two of the least socially mobile countries in the developed world. Here's a chart that puts this in perspective:
Note that, according to Corak's study, low levels of social mobility -- meaning it's hard to move from one social level to a higher one -- are also associated with high levels of income inequality.
This is the kind of world that French economist Thomas Piketty warns could become increasingly common -- one in which inherited wealth just keeps growing while incomes stagnate. It's the sort of the world we're living in today , come to think of it.
Most worryingly, the Clark-Cummins study found that social mobility hasn't really improved significantly in recent decades, despite social programs aimed at boosting it, such as higher tax rates on wealth and programs to help lower-class students get into Oxbridge.
Maybe we just haven't given such programs enough time to work, though. And given the many economic risks created by widening inequality, we shouldn't stop trying to boost social mobility.
More:

U.S. Economy Grew Faster Than First Reported Last QuarterU.S. Economy Grew Faster Than First Reported Last Quarter
 | By                                                                By MARTIN CRUTSINGER
Updated:
11/25/2014  6:59 pm EST
A shopper pushes a shopping cart with children's toys at a Walmart. location ahead of Black Friday in Los Angeles, California, U.S., on Monday, November 24, 2014. | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
WASHINGTON (AP) — The U.S. economy grew even faster in the third quarter than initially thought, posting the strongest six months of growth in more than a decade and pulling further ahead of other big economies of the world.
The gross domestic product, the country's total output of goods and services, expanded at a healthy 3.9 percent annual rate in the July-September period, the Commerce Department reported Tuesday. That's a notable jump from its first estimate of 3.5 percent. The revision was propelled higher by more robust consumer and business spending.
Together with a 4.6 percent surge in the spring, the country has recorded its biggest back-to-back quarterly performance since 2003.
"The question of whether the economy is accelerating or will accelerate is no longer a question; we can say somewhat definitively that the economy has already accelerated," said Dan Greenhaus, chief strategist at BTIG, in a research note.
In contrast, other advanced economies are struggling.
The eurozone economy barely grew in the third quarter, and inflation is a mere 0.4 percent, raising concerns of deflation. Japan unexpectedly found itself back in recession in the July-September period. And momentum in emerging economies like China and Brazil is also shaky.
Tuesday's data further pushes the world's biggest economy "onto a different page than Europe and Japan," said Jennifer Lee, senior economist at BMO Capital Markets.
Fueling third-quarter growth was consumer spending, which accounts for 70 percent of economic activity. That climbed at a 2.2 percent rate in the three-month period, an improvement from an initial estimate of 1.8 percent. Business investment in equipment shot up at a 10.7 percent rate, revised up from 7.2 percent.
GDP has been on a roller coaster this year. It started with a steep slide in activity in the first three months of the year when the economy contracted at a 2.1 percent rate, largely due to a severe winter.
Analysts believe momentum could decelerate to around 2.5 percent in the current quarter but then pick up again in 2015. They expect growth of around 3 percent, representing a sustained acceleration in activity six years after the Great Recession.
Since the recession ended in June 2009, growth in the U.S. has averaged at subpar rates just above 2 percent. The lackluster recovery has been blamed on the financial crisis and the severity of the recession. Such downturns are usually harder to recover from because it requires repairs to the banking system to get credit flowing again.
But economists believe 2015 will be the year when the recovery shifts into a higher gear, in part because they expect the government itself to help. Government spending grew at a 4.2 percent rate in the third quarter, the strongest performance since the spring of 2009. The gain was bolstered by a 16 percent surge in defense spending.
The optimism is being fueled by modifications in government budget and tax policies. Across-the-board cuts in government spending and tax increases approved to control huge budget deficits had been holding back growth. By next year, economists believe a better budget picture will begin to pay off and fuel growth.
Meanwhile, an improving job market is expected to provide households with more income, boosting consumer spending. The sharp drop in oil prices should also put more money in Americans' pocketbooks as they spend less at the pump.
To be sure, weakness overseas and another possible recession in Europe may still hamstring U.S. growth. Those concerns rattled financial markets earlier this fall. But stocks have since rebounded to new highs amid signs that central banks in Europe, Japan and China will take action to bolster growth.
The U.S. economy is also relatively insulated from overseas weakness since exports account for less than 14 percent of U.S. activity, one of the lowest such shares in the world.
The Federal Reserve in October ended purchases of bonds aimed at pushing long-term interest rates down, though language used by the Fed shows that it does not expect to begin raising short-term interest rates for a "considerable time." Many economists believe the Fed's benchmark short-term rate, which has been at a record lows near zero for six years, won't start rising until the middle of next year.
More:

Six Years Later  Walmart Still Hasn t Paid A $7 000 Fine For Black Friday Worker s DeathSix Years Later, Walmart Still Hasn't Paid A $7,000 Fine For Black Friday Worker's Death
Posted:
reddit
WASHINGTON -- This coming Black Friday will mark six years since a worker died beneath a throng of shoppers at a Walmart on Long Island. Although federal regulators faulted the retail giant in the tragedy, Walmart still hasn’t been compelled to pay the modest $7,000 fine that was levied against it.
The case, Department of Labor v. Walmart Stores, has not moved forward since HuffPost reported on it a year ago -- on appeal with a federal review commission that handles workplace safety fines. As of this writing, the commission lists the status of the case as “ pending review .”
The case was first referred to the commission three and a half years ago. A spokeswoman for the commission said it does not comment on the timeline for pending cases.
It’s common for employers to appeal whatever penalties the Labor Department’s safety inspectors issue against them, including when workers are killed on the job. But the case of 34-year-old Jdimytai Damour, who had worked at Walmart for only a week when he was asphyxiated beneath the Black Friday crowd, underscores just how long those appeals can drag on, even in cases where the fines are comparably small.
Brooke Buchanan, a Walmart spokeswoman, said the retailer has made significant changes in recent years to minimize the frenzy among shoppers and make for a safer atmosphere, including spreading out merchandise that's on special and staggering sales times.
"After this horrible incident that happened six years ago, we took major steps working with crowd experts, law enforcement and people who do this for a living to see and help set up our stores," Buchanan said.
As HuffPost previously reported, Walmart, which had net sales of $473 billion last fiscal year , probably isn’t disputing the penalty in order to save $7,000, the maximum amount the Occupational Safety and Health Administration can fine a company for serious violations. Indeed, the company has already spent millions of dollars in legal costs just to fight the case. For Walmart, more significant than the nominal fine itself would be the ramifications if the fine were upheld.
OSHA used what’s known as the general duty clause as the foundation for its fine against Walmart. The clause holds that employers have a basic responsibility to provide a workplace that’s “free from recognized hazards that are causing or are likely to cause death or serious physical harm to [their] employees.”
In essence, the agency argues that Walmart should have foreseen the dangers presented by a mass of excited shoppers waiting at the store’s doors. An administrative law judge agreed back in 2011 , though Walmart appealed that decision to the Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission, where cases often wait years for review.
OSHA regulations tend to be very specific, and the agency doesn’t often reach for the general duty clause because it isn’t so easy to prove what should be a “recognizable” hazard. Employers, unsurprisingly, often criticize citations using the general duty clause as too vague. That's what happened when OSHA cited a poultry processor recently for violating the clause and putting workers in danger of ergonomic hazards. Before that, OSHA hadn’t tried to wield the clause in such a case in more than a decade.
In the Black Friday case, Walmart would be more eager to defeat OSHA's arguments than to avoid the $7,000 penalty. The company has argued that the dangers on Black Friday could not have been predicted. If regulators ultimately succeed in their case, OSHA would theoretically have an easier time putting Walmart and other retailers on the hook for Black Friday disasters in the future.
In a deal to avoid prosecution , Walmart agreed to develop a new crowd control plan the year after Damour's death. For its part, OSHA has started issuing guidance each year on how stores can handle their sales events safely. The agency recently sent letters to the major retailers urging them to adopt their own plans ahead of Black Friday.
“Retail workers should not be put at risk,” David Michaels, the head of OSHA, said last week.
Also on HuffPost:

Go play outside  kids: Natural light reduces risk of nearsightedness in children  scientists sayBy Amy Ellis Nutt November 28 Follow amyellisnutt
Scientists say the "outdoor effect" on nearsighted children is real: natural light is good for the eyes. (Photo by Bill O'Leary/The Washington Post)
It's long been thought kids are more at risk of nearsightedness, or myopia , if they spend hours and hours in front of computer screens or fiddling with tiny hand-held electronic devices.
Not true, say scientists. But now there is research that suggests that children who are genetically predisposed to the visual deficit can improve their chances of avoiding eyeglasses just by stepping outside.
Yep, sunshine is all they need -- more specifically, the natural light of outdoors -- and 14 hours a week of outdoor light should do it.
Why this is the case is not exactly clear.
"We don't really know what makes outdoor time so special," said Donald Mutti, the lead researcher of the study from Ohio State University College of Optometry, in a press release. "If we knew, we could change how we approach myopia."
What is known is that UVB light, (invisible ultraviolet  B rays), plays a role in the cellular production of vitamin D, which is believed to help the eyes focus light on the retina . However, the Ohio State researchers think there is another possibility.
"Between the ages of five and nine, a child's eye is still growing," said  Mutti. "Sometimes this growth causes the distance between the lens and the retina to lengthen, leading to nearsightedness. We think these different types of outdoor light may help preserve the proper shape and length of the eye during that growth period."
The scientists are also studying whether visible light outdoors, not just UVB, might contribute to healthy eyesight. Even on an overcast day, outdoor light is at least 10 times brighter than indoor light, they said.  When a person is outdoors, certain specialized cells in the retina control pupil dilation, letting in more of less light.
"Our initial research suggests that the pupil responds more if these cells have been exposed to a lot of sunlight in the previous few days."
Ultimately, there are more questions to be answered, says Mutti, but he believes his team's findings are already contributing to finding those answers.
"I think the research we are doing now will help us finally solve the mystery of the outdoor effect, and maybe help some people avoid a lifetime of wearing glasses," he said. "In the meantime, I tell parents don't worry about reading, get their kids outside, but don't forget ... sunscreen."

Gold slides amid easing import curbs; silvertanksGold futures fall 1.13% on weak global cues
Gold continued its southward journey for the fourth straight session at the domestic bullion market due to reduced demand from jewellery stockists and retailers.
Elsewhere, silver took a major bearish hit and plunged below the Rs 36,000 mark on the back of frantic sell-off by speculative traders amid weak industrial buying.
Standard gold (99.5 purity) dropped by Rs 165 to end at Rs 26,000 per 10 grams against Friday’s level of Rs 26,165.
Pure gold (99.9 purity) also shed by a similar margin to close at Rs 26,150 per 10 grams, as against Rs 26,315.
Silver (.999 fineness) tanked by Rs 580 to finish at Rs 35,990 per kg, compared with Rs 36,570 yesterday.
Meanwhile, the government late on Friday unexpectedly scrapped the controversial 80:20 scheme, easing restrictions on gold imports that were originally put in place last year to curb ballooning current account deficit.
There are expectations that the RBI’s move would increase gold supplies and reduce prices for buyers in the domestic markets, a bullion trader commented.
On the global front, the yellow metal took a sharp plunge worldwide overnight following heavy funds selling spooked by sliding crude prices and also stronger dollar.
Investors’ caution ahead of an upcoming Swiss referendum on central bank gold reserves also weighed on sentiment.
December gold fell USD 21.40, or 1.8 per cent to settle at USD 1,175.20 an ounce on the Comex division of the NYMEX late yesterday, while silver tumbled 1.06 cents to end at USD 15.49 an ounce.
More from commodities
Oil drops to near $59 for first time since 2009 Oil fell to close to $59 a barrel for the first time since May 2009 on Tuesday, extending a six-month selloff...

How to run a successful sibling startupHow to run a successful sibling startup
Adora Cheung
Anthony Harvey / Getty Images
Homejoy CEO Adora Cheung appears on stage at the 2014 TechCrunch Disrupt Europe/London, at The Old Billingsgate in London.
Homejoy CEO Adora Cheung appears on stage at the 2014 TechCrunch Disrupt Europe/London, at The Old Billingsgate in London. (Anthony Harvey / Getty Images)
By Jennifer Alsever, Inc.com
Warner Bros.
Before you decide to move forward with a sibling partnership, make sure your relationship is on solid footing.
Adora Cheung had tried starting companies with co-founders before. But it wasn't until 2012, while working on her laptop in her brother's filthy apartment, that Cheung both hit on a great startup idea — Homejoy, an online service that helps users locate a housecleaner — and found her ideal partner, her brother Aaron. Today, the pair jointly run Homejoy, which operates in over 30 markets and has more than 200 employees and $40 million in funding.
8
Their success is remarkable not only because they conquered the challenges of building a thriving company. They also overcame a major handicap for many startups: related founders. Research has shown that  businesses co-founded by family members  fail at a higher rate than all other types of business partnerships.
0
Sibling co-founders must deal with the strains of a startup as well as disagreements about ownership or growth and any lingering bitterness over deep-seated childhood rivalries. These pressures can make for disastrous partnerships. Even when a business is a blockbuster success — think Kellogg's and Warner Bros. — it can destroy family relationships, as it did in both of those cases.
“Siblings are your longest relationship in life,” says Stephanie Brun de Pontet, a family business adviser at the Family Business Consulting Group in Chicago. “The knowledge they have of each other allows them to poke each other in the most irritating ways.” Not an ideal method of working with a business partner.
Why have the Cheungs succeeded when so many  sibling co-founders  fail?
Adora says it's because they are both introverts who grew up in a goal-oriented, studious family. They rarely get frazzled under stress, and each can be blunt without the other's taking offense. “You inherently trust your sibling more than anyone else in the world,” Adora says. “You know you have each other's back.”
The sibling startups that succeed, say experts, tend to have partners like the Cheungs — people who share a deep understanding and built-in trust, and are aligned on core values and priorities. If you and your sibling don't already have these things going for you, it might be best to keep your association purely personal.
So before you decide to move forward with a sibling partnership, make sure your relationship is on solid footing. If you're not certain, take a test drive. Adora Cheung knew brother Aaron was a safe bet because he had slept on her couch for several months while looking for an apartment. They found they got along despite the close quarters. “If you have lots of arguments that cannot be resolved quickly, that's a nonstarter,” says Adora.
Begin with well-defined roles and clear expectations about goals and ownership. Who will make the final call on tough decisions? How will your roles change as the company grows? Siblings Catherine, Geoff, and David Cook discussed a “declaration of roles” when they launched MyYearbook in 2005. This helped separate sibling issues from business issues, Catherine says. “It was important not just for handling fights but for figuring out priorities,” she says.
Remember that startups have a high failure rate. But whatever happens, you're family. “Keeping that perspective really helps,” says Aaron Cheung.

5 Ways Cyber Monday Differs From Black FridayHow Cyber Monday Is Different From Black Friday
 
Follow on Twitter
Nov 29, 2014 6:24am
Besides the obvious difference of shopping in the comfort of your home, Cyber Monday differs from Black Friday as a key bargain-hunting day in significant ways.
Traditionally, Cyber Monday emphasized deals on electronic goods, but these days it has turned into a mammoth Cyber Week event, with online sales on clothes, books and more.
Here are some major differences between Cyber Monday 2014, which falls on Dec. 1 this year, and Black Friday:
1. More People Buy Later in the Day
Maybe America’s worker bees can’t sneak in time to shop online during Cyber Monday. Last year, Cyber Monday online sales peaked between 8 p.m. and 9 p.m. Eastern time, with sales that hour totaling $150 million, according to Adobe Digital Index Market Research. On Black Friday last year, online shopping sales peaked from 11 a.m. to 12 p.m., bringing in the same $150 million for retailers.
2. Shoppers Do More Research
According to an AOL survey, 83 percent of Cyber Monday shoppers reported researching online before shopping, compared with 64 percent of Black Friday shoppers.
3. Fewer Ads
While retailers notify shoppers and the media of their Black Friday deals days or sometimes weeks in advance, there is less notice on Cyber Monday deals.
“Retailers want to tempt you with as many deals as possible, without discouraging early shopping,” writes Josie Rubio of DealNews .
4. People May Spend More
The average shopper spends $468 on Cyber Monday, compared with $309 on Black Friday, according to an AOL survey.
5. Slightly More People May Shop, With Gender Differences 
According to a Nielsen study , 52 percent of all survey respondents said they plan to shop on Black Friday this year, with men slightly more enthusiastic than women: 53 percent of men said they plan to shop in-store, compared with 50 percent of women. The 1,150 respondents were 18 years and older.
Slightly more shoppers (55 percent) plan to shop on Cyber Monday this year than Black Friday. But women will be more active on Cyber Monday: 60 percent of women plan to shop Cyber Monday versus 50 percent of men.

Qatar Absolves U.S. Couple Accused Of Starving Daughter To DeathMatthew And Grace Huang Acquitted In Daughter's Death In Qatar
 | By                                                                ABDULLAH REBHY
reddit
Matthew (L) and Grace Huang, a US couple who were accused of murdering their eight-year-old adopted daughter Gloria, speak to the press outside the entrance of the Court of First Instance before their trial in Doha, March 27, 2014. A Qatari court condemned Matthew and Grace to three years in prison for the causing the death of their daughter, who was adopted from Ghana. AFP PHOTO / AL-WATAN DOHA / KARIM JAAFAR == QATAR OUT ==        (Photo credit should read KARIM JAAFAR/AFP/Getty Images)
DOHA, Qatar (AP) — A Qatari appeals court on Sunday overturned a ruling against an American couple over the death of their adopted daughter and said they are free to leave, ending a closely watched legal saga that may have stemmed from cultural misunderstandings in the conservative Gulf nation.
Los Angeles couple Matthew and Grace Huang, who were originally jailed on murder charges following the January 2013 death of their adopted daughter Gloria, headed to the airport soon after the ruling to try to leave Qatar, said Eric Volz, who is coordinating legal and publicity efforts for the family.
The couple was convicted of child endangerment and sentenced to three years in prison in March. They were allowed to remain free pending their appeal but could not leave the wealthy OPEC nation.
The Huangs say 8-year-old Gloria died of medical problems complicated by unusual eating habits that included periods of binging and self-starvation. Prosecutors alleged she died after being denied food and locked in her room.
The Huangs have two other African-born adopted children and have been pressing Qatari officials unsuccessfully for permission to leave the country to be with them.
"It has been a long and emotional trial for me and my family, and Grace and I want to go home and be reunited with our sons," Matthew Huang said after the ruling. "We have been unable to grieve our daughter."
U.S. officials intervened on the couple's behalf, with State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki last month urging Qatar to lift their travel ban immediately and bring the case to "an expeditious and just conclusion."
Qatar hosts an important American military air operations center involved in airstrikes against the Islamic State group.
Western-style adoptions and cross-cultural families are relatively rare in 2022 World Cup host Qatar, which has aggressively pursued a higher international profile through sporting events and overseas investments.  A report by Qatari police had earlier raised questions about why the Huangs, who are of Asian descent, would adopt children who did not share their "hereditary traits."
___
Associated Press writer Adam Schreck contributed reporting from Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
More:

6 Ways to Prepare for Cyber MondayFollow on Twitter
Dec 1, 2014 6:00am
Even if you’re still recovering from the frenzy of Black Friday shopping, you can simplify your Cyber Monday and Cyber Week shopping with these tips.
Retailers often announce their Cyber Monday deals later and with less fanfare than Black Friday promotions, because they want shoppers in their doors early and often.
Don’t be caught off guard. Just run through this quick checklist, courtesy of DealNews , before you hit the e-commerce road.
5 Tech Tools to Hack Your Holiday Shopping List
1. Know Your Sizes and Size Charts
If you’re in need of a winter coat or boots, check out your favorite retailers’ size charts ahead of time, so you can expedite the shopping experience.
2. Step Into a Store to See the Goods First
“Showroom like you’ve never showroomed before,” writes DealNews’ Jeff Somogyi. This is helpful especially for big-ticket items or electronics, like appliances and smartphones.
3. You May Want to Adjust Your Work Day
The best deals may hit between 9 a.m. and 11 a.m. ET, according to DealNews. That means you might want to get to work before then, if you work during normal business hours on the East Coast. For those on the West Coast, get plenty of sleep the night before and set your alarm clock. There may be a surge of deals at the end of the day around 6 p.m. ET, writes Somogyi, so you might as well stay later at work too.
4. Prepare Your Promo Codes
“Use your Cyber Monday (formerly Black Friday) Wishlist to single out stores that might carry what you’re looking for, then Google for coupons or check out our  coupon page ,” writes Somogyi. These include codes for free shipping.
Many stories have online discount codes. Sears, for example, uses CYBER25, which will give you an extra 25 percent off certain products, such as outwear that’s already reduced up to 50 percent. Sears’ sister-store Kmart uses that same code to give shoppers an extra 15 to 25 percent off Joe Boxer apparel for the family, which is already reduced up to 40 percent.
5. Prepare Your Safe Passwords and Set Up Alerts, Newsletters
Remember to protect your identity by using secure, complicated passwords that can’t be easily guessed by cybercrooks. And for extra savings, you can sign up for deal newsletters, or DealNews alerts that search for low prices on specific items you request.
6. Know the Return Policy
Save yourself a headache later by reading the return and exchange policy. Some stores like Nordstrom, American Apparel and Victoria’s Secret usually allow you to return online purchases to brick-and-mortar locations.
 

Supreme Court Considers Facebook Threats CaseIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Death Toll From GM Ignition Switches Rises to 36It has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Pfizer Closes $635M Vaccines Purchase From BaxterIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Republicans Just Don t Get It  Part IIreddit
Why don't Republicans get it?  The 11 million illegal immigrants who have lived and raised families in the U.S. have become the latest millstone around their necks that probably derails any hope of a Republican presidency. Last year a bi-partisan Senate passed a bill on a 68 to 32 vote that would eventually allow them citizenship, but John Boehner refused to bring it up to a House vote.  And so President Obama just issued a directive that will defer 5 million illegals from any legal action, which polls show 85 percent of Hispanics support..
And we are a country founded by immigrants with every ethnic and racial group protected by our constitution.
Republicans haven't really gotten it since the 1970s, when they began to support policies to maximize profits at the expense of jobs and household incomes by weakening government oversight and regulations.  It is a well-documented story of poor job creation and middle class income reductions that enabled the massive transfer of wealth (and power) to business owners and corporate CEOs--the investor class--and away from their employees that has continued today
Forbes.com
Yet a country is only as strong and able to care for and protect its citizens as its government.  That's been the history lesson that today's Republican leaders have forgotten--the lessons that earlier Republicans knew.  It was Republican Presidents, such as Eisenhower that built our freeway system, and President Nixon signed the 1970 Clean Air Act into law with a unanimous Senate.
But  the 1970s soon changed such cooperation.  Republicans and their business supporters began creating policies that made government more business friendly and less middle class friendly. Maybe it was the Arab Oil Embargo and the realization of how vulnerable we were to a disruption of energy supplies.  It was the era of so-called stagflation that lasted until 1980 with its sky high inflation and devalued assets.
We saw the growth business friendly lobbies, such as the Business Roundtable that began to spend heavily to influence elections and ease trade restrictions.  That's when President Reagan sounded the death knoll for unions (and collective bargaining) with the firing of Air Traffic Controllers in the PATCO strike.  Corporations suddenly found it easier to terminate their employees and export those jobs and manufacturing plants overseas.
Household incomes began to shrink forever after, as President Reagan pushed through cuts in the maximum income tax rates for the wealthiest that had enabled Presidents Eisenhower to build our public infrastructure (when the maximum income tax rate was 92 percent), and Johnson to finance the Great Society that lowered poverty rates.
It was the beginning of President Reagan's Trickle Down economic policies that his Budget Director David Stockman (in The Triumph of Politics) soon realized created horrendous budget deficits, with very little trickling down to the middle classes and below.
It made the conservatives credo of self-sufficiency a lie, as Republicans now blocked any attempt to raise the minimum wage.  For how could families be self-sufficient and live on a minimum wage, unless they held two and three jobs, thus harming their families, and children of any chance for a good education?
Republicans have continued their all-out assault on government with their attempts to defund Obamacare that how insures tens of millions for the first time at lower costs, while continuing their efforts to privatize social security and Medicare.
Even public safety has been compromised with their refusal to help states rebalance their budgets that resulted in the loss of so many public employees during the Great Recession, such as police and teachers.
There is in fact no area that Republicans haven't weakened the public commonweal.  Every one of the Democrats' infrastructure and job creation bills since 2011 have been blocked by either Senate or House Republicans in the name of paying down the public debt.  Yet the productivity improvements and increased tax revenues generated by those jobs and an upgraded infrastructure are the only way to pay down that debt.  And Republicans backed by their conservative lobbyists will no doubt continue to do so, until our road and bridges are no longer drivable.
It is a sad state of affairs when Republicans are no longer the wealth creators, but have become the party of no.  Instead of finding ways to increase our productive capacity and boost household incomes, which are the real wealth creators, they continue to benefit the few at the top of the food chain, most of whom are only interested in enriching themselves.
By way of updating the 2012  jobs chart shown above, more net jobs have been created under Obama -- 5,142,000 as of the August 2014 jobs report -- than under George H.W. Bush -- 2,637,000 -- and George W. Bush -- 1,282,000 -- combined, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis.
Harlan Green © 2014
Follow Harlan Green on Twitter: www.twitter.com/HarlanGreen
More:

GE and Apple Do It  So Is Offshore Planning Really All That Tabooreddit
Offshore accounts have made headlines recently, with 51 global jurisdictions   agreeing to automatically share and exchange details of tax data. Included in this agreement is information on offshore accounts and their operational procedures. The decision brings new attention to overseas financial planning, and how top companies use offshore accounts to work around US tax codes.
In 2013, a study from US PIRG created waves in the financial world by digging up juicy details on offshore planning strategies used by Apple, Google, IBM, and other major firms. For all those who missed the memo, here's a beginner's introduction to how industry titans use offshore planning to get ahead.
5 Things You Need To Know
Here are five basic offshore planning principles you need to understand:
The term "offshore" means doing business or registering your business in another country , typically for tax benefits or other financial reasons. An "offshore company" is a firm that is incorporated in a foreign country.
Offshore companies do not have to abide by the tax codes in their home countries until they conduct business operations in those specific regions.
According to the US PIRG study, corporate giants are able to cut out over 90 billion in federal income taxes annually through offshore planning.
82 of the 100 largest publicly-traded companies have branches or subsidiaries overseas as of 2012.
Put together, the top 15 companies with offshore planning subsidiaries have a combined value of 776 billion in overseas assets.
In short, offshore planning allows businesses to avoid their home nation's tax code restrictions by operating or owning a subsidiary in a more tax-friendly overseas location.
GE, Apple, Google and Other Giants Cash Out
The US PIRG study notes that by keeping $102 billion offshore,  Apple pays almost nothing in taxes . Apple has three Irish branches that operate free of both Irish and US tax laws. Two of these subsidiaries don't have any employees.
Some of the other   big names include General Electric, with $108 billion in offshore funds, and Pfizer, with $73 billion overseas and 174 subsidiaries in 'tax haven' international areas.
Is Offshore Planning an Asset, or a Risk?
While mass media makes offshore planning synonymous with tax evasion, there's far more to the story. According to   Sovereign Man , "There are 100 percent legitimate ways to structure your business interests overseas and realize significant benefits from an asset protection standpoint -- as well as a tax-standpoint." The site notes that Google was able to remove $3.1 billion in owed taxes "in totally legitimate ways."
The site gives an example of how business owners can take advantage of beneficial workarounds in the US tax code: "Let's say you have a profitable company overseas. Now imagine that instead of paying taxes on your profits every year you can reinvest that capital in your offshore company every year for 30 years, and only pay taxes if you decide to sell the company after 30 years."
These tax benefits are completely legal if you're willing to do the legwork.
According to Howard Rosen, Esq., a partner at Donlevy Rosen & Rosen, experts in offshore asset protection, offshore planning has a completely unjustified association with criminality and evasion. "There are a lot of negative thoughts about offshore planning with various root causes," says Rosen. "One of the misconceptions is that if you set up an offshore account, you'll have to repatriate the cash if you're ever sued or face jail time for civil contempt. But if an offshore arrangement is competently prepared and implemented, you will NOT be taken to jail -- US law doesn't permit it."
"OFFSHORE PLANNING FROM A TO Z" - Donlevy-Rosen & Rosen, Southpac Trust, and NBI partner video course - http://t.co/irtbBFZhAb
— Donlevy-Rosen &Rosen (@ProtectYouLaw) November 5, 2014
Others agree that today's international business operations are   not just for large multinational companies. Entrepreneurs and small business can just as easily take advantage of offshore opportunities to diversify investment channels. And ExpatBriefing.com is quick to point out, offshore banking has  many benefits essential to anyone who is regularly transferring money between international accounts or currencies.
'Competently prepared and implemented' is a key phrase, here: offshore planning isn't something you can set up and execute without due diligence and extensive planning. But the big guys have planned it just right. In the end, Apple's 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission indicates that the company would pay a  U.S. tax rate of 34.5 percent if it brought its offshore profits back to the U.S.. Because our U.S. tax code gives companies credit for paying taxes abroad, we'll never see that tax revenue.
But that doesn't make the entire world of offshore finance somehow deceitful, or reproachable. For corporate giants like Bank of America, Google, Pepsi, Apple, and IBM, investing time into reducing their tax obligations through offshore planning is financial arrangement that will continue, so long as our tax system allows it..
Follow Andre Bourque on Twitter: www.twitter.com/SocialMktgFella
More:

Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy deal gets clearance from FIPBSun Pharma-Ranbaxy deal gets clearance from FIPB
10 Lessons Learned in Corporate That Every Entrepreneurs Can Use To Grow Their Businessreddit
For some people, working in corporate America can seem like torture, while for others the stability and security can seem like a dream come true. Whatever your view is on Corporate America, there are many valuable lessons that can be learned and applied to both your life and your business. For me, some of the best lessons and experiences I learned came from the various different positions that I held in corporate America.
Spending over 12 years climbing the corporate America ladder, I have learned to capitalize my corporate experience in order to start my own business and become a successful entrepreneur. While there are many ups and downs whether you are an entrepreneur or working for someone else, every challenge is an opportunity to learn and grow.
Today, I have a successful business of my own and I attribute much of my success to the following 10 lessons that I learned while in cooperate:
1. Be a problem solver.
In certain situations, you will not have all of the information needed in order to make a decision. This is where you have to become curious, go above and beyond the call of duty and do a little extra homework in order to solve  a problem. Not everything in life will be handed to you, but you can always do the best you can with what you have.
2. Meet people where they are.
Not everyone you meet will like you or vice versa. Many people will not want your help, advice or guidance and that is okay. We must learn to meet people where they are in their lives, rather than forcing people to be something that they either are not or not ready for yet. This alleviates so much stress and anxiety. Once we appreciate people where they are miracles will start to unfold.
3. Let go of the need to look perfect.
Many of us take pride in what we do; however sometimes we get so caught up in being perfect or looking a certain way that it can hold us back. Don't wait for instructions, don't wait for everything to be perfect before you take action. Nike's advertising slogan "Just Do It" is perfect; you may not always be right but at least you took action. Taking action and doing the best you can do is really all that is needed in taking a step in the right direction.
4. Keep a positive attitude.
Life is 10 percent of what happens to you and 90 percent of how you respond. No one wants to be surrounded by or do business with a negative, nasty person. Life will throw you many different kinds of challenges and if you allow the challenge to affect your mood and energy you have given your power over to the challenge. Avoiding drama is also so important, be careful who you surround yourself with as you are the average of the five people who you spend the most time with, so who are you spending the most time with? You many have to do some "spring cleaning" in this area.
5. Learn how to plan effectively.
This step is so important on so many levels. Plan the most important tasks that need to get done in the beginning of your day; this allows you to get the most important thing out of the way first. Also learn how to plan your day according to your energy levels, when do you have the most energy? When are you the most affective? Learning how to manage your self-care and listen to your body despite your work load is critical. Your health (getting enough sleep, eating the right foods and getting the right exercise) is so important because without your health you will not be successful in your career or business. What self-care activity can you commit to starting today that you have been putting off?
6. Be able to adapt quickly.
The biggest asset to any business professional is the ability to adapt quickly in any situation. Unexpected situations come up and you must learn how to adapt and get business done despite whatever detours occur. Being flexible and able to switch gears is critical in business.
7. Have a good work ethic.
Some of the most successful people in the world are some of the hardest working people. Once these people reach "success" they don't stop -- they keep on going -- their passions, desires and drive keep them motivated and inspired to do more, help more and give more. So tune into your desires, passions and drive. What fuels your work ethic?
8. Stay committed and disciplined.
When you are committed to a goal and have the discipline to get it done, results happen. The most successful people take daily baby steps towards their dreams and goals on a consistent basis. They stay committed and disciplined even when they do not want to do something. "Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out." -- Robert Collier
9. Actively listen more than you speak.
When you listen more than you speak so much can be learned. Actively listening means you are not only listening with your ears but you are listening to a person's body language, their reactions and what they are truly saying.
10. Trust your gut.
Never proceed in doing something if it doesn't feel totally right to you. There is a reason why something feels "off," listen to your intuition and tune into what feels right to you. Nine times out of 10 you will always be right if you listen to your gut.
Follow Kelly Lynn Adams on Twitter: www.twitter.com/KellyLynnAdams
More:

5 Reasons Entrepreneurs Should Be Proud To Failreddit
Failure isn't something to regret, and it isn't something to feel bad about; instead, entrepreneurs should celebrate their failures.
Failure is a touchy subject. From the time we're in school, we're taught that failure is an unquestionably bad thing, and clearly, success is better. For the most part, that's a true statement, but that doesn't mean that failure is always avoidable, and it doesn't mean that failure is always unproductive. In actuality, failure is a motivator and an essential step in any company's path.
You shouldn't seek failure out, by any means, but when you experience failure -- and you inevitably will -- embrace it with a sense of pride:
1. The only people who don't fail are those that don't try. Never stepping out of your comfort zone is a sure way to avoid failure, and many people do just that out of fear that failure will ruin them. If you've failed, it means you've taken a chance.
2. You've reached the end of one leg of the journey. Failures aren't the end of the road. They're just a mile marker to your ultimate goals. Now that this phase of your journey is over, you can get started on the next.
3. You can learn from your mistakes. If you fail to accomplish something, you've learned one way that it can't be accomplished. Process of elimination leads you closer to the "right" way to accomplish it. Failure is always a learning experience, and the best entrepreneurs recognize that.
4. You have an opportunity to reflect. Beyond your mistakes, failure gives you an opportunity to reexamine the problem you're trying to solve, and your overall approach thus far. It's an opportunity for personal growth.
5. You'll have a good story to tell. You might feel ashamed of failure for a day, a month, or even longer, but once you get over that hump, you'll find it to be an amusing anecdote--especially for when you eventually find success.
Don't beat yourself up over it. If you've experienced failure, take whatever you can from the experience, and move on to bigger and better things.
Jose Vasquez is a serial entrepreneur and tech enthusiast dedicated to helping startup technology companies get the direction and momentum they need to succeed. As the founder of Build. Brand. Blast. , Jose has established a collective resource for tech entrepreneurs to consult when brainstorming, creating, launching, or expanding a new business. Jose is also the founder and CEO of Quez Media Marketing, a marketing firm that combines technology and creativity to help new and growing companies get the results they need.
Jose graduated from Goldman Sachs' 10,000 Small Businesses program. Goldman Sachs is a partner of the What Is Working: Small Businesses section.
Follow Jose:

Car  utility vehicle sales rise in NovemberCar  utility vehicle sales rise in November
Swiss immigration vote flop brings relief but no resolutionSwiss immigration vote flop brings relief but no resolution
Microsoft buys email management mobile app A...You are here: Home > Collections > Microsoft
Microsoft buys email management mobile app Accompli
AFP Dec 2, 2014, 01.59AM IST
Tags:
Accompli
(Microsoft said Monday it…)
WASHINGTON: Microsoft said Monday it was buying the mobile email management application Accompli, in a deal reported to be worth more than $200 million.
The deal gives Microsoft a startup helping people more easily manage their mail on handsets using Google Android or Apple iOS operating systems.
"In a world where more than half of email messages are first read on a mobile device, it's essential to give people fantastic email experiences wherever they go," said Microsoft vice president Rajesh Jha in a blog post.
"The Accompli team is passionate about this quest. Their app provides innovative ways to focus on what's important in your inbox, to schedule meetings, and work with attachments and files."
The price was not disclosed by Microsoft, but reported by the news website Re/code.
Accompli's Javier Soltero said on his blog that the app "will become part of Microsoft's ambitious effort to reimagine productivity for the mobile era."
He noted that "18 months ago we started building a team and a product around the idea that we could make mobile email better. Today that journey continues as part of a larger organization with the technology, talent, and market reach that will help us take the vision of Acompli to hundreds of millions of mobile users across the world."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fiza died a natural death:courtBy: Express News Service | Mohali |
Posted: December 2, 2014 2:42 am
Anuradha Bali alias Fiza — the estranged wife of former Haryana Deputy Chief Minister Chander Mohan —died a natural death, said a local court while directing the police and local authority to release Fiza’s assets to her three sisters. The court said there is nothing on record to show that Fiza was married at the time of her death (August 2012) and since her parents had passed away earlier, her sisters were the legal heirs. “The closure report was accepted and it was observed that it was a natural death. Under these circumstances, there is no legal bar to the plaintiffs to inherit the estate of the deceased,” said Additional Civil Judge (Senior Division) Aashish Saldi.

NGOs say infection killed women  not spuriousdrugsBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 2:41 am
A fact-finding team from four NGOs has debunked the spurious drugs theory on the Chhattisgarh sterilisation deaths and alleged that patients recovering after the surgeries in Apollo hospital, and postmortem of at least seven victims have found evidence of septicaemia, indicating infection.
Alleging a “cover up that began from the second or third day”, the team has called for an independent probe. The report has been prepared by a team from Population Foundation of India, Family Planning Association of India, Parivar Seva Sansthan and Common Health.
According to Poonam Muttreja, executive director of PFI, “We found that some of the critical cases showed raised levels of procalcitonin that suggests septicaemia or infection in the blood. Postmortem of the first seven deaths at the Chhattisgarh Institute of Medical Sciences and the District Hospital had evidence of peritonitis, or an inflation of the inner wall of the abdomen.”
In the report, Robbed of Choice and Dignity: Indian Women Dead after Mass Sterilisation, postmortem details were not included. Countering the theory of zinc phosphide mixed in the antibiotics administered to the patients, Dr. Alok Banerjee, from Parivar Seva Sansthan, said.
“According to forensic and toxicology experts, the amount of zinc phosphide required to be lethal for women is 4.5 gms, which is much higher than what could possibly have been consumed by the women.”

India  France agree to fast track Rafale fighter jetdealWritten by Pranav Kulkarni | New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 2:39 am
In what may be seen as a positive signal towards concluding the multi-billion Medium Multi Role Combat Aircraft (MMRCA) contract for 126 French Rafale fighter aircraft, the Indian and French defence ministers Monday agreed to put the issue on the “fast track”.
While the over two-year delay in signing the MMRCA deal — in which French Rafale jet was declared the lowest bidder in 2012 — has triggered speculation that the contract may be shelved, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar and visiting French Defence Minister Yves Le Drian on Monday held a “positive meeting” on the issue.
“The two delegations met and talks were held in a cordial manner. Bot the sides agreed to take forward the partnership between the two countries that was envisaged in 1998. All the issues related to defence cooperation were discussed,” an official source in the Defence Ministry told The Indian Express.
The contract has remained a point of discussion during the recent diplomatic visits, including that of French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius in June. The visiting minister had at the time expressed confidence over the outcome of the deal. More recently in October, Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha had said that the contract is in the final stage of negotiations with all the agencies involved, including Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL).
According to sources, the difference of opinion between India and Dassault on license manufacturing by HAL has been one of the points of contention, leading to the delay in signing the contract. Raha had however expressed hope that the first squadron of Rafale jets would be ready within three to four years.
It may be noted that the IAF is already down to almost 34 squadrons from the stipulated strength of 39.5 and is thus in desperate need of the MMRCA jets.
The final contract will be signed only after a clearance from Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS).

HC directs Punjab govt to cremate Ashutosh Maharaj in 15daysPosted: December 2, 2014 2:28 am
BY SANJEEV VERMA
The Punjab and Haryana High Court on Monday declared that Ashutosh Maharaj, the chief of Nurmahal-based Divya Jyoti Jagriti Sansthan, had died a natural death on January 29, and directed the Punjab government to cremate the body within 15 days in accordance with due religious rights.
Justice M M S Bedi made it clear that in the meantime, the body would be kept with respect and dignity, and would not be displayed for any other purpose except for “last darshan” of persons claiming to be his relatives, friends or followers, a subject to public order and morality.
On January 29, the Jalandhar Sansthan doctors had declared Ashutosh alias Mahesh Kumar Jha clinically dead, after which the Sansthan management had kept the body in a freezer, stating that the spiritual head had gone into samadhi (deep meditation) and would come out one day. For the past nine months, the body has been lying inside the freezer.
Justice Bedi said, “It is declared that the belief of the followers of Maharaj Ji and DJJS, that they have got a right to retain the body of Maharaj Ji under refrigeration for an uncertain period being in Samadhi, is held to be not a practice protected by their religion, being not essential and integral part of their religion under Articles 25 and 26 of the Constitution. It is their fundamental duty under Constitution to develop scientific temper, humanism.”
Rampal repeat? Followers stream into dera, block road
Streams of followers started arriving at the Divya Jyoti Jagriti  Sansthan here on Monday after the High Court ordered cremation of dera head Ashutosh Maharaj’s body. Locals said this was unusual as large crowds of followers normally visited the dera on Sundays. Members of the Sansthan put up barricades on the road leading to the dera. Many musclemen manned the barricades and did not let in anyone except vehicles carrying dera followers. They manhandled some journalists and threatened to smash their cameras. The dera men relented only when a police officer asked them why they were behaving “like followers of Rampal”, the Haryana self-styled godman whose followers fought the police for two days in Hisar district before he was arrested.

Jewellery stocks shine as RBI scraps 80:20schemeBy: ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai |
Posted: December 2, 2014 2:28 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 2:32 am
Investors seem to be enthused by RBI’s surprise move to scrap curbs on imports of the yellow metal. On Monday, shares of jewellery retailers rallied anywhere between 3 -20 per cent.
The RBI on Friday unexpectedly removed the 80:20 scheme, under which jewellery makers had to mandatorily export 20 per cent of the imported gold before placing further shipments.
Titan, the biggest retailer by market value climbed as much as 8 per cent during the day trade, before closing at Rs 389.65, up 5.3 per cent.
Shares of three jewellery firms including Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri, Gitanjali Gems and Shree Ganesh Jewellery House rose to their daily limit of 20 per cent as the combined wealth of investors in these firms grew by Rs 325 crore.
Tara Jewels and Thangamayil Jewellery just stopped short of hitting upper circuits, up 18.5 per cent and 19.3 per cent, respectively. Rajesh Exports gained as much as 8.2 per cent in intraday before closing with a 3.4 per cent gain. Renaissance Jewellery and PC Jeweller rose by 2-3 per cent each. Titan saw the biggest single day gains since August 21.
On Monday, IIFL upgraded the stock to ‘buy’ from ‘add’ with a target price of Rs 450 per share. FE

AI row: SC refuses to pass interim order onsalaryWritten by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 2:26 am
The Supreme Court on Monday refused to pass any interim order on disbursing salaries to pilots and other employees of Air India (AI), saying putting the public carrier under any additional burden at this juncture may “kill the hen.”
“There has to be a practical way out. Any order should not be harsh on your employer (AI). We have to take care not to put any extra burden on them since it may kill them altogether. At this stage, we are not going to grant interim relief,” a bench of Justices Anil R Dave and Kurian Joseph said.
The bench was hearing a batch of cross-appeals filed by the AI and various employees’ unions against a Bombay High Court order on implementation of Dharmadhikari panel’s recommendations on merger of erstwhile Indian Airlines and AI.
On being asked by the bench to find a way out to the impasse, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that a four-member panel headed by former Supreme Court judge Justice DM Dharmadhikari was appointed to look into various issues that had risen after the merger of AI and Indian Airlines.
The prime bone of contention is whether the AI was obligated to give a notice to the employees under a provision of the Industrial Disputes Act before implementing the panel’s report. While the government and the carrier has maintained it was not required since the employees had participated in the proceedings before the panel, pilots and other employees argue otherwise. “Earlier, salaries were less and allowances were huge and the commission found that the total package was not viable,” said Rohatgi, while adding that the panel suggested substantial increase in basic salary and trimmed certain allowances. This arrangement may lessen the present salary, but increases the post retirement benefits, he said.
“You cannot be given flying allowances, which used to be $2,000 to $2,500, without flying minimum stipulated hours,” Rohatgi said, adding that around 3,500 AI officials have already accepted the panel’s recommendations.

Shiradi Ghat road-strengthening work beginsUpdated: December 2, 2014 02:52 IST
Shiradi Ghat road-strengthening work begins
Sathish G. T.
Tweet
Public Works Minister to announce date of closure of road on December 4
The work on strengthening the Shiradi Ghat stretch of national highway connecting Bengaluru with Mangaluru has begun. The National Highway Division of Public Works Department is likely to close the stretch for traffic in a couple of weeks. It will be closed for at least five months.
A team of senior officials of NH Division took a team of presspersons to the work spot on Monday. During the visit, the officials told presspersons that the work, which could be done without stopping the vehicles had begun. At present, the work of laying a concrete road of 13.62 km, connecting Heggadde, near Sakleshpur, with Kempu Hole, had begun. It is estimated to cost Rs. 69.9 crore.
“The work is scheduled for completion in about 18 months. The road will be closed only for five months, when the concreting work begins. Rest of the work could be taken up even while the vehicles keep plying,” C. Mruthyunjaya Swamy, Chief Engineer of National Highways, told presspersons.
In the 13-km stretch, there are about 52 culverts. Construction of six culverts has already begun. The construction company that has bagged the work has collected the materials required for the construction work. As per the estimation, 15,622 tonnes of cement, 30,507 cubic metres of sand and 65,860 cubic metres of metal will be required for this work. So far, the company had procured 8,000 cubic metres of sand and 6,000 cubic metres of metal, said Raghavan, Superintending Engineer. The National Highway officials have written to the Deputy Commissioner of Hassan to help the company in procuring sand.
Public Works Minister H.C. Mahadevappa is expected to inspect the road-work on December 4 and announce the date for the closure of the stretch for vehicles. “As of now, we have not decided the date of closure. It cannot be announced without holding a meeting with the Deputy Commissioners of Hassan and Dakshina Kannada. The Minister will hold a meeting in this regard during his visit to Hassan on December 4,” he said.
To a question, Mr. Swamy said the road had been in poor condition for various reasons. The repair work could not last for long owing to specific features of the locality. “According to a study, it was found that the road lost its quality easily owing to absence of drainage layer to let out water. We are taking utmost care to ensure proper quality of work this time. B.B. Pande, who is accomplished in designing highways, has designed this work too,” he said.

Wall Street ends lower; S&P500 posts biggest decline in a monthWall Street opens lower on oil, rouble drop
Reuters
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 98.87 points, or 0.58 percent, to 17,081.97, the S&P 500 lost 10.93 points, or 0.55 percent, to 1,978.7 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 35.68 points, or 0.77 percent, to 4,569.48.
(Reporting By Sinead Carew; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
cComments
This article has scant reference to the biggest story on the international scene today, the free fall of the Russian Rouble now at 79 to the dollar, up from the 30s just a short time ago. BBC said today, "Russia's rouble went into free-fall in Tuesday trading, falling repeatedly to...
Kasha11

India s RBI seen holding rates  sounding dovish to soothe governmentIndia s RBI seen holding rates  sounding dovish to soothe government
Arun Jaitley cautions regulators against functional overlapsArun Jaitley cautions regulators against functional overlaps
Iraq: Army and Shiite militias pushing against IS group in northIraq: Army and Shiite militias pushing against IS group in north
Medtronic Selling Bonds for Covidien Acquisition -- UpdateMedtronic Selling Bonds for Covidien Acquisition -- Update
CCI suggests changes to Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy dealCCI suggests changes to Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy deal
M&M shares down over 2 pc as sales fall in NovHi Guest
M&M shares down over 2 pc as sales fall in Nov
today fell by over 2 per cent after the company reported 13 per cent decline in total sales in November. Shares of the auto major declined 2.09 per cen to end at Rs 1,296.10 on the BSE. During the day, it lost 6.98 per cent to Rs 12,31.25 . At the ...

Your Credit Rating Might Predict How Likely It Is You ll Have A Heart AttackYour Credit Rating Might Predict How Likely It Is You'll Have A Heart Attack
Posted:
Updated:
11/25/2014 10:59 am EST
A new study by Duke University psychologists found that people with low credit scores are more likely to suffer from cardiovascular disease. | Peter Dazeley via Getty Images
reddit
A new study has found that your credit rating may be able to predict how likely you are to have a heart attack or stroke.
The multi-decade study, which was published last week in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, was performed by Duke University psychologists who looked at the cholesterol, blood pressure, diabetes status and smoking habits of over 1,000 New Zealanders -- and then compared their findings to those people’s credit ratings.
The study found that people with lower credit scores were more likely to be at risk for cardiovascular disease . That, the study said, is because the same factors that account for better credit scores -- the researchers focused on self-control, educational attainment and cognitive abilities -- also account for better health.
“For example, being able to regulate your impulses lets you say no to that second helping of dessert as well as to buying something you can’t afford,” said Salomon Israel, one of the study’s authors and a postdoctoral fellow in psychology and neuroscience at Duke.
The study also found that those traits begin to develop in the first ten years of a person’s life. The researchers have been following the study participants' development since birth. "Despite the passage of nearly three decades, childhood factors were all significantly correlated with their corresponding adult measures," the study concluded.
In order to measure self-control, researchers relied on reports from study members’ teachers and parents, as well as self-reports from the members themselves, about qualities such as hyperactivity, inattention and lack of persistence. Educational attainment was defined by the level of schooling each participant had completed, while cognitive ability was measured by evaluating participants' IQs at various points throughout their lives.
Of course, the association between poor credit and poor heart health could be due to other factors, too. The study acknowledged, for example, that losing a job after getting sick could cause a person’s health to deteriorate and their credit score to drop. On the flip side, someone with more money might be both healthier and more financially stable because they can afford to pay their bills on time and access quality health care.
But the study concluded that self-restraint, educational level and cognitive ability were nonetheless more important than these other factors in explaining the link between a sound credit rating and a strong heart.
In the U.S., credit ratings are determined by a complex algorithm used by credit bureaus, which receive information about how punctually people pay their bills from places like utility companies, banks and mortgage providers. Then, the bureaus plug that information into an algorithm and come up with a three-digit number that lenders, landlords and others use to assess your financial reliability.
Having a less-than-perfect credit rating can have a host of consequences. Just a few dings on your score can mean you’ll be paying higher interest rates on mortgages, car loans and credit cards. Having a few more dings means you could be denied a job or a place to live.
But people shouldn’t be so quick to assume that a bad credit score is only because a person was impulsive, says Paul Bland, a consumer lawyer and the executive director of Public Justice, a public interest law firm that brings litigation against corporations on behalf of consumers.
“In the U.S., there are so many mistakes on credit reports that it seems dubious to make a strong association between these personality traits and your credit reports,” Bland told The Huffington Post.
Mistakes on credit reports affect millions of Americans: One out of every five people with a credit report on file had an error on their report , the Federal Trade Commission found in 2013.
Bland pointed out that even if a person is scrupulous and has a history of always paying bills on time, something like medical debt could still quickly ruin their credit. Because unexpected illnesses or accidents don’t discriminate in who they afflict, research has shown that unpaid medical debt is an imperfect predictor of creditworthiness . Partly as a result of such research, major credit score provider FICO said in August that it would start giving less weight to unpaid medical bills in determining credit ratings when that is the only negative in a person’s credit history.
So what does this all mean? For those who make indulgent purchases even when your paycheck doesn’t allow it, it can't hurt to get your blood pressure and cholesterol checked. But at the same time, just because you have a few dents on your credit report doesn’t mean you’re going to keel over the next time you have to shovel the driveway.
H/T Consumer Reports
More:

After Opec: quantitative greasing© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/8794b5ec-76e4-11e4-944f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tiwary owes consistency to maturityMore
Tiwary owes consistency to maturity
Manoj Tiwary feels he has matured as a person and that it has brought him more consistency, as reflected in two centuries and two fifties from his last four List-A innings.
By Abhishek Purohit | ESPNcricinfo –  Mon 1 Dec, 2014 1:03 PM IST
Tweet
0
Manoj Tiwary. Manoj Tiwary made his India debut in February 2008. In close to seven years, he has been given nine ODIs, but even those have been limited to an odd game or two in a series. Forget a full series, he has never played three successive matches.
He would understandably become stressed at the lack of opportunities, but has stopped doing that now, he says. Tiwary no longer worries about India selection when he walks out to bat. He feels he has matured as a person and that it has brought more consistency, as reflected in two centuries and two fifties in his last four List-A innings, the latest being a match-winning 151 off 121 against North Zone in the Deodhar Trophy semi-final at the Wankhede Stadium.
"To be honest with you, I don't carry excess luggage while I go in to bat. Earlier I used to carry lot of baggage," Tiwary said. "I used to think about other people who are watching, I have to impress them, I have to play on the up, I have to play lofted shots like others but over a period of time I have realised what is my game and tried to improve on that. That helped me a lot. I have become more consistent now. No added pressure. I just go out there, watch the ball and play my game."
In the 2006-07 Ranji Trophy final, Tiwary had made a second-innings 94 against Mumbai at the same Wankhede Stadium in the company of Sourav Ganguly , who scored 90. Tiwary said the difference between him then and now was that he had toned down his aggression.
"Earlier I used to be very aggressive, now I have calmed down a bit. Earlier I used to be very short-tempered. I used to get upset about a lot of things, cricket as well as off the field. Earlier I used to throw away my wicket in the middle phase.
"But as you grow older you tend to become more mature, that helped me in my batting as well. I know my game really better than before. The injuries that happened to me also gave me a lot of time to think about my game as a cricketer and also as a person."
Tiwary credited his family for the change in his personality and his game. "I spent a lot of time with myself and my family members have helped me a lot during my injury phase, made me realise what you have to do next, think about yourself, your game. Earlier I used to watch a lot of motivational videos as you all know. That also helped me a lot."
He may not fret over India selection like he used to but he hopes for another chance with the national team, and a decent run. "I hope and I believe that I will get an opportunity and when I get an opportunity, I think it will be a longer rope I guess. I am just hoping and hoping that I get into the team again.
"Whoever is there in the team have also done really well for themselves and have performed at the given stages of their careers. It is very difficult to get into the team nowadays. Everybody scores runs. I wish I could play a lot of matches on wickets provided here, and in Rajkot."
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

The Twelve Days of Christmas  Will Cost You This Muchthe twelve days of christmas  will cost you this much
Metcash: lean times coming© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/71ef1078-7934-11e4-a57d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Amazon Rolls Out 15 000 Robots for Holiday Onslaughtamazon rolls out 15 000 robots for holiday onslaught
Giving To Charity For The First Time Read This FirstBy Paula Pant, WiserAdvisor.com
It's that time of year when many people's thoughts turn to those in need.
The holidays can inspire people to adopt a generous mood. You're thankful for the blessings you've received and want to pay it forward -- and you've also realized charitable giving can lower your taxes, as well.
Whether you'd like to donate to a local nonprofit or an international cause you feel passionate about, you want to make sure your money will be used properly. Here are the basics you need to know when it comes to evaluating a charity you're thinking of donating to -- and how to claim some tax breaks for your generosity.
Is the Charity Actually Helping?
It can be tough to wade through the many options you have when it comes to charitable giving, and you've heard some horror stories about scandals like misused funds. How can you tell if a charity is on the up and up?
1. Use Watchdog Sites
There are plenty of watchdog groups online who keep an eye on charities and rate them on a wide range of factors. By doing a little bit of research, you can discover whether or not a charity has come under scrutiny for bad behavior like overly aggressive fundraising, diversion of funds or false tax reporting. You can also view specifics like how they allocate their funds, their main sources of revenue and how long they've been in operation.
Top sites to check out include Charity Navigator , the American Institute of Philanthropy (AIP)'s CharityWatch , the Better Business Bureau's Wise Giving Alliance and GiveWell .
2. Do Your Own Digging
Each year, charities file a Form 990 with the IRS. On this form, the organization reports its mission, activities and financial figures for the past year, including revenue, expenses and liabilities. It's a good way to get an overall picture of how the charity is being run.
By law, charities are required to make their last three 990 forms available to the public. You should be able to obtain these forms through each charity's website, but if you don't see them listed, you can also call the organization and request a copy.
You'll also want to make sure the charity has a website and that it looks polished and contains key information, such as who is on the board of directors, what activities the charity is currently involved in and how to obtain a copy of its annual report. (Super-sleuths can compare the numbers in the charity's Form 990 with those given in the annual report to make sure they match). Websites that look unpolished or don't contain recent information are a good warning sign the charity has some issues.
What are you looking for in all your analyses? Big things are how much of the funds raised are being spent on further fundraising efforts (the AIP considers 60 percent to be a "C" or passing rating), whether fundraising costs have decreased over time (they should if the charity is being run well) and what the charity's overall budget stands at.
Finally, you'll want to confirm the charity is registered properly with the state in which it's located. In most states, nonprofit groups like charities are required to register before they may accept donations, and if a charity isn't registered, it's a red flag. You can check particular states here , but bear in mind that registering is just a sign of a charity's diligence and does not mean the charity has been endorsed by the state in question.
3. Speaking with the Charity
As someone who's thinking of donating, you have every right to ask a charity for specifics, on everything from how your money will be spent to their fundraising practices. Feel free to make personal contact with a charity representative to clear up anything you're not sure about.
Make Sure You Get All the Tax Deductions
Once you've made the donation, how do you report it on your taxes? In order to qualify for the maximum deduction on your charitable giving, keep these tips in mind:
Tax deductions for charitable contributions must be requested by filing IRS Form 1040 and itemizing all deductions on Schedule A.
In general, you're allowed to deduct, in full, cash contributions that constitute up to 50 percent of your adjusted gross income, property contributions up to 30 percent and contributions of appreciated capital gains up to 20 percent.
You must donate to a qualified tax-exempt organization. For more on qualified organizations, see IRS Publication 526.
You must subtract the amount of any perks you received as a result of your donation, such as merchandise or services.
When contributing property, you must demonstrate its fair market value and can only claim that amount. If you're donating clothing or household items, they must be in good condition.
Non-cash contributions over $500 must be reported on IRS Form 8283 , and you must obtain a written acknowledgement of receipt from the charity. Non-cash contributions over $5,000 require a written appraisal.
Be sure to keep detailed records of all contributions you make, including keeping copies of cancelled checks, bank statements and acknowledgement letters.

Russia ready to abandon South StreamRussia to abandon South Stream pipeline, says Putin
Daniel Dombey in Istanbul and Jack Farchy in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/10f5bb96-795c-11e4-a57d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dollar pulls back after reaching seven-year high vs yenDollar slips against yen on oil slump; rouble hits new lows
By Sam Forgione, Reuters
Energy Saving
The U.S. dollar hovered at its lowest level against the safe-haven yen in roughly a month on Tuesday while the Russian rouble continued its plunge against the greenback after an extended drop in oil prices fuelled concerns over the global economy.
8
The dollar also hit more than three-week lows against the euro and the Swiss franc after Brent crude  fell below $59 a barrel for the first time since May 2009, extending a six-month selloff and leading traders to take profits from recent dollar strength.
0
"Oil plunging ... is causing volatility in currencies and causing people to take profit in the dollar," said Alan Ruskin, global head of currency strategy at Deutsche Bank in New York.
The threat that tumbling oil prices pose to Russia's economy, along with the Russian central bank's failure to halt the currency's plunge through an emergency rate hike, led the Russian currency to collapse further to record lows of more than 70 per dollar. Sales of oil and gas are Russia's chief source of export revenue.
The dollar was last up 9.61 percent against the rouble  to trade at 72.37 roubles.
"If you have a deeply mono-export culture which is linked to oil, then the consequences of much lower oil prices are quite unfortunate," said Sebastien Galy, senior foreign exchange analyst at Societe Generale in New York.
Analysts also said the drop in oil prices could give the Federal Reserve reason to maintain an accommodative stance toward monetary policy at the end of a two-day meeting Wednesday and signal that the U.S. central bank will keep near-zero benchmark interest rates on hold for longer. That suspicion also hurt the dollar and led traders to favor the yen.
A Fed rate hike is expected to boost the dollar by attracting investment flows into the United States.
The euro  was last up 0.6 percent against the dollar at $1.2512, not far from a more than three-week high of $1.2569. The dollar was last down 0.61 percent against the Swiss franc  at 0.9596 franc, not far from an over three-week low of 0.9555.
The dollar was last down 0.97 percent against the yen  at 116.68 yen, holding near a session low of 115.58, which was the lowest since Nov. 17.
On Wall Street, the benchmark S&P 500 <.SPX> stock index was last up 0.45 percent.
(Reporting by Sam Forgione; Editing by James Dalgleish)

Clear out of Large San Jose Homeless Camp ComingIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Microsoft shares up as Xbox One sales soarMicrosoft up as Xbox One crushes it
By: Mike Snider December 1, 2014 3:35 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
A selection of special edition Xbox One video game console bundles.
Shares of Microsoft are up sharply Monday on reports that its Xbox One video-game console is having a banner holiday season.
Most retailers are reporting a lackluster Black Friday, but Xbox One is apparently shooting the lights out. The Xbox One is the #1 ranking console sold during Black Friday — and the #2 product overall behind a 16 Gigabyte iPad Mini, says market tracker Infoscout. That puts Microsoft’s next generation console well ahead of the PlayStation 4 at 31% in the battle for Black Friday market share. The older Xbox 360 took #3 at 9%, Infoscout says.
A Black Friday sales chart.
Microsoft’s efforts to turnaround Xbox One sales seem to be paying off. Microsoft decoupled its Kinect motion sensor, allowing consumers back in June to just buy the console at a lower cost. Price of the Xbox One has been aggressively cut and can be had for $329 with one game included.
These aggressive moves appear to be a game changer into the pivotal Black Friday period. Sales of Xbox One have been lagging those of Sony’s PlayStation 4 for the first year after each console launched.
Microsoft’s momentum can inject excitement into the console video game industry, said Brian Crecente, news editor of Polygon in a Black Friday story today . “Neck-and-neck competition is the sort that best suits gamers, so lets all hope for a tie,” he said.
Shares of Microsoft (MSFT) are up about 2% this afternoon at $48.70.
The Xbox One is a bright spot on a shopping weekend that had fewer folks heading out to stores  and spending less than in 2013. Nearly half of all shoppers (45%) planned to spend on technology products — from smartphones to TVs — higher than any of the last three years, said Shawn DuBravac, chief economist for the Consumer Electronics Association . “This shows tech is poised to enjoy strong sales throughout the entire 2014 holiday season,” he said.
 

CISF cop named new NDRFchiefBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 3:08 am
O P Singh, a Uttar Pradesh cadre IPS officer, has been named as the next director general of National Disaster Relief Force (NDRF). Singh is serving presently as additional DG (Airport) in Central Industrial Security Force.
Singh, a 1983-batch officer, will now be the full-fledged NDRF chief in the rank of additional DG for his remaining period of central deputation till January 15, 2018, the government said Monday.
In another major appointment, R K Pachnanda, a West Bengal cadre IPS officer given charge of additional DG (Airport). Pachnanda is presently posted as additional DG of CRPF.
Notably, Pachnanda had run into controversy after his appointment in the CBI was opposed by agency director Ranjit Sinha.
While A P Maheshwari, a 1984-batch Uttar Pradesh cadre IPS officer, has been appointed additional DG of BSF, D K Pandey, a Jharkhand cadre IPS officer, will take charge as additional DG of CRPF. Another IPS officer from Orissa cadre, Ramesh P Singh, will now be the Additional DG in the BSF.

Wont follow others  will do what I have to:SinhaBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 3:05 am
“I have only done bad things in the CBI. Enough dirt has been cast on me,” quipped CBI Director Ranjit Sinha on the eve of his retirement on Monday when asked to sum up his tenure.
Sinha, who has been at the centre of a controversy over the CBI’s probe into the 2G spectrum allocation case, chose to make no further no comments saying, “I do not want to say anything”.
Last month, the Supreme Court had directed Sinha to recuse himself from the 2G probe after allegations were levelled that he met several people connected with the scam at his residence while investigations were underway.
When asked about his post-retirement plans, Sinha replied, “I will not follow others. I will do what I have to.”
Sinha was caught in an embarrassing situation when he appeared to be dozing off while Home Minister Rajnath Singh was addressing the annual conference of state police chiefs and heads of central police organisations in Guwahati on Saturday. The following day, he again appeared to be napping, ironically at a time when Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke about the need for security personnel to stay alert and be accountable.

Explained: Land swap inoffingWritten by Shubhajit Roy | New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 3:04 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 2:31 pm
A Standing Committee on Monday urged Parliament to bring a bill to ratify the Land Boundary Agreement between India and Bangladesh.
What is the genesis of the Land Boundary dispute?
India and Bangladesh have a common land boundary of approximately 4,096.7 km. The India-East Pakistan land boundary was determined as per the Radcliffe Award of 1947. Disputes arose out of some provisions in the award.
What is the Land Boundary Agreement (LBA) of 1974?
It was an agreement signed on May 16, 1974, soon after the independence of Bangladesh, to find a solution to the complex nature of border demarcation. While Bangladesh ratified the agreement, India didn’t as it involved seceding territory and indicating these precise areas on the ground. The 1974 agreement provided that India would retain half of Berubari Union No. 12 and in exchange Bangladesh would retain the Dahagram and Angarpota enclaves. The Agreement further provided that India would lease in perpetuity to Bangladesh a small area near Dahagram and Angarpota (the “Tin Bigha” corridor) for the purpose of connecting Dahagram and Angarpota with Bangladesh.
READ: Bring bill to ratify Indo-Bangla boundary pact: Land Boundary Agreement to House
Finally the agreement was implemented in entirety, though India did not ratify, with the exception of three issues pertaining to un-demarcated land boundary of approximately 6.1 km in three sectors — Daikhata-56 (West Bengal), Muhuri River-Belonia (Tripura) and Lathitila-Dumabari (Assam); exchange of enclaves; and adverse possessions.
What is the issue of enclaves?
The flawed nature of the Partition left 111 Indian enclaves in Bangladesh (17,160.63 acres) and 51 Bangladesh enclaves in India (7,110.02 acres). Their inhabitants do not enjoy full legal rights as citizens of either country or proper facilities such as electricity, schools and health services. Even law and order agencies do not have proper access to these areas.
A joint headcount estimates the population in the enclaves to be around 51,549 (37,334 of them in Indian enclaves within Bangladesh).
What does the LBA say on enclaves?
It states that people in these areas have the right to stay where they are as nationals of the State to which the areas were transferred. But a joint India-Bangladesh delegation that visited these enclaves in May 2007 found that people residing in Indian enclaves in Bangladesh and Bangladeshi enclaves in India did not want to leave their land and would rather be in the country where they had lived all their lives. Movement of people, if any, is therefore expected to be minimum.
What about land ‘in adverse possession’?
‘An adverse possession’ is territory that is contiguous to India’s border and within Indian control, but which is legally part of Bangladesh. Residents of these adverse possessions are Indian citizens. The same applies to Bangladeshi adverse possessions. In respect of adverse possessions, India is to receive 2,777.038 acres of land and to transfer 2267.682 acres to Bangladesh.
However, the reality is that the area to be transferred is already in the possession continued…

Panel meets to select new CBI chieftodayBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 2:57 am
A panel comprising Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Chief Justice of India H L Dattu and Mallikarjun Kharge, leader of the single largest opposition party in Lok Sabha, is set to meet Tuesday evening to select the new CBI Director with the incumbent Ranjit Sinha set to retire the same day.
The panel is expected to meet at Prime Minister’s official residence — 7, Race Course Road.
Sources said the government has drawn up a list of 43 officers, of whom 22 are not empanelled at the Centre.
CBI officials said till the new CBI chief assumes charge, Special Director Anil Sinha, who is the seniormost officer in the agency, will automatically become its interim head.
Last week, Parliament passed a Bill amending the Delhi Special Police Establishment Act to include leader of the single largest opposition party in Lok Sabha as a member of the CBI chief selection committee, instead of the Leader of the Opposition.

Toy scooters are driving more and more kids to the emergency room  study saysBy Abby Phillip December 1 Follow @abbydphillip
Foot powered scooters are the driving force behind an increase in the rate of toy-related emergency room visits for kids. (Nationwide Children's Hospital)
In 2000, the Razor scooter landed on the U.S. toy market and took off. The foot-powered scooter, which offered a smooth, speedy ride and was maybe even a little cooler than a bike,  sold more than 5 million units in six months and was named Spring/Summer Toy of the Year by the Toy Industry Association.
But around that same time, non-fatal emergency room visits by kids associated with their beloved toys also spiked, according to a new study.
Since 1990, non-motorized scooters like the Razor and dozens of other ride-on toys currently on the market have been a driving force behind a big increase in the number of injuries that are severe enough to send kids to the emergency room.
A first-of-its-kind study by researchers at the Nationwide Children's Hospital found that between 1990 and 2011, more than 3.2 million kids were estimated to have been sent to the ER for toy mishaps. And the rate of injury increased by 40 percent in that time.
The growth was mostly attributed to those foot-powered scooters, the authors contend.
"Much of the increase in the overall toy injury rate after 1999 is due to foot-powered scooters," Gary Smith, the study’s senior author and director of the Center for Injury Research and Policy at Nationwide Children’s Hospital, said in a statement." In fact, I will say that I’ve never seen anything like it in my career."
The study, which was published in the Journal of Clinical Pediatrics  on Monday, is the first to look at toy-related injuries using nationally representative data. It used ER visit data from the National Electronic Injury Surveillance System that tracks consumer product-related injuries treated in thousands of U.S. hospitals.
About half of the injuries occurred in children who were younger than 5 years old, and they were more likely to be injured by exploratory and practice play toys than older children. Children who were younger than 3 years old were also more likely to accidentally ingest or choke on toys.
But among kids 5 years and older, they were most likely to sustain injuries from playing with ride-on toys and toy weapons than younger kids. And about 77 percent of the ride on toy injuries were due to falls.
Ride-on toys -- which include scooters, tricycles and toy wagons -- not only lead to cuts and scratches but also broken, fractured, or dislocated limbs.
“The frequency and increasing rate of injuries to children associated with toys, especially those associated with foot-powered scooters, is concerning,” said Smith, a professor of pediatrics at Ohio State University. “This underscores the need for increased efforts to prevent these injuries to children. Important opportunities exist for improvements in toy safety standards, product design, recall effectiveness, and consumer education.”
The risks can be managed, however.
According to the study's authors, in the years after ride-on toys such as scooters zoomed to the top of Christmas wish lists in the United States, greater public awareness of the injury risks helped bring down the injury rate after the sudden spike around 2001.
But since 2005, some of that progress appears to have eroded and the number of ride-on toy related injuries has been rising once again.
Rebecca Mond, director of federal government relations for the Toy Industry Association, said the new study further highlights the need for a continued partnership between manufacturers who are responsible for product safety and parents who supervise their children at play.
"Parents can really be assured that toys sold on U.S. shelves are safe," Mond said in an interview. "It's important for us as parents to also pay attention to our children when we're playing and pay attention to age grading for toys and making sure that our children are safe when they are riding on these scooters."
Razor USA, the company that makes the popular Razor scooter, recommends that its scooters not be used by anyone under the age of 8 without parental supervision. They also recommend using helmets and knee and elbow pads at all times.
In a statement, Katherine Mahoney, the vice president of marketing at Razor noted that the study did not compare the Razor scooter to other "competitive" ride-on toys like bikes, in-line skates and skateboards.
"That these results would skew toward scooters being associated with 'more' injuries is not surprising – but the point is that when compared to other competitive ride-on products, scooters are actually less risky and, even so, the rate of injuries associated with the use of a scooter is not statistically different today than it has been for years," Mahoney said.
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

Core growth at 4-mth highCore growth at 4-mth high
Toyota Recalling 422K Lexus Models for Fuel Leaktoyota recalling 422k lexus models for fuel leak
Black Friday Sales Tank Over Thanksgiving WeekendBlack Friday Weekend Slows Down As Allure Fades
 | By                                                                ANNE D'INNOCENZIO
Updated:
12/01/2014 12:59 am EST
Black Friday shoppers leave the Target store in Fairfax, Virginia, on November 28, 2014. Black Friday, the biggest US shopping 'holiday,' kicked off with expectations that lower gasoline prices and higher consumer confidence could mean better year-end retail sales than last year. But there was little sign of the buying fever of years past, after many retailers started Black Friday sales early, turning Thursday's Thanksgiving Day holiday into what the industry has dubbed 'Gray Thursday.'      AFP | PAUL J. RICHARDS via Getty Images
reddit
NEW YORK (AP) — Black Friday fatigue is setting in.
Early discounting, more online shopping and a mixed economy meant fewer people shopped over Thanksgiving weekend, the National Retail Federation said Sunday.
Overall, 133.7 million people shopped in stores and online over the four-day weekend, down 5.2 percent from last year, according to a survey of 4,631 people conducted by Prosper Insights & Analytics for the trade group.
Total spending for the weekend is expected to fall 11 percent to $50.9 billion from an estimated $57.4 billion last year, the trade group estimated.
Part of the reason is that Target, J.C. Penney, Macy's, Wal-Mart and other major retailers pushed fat discounts as early as Halloween. Some opened stores even earlier on Thanksgiving. All that stole some thunder from Black Friday and the rest of the weekend.
Still, the preliminary data makes retailers worried that shoppers remain frugal despite improving employment and falling gas prices.
Matt Shay, the trade group's CEO, said he thinks people benefiting from the recovery may not feel the need to fight crowds to get the deepest discount on a TV or toaster. And those who feel like the recession never ended may not have the money and will stretch out what they spend through Christmas.
And shoppers are still feeling the effects of high food prices and stagnant wages.
"While they're more optimistic, they're very cautious," Shay said. "If the deals are not right for them, they're not going to spend."
Bottom line: Expect more deep discounts, all season long.
"Every day will be Black Friday. Every minute will be Cyber Monday," he said.
That could be what it takes to get shoppers to open their wallets for the holiday shopping season, which accounts for about 20 percent of annual retail sales.
Besides economic factors, people are becoming more discerning when they shop. Armed with smartphones and price-comparison apps, they know what's a good deal — and what's not.
Kimani Brown, 39, of New York City, was among the Black Friday defectors. After four years of braving the crowds, the sales failed to lure him out this year.
"I consider myself a smart shopper. And it's not as alluring as it used to be," Brown said. "It's a marketing tool, and I don't want to be pulled into it."
He also said the frenzy pushed him to overspend, and he paid the price in January on his credit card statement.
Instead, he said he will look online Monday, the online shopping day often called Cyber Monday.
Some who went shopping on Thanksgiving felt they were doing it against their will. Cathyliz Lopez of New York City said she felt forced to shop on the holiday.
"It's ruining the spirit of Thanksgiving," the 20-year-old said Thursday. "But I was checking all the ads, and the best deals were today."
The National Retail Federation is still predicting a 4.1 percent increase in sales for the season. That would be the highest increase since the 4.8 percent gain in 2011.
Some stores and malls had reason to be optimistic.
Dan Jasper, a spokesman at Mall of America in Bloomington, Minnesota, said customer counts are up 5 to 6 percent for the four-day weekend. One plus: Shoppers were buying more for themselves, a sign of optimism.
"They felt confident in the economy," he said.
CEOs at Target and Toys R Us said they saw shoppers not just focusing on the doorbuster deals but throwing extra items in their carts.
Macy's CEO Terry Lundgren told The Associated Press on Friday that he's hoping lower gas prices will help spending.
"There's reason to believe that confidence should continue to grow. That should be good for discretionary spending," he said.
Some of those discretionary dollars are migrating online.
Target said Thanksgiving saw a 40 percent surge in online sales and was its biggest online sales day ever. And Wal-Mart reported Thanksgiving was its second-highest online day ever, topped only by Cyber Monday last year.
From Nov. 1 through Friday, $22.7 billion has been spent online, a 15 percent increase from last year, according to research firm comScore. On Thanksgiving, online sales surged 32 percent, while Black Friday online sales jumped 26 percent.
In stores, shoppers spent $9.1 billion on Black Friday, according to research firm ShopperTrak, down 7 percent from last year. That was partly due to a 24 percent surge in Thanksgiving sales, to $3.2 billion.
ShopperTrak estimated that in-store sales for the two days combined slipped half a percent to $12.29 billion.
______________
Follow Anne D'Innocenzio at https://twitter.com/adinnocenzio
More:

Great legal quotations from the last 30 yearsBy Eugene Volokh December 1 Follow @volokhc
Fred Shapiro of the Yale Law Library — editor of the Yale Book of Quotations and the Oxford Dictionary of American Legal Quotations — writes:
I am working on the second edition of the Yale Book of Quotations. At some point I might be working on the second edition of the Oxford Dictionary of American Legal Quotations. For both of those projects, I would welcome any suggestions of famous or historically important or particularly eloquent legal quotations from the last 30 years. Quotations could come from judicial opinions, law-related books or articles, political speeches or debates or commentary, trials or the annals of crime, etc.
Please pass along your favorites!
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Shakeup at WGCI: Morning show  program director outShakeup at WGCI: Morning show, program director out
posted on
Tweet
Tony Sculfield, Nina Chantele and Leon Rogers
Morning personalities Tony Sculfield and Nina Chantele were forced out Monday in a programming shakeup at urban contemporary WGCI FM 107.5.
Sole survivor of the morning team is Leon Rogers, who will stay on with soon-to-be-named new hosts. Until then, Rogers will co-host mornings with weekend personality Rob Nice.
Kenard Karter
Also out after nine months as program director of WGCI is Kenard Karter. His duties will be assumed by Derrick Brown, director of urban programming for iHeartMedia Chicago.
“Like any business, we periodically review our operations and programming to ensure that we are meeting our listeners’ needs and providing them with the best and most relevant content,” an iHeartMedia Chicago spokeswoman said in a statement. “Occasionally this means that we need to make some changes and offer other programming that we believe will resonate well with the audience.”
Billed as “The Morning Riot,” Sculfield, Chantele and Rogers were assembled in April 2009 when Steve Harvey’s syndicated morning show moved from WGCI to urban adult-contemporary sister station WVAZ FM 102.7. Their last show together aired Monday.
Chantele doubled as midday personality on Top 40 WKSC FM 103.5. The revised weekday lineup at Kiss FM will feature Christopher “Brotha Fred” Frederick and Angi Taylor from 5 to 10 a.m., Ryan Seacrest from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m., Jordan (Ryan Gorman) from 2 to 6 p.m., Brady Broski from 6 to 11 p.m., and Rufio (Kevin Santiago) from 11 p.m. to 5 a.m.
All of the moves follow the appointment in late September of Matt Scarano as market president for the iHeartMedia Chicago cluster. He succeeded Earl Jones, who was promoted to senior vice president of urban operations for the company.
In the latest Nielsen Audio survey, WGCI ranked 15th in mornings with a 2.5 percent audience share and cumulative weekly audience of 464,000. Among listeners between 18 and 34, the station ranked seventh in mornings with a 5.1 share and weekly cume of 210,400.
PREVIOUS POST

Business Takes a Decisive Leap: Breakthrough in Collaborating for Goodreddit
If Planet Earth were a business, no executive could look at the metrics -- whether melting glaciers or widening income disparity, whether disappearing rainforests or the global economic crisis -- and not come to the same conclusion: we need a turnaround.
Assuming that NASA's Mar. 2014 forecasting is right -- or even half-right -- we've got 20 years to stave off irreversible global industrial civilization collapse "due to unsustainable resource exploitation and increasingly unequal wealth distribution."
Business leaders see this compelling case for change. And increasingly, many are taking a stand to be accountable for addressing humanity's challenges. They recognize how we're all part of this breakdown and are saying it's time to change the game. Now. For good.
These leaders see that concerns about the future have become so blinkered by deeply entrenched conventional financial parameters that we've entirely lost touch with the true purpose of business -- to provide value-added goods and services for a socially just, environmentally sustainable and economically thriving world.
That's why companies like Unilever, Whole Foods, Salesforce and HP are shifting their products and protocols away from ones that maintain disintegrative global trends. Instead, they are leading toward a more interconnected world for the sake of a flourishing future for all stakeholders.
They're awakening to a greater responsibility for generations to come, and in so doing are proving the correlation between doing good and doing well. As Paul Herman, author of HIP Investor (Human Impact + Profit) says, "We have mounting indisputable evidence that investing in initiatives that serve people and the planet provides a greater economic return than not doing so."
And, they aren't doing it alone. Some people, like forerunners in social entrepreneurism, responsible investment, and the Corporate Leaders Group saw the signals early. They've been working on win-win solutions that deliver returns and serve the world for 10 years and longer. More recently, creative cross-sector business partnerships like BICEP, the Business Alliance for the Future and We Mean Business are making their members' collective voices heard.
Others finding new ways to work together and signing on to difference-making social and environmental initiatives include business groups such as BCorp, American Sustainable Business Council, Sustainable Brands, Conscious Capitalism, Huffington Post, Real Leaders, UN Global Compact, World Business Academy and many more.
Individually, these groups are having real impact. Three examples are: Social Venture Network's Divest-Invest energy campaign, Ceres' Call for Action on Climate Change , and World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD)'s Vision 2050 new agenda for business serving the world.
Yet, a critical question remains -- are these worthy, noble initiatives happening fast enough, or at a scale large enough to produce the systemic change we need to remedy the breakdowns we face?
This question was asked to leaders of 30 business associations and networks at a gathering of the Business Alliance for the Future earlier this year. All 30 agreed that the answer was "no." The collective view was there is about 5 years left to turn the raging tide.
Many said they're clear that the business community has the solutions and resources to address our global challenges. But what's missing, they said, is a way of unifying or working together, in interdependent ways to support aligned organizations. They want to work within business and with other sectors of the economy, to accelerate what's already happening on the ground.
So what's needed here is something to fill the gap and create a breakthrough in collaboration to exponentially accelerate needed systemic change -- without creating another organization.
It's true that organizations have been working on collaborative cultures, high performance teamwork, coopetition for a few decades. Yet, the collision of immense global challenges with shifting social consciousness and exponential technological change requires totally new human commitments and capacities to think and act in unified and interdependent ways.
This world isn't a dreamscape. New collaborations are possible, doable, and happening.
Just last month, sustainability pioneer Paul Hawken revealed Drawdown.org to show how reversing climate disruption impacts is not just possible, but predictable, if we share solutions that we know already work.
And in California, the World Business Academy' Clean Energy Moonshot is calling for new partnerships across government, business, science and civil society for an audacious, accelerated pathway to 100% clean and renewable energy economy.
This new way of thinking about business is the challenge -- and opportunity -- for our age.
The future of business is making the future its business.
By accelerating Business' Decisive Leap in creating a breakthrough collaborating for good, business will become the engine that pulls us away from the precipice of decline and collapse and toward a future where business, people and nature flourish.
To learn more about the work of the authors in the Business Alliance for the Future, visit here .
More:

Intermission: New worldsBy Alyssa Rosenberg December 1 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Ragnar, right, and King Aelle’s brother in the History Channel’s “Vikings.” (Jonathan Hession)
Now that the fall television season is essentially over, I’m using my second monitor to catch up on “Vikings,” a harrowing but optimistic story about explorers’ curiosity disguised as a pre-modern bloodfest. With the end of the year upon us, what is on your list to be ready to watch in 2015? And what is your plan for catching up?
• “ Americans Have Always Felt Guilty About TV Watching ,” by Lenika Cruz: The so-called Golden Age of Television may have helped Americans feel better about their relationship with their favorite portals to other worlds. In the Atlantic, Cruz goes back in time to track the changing shape of those complicated feelings.
“In the late 1980s, research began to indicate the existence of consumer guilt and its useful role in capitalism (terms like ‘guilt market’ were coined),” Cruz explains. “Networks recognized their stake in easing their viewers’s collective guilt and adapted accordingly. According to Brooks, viewers tend to feel better about watching TV if they can feel there’s a mentally stimulating component—hence the eventual meteoric rise of franchises like ‘Law & Order’ and ‘CSI,’ with their seemingly infinite capacity to generate spinoffs.”
• “ Want a helping hand? Try wearing high heels ,” by Chloe Angyal: Angyal, a PhD with an expertise in gender roles and popular culture, meditates on our attachment to one of our most impractical pieces of apparel.
“I’ve often felt, when wearing heels, that my ability to quickly flee from potential danger is impeded, and this isn’t the first time that, as a culture, we have decided that women are most attractive when their mobility is restricted,” Angyal argues. “We’ve largely done away with corsets and petticoats. But we still believe that women are sexiest — and many women still feel most confident and powerful — in footwear that often hurts them, causes long term orthopedic damage, and literally makes them less stable and less mobile than men. I’m not calling for a feminist ban on pumps, but their persistence does make you wonder.”
• “ Jeff Chang’s ‘Who We Be’ traces how art reflects social change ,” by Eric Thurm: I swear that I’m not citing this essay because Thurm says very kind things about me in it (though I am grateful). Instead, I’m incredibly excited to hear about a new Jeff Chang book, especially one that looks at art that is simultaneously a cultural and a political statement.
“Chang’s argument is, simply put, a full-throated defense of multiculturalism—a vision of America as composed by the innumerable local and broader cultures that produce something greater than the sum of their parts,” Thurm writes. “Acknowledging that the word has become dirty for many—signifying an empty commitment to what’s being deemed “diversity”—Chang attempts to reclaim its legacy by tracing its evolution through a variety of social and, more importantly, artistic movements. Chang’s compelling picture of multiculturalism isn’t just, or even primarily, an aesthetic idea—asserting oneself as a multiculturalist makes political demands, and suggests something about the way America has increasingly been forced to admit a variety of perspectives, and about how we should deal with race as a political fact of life. Chang captures how we increasingly respond to art that blurs cultures while keeping their boundaries somewhat intact as it reflects who we are and who we aspire to be. The use of the word ‘colorization’ is potent—it indicates the shades of skin and the art that populates the book.”
• “ What ‘Doctor Who’ is telling us about the changing ways we watch TV ,” by James Whitbrook: In io9, Whitbrook suggests that genre shows are leading the way in changing our approach to watching television because fans of these kinds of programming are predisposed to play with new technology.
“But you’ll notice it’s all genre shows that are pushing that trend now — they’re becoming the faces of these new services, they’re the big pull whenever a digital platform or catch up service is advertising itself,” Whitbrook writes. “Watch Game of Thrones wherever you want! Doctor Who on every advert for the iPlayer you can see! I think that’s largely because the audience these shows foster — mainly us geeky types — are leading the vanguard, because we like this sort of shiny new technology aspect of it all as well. It makes sense that ‘nerd shows’ are what’s driving On demand services and streaming and all that hot stuff that’s been on the rise in TV land in the past few years, because already as fans of nerdy stuff, we’re intrigued by the idea of newer technologies in our fiction — so why wouldn’t we be interested in it when it comes to the way we watch our media, either?”
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

EEOC Champion of Vulnerable Workers Deserves Reconfirmationreddit
P. David Lopez has served as the general counsel of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission since 2010, running the litigation program that enforces the nation's employment discrimination laws. Along with several other more high profile Obama administration appointees, General Counsel Lopez faces a confirmation before the U.S. Senate, with a critical vote to take place early this week.
General Counsel Lopez is a consummate public servant who has dedicated nearly his entire career to enforcing the nation's civil rights laws, first as an attorney with the U.S. Justice Department's Civil Rights Division, and then as a local attorney for a dozen years with the EEOC in Arizona. In his four years as EEOC's general counsel, he has transformed the EEOC's 15 regional attorneys and 325 lawyers into a cohesive "One National Law Enforcement Agency." His track record has prompted the National Law Journal to name him one of America's 50 Outstanding General Counsel.
So his reconfirmation for a second term will be an easy formality, right? If only.
Lopez's nomination is not without opposition. Approval by the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions (HELP) Committee was on a strict party line vote. A report authored by Ranking Member Lamar Alexander focused on perceived "litigation failures," highlighting ten cases since 2011 in which the EEOC was ordered to pay defendants' attorney's fees (while acknowledging that only five of these were filed during Lopez's tenure).
A fair look at Lopez's record shows that under his tenure, his staff and he have ably enforced the nation's employment discrimination laws. The EEOC's litigation program has been highly successful, resolving more than 90 percent of the cases filed by agency litigators, while focusing especially on the rights of the most vulnerable workers. Consider the following:
Workers with disabilities: Under Lopez's leadership, the EEOC's litigation staff brought lawsuits to flesh out the Americans with Disabilities Act Amendments Act of 2008 and to vindicate the rights of workers with disabilities. According to a September 2014 HELP Committee report , workers with disabilities have the highest unemployment rate and the lowest workforce participation of any group in the country. The EEOC addressed this persistent problem by bringing more than 200 disability discrimination lawsuits since FY 2011, recovering $52 million.
One of EEOC's most notable cases during this period vindicated the rights of 32 intellectually disabled workers brought to work at a turkey processing plant in Iowa. They were housed in an old schoolhouse, denied medical treatment, and subjected to verbal and sometimes physical abuse. The jury returned a verdict of $240 million, the largest in agency history.
Immigrant workers and farmworkers: The EEOC's docket of immigration cases identifies 30 settlements of cases between 2010 and 2012, with 17 more cases still in litigation. These lawsuits involved some of the most shocking allegations to be found in employment cases: repeated instances of sexual harassment of farmworkers; trafficking of immigrant workers in order to exploit them; physical and sexual assaults; requests for sexual favors; and derogatory slurs. In one notable case, a supervisor harassing a Latina farmworker publicly encouraged the woman's husband to kill her. After the husband did try to kill her, the supervisor blamed her for the husband's arrest and fired her.
In addition, Lopez helped develop the EEOC's Strategic Enforcement Plan, which smartly puts the agency's limited resources to best use by prioritizing discrimination charges that have the highest stakes. And he is known for his extensive outreach efforts, not only to the plaintiff and management bars, but also to employers and workers' groups.
So what of those ten or so losses discussed in the HELP Committee? As the National Law Journal said, "Lopez knows agency lawyers won't -- and shouldn't -- win all their cases." Winning employment discrimination cases is a difficult job, and setbacks will happen. But Lopez's complete record shows that they are the exception to hundreds of victories and settled cases.
Lopez is the right lawyer to lead the EEOC's litigation efforts. In the interest of ensuring that the nation's employment discrimination laws are fairly enforced, the Senate should reconfirm P. David Lopez as the EEOC's general counsel this week.
Sharon M. Dietrich is litigation director with Community Legal Services, Inc. in Philadelphia, PA; Maurice Emsellem is director of the Access and Opportunity Program at the National Employment Law Project in Oakland, CA.
More:

4 Signs You re Not Cut Out for Working from Homereddit
Working from home is the American dream for many -- but it can quickly turn into a nightmare . Simply put, not everyone is cut out for telecommuting, working from home, or virtual offices -- and that's okay. Just because something sounds appealing doesn't mean you have the compartmentalization skills necessary to balance work and life in the same landscape.
This is one issue you don't want to push.
The good news is that there are options like hot desking, shared business space, and even working from your local coffee shop. As an entrepreneur, the trick is finding an environment that's best for you -- and where you're most productive . Have you been trying to force yourself to be a work-from-home entrepreneur? If so, here are a few signs that it's just not going to happen:
 
You're a procrastinator
 If this describes you, you know it (your grammar school teachers probably commented on it). If you're prone to putting things off and have to finish Boy Meets World on syndication each morning before starting your work, you're setting yourself up for failure. Procrastinators usually need a little more structure and separation of work and home.  This will also lead to a lot faster client burnout . 
You're a multi-tasker
 The good news is that studies are finally showing that multi-tasking is impossible and leads to poor results all around -- the bad news is that a lot of people still try to do it. If you find yourself folding laundry while simultaneously trying to have a conference call, you're in trouble. Your home has a lot of work waiting for you, but so does your job. You need to be able to set aside time for each (without it overlapping). 
You get distracted
 Surely work can wait while you organize your spice rack just this once, right? Wrong. If distractions are a problem for you, working from home just might be too tempting. Granted, there are some people who can honestly do their best work with the television on mute, but for many they'll get caught up in the latest mid-day soap drama. Distractions will destroy your business and your home is full of them.
Do you realize that the average person will leave your website in 400 milliseconds of time?  This is shorter than it takes a person to blink.  You only have so long to attract the attention of your customer , if you miss this opportunity your customer will leave and never come back.
 
You can't remember the last time you saw daylight
 On the other end of the spectrum, there are entrepreneurs who need to leave the home in order to get a reality check. You still need to take breaks, schedule time to work out, stretch and get some fresh air even as an entrepreneur. If you hole up in your house, it doesn't really matter if you're making $1,000+ per day when you've become a hermit. Forcing yourself to "go to work" can help keep you balanced.
 
If you think working from home works for you, count yourself lucky and don't force yourself to get an office "just because". Working from home has many benefits , and if you're fortunate enough to be able to swing it, more power to you. Just make sure your work, home life, and health are equally cared for along the way.
 
Follow John Rampton on Twitter: www.twitter.com/JohnRampton
More:

Cyber Monday growth falls after slow weekendCyber Monday growth slows after retail sales fell Thanksgiving weekend
Caption Family support
E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune
Vicky Navarra (center) and her cousin Sophia Navarra of the Detroit area do some Black Friday shopping at the Fashion Outlets of Chicago in Rosemont, Ill.
Vicky Navarra (center) and her cousin Sophia Navarra of the Detroit area do some Black Friday shopping at the Fashion Outlets of Chicago in Rosemont, Ill. (E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune)
Caption In pursuit of deals
E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune
Black Friday shoppers pursue deals at the Fashion Outlets of Chicago in Rosemont, Ill.
Black Friday shoppers pursue deals at the Fashion Outlets of Chicago in Rosemont, Ill. (E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Pile of boots
Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune
Lena McCarthy, 80, of Chicago searches for black boots in her size on Friday at JCPenny in the North Riverside Mall.
Lena McCarthy, 80, of Chicago searches for black boots in her size on Friday at JCPenny in the North Riverside Mall. (Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Kermit
Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune
Black Friday shopper Luzy Dale, center, of Berwyn buys a Kermit doll for herself at JCPenny in the North Riverside Mall, Chicago, on Friday.
Black Friday shopper Luzy Dale, center, of Berwyn buys a Kermit doll for herself at JCPenny in the North Riverside Mall, Chicago, on Friday. (Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Holiday antlers
Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune
JC Penney support specialist Antonio Barrios, 20, straightens merchandise at JCPenny in the North Riverside Mall on Friday.
JC Penney support specialist Antonio Barrios, 20, straightens merchandise at JCPenny in the North Riverside Mall on Friday. (Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune)
More shoppers opted to stay put for holiday, survey shows.
Cyber Monday has been undercut too, retail group says.
Despite Black Friday lag, National Retail Federation expects growth for the full holiday sales season.
Online sales on what has become known as Cyber Monday were 8.7 percent higher than last year as of 2 p.m., according to IBM Digital Analytics. But the increase is far short of the 21 percent yearly growth seen last year.
8
The smaller pace of growth Monday follows a drop in retail sales over the Thanksgiving weekend.
Total spending fell an estimated 11.3 percent over the weekend compared with last year, as fewer people hit the stores and those who did shelled out less money, the National Retail Federation said Sunday.
Shopping centers fighting the rise of online retailers are unpacking a bag of tricks this holiday season to keep customers coming through the doors. ( Shan Li )
The retail trade group attributed the drop in large part to retailers starting their promotions earlier in the season.
"While (consumers) are more optimistic about the economy and have more to spend, I still think they're very cautious and looking for deals," federation president and CEO Matthew Shay said in a Sunday conference call. "And if the deals aren't right for them, they're not going to spend."
cComments
Do their Black Friday figures include the figures from Thursday? I find it sad that most stores opened at 5 pm or 6 pm on Thursday. It was bad enough when retailers opened at midnight a few years ago. Then it became 10 pm. Now it's 5 pm? Ridiculous. "Hold on kids, we aren't...
Evan Montgomery
39
The number of individuals who shopped in stores or online from Thanksgiving Day through Sunday fell 5.2 percent to 133.7 million, from 141.1 million last year, falling short of expectations that turnout would be flat, according to a survey commissioned by the retail group. Total shopping visits, which includes multiple trips by the same shoppers, also was down, to 233.3 million visits compared with 248.6 million last year.
People spent less too — an average of $380.95 per person, down 6.4 percent from last year. Total spending for the weekend is expected to drop to $50.9 billion, down from last year's $57.4 billion.
That trend was true for online shopping as well. Though 42 percent of budgets were spent online, the average online order value of $159.55 was down 10 percent from last year.
When Cyber Monday is complete, the federation expects slightly fewer people to have shopped online this year — 126.9 million compared with 131.6 million last year.
Still, the federation is holding fast to its prediction that holiday sales will grow 4.1 percent to $616.9 billion, an improvement over last year, when holiday revenues grew 3.1 percent.
"We still feel that the macro conditions are positive," Shay said. That includes low gas prices, which leave people with more cash in their wallets.
Most shopping happened in department stores, and the majority of shoppers bought apparel, followed by toys and electronics.
Shay said retailers are geared up for a "dogfight" for the rest of the holiday season.
"Every day is going to be Black Friday, every minute is going to be Cyber Monday. You can't let up for a minute because of the competitive nature that is out there," Shay said.

Simplicity Rules... But Simplistic Is a KillerOver the past few days:
I have been driven around town in Uber cars ordered on my smartphone.
I have managed to navigate the crowded streets of New York using Waze on the same smartphone.
I have ordered holiday gifts from both my PC and tablet.
I have watched the movie The Princess Bride, with my grandchildren, on a large-screen TV ordered in real time through Amazon.
I continue to catch up with Sons of Anarchy on my iPad purchased a season at a time, as I run on the treadmill.
I read The New York Times every morning in a digital format and the New York Post every night while I follow Financial Times updates throughout the day.
And, as I write this I am listening to Classic Vinyl on Sirius, streaming through my smart TV.
Needless to say there are countless other interactions that I have neglected to mention -- that have become part of my daily routine as they have become for so many -- all of us creating our own usage rituals based on our unique needs and desires.
Digital is everything and everywhere making our lives better and more fulfilling... giving us more time to enjoy; connecting us; educating us; entertaining us; creating new opportunities for all.
BUT NOT EVERYTHING IS DIGITAL.
Ebola is still raging in parts of Africa; racial tensions are rocking the United States; the Mideast is in turmoil; Israel and Palestine continue their conflict; and digital -- the promise of our age -- has done nothing and contributed even less to solving these problems (being a little provocative here, so don't knee-jerk little proofs to the contrary), primarily because we pursue monetization of shopping and social.
Yet all of this conflict,all of these issues, every one of these problems are connected and have a common core - a thought pointed out to me by my friend S.S., a member of his country's UN Delegation. A core, by the way, that I firmly believe is an outcome of our digital society.
Says my friend: "What connects these cases is the fact that many people tend to espouse firm yet simplistic opinions on those matters, without even attempting to understand the issues and their complexities."
We use all of our devices, and in between using all of the life-/game-changing apps we can, we inhale small doses of information -- often unchecked; not vetted; from sources removed far from the center source by the very technology that brings it to us; typically reading the posts that support our preconceived notions and beliefs; rarely delving beyond the headlines or sound bites.
We forgo the true, original promise of the WWW -- which was to share information and knowledge to make the world better -- while we grab and store information to sell more.
We have mimicked, online, that worst outcome of offline ignorance, as chronicled by the legendary Mel Brooks in Young Frankenstein: "A riot is an ugly thing..."
The point being that any aggregation of ill-informed mob thinking -- be it online or off, and online does lead to off -- is an ugly thing, and we see the results of such behavior day in and day out all over the world. Too little of the possibilities that could be ours if well-informed "mobs" would form and "riot" to human benefit.
So what can we do? Change the world...a post at a time....
What I find fascinating is that, like everything else in our digital world (as I have written before), we need to look back to truly understand it -- and in this case really far back. Listen:
"Distringit librorum multitudo (the abundance of books is distraction)." - Seneca
The abundance of input is distraction -- GIGO: garbage in, garbage out.
It is up to us to remove the distractions and thoughtfully attack the problems of society and, no less important, our own personal relationships -- in fact maybe we should start small and up close.
We need to take the time to understand before we act -- hold off on tweeting that tweet or sharing that post until we are sure of our facts. Think about the implications of our clicking and subsequent shouting.
Time to change the world... a well-thought-out thought at a time.
What do you think?
Follow David Sable on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DavidSable
More:

Congress offers relief to kin of farmer who killedselfWritten by Vivek Deshpande | Nagpur |
Posted: December 2, 2014 3:12 am
Kashiram Bhagwan Indore (78) of Manarkhed in Akola district’s Balapur tehsil committed suicide last Friday reportedly by setting himself on fire in his farm. The reason: His crops had failed for two successive years.
“He had no loan to repay but was depressed after two successive years of crop failures,” his wife Shantabai told The Indian Express.
Leader of Opposition Eknath Shinde on Monday visited the family and announced Rs 1 lakh relief from the Congress party. If adjudged as agrarian suicide by the state government, the family will receive another Rs 1 lakh. For any suicide to be adjudged agrarian, the farmer should have faced repeated crop failures or have had a loan burden he was unable to repay.
The west Vidarbha region is passing through one of the worst agricultural droughts in history with the soyabean sown on half of the total crop area almost entirely lost. Other crops like cotton and pulses have also been badly hit.
Till November 15 this year, 759 suicides have been reported from six districts in the region.

ED charts slush fund route in ITservicesWritten by Sagnik Chowdhury | New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 3:10 am
The Enforcement Directorate (ED)’s probe into money laundering charges in the AgustaWestland VVIP chopper deal has revealed the precise manner in which slush funds were laundered by manipulating the charges-per-man hour for purported IT services rendered by software company IDS Infotech Chandigarh and later Aeromatrix Chandigarh to AgustaWestland.
“Though IDS Infotech Chandigarh would charge 14 Euros per man hour for works raised, IDS Tunisia would raise bills for 34 Euros per man hour. The difference of 20 Euros per man hour was paid in the form of bribes to the actual beneficiaries. Not just this, IDS Tunisia would raise bills for fixed man hours, which was around 50 per cent higher than the actual man hours of IDS Chandigarh,” said an ED source.
According to a charge-sheet filed by the ED, 24.37 million Euros were transferred from AgustaWestland to IDS Tunisia. However, of this, only 1.88 million Euros were transferred to IDS Infotech Chandigarh and 3.88 million Euros to Aeromatrix for purported engineering contracts.
ED sources said IDS Infotech Chandigarh was persuaded by alleged middlemen Carlo Gerosa and Guido Haschke to set up IDS Tunisia, citing tax benefits and proximity to the European market.
“Three months into operations, the directors of IDS Tunisia were prevailed upon by middlemen Carlo Gerosa and Guido Haschke to sell off their stake to Euromed, a firm based in Delaware, USA, which has close links with Gerosa and Haschke,” an ED source said.
The ED has found that apart from transfers made to IDS infotech Chandigarh and Aeromatrix, funds received by IDS Tunisa from AgustaWestland were routed to the actual beneficiaries through companies such as Mauritius-based Interstellar Technologies Ltd — which was partly owned by accused lawyer Gautam Khaitan — and US-based company Euromed.
ED sources also revealed that funds transferred from IDS Tunisia were received by Gautam Khaitan and his wife Ritu.

Black Friday Sales Numbers Don t Matter  Here s What DoesBlack Friday Sales Numbers Don't Matter – Here's What Does
Posted:
reddit
Americans went back to work after a long Thanksgiving weekend to see panicky headlines trumpeting an 11-percent drop in Black Friday sales. This led to various "OMG, have people stopped shopping, did the rug just get pulled out from under the economy?" reactions.
If the number freaked you out, don’t worry. You can safely ignore it.
The data, based on a survey the National Retail Federation conducts every year, is serially unreliable. At Bloomberg View, Barry Ritholtz zeroed in on the dicey methodology that goes into estimating Black Friday sales in anything like real time. The number we have right now -- down 11 percent, everyone freak out -- comes from the NRF asking a few thousand people how much money they spent. The result is a number, but it’s a really inaccurate number.
In an email to The Huffington Post, an NRF spokeswoman called Ritholtz’s piece an “annual temper tantrum” that was “slanted, flawed and predictable,” and compared it to “such holiday traditions as the Grinch and the threat of coal in one’s stocking.” The NRF did not cite any inaccuracies in Ritholtz’s column, nor did it provide any substantive criticism of his views or mine. The NRF noted it reached out to Ritholtz about his criticism of the survey last year, but that he did not respond.
As Ritholtz noted, just asking people how much they spent is actually a bad way to figure out how much they actually did spend or plan to spend. There’s also a good and growing case that the weekend after Thanksgiving just isn’t as important to stores or consumers as it used to be .
If you really want to estimate holiday spending before we have solid numbers, you should look backwards: Sales in the first 10 months of the year are very, very closely correlated with sales in the holiday season. And right now that indicator suggests the U.S. is on track for a 6-percent increase in holiday shopping from a year ago.
Shoppers, stores, and the media freak out about Black Friday and holiday shopping generally, but amid the frenzy there is a soothingly recurring EKG-like pattern to consumer spending in America, with predictable spikes in December.
Since 1992, there has been a .989 correlation between the total January through October sales, and total November through December sales, with 1.0 being perfect positive correlation and 0 being no correlation at all.
And through the first 10 months of the year, things looked just fine. If this year is like the past two decades, retail sales will be up more than 6 percent compared to last year. Throw in the economic stimulus of tumbling gas prices , and things could be much better than the 4.1 percent increase retailers projected.
In other words, ignore the bad data and scary headlines about plummeting Black Friday sales. Everything -– probably –- is going to be fine.
More:

Oil option traders start to reverse course  bet on higher pricesOil option traders start to reverse course  bet on higher prices
French Defence Minister meets Parrikar to push ahead with Rafale fighter jet dealFrench Defence Minister meets Parrikar to push ahead with Rafale fighter jet deal
Jhunjhunwala buy lifts Spicejet; is ace investor averagingJhunjhunwala buy lifts Spicejet; is ace investor averaging
Union Minister spells out choice in Delhi: Ramzada vsharamzadaBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 3:22 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 1:45 pm
Launching the BJP’s campaign in Delhi, Union Minister of State Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti told voters here on Monday that they must choose between ‘Ramzadon’ (those born of Ram) and ‘haramzadon’ (illegitimately born). Meanwhile, another Union Minister of State, Giriraj Singh, compared Prime Minister Narendra Modi to Ram.
READ: Sadhvi ready to apologise for her ‘haramzadon’ remark, expresses regret 
Addressing a rally in West Delhi’s Shyam Nagar area, Jyoti, the BJP MP from Fatehpur in Uttar Pradesh, said, “Aapko tay karna hai ki Dilli mein sarkar Ramzadon ki banegi ya haramzadon ki. Yeh aapka faisla hai (You must decide whether you want a government of those born of Ram or of those born illegitimately).”
Taking a dig at Congress president Sonia Gandhi and her son-in-law Robert Vadra, she said: “Jis sadharan parivar mein…bartanon ki dukaan rakhne wala…uska beta, Sonia Gandhi ka damaad, arab-kharab pati kaise ho gaya? Gareebon ko loota hai, gareebo ko choosa hai. Modiji kehte rahe hai, na khayenge na khane denge. (The son of an ordinary family, who had a utensils shop… Sonia nor will we tolerate it).”
Addressing another rally in Dhirpur, Giriraj Singh told the BJP cadres that Modi was their “saviour”. “Do you know Hanuman? We are all Hanuman. Hanuman told Ram that he has no identity of his own. Hum Modi ke bhakt hain purey desh mein. (We are all followers of Modi.) People wanted to know the reason for my victory in Lok Sabha. I told them it is only Narendra Modi,” he said.
Comparing AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal to Maarich (a mythical character who could disguise himself), Singh said: “We used to have Ramlilas in our village. A youth once demanded that he should be given a chance to play Hanuman’s role. He had no experience. When he went on stage and Raavan pulled out his sword, he ran away from the stage… Kejriwal wohi nakli Hanuman hai… Kejriwal un Rakshasho mein bhi Maarich hai, jo vesh badalta hai par kabhi na kabhi pakda jata hai… (Kejriwal is that fake Hanuman, he is the demon who changes shape but will get caught one day),” said Singh.
In the run-up to the Lok Sabha polls, Singh had courted controversy when he said that there was no place in India for those who were opposed to Modi, and they should go to Pakistan.
Reacting sharply to Jyoti’s comments, former Delhi Minister and AAP leader Manish Sisodia said, “The BJP clearly wants to vitiate the atmosphere. Comments like these from senior ministers show that their concept of elections is divisive and based on hooliganism.”
Former Congress minister Haroon Yusuf said, “This is what the BJP has been doing in Delhi for the past few months. They have been trying to polarise Delhi on the basis of religion, this is what they did in Trilokpuri and Bawana. This politics of religious polarisation is very dangerous and spreads hatred. But Delhi won’t accept this.”
Six BJP MPs from across the continued…

No job in police force even if you are exonerated in criminal case:SCWritten by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 3:17 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 9:39 am
The Supreme Court on Monday ruled that any person who has faced a criminal case cannot get a job in the police force, even if he or she is acquitted or reaches a settlement under the law.
“A candidate to be recruited to the police service must be worthy of confidence and must be a person of utmost rectitude and must have impeccable character and integrity. A person having criminal antecedents will not fit in this category,” said a bench of Justices T S Thakur and Adarsh Kumar Goel.
Hence, acquittal after a full-fledged trial or exoneration at the stage of framing of charges would not make any difference as far as suitability of a candidate is concerned, it said. “Even if he is acquitted or discharged, it cannot be presumed that he was completely exonerated. Persons who are likely to erode the credibility of the police ought not to enter the police force,” the bench said.
An acquittal in a criminal case, the court said, was not conclusive evidence of innocence of an accused since it could be ordered on the basis of even a benefit of doubt or prosecution’s failure to establish someone’s guilt beyond reasonable doubt. “Even after acquittal, basis of order of the court has to be gone into by the competent authority. Even an order based on compromise or lack of evidence may render a candidate ineligible,” noted the bench.
The screening committee or the competent authority in the police department is entitled to keep persons involved in grave cases of moral turpitude out of the police force if it feels that the acquittal or discharge is on technical grounds or not honourable, said the court.
The bench cited another judgement which clearly laid down that a candidate wishing to join the police force must be a person of “utmost rectitude” and must also have “impeccable character and integrity”.
The ruling came as the bench set aside an order of the Madhya Pradesh High Court to allow a man, who had faced two criminal cases, to be given compassionate appointment in the state police. Applicant Parvez Khan was acquitted in a case relating to assault and criminal intimidation while he was discharged in the second case related to robbery. The SC held that such a person was not fit for a job in the police.

Kalyan youth met friends month after family was told he died fighting forISWritten by Gautam Sandip Mengle | Mumbai |
Posted: December 2, 2014 3:13 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 9:04 am
Alleged Islamic State (IS) recruit Areeb Majeed reportedly met his three friends from Kalyan and fellow recruits in Iraq in person a little over a month after news of his death was conveyed to his family in Maharashtra earlier this year. The trio, despite knowing he was alive, did not inform anyone in India, investigations have revealed.
Majeed (24), along with Saheem Tanki, Fahad Sheikh and Aman Tandel, had gone missing from Kalyan in May this year. The quartet was later revealed to have joined IS. Believed to have died in the fighting in Iraq, Areeb was later found to be alive and was brought back to the country by Indian intelligence agencies last week, after which he was arrested by the NIA.
In August this year, Saheem had called his family and told them that Areeb had died. Investigations revealed that the three boys later learned that Areeb was alive but did not inform his or their own families about his well being. “Saheem, Aman and Fahad met Areeb in person in Iraq a month-and-a-half before his return to India, or in the middle of October, where Areeb told them that he had sustained bullet injuries but had escaped alive. While the three boys then returned to the IS camp, Areeb left for Turkey, from where he called his family in India, leading to his return,” said a source.
Areeb has allegedly told his interrogators that his bullet injuries were the catalyst in making him want to return to India. He is currently in NIA’s custody till December 8, and is being held at an undisclosed location in Mumbai.

Spacecraft Bound for Pluto Set to Awake Nine Years After LaunchIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Maruti calls back 3 796 units of CiazMaruti calls back 3 796 units of Ciaz
Mallya ousted as MCF chairmanMallya ousted as MCF chairman
Sun-Times suburban strategy may leave no printsChicago Tribune philrosenthal @chicagotribune.com
phil_rosenthal RT @KeithOlbermann: COMMENT: The impact of Topps Baseball Card impresario and sports-changer Sy Berger (wore my bubble gum pink jacket)htt…
Sun-Times
The Chicago Sun-Times is based at 350 N. Orleans St.
The Chicago Sun-Times is based at 350 N. Orleans St.
We shouldn't be surprised if the Chicago Sun-Times sends its suburban papers to the Tribune.
Given that he has talked about hastening newspapers' transition from print to digital practically from the moment he got the keys to the Chicago Sun-Times and its sister publications almost three years ago, no one should be surprised Wrapports Chairman Michael Ferro would be willing to shed the company's suburban weeklies and dailies.
We don't know a lot about the negotiations that, if completed, would give Chicago Tribune parent Tribune Publishing all those suburban titles.
  Open link
Robert Feder, whose blog is licensed by Chicago Tribune Media Group, broke the story of the Sun-Times' talks with Tribune Publishing on Tuesday. But his reporting and that of others have yet to yield the would-be transaction's terms, whether personnel would be included, what Ferro's strategy is for making a smaller, more concentrated Sun-Times pay and whether he can execute it.
We also don't know if these titles, once seen as propping up the city paper, are profitable, even accounting for the bump in circulation they give the Sun-Times since being realigned as "branded editions" of the flagship paper.
These titles account for a little less than a third of the Sun-Times' total circulation on Sunday and about half of its Monday through Saturday average. Without them, the Sun-Times' average circulation in the most recent six-month period available through the Alliance for Audited Media comes to less than 233,000 on weekdays and 234,000 on Sundays, figures that included digital editions.
But circulation only means something to the extent that advertising and subscriber revenue come with it. Sometimes, given the expense of distribution and publication of a print product, greater circulation is a cash drain.
And Wrapports, which asked out of its current deal with Tribune to print and deliver its paper, effective this spring, is acutely aware of the expense.
What we do know is Timothy Knight, Wrapports' CEO, sent a note to staff that acknowledged but didn't deny Feder's report. "We don't comment on rumors but I want to assure you that everything we do is to strengthen the company," he wrote.
We know that Ferro only has seen the suburban papers, and the main title for that matter, as a means to an end. All media are pushing to a digital future. Those who haven't been able to profit from traditional platforms such as print have been in a bigger hurry than most.
This is the guy who had the Sun-Times' entire photo staff lined up and whacked at once, then later said he wished he had done it sooner. Ferro is not exactly a sentimentalist.

Celebrities not invited to Arpita Khan s partyPrev Next
Arjun Kapoor
Arpita’s ex-boyfriend, Arjun Kapoor was not listed in the guest list. Though Arjun and Salman share a good equation and Arjun has been mentored by Salman Khan; the latter chose not to invite his one of the favourites to sister Arpita’s Big Day, and even Arpita would not have wanted to see her ex on the wedding day.
Arjun Kapoor
Arpita’s ex-boyfriend, Arjun Kapoor was not listed in the guest list. Though Arjun and Salman share a good equation and Arjun has been mentored by Salman Khan; the latter chose not to invite his one of the favourites to sister Arpita’s Big Day, and even Arpita would not have wanted to see her ex on the wedding day.
Recommend

United Spirits fails to get shareholder nod for series ofproposalsSpiceJet shares continue to plunge; down 17 pct
The minority shareholders of United Spirits Ltd (USL) have yet again defeated a series of resolutions that had been approved by the company’s board in the past, several of them concerning agreements between the liquor company and entities linked to Vijay Mallya’s UB Group. As many as nine out of 12 proposals that had been placed before shareholders as special resolutions at an extraordinary general meeting on Friday have not been approved with the requisite majority.
The key resolutions that were defeated in the vote include a R1,337.42-crore loan agreement with Mallya’s holding company United Breweries Holdings Ltd (UBHL), a R33.14-crore property purchase agreement with UBHL, advertising agreements with Mallya’s Formula One team, sponsorship agreements with the football team Mohun Bagan and racing team United Racing & Bloodstock Breeders.
The loan agreement pertains to various pre-existing loans, advances and deposits prior to Diageo’s acquisition of the liquor company which have been consolidated into an unsecured loan. The promoter group had recused from voting on all the resolutions since they were related party transactions.
A day earlier, USL said its special resolution for an exclusive manufacturing and licensing tie-up with parent Diageo failed to get the requisite majority in a postal ballot.
TAGS: United Breweries United Spirits
More from indianmarkets

Kejriwal in the running  but can  Mufflerman  flyprint
It was a dark age. Men and women, chiefly vegetarian men on a high-sugar diet who had bet heavily on shares, were distraught because the returns were abysmal. A restaurant in Nariman Point, in South Mumbai, where the decibel level is calibrated to the gradient of the Sensex, was subdued most days.
 Across the metros the real estate boom, too, was retreating. Businessmen who had made no investments in the society in the happy years that had preceded the gloom wondered why business was not growing. They gave bad raises, mostly none at all. Worse, the West was in recession. The young had cleared some objective-type exams, but they were afraid. When the young are afraid, they start reading newspapers. Watching news channels. They saw a series of scams break. They discovered that there was corruption in India.
An old celibate in deep Maharashtra, whose solution to some social problems was to whip men, wrote a letter to Sonia Gandhi, stating that the government she had installed should pass an anti-corruption Bill. She did not respond, which was a big mistake as any politician or political reporter in Maharashtra would have told her.
He wrote again, and again, but she did not respond. He waited for the cricket World Cup to end, went to Delhi and sat on a sidewalk near a public urinal, and said he won’t eat until the government yielded.
On the first day his audience was almost entirely the poor, who sang songs that lamented the wealth of Sec A1; how they drove around in cars and flew in planes. But soon, as television news saw a great story, the nature of the crowds changed fast, crowds that had to find parking. ‘Involved’ fathers carried their children on their shoulders so that the kids could see the great old bachelor. When an A1 male carries his child, usually his daughter, on his shoulder it means several things. Among them — a) remember this moment when I carried you on my shoulder, b) something great is unfolding around us.
Through this all a significant but underrated phenomenon occurred on the thin white mattress on which the old bachelor sat — several of his lieutenants, who were all equal then, crawled on it to whisper things into his ears, matters that could not wait. This has happened throughout modern India’s history — lieutenants whispering things in public into the ears of the chief. If all those whispers are known they would tell a parallel history of the republic. Why do they do that, why do they go meekly, cover their mouths and whisper? Because that is how they are seen by the public, and remembered, that is how some of the lieutenants become chiefs one day. Among the whisperers was Proto-Mufflerman, Arvind Kejriwal. In the days that followed he rose. He fed a fact to reporters — that he was the mind behind the old bachelor’s revolution.
A1 became emotional because they thought they were changing politics. Public opinion was in a festive delirium those days. Any writer who laughed at the revolution was abused. The objective of a writer is not to be likable, nor to be complicit in the transient moral outrages of society.
 But public opinion is severe these days due to the new tools that are available, so the uncompromising writer today needs to possess the gift of shamelessness, or at least the delusion of martyrdom. Maybe even courage.
After the bachelor’s revolution ended and rose again and eventually collapsed, Kejriwal made the significant decision of entering electoral politics. He turned out to be a genius. He ended up as Delhi’s chief minister and finally, in the winter, the Muffler.
But every superhero has a weakness. It appeared that when Kejriwal saw the tarmac, he wanted to sit on it, holding a message. He had done so many things right by then that he did not know when he was going astray. Eventually, he did go astray when he quit his job, making a virtue out of his inability to do anything meaningful as Delhi chief minister. He would have still survived the mistake if it were not for the Alpha Male, for long the first love of A1, but now aglow in radiance.
It is a way of the world that in the luminescence of new love people tend to defame the old love. That was what happened to Mufflerman. In another time, a chief minister who quit his job to protest against feeling like a lame duck would have been hailed a saint. Instead Mufflerman was ridiculed and his image destroyed. Because loyalty to Alpha Male demanded that people consign all his competitors to the margins.
But now Mufflerman hopes to rise again. Unlike other good men of the republic, he has the gift of cunning. He cannot be underestimated, not in Delhi. Also, there is the fact that a political consensus between the poor and A1 is rare, and whenever it has occurred it has been short-lived. And, except for the rise of Narendra Modi, it is hard to tell the difference between the previous government and the present. Mufflerman may not return to his old glory soon, he may not fly anymore, but he surely can run.
(Manu Joseph is a journalist and the author of the novel The Illicit Happiness of Other People. The views expressed by the author are personal.)

Fight club: women who beat back molestersComments
In a rare show of courage, two sisters thrashed three molesters inside a bus in Haryana's Rohtak town, even as passengers chose to look the other way.
Both sisters confronted the accused and mustered enough courage to thrash them, with one of the girls even hitting the men with her belt for allegedly outraging their modesty.
The entire incident, recorded by a passenger on a mobile phone, went viral both on television and social media. It showed the two girls using their hands and a belt to thrash the molesters, who appeared to be taken by surprise.
There have been instances when women have fought back. Here's a look at the courageous acts.  
1. Bengaluru woman chases, kicks man who molested her
Two women, out on a morning walk in Bengaluru are harassed by a man. They let the man go, but not before teaching him a lesson. 
2.  Meerut braveheart who thrashed goons has advise for all women!
 
3. Girl takes on Army jawan for 'molesting' her
A girl thrashed an Army jawan who allegedly tried to molest her at a market in Haflong in North Cachar Hills district of Assam in 2009.
 
4. Mumbai: Two men thrashed for allegedly molesting girls in Bandra
Two men were beaten up by a group of men and women for allegedly molesting girls at Mumbai's Bandra railway station. The men had been stalking one girl for quite some time. They had allegedly subjected her to catcalls and even tried to molest her.

Islamic State militant Areeb Majeed tough nut to crackIS militant Areeb Majeed tough nut to crack
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, December 01, 2014
First Published: 21:44 IST(1/12/2014) | Last Updated: 21:32 IST(2/12/2014)
Comments
Two days after the National Investigation Agency (NIA) took custody of 22-year-old Areeb Majeed, the agency is finding it difficult to corroborate the claims made by the college student turned ISIS militant. Police sources said Majeed is a hard nut to crack.
With very little knowledge about the organisational structure of ISIS, NIA is finding it difficult to verify Areeb's answers to questions posed to him during interrogation, police sources said.
This is primarily because it is for the first time that an ISIS militant is in NIA's custody and it does not have any database to verify the claims made by Areeb about his stay in Iraq and his operational activities with ISIS.
This has made the NIA ponder if there is a need for Areeb being subjected to narco-analysis test at this juncture. "It is too early to decide about a narco-analysis test. Even if we want it, we would approach the court only after Areeb's current custody expires," said a senior IPS officer, requesting anonymity.
NIA which has done a detailed probe into Areeb's personal history has found that he belongs to a religious family which strictly adheres to the principles and disciplines of their religion. Like his family Areeb too was punctual in offering his prayers five times a day, and used to strictly ensure that he prays on time.
His radicalisation happened initially through local contacts, who later introduced him to closed internet groups which further indoctrinated him. Areeb's usage of voice over internet protocol (VoIP) to connect his handlers in Iraq is also being probed by NIA.
Meanwhile, anti-terror squad (ATS) has once again called for questioning a college principal and two teachers from Panvel. ATS had stumbled upon the group of teachers while investigating the radicalisation of four men from Kalyan through chat rooms.
Areeb, along with Aman Tandel, Fahad Maqbool Sheikh and Shaheen Tanki, had gone to Iraq to fight with ISIS in May 2014, and police officials believe that they had been indoctrinated by people known to them.

Army won t go ahead with recruitment process of Haryana molestersArmy slams door on Rohtak molesters
Sat Singh , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 01, 2014
First Published: 14:47 IST(1/12/2014) | Last Updated: 09:08 IST(2/12/2014)
Comments
The army will not go ahead with the recruitment process of three men accused of molesting two Haryana sisters on a bus after a video of the women thrashing the alleged molesters sparked widespread outrage across the country, army sources said on Monday.
Pooja (L), 19, and Aarti, 22, at their home in the district of Sonepat. (AFP Photo)
Defence minister Manohar Parrikar made it clear a strong message should be sent that there was no place for such men in the army while the Haryana chief minister said the women would be honoured for their “act of bravery” on Republic Day as public support for the sisters grew on social media.
"We (the army) take such issues very seriously and we have a zero-tolerance policy. Two of the youths had cleared physical and medical tests in one of the rallies held in Haryana recently but they would not be allowed to take part in further process which is a written test," sources said.
Aarti Kuhar, 22, and her sister, Pooja, 19, were travelling in a Haryana Roadways bus on Friday on their way to Government College for Women in Rohtak district, when the three men allegedly molested them. The women protested at first and then hit back with their hands, legs and even a belt, while other passengers watched silently.
A pregnant woman, sitting next to the sisters, captured the incident on her mobile phone camera and shared it on WhatsApp. The video went viral in no time.
Watch: Haryana sisters thrash molesters in bus, mute passengers look on
“Go brave girls! #girlrising and wake up bystanders! Its shameful, the only one who intervened was a pregnant woman!” tweeted Freida Pinto, star of Academy-award winning film Slumdog Millionaire.
Haryana chief minister Manohar Lal Khattar announced a cash reward of Rs. 31,000 rupees each for the sisters, saying he hoped the publicity would sensitise others to the issue. “The kind of work that has been done by these two girls is praiseworthy,” he said.
A local court sent the three men to jail on Monday while the government suspended the bus driver and conductor for failing to protect the women.
The sisters, who stay with their parents in Thanakhurd village in Sonepat district, said the three men threw pieces of paper with their phone numbers at the women who did not respond. Angry at being rebuffed, the men asked them to vacate their seats.
“They said girls were meant to sit on bus bonnets and if we did not leave the seat for them, they would throw us out,” said Pooja.
Aarti said the conversation became heated but it was not until one of the men molested her that she hit them. “A pregnant lady tried to raise her voice, but the men were unmoved and continued groping us with their hands,” she added.
The incident  has once again highlighted the issue of women’s safety after the December 2012 brutal gang-rape of a young girl in Delhi that sparked nationwide protests. Haryana has also been in the news because of its skewed sex ratio and khap panchayats that routinely issue diktats against women.
(With agency inputs)

Maoists gun down 14 CRPF personnel in Chhattisgarh  2 officers among the deadMaoist attack kills 14 CRPF personnel in Chhattisgarh
Ejaz Kaiser/Rajesh Ahuja , Hindustan Times  Raipur/New Delhi, December 01, 2014
First Published: 17:52 IST(1/12/2014) | Last Updated: 08:15 IST(2/12/2014)
Comments
At least 14 Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) personnel were killed and about a dozen wounded in an encounter with Maoists near Chintagufa in Chhattisgarh’s Sukma district on Monday, the biggest loss of lives in anti-Maoist operations after the NDA government assumed charge in May.
Security forces were deep inside the forests about 450 km from state capital Raipur, when Maoist gunmen attacked them, using villagers as shields, officials said. The CRPF launched a special operation on November 16 to corner the First Battalion of the CPI (Maoist)’s Dandakaranya Special Zonal Committee who have a stronghold in the area.
"Fourteen jawans have died in the ambush," additional director general (anti-Maoist operation) Rajinder Kumar Vij told HT. The dead included two officers.
The death toll is likely to go up with security forces unable to carry out rescue operations in the firing that went on until late evening. “We have to wait till Tuesday morning to take out the injured personnel and the bodies from the remote forested terrain,” Vij added.
Union home minister Rajnath Singh, who will visit Chhattisgarh on Tuesday to assess the situation, condemned the attack, calling it a dastardly act of violence. “It is an act of cowardice,’ he said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi also tweeted about the incident: “Words are not enough to condemn the brutal and inhuman attack by anti-national elements in Sukma, Chhattisgarh.”
Words are not enough to condemn the brutal & inhuman attack by anti-national elements in Sukma, Chhattisgarh.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 1, 2014
I salute the courageous CRPF personnel who have been martyred today. Our thoughts are with the families of those who lost their loved ones.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 1, 2014
Around half a dozen CRPF personnel were wounded in another encounter in the same area on November 21 and insurgents also fired at an Indian Air Force (IAF) helicopter that had come to carry the wounded.
“When an IAF chopper came to pick the injured, it was also fired upon…  This time, when the encounter started in the morning, Maoists used villagers as human shields,” said a senior CRPF officer.
Maoist guerillas, claiming to fight for the rights of tribal communities and landless farmers, often engage in gunfights with government forces in the forested and hilly terrains of central and east India and have a presence in 16 of Chhattisgarh’s 27 districts, including Sukma.
The CRPF is also without a chief after former director general Dilip Trivedi retired on Sunday.
“Why this adhocism when daily operations are on against Maoists?” a counter-insurgency official said, requesting anonymity. “The government could have appointed Trivedi’s successor at least two weeks before his retirement so that he would have known where his men are fighting.”
Meanwhile, the security forces in Bastar zone have been put on high alert following the Maoist’s observation of Peoples Liberation of Guerrillas Army (PGLA) week from Tuesday (December 2-8).   

Column in the American Banker on Overdraft FeesComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

New rules: How to use your ATM effectively from Dec 1  Article: 6 things to know about protecting debit cards
Simplus Information Services - Tue 4 Nov, 2014 12:49 PM IST
From facing the long peak hour traffic to pollution galore and a generally stressful life, residents of metropolitan cities, have another thing to worry about from December 1, 2014. Residents of six metropolitan cities would now have to check their monthly ATM transactions as the Reserve Bank of India has issued new guidelines for ATM usage which effectively limit the number of free monthly ATM transactions. 
So, if you are one of those, using bank ATMs for frequent cash withdrawals, it’s time to change your habit for good to avoid any unnecessary charges.
Understanding New RBI ATM Transaction Rules:
According to the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, all savings bank account holders in metropolitan cities would be allowed five transactions from ATMs of their banks inclusive of cash withdrawals, mini statement and change of personal identification number or PIN number or balance enquiry. The RBI guidelines though initially restricted free transactions to three per month when using ATMs of other banks effect from 1st November 2014, later there was a relaxation to the policy allowing banks to fix their stipulated free ATM transactions. Since RBI has indicated that it has laid down guidelines for minimum free ATM transactions per month for people living in six metropolitan cities including Mumbai, Delhi, Bengaluru, Chennai, Hyderabad and Kolkata, the final decision on decided the upper limit in the number of free bank ATM transactions lie with the respective banks. The number of free transactions from non-home ATMs is also reduced to three.
Restricting ATM Usage to Increase Bank Footfall and Online Transactions:
ATMs were introduced in an attempt to ease the footfall and rush in the banks allowing people an effective and easy way to withdraw and deposit cash. Now with the free ATM usage restrictions being streamlined, experts feel that it would mean going to the olden days when banks were crowded and even a small banking transaction like withdrawing money would mean visiting the bank branch and standing in a queue, especially the middle aged individuals and seniors are reluctant to use online medium.  On the other hand with banks churning out high expenses for managing their ATMs across the country by employing security guards and security cameras and other expenses to avoid theft and robbery attempts, limiting the number of free transactions may not entirely be an unjustified move, and banks will have to release part of this burden to users.
Banks Move:
Following the guidelines SBI has announced their decision to levy charges for above 5 ATM usages a month, while the charges are not revealed. Other banks in both the public and private sectors are still to make decisions regarding this and are in a wait-n-watch mode. Though they are yet to make a decision on the fee, banks are likely to adopt a decision soon and reviewing the patterns, as they have the permission from RBI and also as an attempt to balance the expenses they are facing in maintaining ATMs. Compared to private sector banks, the public sector banks are likely to come up with quick decisions in this regard, as already some banks like the Bank of India has commented about this to media. But some sources reveal that HNI clients of banks may be freed from this charging.
A Little Care to Save:
Forthe metroites it is time to change their ATM usage habit as sooner or later the banks may embrace the new RBI guidelines. Here are some tips for individual account holders to minimize their bank ATM usage and avoid payment on an ATM usage fee for exceeding the free usage limit.
Restrict ATM usage: A lot of people visit the ATM located outside their bank branch for cash withdrawals. If you are having this habit for convenience, or if other bank ATM is located close to your office, it is time to change your way. Also, next time when you are about to withdraw a good chunk of money, use the teller’s service inside the branch instead of ATM.
Do not use ATM for mini statement or balance enquiry: Many people have the habit of using ATMs for checking the account balance or getting access to their account mini statement while on the go. And there can be many unwanted visits, especially if you have an ATM close to your office. While technology is making a convenient checking option at your finger tips, using Smartphones and tablets, isn’t it sensible to acoid this old habit? Instead of checking statement or account balance from an ATM get access to online or mobile banking for getting a complete insight into your account. People using Smartphone can install the official bank application of their bank and check their account balance and statement while on the move.
Avoid cash transactions: Prevention is better than cure goes the famous saying. Try avoiding cash transactions wherever possible. Opting any from the multiple other methods of payments like using credit cards, debit cards, cheque or NEFT to make sure you limit the number of ATM transactions per month.
Withdraw higher quantum of cash per ATM visit: If you are one of those withdrawing small amount of cash per each ATM visit, it time to change the habit for good. Make sure you withdraw substantial amount for every ATM transaction so as to limit your frequent ATM visits. Since the number of free ATM transactions is limited to five per month for the home bank branch, it is a good idea to withdraw enough cash from the ATM that can manage your financial needs for at least a week.
 
BankBazaar.com is an online marketplace for your personal loan, home loan and car loan needs.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
MORE ARTICLES FROM THE SAME PROVIDER
Tips to use your ATM effectively
From facing the long peak hour traffic to pollution galore and a generally stressful life, residents of metropolitan cities now have another thing to worry about. Residents of six metropolitan cities would now have to check their monthly ATM transactions as the Reserve Bank of India has issued new guidelines for ATM usage which effectively […] More » Tips to use your ATM effectively
Five best ways to save on tax in your 20s
Today 20s is considered as the best time of one’s life as unlike yesteryears today’s youngsters get highly paid jobs fast. Twenties is also a care free period with less dependants and responsibilities to worry about. But many youngsters often commit the mistake of spending their earnings lavishly and are least bothered about the money […] More » Five best ways to save on tax in your 20s
Local retailers go online to fight for a piece of sales pie
With online retailers like Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal making all the news, local retailers are worried about of losing customers and gradually deteriorating figures. The fall out between local retailers and online e-commerce websites which had been brewing for a long time eventually came to a showdown after local retailers officially complained to the government […] More » Local retailers go online to fight for a piece of sales pie
All about `Undivided Share of Land’ !
Buying a real estate or a new property requires a holistic approach. From choosing the right location to the right size of the property and the right developer, there are a lot of factors that a buyer needs to address to get the perfect property.Many buyers often decide on their purchase based on built up […] More » All about `Undivided Share of Land’ !
Make optimum use of LTA
Almost everyone loves a vacation to take a break from the monotonous life. While going on a vacation with one’s family is a great idea, not many people know how to make best use of Leave Travel Allowance, not just for travel reimbursements, but to claim tax benefit for it. It is only during the […] More » Make optimum use of LTA
Fixed or floating interest rate: Which is ideal for your home loan now?
“To be or not to be, that is the question” said Shakespeare in his play Hamlet. The same could very well be considered true when it comes to selecting home loan interest rates. Ravi and his wife Sejal, a working couple from Ahmedabad had shortlisted their dream home. The couple approached a bank for a […] More » Fixed or floating interest rate: Which is ideal for your home loan now?
Make the best of festive offers when shopping online!
Online shopping has become extremely popular in recent times. More and more people are resorting to this mode of shopping owing to the convenience and speed it offers. Retailers have understood this trend and many offline stores have also started online portals, offering their products through the web. In this scenario, it is not surprising […] More » Make the best of festive offers when shopping online!
What is interim security in home loans?
As property values are sky rocketing in the metros and other Tier 2 cities of the country, taking a home loan has become a Hobson’s choice for most buyers. Banks advance 80%-85% of the property value in the form of a home loan, depending on the borrower’s individual borrowing eligibility. As in the case of […] More » What is interim security in home loans?
New rules for ATM usage from November!
Many people have a habit of withdrawing small amounts of money from the ATM to curb spending tendencies, but often end up with a high frequency of withdrawals. There are some others who are reluctant to use net banking or mobile banking facilities and depend on ATMs for checking account balance. If you happen to […] More » New rules for ATM usage from November!
When is the best time to take a life insurance policy?
Most youngsters ignore life insurance mainly because of they feel, it’s not required for them. They take life insurance simply for the sake of tax deductions, and often feel neglect its benefits thinking it’s not for them. It’s quite natural for them to feel so, especially if they are away from familial responsibilities. But remember, […] More » When is the best time to take a life insurance policy?

Mergers  acquisitions need encouragement: JaitleyMergers  acquisitions need encouragement: Jaitley
GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks fall after new signs of slower growth; yen  oil reboundGLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks fall after new signs of slower growth; yen  oil rebound
Best of LA Auto Show: Mercedes  Mustang and Mazda CX-30
This 523-horsepower tank offers Vladimir Putin levels of comfort and amenities: heated, cooled, massaging seats that recline and include leg rests, leather, wood and chrome everywhere, individual climate control and hand-crafted, silver-plated champagne flutes. Budget at least $200,000.
Then there's the other new subdivision, Mercedes-AMG. It's showing the gorgeous AMG GT sports car powered by a 4.0-liter, twin-turbocharged V-8, paired with a seven-speed dual clutch gearbox. The two-seater will fetch $110,000 to $150,000. We drove it last week; it's worth that money, if you've got it.
Jaguar's expanding F-Type family
It started with a trio of lusty F-Type convertibles in 2013. A year later we got the coupe variants, which somehow managed to trump the roadster's carnality. Now Jaguar is broadening the car's appeal, adding all-wheel drive and a manual transmission to the mix.
The AWD system will be standard on the F-Type R and optional on the mid-level V-6 S. The manual gearbox will be available on the base V-6 and the mid-level V-6 S models. The six-speed unit replaces the eight-speed automatic, and does so at a $1,500 discount. It's the same manual transmission that Jaguar will use on its upcoming XE compact sedan.
These additions mean that with a single car, Jaguar can cover a wide swath of the sports car market. The base F-Type Coupe kicks things off for about $64,000 and includes the manual transmission and a 340-horsepower supercharged V-6. At the top of the range — and hitting dealers in the spring — will be the R Convertible. For about $105,000, it comes with a 550-horsepower supercharged V-8.
All this has put Jaguar, once on the brink of extinction, back in the company of Porsche, Mercedes and Aston Martin. And with the brand's rich history, it seems like a rightful place.
Audi's Prologue concept
How do you say "no-brainer" in German? This slick silver coupe is stealing the L.A. show, and it's not even confirmed for production. If it is, it'll be called the A9 and will land in 2017 or 2018.
Audi trotted out the concept to show off new design language it plans to incorporate throughout its lineup. We'll first see the A8, expected to begin selling in 2017, then the A6 and A7 siblings shortly after that.
The coupe is the work of Audi's new design chief, Marc Lichte, who's been at his post only since February. But in that short time, Lichte and his team have redefined what the next generation of Audis will look like. The interior is just as impressive, with several touch screens in the dashboard and a multilayer screen in the instrument panel that looks three-dimensional. It's a bold move by an automaker that says its customers expect nothing less.
Compiled by The Times' automotive staff.
Twitter: @latimesautos

Apple stock deletes $18B in one dayApple stock deletes $22.6B in one day!
By: Matt Krantz December 1, 2014 12:05 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Getty
Apple (AAPL) stock was supposed to completely destroy every retailer in its path this holiday season. But Apple is the one getting crushed Monday.
Shares of the gadget maker Monday closed down $3.86, or 3.3%, to $115.07. That might not sound like much of a decline, but when you’re talking about a stock worth upwards of $700 billion, it’s enormous. Investors lost $22.6 billion in stock value in one day.
The big drop in Apple’s value comes amid talk that the company might be the first to reach the $1 trillion valuation . Apple bulls think the stock can only go higher and that the laws of competition won’t apply, allowing the company to continue to charge $650 or more for smartphones even as competition heats up and new models of phones are increasingly comparable to the last.
It’s hard to decide why the stock is acting so badly during a time that all the bulls say it’s rocking. Here are three possible theories:
1. Cooling off after a meltup. Apple is the stock that everyone wants to talk about and own. There’s been such a pile on into the shares that the stock is up more than 40% this year — an enormous move for a stock this size. Given the magnitude of the move higher, it’s only natural to expect a decline.
2. Blasting past analysts targets. Apple’s stock is moving so fast that analysts’ 18-month targets keep melting away. Last week, the 18-month price target on Apple’s stock was $118 a share — creating an invisible ceiling for the stock. Analysts have since pushed their targets up higher to $120.31, says S&P Capital IQ, but the $118 level is still burned into some investors’ minds as a possible ceiling.
APPLE KEEPS BLOWING PAST ANALYSTS 18-MONTH PRICE TARGETS
Date

Gardening Gifts Grown with Lovereddit
Snow blankets the yard as I write this morning.  A blast of cold air from the B.C. Interior has turned some of heavy rains into powder overnight. Our gardens and favourite plants are out of sight, but with the holidays just around the corner, we wanted to share some gift ideas for the gardener in your life. We're profiling a selection of items from local stores and a mix of local, national and international retailers, if you want to buy online.
Our first call to gardening friends and family generated recommendations for garden tools (trowels, kneeling pads, soaker hoses, and rain barrels), services (garden design, yard maintenance, and autumn clean up) and stuff for the garden (seeds, herbs, and compost). Naturally if you are really stuck, a gift certificate for any of these items will always be appreciated.
But for the perfect gift, we talked to some of the experts.
Bob Tuckey at The Natural Gardener Garden Store (4376 W. 10th Ave., Vancouver) reminded us, "Gardeners always need a good pair of pruners (secateurs) and the best you can buy are Felco Pruners."
Felco are made in Switzerland from high grade steel and will last a lifetime.  These pruners come in different sizes to fit different sized hands, and they even have a pruner for left handed gardeners!
Bob says this wonderfulness doesn't come cheap, ranging in price $89 to $99, but they are definitely worth it.  Be sure to drop by the store to check out their selection.
Piper from the Broadway location of the Dave Hunter Garden Centre encouraged us to keep growing, inside and out with their "gift to garden" choices.
"We have a variety of items that are really big this year. Hellebores or Christmas Rose is one.  It is a winter flowering perennial that is hardy and evergreen. We have a few varieties but the most popular and prolific is called Jonas. They also make a perfect hostess gift," she says.
Piper also recommended indoor forcing bulbs like amaryllis and paperwhites. Amaryllis are big stunning flowers that take six to eight weeks to bloom and come in five colours. Paperwhites are a fragrant type of narcissus\daffodil that take four to six weeks to bloom. Both types of bulbs are beautiful in glass or ceramic vases or containers.
All of the choices are really easy to care for and can be a gift of beauty year after year.
Botanus in Langley does not have a bricks and mortar location, but their online catalogue is full of ideas.  Pamela Dangelmaier had an interesting suggestion.  She recommended a Japanese Curved Sickle .
"This is an AWESOME tool made in Japan and extremely versatile for the garden. High quality workmanship means it will last a long time and tool-longevity is important to gardeners," she says.
In a recommendation on Twitter, Olsen's Nurseries suggested Crabtree and Evelyn skin care products. I didn't realize it but they have a line of products exclusively for gardeners !
According to Olsen's, for all of us with super dry hands after spending the day in the garden, Hand Recover is the best. You can order online or visit one of their retail locations in greater Vancouver.
Gary Lewis from Phoenix Perennials in Richmond, B.C. told us their retail operation was closed for the season, but suggested that gift certificates could be purchased online to get your gardener dreaming about next year.  An In-Nursery gift certificate could be used for a shopping spree among more than 4,000 different plants at the nursery or one of the amazing workshops they offer.
Mail order gift certificates can be used to purchase 500 different plants. I noticed that Phoenix Perennials was currently offering 10% off the price of their gift certificates. It might just be a good time to buy one for yourself as well!
Caroline Brown from Calgary pointed out that Lee Valley Tools carries rolls of Copper Mesh that can be used to edge your garden to keep out slugs and snails.
I wish I had known about it last spring. It comes in 25 and 100 foot lengths for $16.50 and $46.50 respectively. And in a pinch, you can also use it for decoration during the holiday season!
Lee Valley is certainly a go-to place online for high-end gardening gifts. A less glamorous, but very practical gift is their rolling composter .  I had searched for a long time before finding this one. We have a problem with rats in our area and I did not want to contribute to the problem.
This one is elevated and is easily rotated, but the best part is that it has two sides, so as you fill the one side, the other can be curing. Depending on the amount of compost you generate, you might even want to buy two and have four compartments processing. You can make this a complete gift by helping to assemble it!
The best purchase I made all year that would also make a great gift is the Melnor 3280 digital aqua timer watering system with four valves. This allows me to run four hoses off my outdoor tap and programming different water cycles really inexpensively with weeping hose. I described my effective, if primitive, irrigation system in this blog post .
It saved me a lot time, not to mention hassle, not having to change out hoses. I think my garden was much more successful because the plants were being regularly watered, no matter how busy I got. You can pick up these systems on amazon.ca .
I hope you found inspiration in our holiday gift guide for those who spend time in the garden. If you are a gardener, or someone who loves one, we wish you all the best for an amazing holiday season.
If you think we missed an great gift opportunity, feel free to provide additional suggestions in the comments below.
ALSO ON HUFFPOST:

Police: Austin shooter belonged to an ultra-conservative Christian hate groupBy Abby Ohlheiser and Elahe Izadi December 1 Follow @abbyohlheiser Follow @ElaheIzadi
Police officers carry potential evidence from the Austin apartment where shooting suspect Larry McQuilliams lived. Police identified McQuilliams, 49, as the gunman who fired more than 100 rounds at downtown buildings in Austin. (Jim Vertuno/Associated Press)
Larry McQuilliams had “let me die” written in marker across his chest when he fired more than 100 rounds in downtown Austin early Friday morning.
McQuilliams, who Austin Police officials called a “homegrown American extremist” with ties to a Christian identity hate group, was shot dead on Friday by a police officer outside the department’s headquarters.
Austin Police Chief Art Acevedo told reporters on Monday that officers who searched the gunman’s home found a map with 34 targets, including two churches. McQuilliams had fired bullets into Austin police headquarters, a federal courthouse and the Mexican consulate in downtown Austin on Friday. He also tried to set the Mexican consulate building on fire.
Previously, police said they had not yet determined the motive for the shooting, which left only the gunman dead, but speculated that the current immigration debate could have been a factor. On Monday, federal investigators said the gunman didn’t leave a note that outlined his motive, but that he had previously told friends he was upset he couldn’t find a job, even as immigrants to the United States receive assistance.
On his bed, the gunman left a note and laid out clothes , officials said. A note left behind said the outfit was for his funeral.
“Hate was in his heart,” Acevedo said.
Evidence obtained by @Austin_Police determined Suspect McQuliams was a self-titled "High Priest" of the "Phineaus Priesthood."
— Chief Art Acevedo (@ArtAcevedo) December 1, 2014
Police believe McQuilliams associated himself with the Phineas Priesthood, an anti-Semitic, anti-multiculturalism affiliation that opposes biracial relationships, same-sex marriage, taxation and abortion. Authorities found a copy of “Vigilantes of Christendom,” a book linked to the Priesthood, in the rental van McQuilliams used during the attacks. Inside of the book was a handwritten note that “discusses his rank as a priest in his fight against anti-God people,” Acevedo said.
The Austin police chief says Larry McQuilliams, a 49-year-old man who shot at the city's police station while trying to burn its Mexican consulate, harbored extreme right-wing views and had the words, “let me die” written on his chest. (AP)
“If you look at what he did, he terrorized a city, he’s just an American terrorist trying to terrorize our people,” Acevedo said .
Law enforcement officials will continue to investigate the gunman’s background, the police chief said.
Among other things investigators need to determine: How McQuilliams got his weapons. He had been arrested in 1998 for driving under the influence and in 1992 for aggravated robbery, Acevedo said. He also served time in prison for a bank robbery.
Phineas Priesthood affiliates  were tied to a string of 1996 bank robberies  and bombings in the state of Washington.
Mark Potok, a senior fellow at the Southern Poverty Law Center, told The Post that the Phineas Priesthood is a “concept” that originated with “Vigilantes of Christendom,” which came out in 1990. The group takes its name from a story about the biblical figure of Phineas in the book of Numbers.
In the story, Phineas slays an Israelite man and a Midianite woman who were together in a tent. “To the extreme right, this [story] is a biblical injunction against race mixing,” Potok said. Phineas Priests would also use the passage to justify violent acts in the name of their beliefs.  “It’s very much a self-calling,” Potok said of those who would identify as Phineas Priesthood members.  “If you commit a Phineas act…you can be considered a Phineas priest.” 
In a backgrounder,  the Anti-defamation league wrote  that “the Phineas Priesthood is not a membership organization in the traditional sense: there are no meetings, rallies or newsletters.” The ADL added that “extremists become ‘members’ when they commit ‘Phineas acts:’ any violent activity against ‘non-whites.’” Potok noted that the affiliation does not have a national structure.
There is no organization that would determine whether one is a “member” of the group or not. Its affiliates, like McQuilliams, would be self-designated.
Its members identify themseves as Christians, however, “they are really not Christians in any sense that a christian would accept,” Potok added. Most mainstream American Christians, he said, would find a Phineas Priest’s reading of scripture to be “heretical.” 
This post has been updated.
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

Crude price at 5-yr low  rates of non-cap LPG  ATF slashedCrude price at 5-yr low  rates of non-cap LPG  ATF slashed
JSW Bengal project put on backburnerJSW Bengal project put on backburner
After Rohtak sisters thrash harassers on bus  everyone starts flogging thetapeWritten by Sumegha Gulati | Kharkhauda |
Posted: December 2, 2014 4:13 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 10:57 am
As a TV reporter — the seventh since morning — approached the Rohtak sisters for an interview, the younger one signalled him to stop. The duo then took a quick break to gulp down some water. In a corner, their brother-in-law held a list of time slots allotted to the news channels that had reached their house in Kharkhauda on Monday after a video of the two thrashing their alleged harassers aboard a Haryana Roadways bus went viral.
VIDEO: 
In Aasan village, 27km away, a deathly silence hung outside the house of Kuldeep, who was arrested late on Sunday along with the two other youth shown in the video. On the gate, his name was etched on black granite while on the walls nearby, brightly painted advertisements touted coaching classes for Army and Navy recruitment tests.
READ: Haryana sisters molestation case: Three accused remanded in judicial custody, families claim boys falsely implicated 
The two villages told two different stories – while the girls stated that they had been “physically assaulted” and “molested”, the accused countered that they were acting in “self-defence”.
In between was a twist: there is still no trace of a pregnant woman who allegedly took the video, and who the girls claimed they were speaking up for when the fight broke out, and another old woman who the accused said they were fighting for.
But first, this is what Aarti, 22, and Puja, 19, had to say.
ALSO READ: All girls should do what Rohtak sisters did: Uma
According to the two BCA students of IC Women’s Government College in Rohtak, 45 km away, they were waiting at the bus stop there, when two men — Mohit alias Monu and Kuldeep Singh — allegedly started eve-teasing them.
Aarti said that they threw chits of paper with mobile numbers scribbled on them towards the girls. “When we opposed, they started passing lewd comments. Our bus came at about 1 pm and we boarded it. The boys also hopped on,” she said. Then, after they sat down, Aarti claimed, the two started making fun of them, saying the girls were “not fit to sit on the seats” and should rather occupy the floor.
As a war of words ensued, Pooja said the boys called up a friend from their mobile – now identified as Deepak Hooda – who got onboard en-route, from Bahlot. “Now that there were three of them, and with nobody in the bus preventing them, the boys started making obscene gestures,” she said.
The girls alleged that the pregnant woman, who was the only one on the bus to object to the youths’ actions, was also harassed. “The boys told her, ‘Hum inko nahin chedenge toh tumhe chedenge (If we don’t tease them, we will tease you)’. We told the boys to leave the woman alone continued…

BHOPAL GAS TRAGEDY: I delivered one twin in bathroom  lost both ofthemWritten by Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal |
Posted: December 2, 2014 4:11 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 3:55 pm
That night, Shobha Soni, heavily pregnant with twins, fled with her husband and son from their house in Chhola Mandir, not far from the Union Carbide Plant. In the melee that followed, she soon got separated from her husband, though she didn’t let go of her son Pramod, then 10 years old. “I soon started coughing and vomiting and collapsed in a field while trying to run. So I told my son to run too,’’ says the 66-year-old.  She was reunited with her son and husband the following morning.
Then followed a seemingly endless chain of tragedies. Soni, who was six weeks pregnant at the time of the gas leak, lost both babies after a premature delivery one morning at her Chhola Mandir home. “I delivered one baby in the bathroom of my home and was rushed to a government hospital in the city where I lost the other baby too,’’ says Soni, now 66.
She blames the tragedy for having “wrecked” her family. Her husband Devilal, a book vendor, died a year ago while one of her two daughters — both born after the gas leak — died of burns. She also fell out with her son, now 40, who works as an autorickshaw driver.
Soni now lives alone in Jain Colony, Old Bhopal. A regular face in protests organised by the Bhopal Gas Peedit Mahila Udyog Sangathan, she spends most of her time visiting a rehabilitation centre for women affected by the tragedy.

350 tonnes of waste and factory deaths that no one evencountsWritten by Anil Sasi | Bhopal/new Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 4:09 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 3:53 pm
As one enters old Bhopal’s Arif Nagar area, there are two enduring reminders of the city’s toxic legacy that goes back to a fateful winter night three decades ago, when 30 tonnes of Methyl Isocyanate gas leaked out of the Union Carbide factory.
Along Berasiya Road, one of the many leading to the now derelict pesticide plant, the landscape is dotted with the exoskeletons of industrial units that shut down after that night killed and maimed thousands. Then, along the New Bhanpur Bridge road that leads away from the factory site, signboards spring up every 20 metres or so announcing the distance up to the Bhopal Memorial Hospital.
There have been many blips across the country since, including one just 18 km away from Bhopal where 500 tonnes of Basmati rice went up in flames at Mandideep industrial area on June 8 this year.
Victims of the Bhopal Gas Tragedy take part in a candle lit vigil to mark the 30th anniversary of the tragedy in Bhopal on Sunday. (Source: PTI Photo)
Taken together, those blips add up to this number: 1174. That was the total number of documented fatalities from industrial accidents in 2012 in just 11 states — in only the organised sector —according to figures collected by the Labour Ministry’s Directorate General, Factory Advice Service and Labour Institutes (DGFASLI) from the chief inspector of factories of states and union territories. These official statistics have been updated only till 2012,and there are no credible figures available for the vast unorganised sector, even though ensuring industrial safety will be a crucial factor in making Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ‘Make in India’ dream become a reality.
Take the accident six months ago near Bhopal, for instance. The fire at Daawat Foods Ltd resulted in an estimated loss of rice worth Rs 180 crore. Fortunately, there were no casualties as the fire happened in the storage area early in the morning.
Survivors of Bhopal Gas Disaster take part in candle light vigil to pay tribute to mark the 30th anniversary of Bhopal Gas tragedy. (Source: PTI Photo)
M K Varshney, Principal Secretary in Madhya Pradesh’s Department of Labour, told The Indian Express that incidents take place despite the administration’s best efforts and repeated mock tests on factories and units conducted by senior officers in the state government’s labour and industrial safety wings, including Varshney himself.
Denying the charge that the state’s factory inspectors are diploma continued…

BHOPAL GAS TRAGEDY: My brother knew what it was like to lose parents  siblings; he killedhimselfWritten by Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal |
Posted: December 2, 2014 4:07 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 3:55 pm
“Thank God I was not old enough to understand what was happening. My brother could — he was 13. He committed suicide. He knew what it was like to lose his parents and five siblings. The thoughts would keep revisiting him,’’ says Sanjay Verma of his elder brother Sunil.
Eight years after his elder brother died, survivor-activist Sanjay is still coming to grips with the Bhopal gas tragedy. “I was then six months old. I did not know what it was to have parents, so I never really missed them — except during parent-teacher meetings in school,’’ says the 30-year-old, who has travelled the world to share the story of his loss and who has featured in Bhopali, an award-winning documentary on the survivors.
That night, Sanjay, the youngest of eight siblings, survived because his sister Mamta had wrapped him up in a blanket and fled their house. Another sister, the eldest of his siblings and married, was visiting them and was among the dead. “I know what happened that night from what my sister Mamta told me. But we rarely discuss the tragedy. It hurts both of us. I would rather talk about it with others than with my sister,” says Sanjay.
After the tragedy, their relatives took them to Lucknow, but the siblings later returned to Bhopal. While Sunil became an activist, Sanjay and Mamta lived in SOS Children’s Village in Bhopal. After about eight years, the siblings returned to live with Sunil who had by then started Children Against Carbide, an organisation to fight for child victims of the tragedy. By the mid-1990s, the elder brother “started hearing voices in his head. He suffered from paranoid schizophrenia. He attempted suicide several times and finally, in 2006, hanged himself from the fan’’.
In 2005, the brothers  had moved into a flat in Sheetalnagar, less than 200 metres from the abandoned Union Carbide plant, which Sunil had bought with compensation money. They regularly travelled abroad to campaign for the victims, and to the US where a court was hearing a suit against Union Carbide and its then chairman Warren Anderson.
Sanjay now makes a living from working on research projects, “mainly on the gas tragedy”.

Clear out of Silicon Valley Homeless Camp ComingIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Cyber Monday gains slow from 2013 as consumers shop earlier3
"It's not like the day isn't growing, its just that the additional growth is being spread more evenly on other days," Henderson said.
Online shopping on Saturday and Sunday was up 17 percent compared with the same weekend in 2013, Henderson said. IBM began measuring online sales on the weekend before Cyber Monday last year in response to the sales covering a broader period.
Shopping on smartphones and tablets so far today accounted for 21.3 percent of e-commerce sales, up from a total of 17 percent the previous year, according to IBM.
The broader retail industry had a disappointing holiday kickoff on Black Friday, the day after Thanksgiving. Spending fell an estimated 11 percent over the weekend from a year earlier, the National Retail Federation said Sunday.
Cyber Monday is typically seen as an opportunity for retailers to "stem some of the bleeding," said Sucharita Mulpuru, an analyst at Forrester Research in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
"Black Friday becomes more irrelevant every year," said Mulpuru, who predicts online shopping will reach $89 billion this holiday season. "Black Friday has been eclipsed by Cyber Monday, shipping cutoff dates in December, and even Thanksgiving."
Ben Hemminger, chief executive officer of online retailer Fashionphile, abandoned Cyber Monday sales last year because they didn't help his business. Instead of giving discounts on Cyber Monday this year, the company is offering a free $4,000 Chanel handbag as a way to draw visitors.
"Picking a certain day to kick off a sale doesn't work as well as it used to, because all the other retailers offer deals earlier and earlier," Hemminger said. "When you start moving that date back, the significance of Cyber Monday or Black Friday is diminished."
Total spending fell to $50.9 billion over the past four days, down from $57.4 billion in 2013, according to the NRF. It was the second year in a row that sales declined during the post-Thanksgiving Black Friday weekend, which had long been famous for long lines and frenzied crowds seeking door-buster deals on electronics.
This year, many shoppers stayed home. The NRF had predicted that 140.1 million customers would visit retailers last weekend. Instead, only 133.7 million showed up. The slow start may make it harder for retailers to hit sales targets over the next month. The NRF had predicted a 4.1 percent sales gain for November and December — the best performance since 2011.
Holiday shopping is key for retailers — with sales in November and December accounting for about 19 percent of annual revenue, according to the NRF — and more of that is shifting online. While e-commerce orders are growing, they're still dwarfed by brick-and-mortar sales.
As of Sunday, holiday shoppers had spent $22.7 billion online this season, up 15 percent from a year earlier, according to ComScore Inc. That includes more than $1.5 billion on Black Friday.
Sales at Amazon, the world's largest online retailer, jumped 46 percent on Saturday and 24 percent on Black Friday, according to ChannelAdvisor Corp. That exceeded total e-commerce growth on those days, the research firm found.

CURRENCIES: Ruble Bounces Back Off Record LowsCURRENCIES: Ruble Bounces Back Off Record Lows
Black Friday fizzles with US consumers as sales tumble 11%Black Friday fizzles with US consumers as sales tumble 11%
India and France to push ahead with Rafale jet dealIndia and France to push ahead with Rafale jet deal
Former Finkl land planning under way0
Still, Holzer said, he is open to ideas from the community.
One resident asked if the site could house a farmers market. Holzer said a market wouldn't be allowed under current zoning, but he said expanding the definition of a "planned manufacturing district" might allow for more creative uses of the space.
Warren Baker, who lives east of the industrial district, asked North Branch Works to find ways to ease traffic jams.
"The area is empty now and (congestion) is an issue," Baker said. "Imagine what it will be like when you start populating it."
Holzer said congestion is a top concern. One idea includes connecting the Bloomingdale Trail and Park to the site to encourage biking and walking. Other ideas include reopening the stretch of Southport Avenue on the former Finkl site and connecting Armitage Avenue between Ashland and Racine avenues to ease congestion.
Kate Jakubas advocated for opening the site to small factories. She said zoning in Chicago has made it difficult to find small manufacturing sites. Her cleaning products, which sell under the label Meliora K., are manufactured in Downers Grove.
The plan faces challenges, including lining up redevelopment financing and gaining the support of the site's various landowners.
Holzer said local and state politicians have said they'll support the plan as long as it also includes viable ways to finance redevelopment.
A. Lakin & Sons and the former Gutmann Tannery have voiced their support. Owners of the former Finkl site, which totals 22 acres, about half the area, aren't involved in the planning process, although Holzer said he hopes they will get involved. Bruce Liimatainen, Finkl's former chairman and CEO; James Finkl, a descendant of the company's founder; and Joe Curci, a former Finkl president, own the former Finkl land.
Finkl, which makes specialty steels and alloys, moved to a 53-acre site at 1355 E. 93rd St. last year.
Another community meeting is scheduled for spring.

Indias right denounces love jihadIndia’s religious right denounces intermarriage as ‘love jihad’
Victor Mallet in Bhopal, India
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4db7f7c2-7657-11e4-9761-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

YouTube stars face authenticity testYouTube stars face authenticity test
Jonathan Ford in London
Watchdog’s native ads clampdown poses challenge for vloggers
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2f664674-788d-11e4-b518-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

First ecigarette smoking ad on TVLaw change allows first ecigarette ad to be shown on British TV
John Aglionby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7a0e0da0-68c1-11e4-af00-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

DARREN STAPLES / Reutersdarren staples / reuters
Sony banks on image sensors and gamingSony banks on image sensors and gaming
Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/88566d1e-7490-11e4-8321-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Mideasts vanishing religious varietyThe Middle East’s vanishing religious variety
Review by David Gardner
Gerard Russell’s ‘Heirs to Forgotten Kingdoms’ explores an Aladdin’s Cave of bygone faiths
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5be871a0-76f7-11e4-944f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Buffetts business tests ties that bindBuffett’s family business tests the ties that bind
Review by Stephen Foley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a1133a64-69c6-11e4-8f4f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US retailers take on Alibaba over taxUS retailers target Alibaba over sales tax ‘loophole’
Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3c7e71e2-7900-11e4-b518-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maruti Suzuki recalls 3 796 units of Ciaz to replace clutch partBMW, Mercedes shift gears
Country’s largest car maker Maruti Suzuki India has recalled 3,796 units of its recently launched mid-sized sedan Ciaz, manufactured till November 7, to replace a faulty part of clutch operation system.
“Maruti Suzuki India Ltd will proactively undertake a service campaign to inspect a suspected fault and replace the relevant part of clutch operation system of a batch of 3,796 Ciaz (manual transmission) cars,” Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) said in a statement.
The cars are among those manufactured till November 7, 2014, it added.
The company said it has decided to undertake a service campaign for these cars in the interest of customers and dealers have started to communicate with owners of the impacted vehicles.
“The inspection and replacement will be done free of cost to the customer,” it added.
MSI had launched Ciaz with an introductory price starting at Rs 6.99 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi) last month.
The petrol variants of the sedan are priced between Rs 6.99 lakh and Rs 9.34 lakh while the diesel variants are priced between Rs 8.04 lakh and Rs 9.8 lakh, respectively (ex-showroom Delhi).
Earlier this year in April, MSI had recalled 1,03,311 units of its popular models — Ertiga, Swift and DZire — manufactured between November 12, 2013 and February 4, 2014 to replace faulty fuel filler neck.
In September, the company had recalled 69,555 units of Dzire, Swift and Ritz models manufactured between March 2010 and August 2013 to repair wiring harness fitment.
Ever since auto industry body SIAM started voluntary vehicle recalls for safety related issues in India in July 2012, over seven lakh vehicles have been recalled by various manufacturers including Ford, Mahindra & Mahindra, Honda, General Motors and Nissan.
TAGS: Cars Maruti Suzuki Maruti Suzuki Ciaz
More from automobiles

Mahindra & Mahindra sales down 13% in NovAuto major Mahindra & Mahindra reported 13 per cent decline in total sales at 34,292 units in November.
It had sold 39,254 units in the same month last year, the company said in a statement.
M&M’s domestic sales declined by 11 per cent to 32,100 units last month as against 36,261 units a year earlier.
Sales of passenger vehicles including Scorpio, XUV 500, Xylo, Bolero and Verito stood at 13,765 units, compared to 16,771 units in November 2013, down 18 per cent. Four-wheel commercial vehicle sales were down by 3 per cent to 12,748 units last month as against 13,186 units in the year-ago month, M&M said.
Exports were down 27 per cent to 2,192 units from 2,993 units in the same period a year earlier.
M&M Chief Executive Automotive Division and International Operations Pravin Shah said: “The auto industry continues its sluggish demand on the back of factors such as low consumer sentiments and high interest rates.”
The reducing international crude prices and the subsequent lowering of fuel prices should help in the revival of demand in the coming months, he added. “We also hope that the current excise duty rates will be extended beyond end of December to get much needed recovery for the auto industry,” Shah said.
“We continue to be optimistic on the back of a good response for our new generation Scorpio and a comparatively better performance of our 4 wheeler commercial segment,” he added.
TAGS: Mahindra & Mahindra
More from automobiles

Abbott takes stock after ragged weekAustralia’s Tony Abbott takes stock after ‘ragged week’
Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/87c8c7ec-791e-11e4-a57d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China and Australia agree trade dealChina and Australia agree trade deal
Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ddeb8f78-6e0c-11e4-8f96-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US  Japan and Australia to deepen allianceUS, Japan and Australia to deepen alliance
Jamie Smyth in Brisbane and agencies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3a34e028-6cb3-11e4-b125-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Campus placement at IIT  Madras: Foreign co makes Rs 80 lakh offerGoogle in 2014: Despite Narendra Modi's best efforts, India still searching for Sunny Leone
The placement season is on at the Indian Institute of Technology, Madras (IIT, Madras), and some of the biggest and most iconic companies, across the sectoral spectrum, are on campus evaluating the options before them.
Aside from the old world global corporate behemoths like The Boston Consulting Group, McKinsey & Co and Microsoft, the campus placement drive included ITC Ltd and Hindustan Unilever among others.
The highest offer from a foreign company was over 80 lakh, while the best by an Indian company added up to Rs 30 lakh.
Almost 1,400 students are going through the process from B.Tech, Dual-B.Tech, M.Tech, and MS courses.
Also read: Higher pre-placement offers from top companies this year, IIT-Bombay set for robust hiring
Here is the break-up about who has how many.
In contrast, according to an Economic Times report, 93 offers were made by 23 companies on Day 1 in 2013 with salaries soaring as high as $210,000 (over Rs 1.31 cr) for international stints and Rs 48 lakh for domestic offers.
TAGS: Jobs
More from industry

YouTube Celebrities Try a New Gig: Selling Stuffyoutube celebrities try a new gig: selling stuff
Cyber ring stole secrets for gaming stock market  security firm saysCyber ring stole secrets for gaming stock market, security firm says
NYSE
Brendan McDermid, Reuters
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Nov. 28.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Nov. 28. (Brendan McDermid, Reuters)
By Jim Finkle
NYSE Euronext, Inc.
A cyber espionage ring has been uncovered that focused on stealing secrets to "game" the stock market.
Security researchers say they have uncovered a cyber espionage ring focused on stealing corporate secrets for the purpose of gaming the stock market, in an operation that has compromised sensitive data about dozens of publicly held companies.
8
Cybersecurity firm FireEye, which disclosed the operation Monday, said that since the middle of last year, the group has attacked email accounts at more than 100 firms, most of them pharmaceutical and healthcare companies.
They are pursuing sensitive information that would give them privileged insight into stock market dynamics. - Jen Weedon, FireEye Threat Intelligence Manager
Victims also include firms in other sectors, as well as corporate advisors including investment bankers, attorneys and investor relations firms, according to FireEye.
The cybersecurity firm declined to identify the victims. It said it did not know whether any trades were actually made based on the stolen data.
Still, FireEye Threat Intelligence Manager Jen Weedon said the hackers only targeted people with access to highly insider data that could be used to profit on trades before that data was made public.
They sought data that included drafts of U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filings, documents on merger activity, discussions of legal cases, board planning documents and medical research results, she said.
"They are pursuing sensitive information that would give them privileged insight into stock market dynamics," Weedon said.
The victims ranged from small to large cap corporations. Most are in the United States and trade on the New York Stock Exchange or Nasdaq, she said.
An FBI spokesman declined comment on the group, which FireEye said it reported to the bureau.
The security firm designated it as FIN4 because it is number 4 among the large, advanced financially motivated groups tracked by FireEye.
The hackers don't infect the PCs of their victims. Instead they steal passwords to email accounts, then use them to access those accounts via the Internet, according to FireEye.
They expand their networks by posing as users of compromised accounts, sending phishing emails to associates, Weedon said.
FireEye has not identified the hackers or located them because they hide their tracks using Tor, a service for making the location of Internet users anonymous.
FireEye said it believes they are most likely based in the United States, or maybe Western Europe, based on the language they use in their phishing emails, Weedon said.
She said the firm is confident that FIN4 is not from China, based on the content of their phishing emails and their other techniques.
Researchers often look to China when assessing blame for economically motivated cyber espionage. The United States has accused the Chinese government of encouraging hackers to steal corporate secrets, allegations that Beijing has denied, causing tension between the two countries.
Weedon suspects the hackers were trained at Western investment banks, giving them the know-how to identify their targets and draft convincing phishing emails.
"They are applying their knowledge of how the investment banking community works," Weedon said.
Reuters

LEO RAMIREZ / AFP - Getty Imagesleo ramirez / afp - getty images
Darren Wilson resigned from the Ferguson Police Department. What will he do nowBy Sarah Larimer December 1 Follow @slarimer
Ferguson Mayor James Knowles said Sunday that Officer Darren Wilson resigned from the Ferguson Police Department and would receive no severance pay or extension of benefits. (Reuters)
Darren Wilson, the white officer who fatally shot an unarmed black teenager in Missouri in August, is no longer a member of the Ferguson Police Department.
But his next move remains unclear.
On Saturday, Wilson resigned from the force in the St. Louis suburb, which has been the site of unrest and protests since the death of 18-year-old Michael Brown. His resignation came five days  after a Missouri grand jury’s decision not to indict him .
“It was my hope to continue in police work, but the safety of other police officers and the community are of paramount importance to me,” Wilson wrote in his resignation letter, according to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch . “It is my hope that my resignation will allow the community to heal.”
James Knowles III, Ferguson’s mayor, said Sunday that there was no severance agreement between the city and Wilson.
“The city of Ferguson will not be making a severance payment to officer Wilson,” Knowles said at a news conference.
Wilson, who earned an annual salary of $45,302, had been on paid administrative leave since the shooting. He was a six-year veteran of the department, Police Chief Thomas Jackson  said after Wilson’s name was linked to the Aug. 9 shooting . Before Brown’s death, the 28-year-old also had another job working in private security,  a former co-worker told The Post in August .
“I wanted to stay on the road for 30 years and then retire as sergeant,” Wilson told ABC News in an exclusive interview last week, days before announcing his resignation. “That’s all that I wanted.”
On Saturday, he told the Post-Dispatch : “I’ve got to figure out what do we do now. Right now I would not want to be a cop, but you never know. Only time will tell.”
Former Ferguson mayor Brian Fletcher told St. Louis Public Radio that a reboot of Wilson’s police career seemed like a long shot. “Whether officially his license is removed or unofficially, I think it would be very unlikely that he’ll ever seek law enforcement again, unless it’s in a private manner,” Fletcher said. “He’s had a chance to think about this. For everybody’s sake, both the community and Darren Wilson’s sake and the Brown family, I think he’s made the right decision.”
One of Wilson’s attorneys, Neil Bruntrager, told USA Today  that the officer’s resignation “means at this point he doesn’t have a paycheck. He has no income so he’ll have to make some decisions pretty quickly.”
Barbara Spradling, whom Wilson married earlier this year, remains an officer in Ferguson, according to reports. Wilson told the Post-Dispatch that Spradling, who is pregnant, was asked to resign but hasn’t taken that step yet.
Wilson’s own personnel file remains closed, Ferguson’s city attorney said in an e-mail Monday.
In an hour-long interview with ABC News correspondent George Stephanopoulos, officer Darren Wilson described what happened the day he shot and killed 18-year-old Michael Brown. (Reuters)
“I’m really just a simple guy, that’s all I am,” Wilson said in an ABC interview last week . “I do family things, spend a lot of time at home, with the family. Casual events. We’re just simple, everyday, normal people.”
Wilson shot Brown during an Aug. 9 confrontation in Ferguson . Protests followed Brown’s death, as did calls for reform in law enforcement. A grand jury last month declined to indict Wilson for the shooting , a decision that sparked more unrest in the St. Louis area and cities across the nation.
Fundraising efforts for Wilson began after the Brown shooting, though it eventually became unclear how the money could be used . Two GoFundMe online campaigns collectively raised thousands of dollars, but those efforts stalled as tax lawyers tried to sort through possible funding distribution issues .
When asked for an update on the fundraising efforts, a Facebook group of Wilson supporters replied that “media has made assumptions based upon little information.”
“Only Darren knows the total amount of money he’s received,” a message from the group read. “The 2 gofundme campaigns were public, however, gofundme had fees…and additionally, the 2nd gofundme through Shield of Hope has specific guidelines attached.”
Jeff Roorda, business manager of the St. Louis Police Officers Association, who has been involved in Wilson fundraising efforts — told The Post on Monday that he didn’t have an update on the fundraising totals yet.
“Well, I had a conversation with his attorney on Friday, and we’re still in a holding pattern as of right now,” he said.
Members of Wilson’s legal team did not immediately return telephone messages on Monday.
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

Retailers Hope Cyber Monday Boosts Holiday Salesretailers hope cyber monday boosts holiday sales
More must be done on bank conductOn the issue of bank conduct the consensus is more must be done
Martin Arnold
Some hope is being pinned on the UK’s fair and effective markets review
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3cabaad2-7977-11e4-9e81-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RBI to maintain status quo in its review tomorrowIndian rupee slips past psychological $63 mark to hit 13-month low
Reserve Bank may keep policy rates unchanged in its upcoming monetary policy review on Tuesday even as the Finance Minister and industry clamoured for the rate cut to prop the economy.
The demand for rate cut is also reinforced by the fact that inflation has hit multi-year low and crude oil price coming below USD 70 per barrel.
“The fact of matter is that all the parameters are indicating that there will be further fall in inflation. Between November and January with the base effect it might go up a little bit. But by March it will be well below whatever the glide path that is indicated by the RBI,” SBI Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya said.
“RBI Governor has indicated that he will be data driven … may be by the end of the fiscal (cut in the interest rate by RBI),” she added.
Asked if she expected a rate cut in RBI’s bi-monthly policy on December 2, she said, “No”.
United Bank of India Executive Director Deepak Narang said that RBI would wait for some more time before effecting rate cut to prop up growth.
“Although parameters are conducive for the rate cut but there is hardly any appetite for loan in the market. Rate reduction by 0.25 per cent is not going to generate significant demand in the market,” he said.
“Therefore, I think the RBI Governor would maintain status quo on December 2,” he said.
The Reserve Bank, which has been keeping rates at an elevated level citing high inflation, wants the rate of price rise to come down to 6 per cent by January 2016.
Poor showing by agriculture and manufacturing sector pulled down the country’s economic growth rate to 5.3 per cent in the second quarter against 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter of this year.
Inflation based on the Wholesale Price Index cooled to a 5-year low of 1.77 per cent in October driven by softening prices of fuel and food items.
At the same time, retail inflation, based on Consumer Price Index, also eased to 5.52 per cent at end of October.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has also pitched for a cut in interest rate saying it will have positive impact on home and auto loans.
In an interview to PTI last week, Jaitley had expressed hope that RBI will move in the direction of making the cost of capital reasonable to help perk up economy.
On the other hand, Yes Bank CEO and Managing Director Rana Kapoor expects that the central bank may cut interest rate by 0.25 per cent.
“The RBI would indeed draw comfort from the recent pace of disinflation, and in my opinion announce a maiden cut of 25 basis point in the December 2014 policy review,” Kapoor said.
TAGS: Reserve Bank Of India
More from bankingampfinance

Which of These Three Chinese Will Pick for Person of the YearThis article also appears in the South China Morning Post
HONG KONG -- What do President Xi Jinping, Alibaba's Jack Ma Yun and Hong Kong student leader Joshua Wong Chi-fung share in common? Congratulations! All three are now officially finalists for Time Magazine's annual "Person of the Year" competition.
Time now allows readers to vote online as Xi, Ma and Wong are just the three Chinese nationals among 50 "Person of the Year" finalists from all over the world this year.
Wong, 18, who has recently been on the cover of Time and is widely considered the face of Hong Kong's pro-democracy movement, is clearly the most controversial finalist, compared with Ma and Xi.
If you check mainland social media platforms like Sina Weibo, you will find Wong has been labeled a traitor, American spy, gangster, or worse. But in Hong Kong, he is widely recognized for his passion in fighting for freedom and democracy, not only for the Occupy protests but also for the movement against Beijing's efforts to push its curriculum on Hong Kong students in 2012.
"People [in China] just choose to believe in different things -- money, power or. . . freedom."
The three picks by Time reflect the very different thinking and ideology of Chinese society, which is generally getting more divided rather than united under Xi's leadership.
People just choose to believe in different things -- money, power or the long-awaited "Chinese dream" by some and, perhaps the entire nation, for freedom.
Ma, whose company Alibaba Group Holding this year pulled off the world's largest ever initial public offering on Wall Street, is a representation of wealth, or the so-called "new money" class in the world's No. 2 economy. If you go to colleges on the mainland and ask the young who they want to be in the future, many will say they want to be Jack Ma. In other words, they simply want to be rich.
Xi, of course, means power but many Chinese, especially civil servants, are apparently getting bored with the endless power struggles these days due partly to Xi's anti-corruption campaign that some say has become more like a pro-Xi movement to get rid of his political rivals.
Corruption is undoubtedly bad, but when you have a deeply corrupt system and graft is clearly already an institutional -- not just individual -- problem as it is in today's China, how many officials can you arrest? An anti-corruption campaign without challenging the deeply rooted systemic cause of corruption seems more like a political show to serve some special interests.
For Wong, there is of course still a long way to go. I may not agree with all that the student leader says or thinks about Hong Kong's pro-democracy protests, but I do admire his courage and passion for the city he calls home. For his courage and passion for democracy, I say he deserves to join Xi and Ma as finalists for "Person of the Year."
Follow George Chen on Twitter: @george_chen
Follow George Chen on Twitter: www.twitter.com/george_chen
More:

Middle Class  Chasm  Increasing Due to Mortgage Regulationsreddit
Owning a home is a primary value of the middle class.
The mortgage regulations that went into effect earlier this year are making it harder for many to get approved for home loans. Ironically, some of these regulations are supposed to "help" consumers who may be considered higher risk. Just yesterday I heard someone say, "Sure the rates are good, but the banks just aren't lending."
The new "Qualified Mortgage" classification makes it more difficult for those with a debt ratio "outside the box" to obtain a mortgage. This often will include self-employed borrowers, those with unconventional income sources, or investors. Even if you have a perfect payment history on your credit report, high credit score and high net worth -- if your debt ratio is over 43 percent, you will likely still find it difficult to obtain a home loan.
The new "High Priced Mortgage Loan" (HPML) classification makes it more difficult for those with less than perfect credit to obtain a mortgage loan. As of November 2014, the "prime offering rate" for a 30-year first mortgage is 4.03 percent. A loan becomes restricted by HPML when the rate is over 1.5 percent more than the prime offering rate; which in this case would be 5.53 percent. Most lenders will price their loans according to risk. So if the lender's risk-based pricing exceeds 5.53 percent, more than likely they would just decline the loan rather than be subject to the burdensome compliance requirements of HPML. In the past, you would be able to make an informed decision as to whether the rate and payment was worth owning your own home. Today, you would likely not have the choice to purchase a home without going to a sub-prime lender or finance company charging much higher rates.
Home ownership has been falling since the 2008 mortgage crisis. Many who were homeowners who lost their homes to foreclosure will likely not own another home, due to these stringent regulations. Consequently, in the last 24 months rental housing rates have been steadily increasing due to demand.
Owning a home with a fixed rate mortgage loan helps owners "fix" their housing expense, which is usually their largest monthly expense. This, coupled with the ability to build equity, can stabilize and elevate families into the middle class with steady income and reasonable financial management. This is becoming more difficult as potential homeowners, even slightly outside the box, are not able to qualify for affordable bank loans to become homeowners.
This is a tragedy for the middle class and further increases the chasm between the lower and upper.
Practical solution: Support your local community banks and credit unions by utilizing their lending services. All lenders earn income from loans -- when you need ANY loan; personal, car loan or home loan -- do not go to a big bank or finance with the dealer (who will likely sell your loan to the bank). Support your credit union or local community bank; especially those who are portfolio lenders. Portfolio lenders have more flexibility in lending and will hopefully continue to provide home lending to all borrowers in their communities.
Without your support these smaller organizations may cease to exist. As in the holiday movie It's a Wonderful Life with the Bailey Building and Loan gone we will all be forced to go to 'Potter's big bank'.
Follow Lorrie Febus on Twitter: www.twitter.com/moneymindempowr
More:

Why Change Is So HardWhen I was 18 years old, I spent my summer working in a steel mill. My shift was supposed to end at four o'clock, but on my first day, everyone began putting their tools away precisely at 3:15 p.m.
"Why are we quitting?" I asked.
"We need a half hour to clean up and fifteen minutes to shower," said the worker next to me. "We don't give away our time for free."
But it never took more than five minutes to put our things away and my colleagues would just sit there doing nothing, day after day. A decade later, that mill and most of the others in Pittsburgh shut down. High labor costs and low productivity made steelmaking a losing proposition in the Steel City.
I vowed to never again work for a company so resistant to change. But even though I have been lucky enough to spend most of my career at successful companies considered to be innovative, I have found that few employees jump at the chance to perform their jobs differently. Even at a leading technology firm, when we asked employees to adopt a new tool or process, most people came up with just as many excuses to hold onto the status quo as those idle steelworkers.
While virtually every company claims to embrace innovation these days, research over the last decade  shows that most business change initiatives fail . Change doesn't take hold because of people-- strong leadership or executive sponsorship is frequently cited as the most important factor for a successful initiative. The truth is most employees don't readily take on new behaviors without some help.
Countless business books have been written on driving change, but I recommend the three below to anyone who wants to understand why change is so hard for most of us. Organizations don't change unless their people decide to do things differently.
Start with Thinking, Fast and Slow , in which Nobel prize winner Daniel Kahneman describes two "systems" that run our lives. We'd like to think "System 2," our analytical mode of reasoning, is in charge. But in fact, our fast, intuitive, and largely unconscious "System 1" makes most of our decisions. Kahneman suggests it would be too hard to get through the day if we weren't running on autopilot most of the time. To change behavior, System 2 needs to pay attention. But System 2 is lazy and usually all too happy to accept the glib view of the world provided by System 1.
Once you understand those two modes of reasoning, you can move onto Switch: How to Change Things When Change is Hard . Authors Chip and Dan Heath describe their two systems as the Elephant and the Rider. Successful change requires directing the rational Rider and motivating the emotional Elephant.  For example, you can direct your employees' rational side by finding bright spots in the organization and figuring out how to clone them. The Heaths also describe how an organization needs to shape the path for change by tweaking the environment and building habits.
If you have a little more time, you'll find some great examples of companies that helped employees behave more mindfully in The Power of Habit: Why We Do What We Do in Life and Business by Charles Duhigg. For example, Alcoa CEO Paul O'Neill created a keystone habit of safety by identifying a simple cue--an employee injury--and instituting an automatic routine of requiring a report within 24 hours. This not only made Alcoa one of the safest companies in the world, it changed other employee behaviors, resulting in greater innovation and profits.
More and more organizations are starting to realize that leadership just can't dictate change. Sixteen years of research by Prosci, a change management research firm, show that projects are six times more likely to meet objectives when organizations manage the people side of change effectively.
Innovation is certainly a great goal, but before we can go about transforming an organization, we need to do a better job of helping the vast majority of people who struggle when asked to do their jobs differently.
Follow Karen Frankola on Twitter: www.twitter.com/kfrankola
More:

Telecoms Down on Fears Overn Smartphone Sales --...Telecoms Down on Fears Overn Smartphone Sales --...
Jewellery shares surge on easing of gold import normsJewellery shares surge on easing of gold import norms
Bhopal gas tragedy: 30 years later many are yet to come to grips with itBy: Express News Service | Bhopal |
Posted: December 2, 2014 4:23 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 10:48 pm
When methyl isocyanate leaked from the Union Carbide plant in Bhopal on a December night in 1984, it brought a sudden or a painful death to thousands and maimed lakhs for life. Thirty years later, many families who lost their loved ones are yet to come to grips with it. Their legal battle has been long, often futile —  then Union Carbide chairman Warren Anderson died this year without ever facing trial in India, while other officials convicted in 2010 are out on bail. The Indian Express tracks some of the families scarred by the tragedy
Ram Chandra and his wife Prema, (top) and Ram Chandra in Bhopal on November 15, 2014
Lost: Wife
Ram Chandra and his wife Prema, who died the gas leak, in an undated family photograph (top); and Ram Chandra in Bhopal on November 15, 2014
Aamna with her husband Munawar Ali (top). Aamna alone in Bhopal on November 13, 2014
Lost: Husband
Aamna with her husband Munawar Ali (top), who died in the gas leak of 1984; Aamna alone in Bhopal on November 13, 2014
Bhoori Bi lost her daughter Chandni (undated photo above). Bhoori’s other photo was taken in Bhopal on November 12, 2014
Lost: A daughter
Bhoori Bi lost her daughter Chandni (undated photo above) to the gas leak. Bhoori’s other photo was taken in Bhopal on November 12, 2014
Zubeida Bi with her husband Salim Rehman (top) in an undated photo and alone in Bhopal on November 11, 2014
Lost: Husband
Zubeida Bi with her husband Salim Rehman (top, a gas tragedy victim) in an undated photo and alone in Bhopal on November 11, 2014
 

Civil Aviation Ministrys poser to MHA: Why should Vadra be exempted from friskingWritten by Vijaita Singh | New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 4:16 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 9:55 am
The Ministry of Civil Aviation has written a letter to the Home Ministry to review the “security status” of Congress president Sonia Gandhi’s son-in-law Robert Vadra, which would decide whether he continues to be exempted from frisking at airports across the country.
Vadra is the only private person on the list of 31 exempted people, which includes the Chief Justice of India, former Presidents, the Lok Sabha Speaker and Supreme Court judges.
As per official rules, Vadra is supposed to be exempted only when he is travelling with SPG protectees, such as his wife Priyanka or any member of the Gandhi family. A committee comprising Home Ministry and Intelligence Bureau (IB) officials will take a call on his security status and whether he should be accorded central police cover.
“We have received a letter from the ministry regarding the exemption granted to Robert Vadra. A meeting will soon be held to discuss the status. It also talks about allowing him access to VIP lounge at airports,” said a senior Home Ministry official. The letter was sent to MHA after Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju held a meeting of senior ministry officials to discuss Vadra’s security status.
The BJP has always been critical of Vadra being exempted from frisking and had questioned the logic behind it when it was in the opposition.
“We cannot prune the list on our own as it was made keeping in mind a security threat to Vadra. To strip him of the status, we need the Home Ministry’s view,” said a senior Civil Aviation Ministry official.
In 2011, the Bureau of Civil Aviation Security (BCAS) had submitted a report to the Civil Aviation Ministry stating that nowhere in the world is such a privilege accorded to a private person.
The then UPA government was also in the process of pruning the list, but sources said it was meant for other categories — like providing such privileges to ambassadors of foreign countries and chargé d’affaires — on a reciprocal basis.

Maruti to fix clutch in CiazMaruti to fix clutch in Ciaz
Harley vrooms on  best of breed  tech strategy  from Indian cosHarley vrooms on  best of breed  tech strategy  from Indian cos
Double blow to Mallya in a single dayDouble blow to Mallya in a single day
LPG rate cut by Rs113  jet fuel prices by 4.1 %LPG rate cut by Rs113  jet fuel prices by 4.1 %
Machine age raises bar for chess champs© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f6b4e924-7888-11e4-b518-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hillary Clintons rickety bridge to the White HouseHillary Clinton’s rickety bridge to the White House
Edward Luce
Voters lack a compelling reason to embrace Democrats, as opposed to simply rejecting Republicans
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e84aa190-76f2-11e4-8273-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Overcapacity and falling prices present problems© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7a0e882e-700b-11e4-bc6a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil will test Putins resource nationalismNovember 30, 2014 5:37 pm
The oil price will set the test for Putin’s resource nationalism
Kirill Rogov
A transition to totalitarian rule depends on an economy that is not deteriorating too quickly, writes Kirill Rogov
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/481cbf0c-771d-11e4-8273-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sony heralds a virtual reality revolutionSony executive heralds a revolution in virtual reality
Tim Bradshaw – San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e60b8d4a-773d-11e4-a082-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sarkozy and the threat from Le PenFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

BoE to weigh fossil-fuel financial risksBank of England to examine financial risks linked to fossil fuels
Pilita Clark, Environment Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/189f21d8-7737-11e4-a082-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oils pain and gain for EM currenciesOil slide brings pain and gain for EM currencies
Delphine Strauss
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/243e1c86-7982-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CBI urges backing for British MittelstandCBI urges backing for British ‘Mittelstand’
Barney Thompson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4c1e95fc-7980-11e4-9e81-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maruti calls back 3 796 Ciaz to fix clutch systemMaruti calls back 3 796 Ciaz to fix clutch system
This App Could Change How You EmailIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Girl Scout Cookies to be sold online but not in ChicagoGirl Scout Cookies to be sold online but not by troops in Chicago
Digital Cookie
Girl Scouts of the USA photo
Girl Scouts experience Digital Cookie, a new addition to the Girl Scout Cookie Program, for the first time.
Girl Scouts experience Digital Cookie, a new addition to the Girl Scout Cookie Program, for the first time. (Girl Scouts of the USA photo)
By Annie Sweeney and Meredith Rodriguez, Chicago Tribune
Craving Thin Mints? They'll be a click away now that the Girl Scouts add online cookie sales.
Chicago won't get online Girl Scout Cookies now but will get another pilot project: a gluten-free cookie.
Thin Mints are heading online, where they will, no doubt, go viral.
Girl Scouts of the USA has announced that the century-old cookie sales are expanding beyond order sheets, door-to-door sales and street corner tables: Scouts are now able to generate online sales through use of a mobile app or a Web platform that they can customize.
But the leap forward comes with several security measures to protect the Scouts, including requiring parental involvement and that Web sales be initiated only after a Scout emails potential buyers.
Caption 12. Chocolate Chip Shortbread
Girlscout.org
Caption 11. Cranberry Citrus Crisps
Girlscout.org
Caption 10. Thank U Berry Munch
Girlscout.org
Caption 9. Dulce de Leche
Girlscout.org
Pictures: America's favorite Girl Scout cookies
Photos of favorite Girl Scout cookies according to a poll on Girlscoutcookies.org.
Pictures: America's favorite Girl Scout cookies
Photos of favorite Girl Scout cookies according to a poll on Girlscoutcookies.org.
The Girl Scouts' embrace of the Internet comes after decades of the organization using a more personal, face-to-face sales approach to learn leadership and entrepreneurial skills while raising money. Adding online sales skills makes sense for Scouts raised in the Internet Age.
"We listened to the girls," said Kelly Parisi, spokeswoman for Girl Scouts. "We are girl-led and girl-driven. The girls live online. They are digital natives."
The new online sales were announced Monday, and Scouts across the nation have started getting their online sales tools ready. Customers should be able to begin buying cookies by mid-December.
8
The project is being piloted in most chapters nationwide, though the Girl Scouts of Greater Chicago and Northwest Indiana, and a handful of other chapters, had to opt out because of a major internal database overhaul. Chicago, however, is paying close attention to the program and could implement it by January 2016, said spokeswoman Julie Somogyi.
Local parents who have led troops through the winter selling season — which starts in January — or turned away customers hoping to use a credit card said they would welcome the new technology.
"If we are allowed to do it, we'll do it in a minute," said Jean Naman, who leads a second-grade Brownies troop in Naperville, where some kids walk around their neighborhoods to sell cookies. "It makes it so much easier to facilitate sales, especially for a family that might be out of town, and frankly it makes cookie sales more pleasant in the cold Chicago winter."
@bobwire1--- there are a lot of things Jay Cutler doesn't get....we'll just add this one to the list.
JimBob2
8
The Girl Scouts have been making more use of technology in recent years, including providing an app for buyers to find out where sales are happening in their community by entering a ZIP code, Somogyi said.
But with Digital Cookie, buyers can complete the entire cookie purchase online. The Scouts will use either a mobile app or the Web platform.
With the mobile app, girls will take in-person orders and enter the credit card and shipping information on the app.
With the Web platform, customers receive an emailed invitation to purchase from the Scout on her personalized website, which must be approved by a parent. As an added security measure, if the invitation is forwarded, the link will be disabled, Parisi said.
No troop or last names will be put online, and encryption will be used to protect customer credit card numbers.
Shannon Parchem, of Chicago, said an online site that would deliver orders directly to the buyer would be agreat idea, especially because her daughter sells to family across the country.
"I have to pack them and ship them out," Parchem said. "I usually wait until my family reunion to deliver all the cookies that my family ordered."
While Parchem sold cookies to strangers door to door as a child, most children these days stick to family and friends, she said. Her sixth-grade daughter, Sierra Parchem, the top seller in her troop since she was a Brownie, uses a Facebook account to reach out to friends and family.
"They still have to email her," her mother said. "But to actually have a website to give everybody a link to, that would be wonderful."
Sierra, 11, said that the best part would be that people could pay with a credit card. "They always ask if you can use credit card and I'm like, 'no,'" she said.
Somogyi said the online sales program fits the organization's emphasis on science, technology, engineering and math. It also means friends and family miles away can support their Scout's sales, she said.
"They will still be using all their tried and true strategies," Somogyi said. "It's one more avenue. ... They have a lot of financial learning (currently). But we want to provide more opportunity for the technology."
On the Web platform, the Scouts also will be able to track their sales and watch, in real time, how they are meeting their goals. Offline sales can be added and counted as well.
"This is virtual money management," Parisi said.
Whether online sales will overtake the historic face-to-face Girl Scout sales pitch remains to be seen.
"Time will tell but we are not worried," Parisi said. "Because girls have so much fun selling cookies."
Although the Chicago chapter will not be offering the online sales for now, its is part of another new Girl Scouts launch — a gluten-free cookie that will be offered in February, Somogyi said.
The cookie is called Toffee-tastic.

TMC asks BJP to clarify Amit Shah s  links  with SaharaTMC asks BJP to clarify Amit Shah s  links  with Sahara
Oil rises after hitting five-year lowOil rises after hitting five-year low
OnePlus plans R&D unit in India ahead of phone launchOnePlus plans R&D unit in India ahead of phone launch
Brand sale dose for drug dealBrand sale dose for drug deal
Mallya loses major postsMallya loses major posts
Indias godmen with earthly influenceDecember 1, 2014 5:14 pm
The ‘godmen’ of India who bring out the vote, and wield earthly influence
Amy Kazmin – New Delhi
Contemporary Hinduism offers the most unlikely characters lucrative careers, writes Amy Kazmin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bef8227c-7733-11e4-8273-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modi shows political muscle in Indian holy cityModi shows political muscle in Indian holy city
By Victor Mallet in Varanasi, India
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5bf9f990-cb8d-11e3-a934-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mystics distract Indias ministersMystics distract India’s ministers from Modi’s development drive
Victor Mallet in New Delhi
Officials criticised for seeking advice from astrologers and promoting Hinduism
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bb889d3a-7727-11e4-a082-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The migration numbers game© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/d41596a6-76ea-11e4-8273-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama is alone on immigrationObama is a lonely western liberal on immigration
Gideon Rachman
Implicit in his argument is that rich nations have to accept they will continue to be a magnet
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8a68fd80-7943-11e4-a57d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Government to back Swansea tidal barrageGovernment to back £1bn Swansea tidal project
Jim Pickard and Gill Plimmer
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7e53bb1a-7971-11e4-9e81-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Food Corporation of India has Rs 10 000 crore of phantom rice stocksCBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case
Thanks to its granaries overflowing, Food Corporation of India’s (FCI) is unable to keep tabs on foodstocks it is supposed to have. At the last count, over R10,000 crore of FCI’s rice stocks were missing. While the paddy had been procured and was supposed to have been given to the millers, close to 6 million tonnes (mt) of stock is yet to come back to the FCI storehouses. The food ministry has given FCI till the end of next month to retrieve these. The value of R10,000 crore is based on that year’s procurement price and does not include the cost of purchasing and other expenses.
FCI is holding roughly two-and-a-half times the amount of wheat and rice it needs; it has 30.1 mt of wheat stock as compared to the October 1 buffer of 14 mt  and 23.1 mt of rice as compared to the buffer of 7.2 mt.
Compared to FCI’s procurement, the amount is quite large — 11.2% in 2012-13 and 6.8% in 2013-14. But in terms of the stock FCI is showing on its books — 23.1 mt of rice versus the buffer norm of 7.2 mt — the missing rice adds up to a whopping 26%. “We can understand the delay of a few months in milling, but if the rice is not received after more than a year of paddy procurement, it raises doubts as to whether the state governments even procured that much rice,” a senior official said.
Under what has been proposed, if the outstanding stocks are not realised by the end of next month, this will be written off at the expense of the state governments. The largest chunk of the missing rice comes from states like Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh and Odisha.
In 1997-98, the states where FCI was not procuring rice were allowed to procure from farmers on behalf of FCI. Once these states met the requirement of their ration shops, the surplus was supposed to be deposited with FCI in its central pool.
In 2012-13, 10.86 mt of rice (in terms of paddy equivalent) was procured from these four states, and 3.82 mt of that remains with the millers.
In 2013-14, 9.37 mt was procured in these states, and of this, 2.15 mt has not been returned to FCI.
TAGS: Food Corporation Of India
More from economy
Per capita annual income increases in national capital The per capita annual income in the national capital has increased to Rs 2.19 lakh in 2013-14 as campared to Rs 1.92 lakh in the previous fiscal.

Turkmenistans reluctance to share output puts TAPI pipeline in limboCBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case
The fate of the Turkmenistan-Afghanistan-Pakistan-India (TAPI) gas pipeline hangs in the balance even as construction is expected to begin next year.
That’s because Turkmenistan has argued that its current laws do not permit grant of production-sharing rights for onshore blocks to foreign companies. This has halted negotiations and restricted the number of foreign companies coming forward to build the pipeline.
Sunil Jain, India’s ambassador to Turkmenistan, recently conveyed to petroleum minister Dharmendra Pradhan that Ashgabat (capital of Turkmenistan) has ruled out signing a production-sharing contract (PSC) with any foreign company for extraction of gas from its fields. “The only possibility they are willing to consider is a consortium of national oil companies of all four participating countries, with Turkmengaz, the national oil company of Turkmenistan, as the consortium leader,” a source told FE.
Pradhan had recently visited Turkmenistan for the TAPI steering committee meeting. The pipeline is envisaged to wheel up to 33 billion cubic metres of natural gas a year.
Unfortunately, GAIL is of the view that the complex geopolitical and security issues involved in the TAPI pipeline project make the task of building and operating the pipeline for over 30 years extremely challenging. Since none of the four TAPI entities has such credentials, building the project through a consortium — formed either with equal shareholding or under the leadership of Turkmengas — does not seem feasible, the official added.
In a new development, the US has reportedly stepped into the picture, claiming that a US company should build the pipeline, but only if the Turkmenistan government opens up the upstream sector to such a company. The US government has sounded out Pakistan, Afghanistan and India about pushing in an American company.
Ahead of US President Barack Obama’s visit to India next year, Washington is trying to push the three countries to persuade Turkmenistan to give in. The US proposition is that only a Washington-supported company will have the funding strength and risk appetite to build the pipeline.
Asian Development Bank, the transaction adviser to the TAPI project, is pushing French multinational Total to be appointed as consortium leader, but now Total has also backed out.
And one of the options being explored, if all others fail, is to bring in a Chinese company as the consortium leader to build the pipeline. If India considers a Chinese company as the leader, clearance will be required from National Security Agency and the ministry of external affairs will have to be consulted. A decision will have to be taken on what India’s stand should be on the subject.
As of now, no multinational company has shown interest in building the pipeline. The main reason for their exit is the reluctance of Turkmenistan to give them a stake in its upstream Galkyanysh gas field, from where gas is to be sourced for the pipeline.
TAGS: Dharmendra Pradhan GAIL TAPI Pipeline
More from economy
Per capita annual income increases in national capital The per capita annual income in the national capital has increased to Rs 2.19 lakh in 2013-14 as campared to Rs 1.92 lakh in the previous fiscal.

In sixth round of RCEP talks  focus on liberalising trade  boosting investmentCBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case
Days after a historic deal was struck at World Trade Organization to ease global trade rules, officials of 16 countries including India and China — with a combined GDP of around $17 trillion and accounting for 40% of global trade — will converge in the national capital to take forward their discussions on a mega-regional free trade agreement (FTA).
The sixth round of negotiations on the complex regional FTA, known as regional comprehensive economic partnership (RCEP), between the 10-member Asean bloc, India, China, Japan, Korea, Australia and New Zealand will be held in Greater Noida during December 1-5 to liberalise trade of goods and services besides finding ways to boost investment. The aim is to conclude RCEP negotiations by December 2015.
There will also be discussions on co-operation in competition law issues, strengthening implementation of intellectual property rights, standards and technical regulations, conformity assessment procedures, rules of origin (to determine the country of origin of a product), customs procedures and trade facilitation. Besides, there will be talks on measures for the protection of plant, animal and human health.
The 16 countries, in this round of talks, will attempt to fix timelines for ‘initial offers’ to reduce tariffs in goods aiming for a greater slice of their combined market size of over 3 billion people.
Though RCEP member countries have either negotiated or are in the process of concluding an FTA with each other separately, each of the 16 countries will put forward an ‘initial offer’ — a common list of preferential duty concessions for the other 15 nations.
Based on the ‘initial offer’ of every country, the others will then put forward their respective ‘request offer’ to ensure that the items of their interest are included in the initial offer of a given country.
This, in turn, could lead to each country further building up its initial offers depending on the extent to which they can reduce duties after taking into account sensitivities and the benefits they will get in return.
Though the ultimate objective of RCEP is to create a common duty-free market, commerce ministry sources said India will give adequate protection to its sensitive sectors including agriculture (products such as spices, vegetables, fisheries, oils, fruit/nuts, rubber, tobacco), automobile, fisheries, chemicals, petroleum products and textiles in the RCEP agreement, like it had earlier done in FTAs with Asean-member countries, Japan and Korea.
TAGS: Free Trade Agreement World Trade Organization
More from economy
Per capita annual income increases in national capital The per capita annual income in the national capital has increased to Rs 2.19 lakh in 2013-14 as campared to Rs 1.92 lakh in the previous fiscal.

Editorial: Anyone here for GSTCBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case
While finance minister Arun Jaitley remains confident the states are on board for the GST, and that he will be able to place the GST Bill in Parliament during the current session, there is an additional problem he needs to deal with other than the high 27% revenue-neutral-rate (RNR) that the Empowered Committee of State Finance Ministers is talking of. The 27% RNR, by virtue of being very high, will probably increase the gains to be got by evading tax; it will also ensure the compliance benefit got from GST is not achieved. Even more important, as our front page story today points out, while the Centre and the states debate the scope of GST, several big states have begun dismantling the input-credit and value-added structure of the value-added tax (VAT is a substitute for sales tax) that also lies at the heart of the GST.
The first blow to VAT took place after 2009 when, instead of looking for more compliance through lower tax rates and greater computerisation of traders, states chose to raise their VAT rates by as much as a fourth—from an average of 12.5%, VAT rates went up to 14.5% and more. And over the last few years, several states are rolling back input tax credits on both sales within the states as well as across states—input tax credits are the sine qua non of any VAT or GST system. In December 2013, Punjab decided to levy VAT at only the first point of sale for finished goods like cold drinks and refrigerators, effectively denying the state the chance to tax the value addition of 30-40% at the wholesale and retail level. With no need for maintaining records on subsequent points of sale, the VAT value-chain collapsed. As a result, the state has no chance of being able to get more revenue buoyancy through increased compliance that will result from taxing the entire value chain.
Many states have also amended rules of tax credit, effectively punishing large companies that need to transfer part of their stocks across boundaries to sell to consumers. Thanks to a November 2013 change in Tamil Nadu’s VAT rules, a taxpayer in the state—say an automobile manufacturer—cannot fully utilise the tax credit on the raw materials purchased within the state if the cars are moved to, say Karnataka, for sale there. Other states, like Gujarat and Maharashtra, deny VAT credit even within their states in order to keep their revenues buoyant. Gujarat, for instance, restricts credit on input tax incurred on purchase of crude oil, natural gas and petroleum products. Maharashtra, similarly, also does not allow petroleum refiners in the state like BPCL and IOC to take credit for the input taxes paid by ONGC on its crude. While putting GST on track, the finance minister will have to ensure states don’t bring in such restrictions later in an attempt to try and protect their revenue base.
TAGS: Arun Jaitley GST
More from economy
Per capita annual income increases in national capital The per capita annual income in the national capital has increased to Rs 2.19 lakh in 2013-14 as campared to Rs 1.92 lakh in the previous fiscal.

Editorial: Whats RBI waiting forIndian rupee slips past psychological $63 mark to hit 13-month low
Generous spending by the government and an unexpectedly strong agriculture growth helped ensure a healthy Q2 GDP increase of 5.3%, but there are the usual one-offs that will ensure full-year growth won’t rise above 5.5% or thereabouts. On one hand, the strained fisc means government expenditure will have to be savagely curtailed in Q4; the stronger rupee, coupled with a slowing economy in key markets such as Europe and China, means that the export engine of growth will remain muted in the rest of the year. Not surprisingly, given the monthly IIP data, industrial growth continued to be a laggard, nearly halving at 2.2% in Q2 as compared to 4.2% in Q1; within this, manufacturing plunged to 0.1% versus 3.5% in Q1. Mining, which provided a bit of a cushion by growing 1.9% in Q2, is expected to take a few quarters to really pick up—after that, the measures taken to develop coal mines should start yielding results and, hopefully, iron ore mining licences will be renewed in Odisha and Jharkhand.
The most worrying piece of data, of course, is the 1.5% contraction in gross capital formation in Q2. Juxtapose this with the $103 billion of projects the Project Management Group is supposed to have cleared, and it is clear there is something wrong since loan growth has not picked up commensurately. While one part of the reason for this could be slowing global demand for projects that were planned in the past—and recently cleared by PMG—another is the high interest costs. An analysis of the 300 bps fall in India’s GDP growth by BoFA-ML suggests that while around half of this is due to global factors, about 75 bps is due to monetary tightening and 50 bps is due to the falling capex. While it is true, indeed this is always so, that interest costs alone do not make business invest in new projects, the large role played by interest costs cannot be denied. According to BoFA-ML, using the core WPI—which is what matters for producers—real lending rates are at 12.5% right now against the average of 8.8% since 1997. At such rates, and with a poor global demand scenario, a large number of investments simply aren’t viable.
With crude prices testing new lows every day, there is no longer any possibility of fuel shocks that need to be passed on to consumers; and with global food prices low and local procurement price hikes being kept to the minimum, it is difficult to see how inflation is going to be a problem any time soon. Unless, of course, RBI is still setting store by its inflation expectations survey that still predicts a December CPI of 14.6% against the October levels of 5.52%.
TAGS: Reserve Bank Of India
More from bankingampfinance

Japans tax-induced recession: What lessons can India learnCBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case
The BBC has reported that ordinary people in Japan have stopped spending money. Japanese economy has contracted, with the gross domestic product (GDP) falling for the the second quarter in succession, leading to what is generally defined as recession. And this has happened when economists were seeing distinct signs of an economic revival in Japan, the world’s third-biggest economy. The stock indices were surging, and the government had clear plans for fiscal discipline and monetary stimulus. The villain seems to be consumption tax, the increase in which has kept the customers away from shops and has drastically reduced the sales of white goods, automobiles and the like.
The Japanese consumption tax system is only a quarter century old, having been introduced in 1989, with a rate of 3%. The rate was hiked to 5% in 1997. There has been an endless debate on the contribution of the tax increase to the recession, which followed immediately. The 1997 recession also happened at the time of an expected recovery from the  economic crisis of the early 1990s. Most of the countries in East Asia and Southeast Asia went through recession in varying degrees. Japan, as the biggest exporter to the region, suddenly lost a market for 40% of its exports. Japanese real estate sector and the stock market, which were apparently having a speculative bubble, burst. Big financial institutions collapsed, eroding the credibility of the financial system. The appreciation of the yen in the mid 1990s also led to a mild deflation. And then there were the increase in consumption tax, repeal of some temporary concessions in income tax, and increase in the insurance premiums for social security.
Seventeen years later, the Japanese government increased the rate of consumption tax to 8%, from April 2014, based on a decision taken in 2012. The government, as also the IMF and several economists, believed that the tax hike was inevitable for reducing the country’s debt burden. The government had taken several aggressive measures to enliven the economy and to trigger some inflation, including a $1.4 trillion stimulus and bond buyback. Abenomics was emerging as a seemingly successful macroeconomic model. However, history has repeated itself, with recession following the increase in consumption tax. The last two quarters experienced decline in GDP by 7.1% and 1.6%, respectively. The government of Japan has acted immediately—the increase of consumption tax to 10% scheduled to take effect in October 2015 has been postponed to April 2017. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has called for mid-term elections to the Parliament.
Europe has reasons to worry as some of the major economies are stagnant; many of the symptoms and the prescriptions are similar to those for Japan. The economic environments in the US and China are each distinctive and the issues are different. India, too, is unique, but the Japanese crisis has lessons relevant for India as well.
The Indian economy is experiencing positive trends, although the fundamentals remain the same. The country expects economic and administrative reforms under Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The stock market is bullish; inflation is reasonable; the campaign to ‘make in India’ is already on. Trade and industry are awaiting the big reform in indirect taxation—the introduction of the goods and services tax (GST). The advantages of GST are several, the foremost benefit being the emergence of an Indian common market. It is expected to subsume most of the central and state taxes levied on goods and services. A good GST can make taxation simpler (thereby moving the country a few steps ahead in the ranking based on the ease of doing business). The central ministry of finance and the Empowered Committee of State Finance Ministers have converged on the broad parameters of the reform; the legislative process has to start ab initio since the 115th Constitution Amendment Bill lapsed following the dissolution of the Fifteenth Lok Sabha.
The big question which emerges following the Japanese experience is—what are the rates of GST? All official statements stress on a revenue-neutral reform, but there could be irresistible temptations both for the Centre and the states to mobilise some extra revenue. For the states, the value added tax (VAT) on goods is the single biggest source of revenue. For the Centre, too, the central excise and service tax have been significant sources of revenue, with the service tax introduced in 1994 exhibiting remarkable buoyancy, growing to R2 lakh crore and overtaking other indirect taxes in 20 years. As much as 32% of these central revenues devolves to the states as per the Finance Commission’s formula. Unlike State VAT which replaced sales tax in the middle of the last decade, the GST system is much more complex, with the integration of diverse taxes on the manufacture and sale of goods and the provision of services. Therefore, arriving at the revenue-neutral rate is an intricate economic, political, academic and bureaucratic exercise.
The revenue-neutrality challenge is not uniform as the impact of GST introduction would vary from state to state. The Centre will have to compensate monetarily those states which lose revenue; there will, of course, be no penalty on the gainers. If the central revenue falls, that would be a major calamity with all the efforts for containing the fiscal deficit getting nullified. But if there is an administrative tendency to err on the safer side by trying to mobilise higher revenues, the market could possibly strike back. Further, the perception of the market, at least in the initial stages, would be based on inadequate information. A retail customer who now pays a tax of 4-5% or 12.5-14.5% on goods purchased by him would suddenly be called upon to pay tax at a much higher rate. The price of the goods might have reduced with the integration of CenVAT, State VAT and service tax, as there could be credit for the input taxes. The fact is that the seller is responsible only for the tax on the value added by him, but this fact may not impress the purchaser who notices a heavy incidence of tax in the bill. If GST leads to the doubling of service tax, the impact would be strongly felt as the input tax credit may not offset the increase.
A 3% hike in the rate of consumption tax created havoc in Japan. Of course, this was in an economy where the GDP growth rates, inflation and interest rates were all close to zero. If the combined rate of GST is high, the market could react in several ways. There is the danger of a slowdown in trade, and therefore in manufacturing. There is the possibility of large-scale tax evasion. Theoretically, a value-added tax system with the incentive of input tax credit prevents evasion, but it may not really work in India, unless there is a well-designed robust information technology platform and a strong vigilance machinery. While one is looking for missing links in a chain, entire chains could be missing. It would be prudent not to underestimate Indian ingenuity.
Perhaps finance minister Arun Jaitley could effectively use his charge of information and broadcasting to full advantage to market GST.
By K Mohandas
TAGS: GST India Japan
More from economy
Per capita annual income increases in national capital The per capita annual income in the national capital has increased to Rs 2.19 lakh in 2013-14 as campared to Rs 1.92 lakh in the previous fiscal.

Column: The rate cut debate is overIndian rupee slips past psychological $63 mark to hit 13-month low
Let me clearly state that this piece is not to espouse for a rate cut (or even rate increase!). In the interest of full disclosure, I do believe that the time is not yet ripe for a rate easing cycle and December 2 will not see any rate easing from RBI. However, with inflation consistently undershooting, and Q2 GDP numbers at 5.3% (do you know, it may have been a purely fortuitous one, driven by a surge in government expenditure for natural calamities like the Jammu and Kashmir floods), monetary easing will be sooner than later. The moot points that we are going to debate in this piece are some common monetary policy and associated fallacies that we are currently entrapped in.
First, the recent debate on estimating equilibrium real interest rate as unleashed in academic domain may be literally irrelevant. This is because evidence suggests that the postulated association between real interest rate and savings may not have a theoretical as well as an empirical truism. In theory, high real interest rates have two opposing effects on private savings. Empirically, authors have found and with particular reference to India that such an envisaged relation may not hold true always. If this is the case, then the entire focus of estimating an equilibrium real interest rate is misplaced.
Second, the oft-repeated argument that the real policy rate has to be positive also means rise in inflation above the expected rate may automatically lead to rise in the policy rate. This contravenes Taylor’s principle that the response in the nominal interest rate will be in response to both growth and inflation differential above the potential level and expected inflation. In an econometric exercise, such a specification may lead to multicollinearity as a rising trend of inflation will simultaneously harden inflation expectations (through the
hysteresis effect).
Third, it is fine that we must ensure a positive real interest rate for our savers, particularly pensioners. But by that logic, we must also ensure that lenders are not discriminated against through a higher rate. What we can do in this context is we must ensure pensioners are exclusively privy to interest rates above the market through design of new products.
Fourth, the argument that a Fed rate hike in 2015 is imminent and that may act as a constraining factor for domestic monetary policy decisions. Let me assure you that with continued deleveraging of households it is unlikely that the US GDP growth will approach on a sustained basis the trend level in coming quarters because debt-based financed consumption has natural limitations after a point. This will mean that Fed rate hike may be delayed beyond 2015. As of June 30, 2014, total consumer indebtedness was at $11.63 trillion, marginally below its 2008 Q3 peak of $12.68 trillion. The matter is no different in Europe.
Besides the fact that household finances are in disarray, the sociological trends in US household are also alarming. For the first time since 1976, a majority of adult Americans, 50.2%, are single, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Economically, this is worrisome because this will adversely impact the new “household formation”, decelerating future sale in housing, cars (no wonder General Motors was bailed out), consumer durables items required for married couples. Already, the outstanding student loan balances reported on credit reports increased to $1.12 trillion (+$7 billion) as of June 30, 2014, representing a $124 billion increase from one year ago and this will only result in delayed marriages compounding the effect further. With such a thin buffer of assets, low-income families in the US—the subprime cohorts (including the retiring baby boomers)—could be vulnerable to market shocks, thus constraining the Fed’s capacity to hike rates.
Added to this, the ECB’s announcement of a QE in 2015 may open the floodgates of more capital inflows into India, given the attractive interest rate differential. Alternatively, RBI in such a case may be faced with a Hobson’s choice, of controlling liquidity abundance or squeezing the rate differential through rate cut.
Fifth, the recent decline in oil prices may be short-lived and these are not dictated by structural factors and hence we must be careful. By that logic, then, all financial variables that go down must go up. Remember, our oil price basket was derived at the beginning of current fiscal on a $106 per barrel assumption. Today, the prices have declined close to $70. Hence, even if oil prices go up, it will be still significantly less than the assumption. Also, empirical evidence suggests that no central bank have been able to ignore a significant downturn in oil prices!
The sum total of all this: We are now in a situation of entrenched disinflationary impetus and a lower interest rate regime may only be a matter of time (we can though conjecture regarding the time). The RBI discomfort regarding the rates moving down is still palpable if we take the announcement of OMO sale as an indication (it can even go for shortening the LAF corridor). But, let us also give kudos to RBI for at least making us believe and debate today that nothing is impossible, and for that matter even a 6% CPI target!
(Co-authored with Saket Hishikar, economist)
By Soumya Kanti Ghosh
The author is chief economic advisor, State Bank of India.
Views are personal
TAGS: Reserve Bank Of India
More from bankingampfinance

Computer-assisted observers judge combatants against an impossible ideal of computational perfection© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f6b4e924-7888-11e4-b518-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tapping into the wisdom of crowdsRemember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

FT Alphavilles new tool to crowdsource reader views on markets and economic dataRemember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

Hope to clock revenues of Rs 1000 cr this year: QwikCilver09:00 pm
QwikCilver (quick-silver), the Bengaluru-based company that specialises in delivering gifts, has seen a mercurial rise over the last 6 years. With year-on-year (YoY) growth at 150 percent, the company is in advanced talks with e-tailers like Amazon as it looks to raise more funds reports CNBC-TV18s Poornima Murali and Archana Shukla.
The average Indian’s penchant for gifts -- it's quite literally the gift that keeps on giving. and Bangalore-based QwikCilver is living proof. Founded in 2008, this online and offline gifting company provides backend tech-support for the gift card business of several retailers including Shoppers Stop , Lifestyle, Westside and Croma. Its track record is impressive; having clocked 150 percent growth in its 6-year long existence and the company is hungry for more.
TP Pratap, Chief Marketing Officer, QwikCilver said, “This financial year, we are looking at Rs 1000 crores that QwikCilver will be clocking. We have been clocking a 150% growth YoY and that is continuing to grow. The base has been set and as we grow, there are newer brands coming on to this platform and that is enabling the overall growth rate to be sustained and retained”
While QwikCilver began with an investment of about Rs 50 lakh, it has seen two rounds of undisclosed fund raising from Accel Partners and Helion Venture Partners. Now, it is in talks with e-retailers like Amazon India and Flipkart to raise a further Rs 50-75 crore over the next 5-6 months.
He further added, “'We work with a hundred brands. It's a confidence booster for us when our customers are willing to invest into us for a long haul. That is the ultimate success for a company of our size and stature that customers are willing to bat with us so to speak.”
The 100 brands QwikCilver currently works with span 20 consumer categories. So the fundraising exercise, if successful, will help the company add to this already impressive portfolio. This expansion is crucial to QwikCilver. After all, it wants a bigger piece of the Indian gifting market -- a market that is projected to grow from the current Rs 3,000 crore, to Rs 9,000 crore by 2017.
RELATED NEWS

The new art of borrowing: Crowd FundingDec 01, 2014, 09.58 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
The new art of borrowing: Crowd Funding
CNBC-TV18's Zahra Khan, Poornima Murali and Gopika Gopukumar report that crowd funding is picking up momentum in India, though at the moment, it's more widely being used during times of adversity.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
The new art of borrowing: Crowd Funding
CNBC-TV18's Zahra Khan, Poornima Murali and Gopika Gopukumar report that crowd funding is picking up momentum in India, though at the moment, it's more widely being used during times of adversity.
Post your opinion here

Berkshire Hathaway unit purchases AltaLinkYou are here: Home > Collections > Transmission
Berkshire Hathaway unit purchases AltaLink
AP Dec 2, 2014, 02.03AM IST
Tags:
AltaLink
(Berkshire Hathaway's utility…)
OMAHA: Berkshire Hathaway Inc.'s utility division has completed its purchase of Canadian power transmission provider AltaLink for 3.1 billion Canadian dollars (about $2.7 billion).
The companies announced Monday the deal was complete. Canadian regulators approved the deal last week.
AltaLink will keep its name and continue to run as a separate company under Berkshire Hathaway Energy. Its headquarters will remain in Calgary .
Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Energy owns and operates transmission and distribution lines in the US The Des Moines, Iowa, company also owns or contracts more than 28,000 megawatts of electricity generation.
Berkshire officials say AltaLink ratepayers won't be charged higher rates because of the deal, and all of AltaLink's earnings in the next three years will be reinvested in the company.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GM Recalling 316 357 Vehicles to Fix HeadlightsIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Trailblazing Women: Whitney Johnson  Leading Thinker & Co Founder of Clayton Christensen s Investment Firmreddit
This interview is part of a series on Trailblazing Women role models from around the world.
Whitney Johnson is a leading thinker on driving innovation via personal disruption and is the co-founder of Clayton Christensen's investment firm. She is a frequent contributor to the Harvard Business Review, an Influencer on Linkedin, and was recently shortlisted for the Thinkers 50 Future Management Thinker Award.  She is also the co-founder of 40 Women Over 40 to Watch, and the author of Dare, Dream, Do: Remarkable Things Happen When you Dare to Dream.  (Bibliomotion, 2012). Follow her on Twitter @johnsonwhitney and @daredreamdo
Who is your leadership role model?
I can't point to one single person that I look to and say: 'that is the person -- I want to follow in their footsteps completely.' However, Barbara Corcoran is one person that comes to mind. She is an example of leadership for me. She walks her talk -- the story that she tells and what she propounds is something that she has done. She bootstrapped her business and now as a leader, she doesn't just invest to put her money to work, rather she really invests in the individual and their businesses. She gives a very powerful sense that everything is in sync. What she says, she does and what she does, she is able to talk about in a very positive, virtuous cycle in terms of her leadership. I really admire her.
How would you describe your leadership style?
I think it has really evolved. I'm not sure I would have said things this way 20 years ago. I'm currently looking at the difference between inbound and outbound marketing. I follow the company Hubspot and they say: instead of pushing emails out to people and saying 'come buy what I'm selling,' put good content out there. Make sure that you are available and people can find you. Then you'll draw people to you who are interested in what you have to say, learning from you and working with you. Increasingly I am becoming this type of leader that says, 'here's what I believe, here's what I'm going to do and if you'd like to do this with me, I will encourage you to do it.' My leadership style will always be about encouraging people and patting them on the back. Inviting them along, as opposed to being negative about who they are and what they can do.
What are your key career highlights to date?
The obvious career highlight is going to New York and working my way up from a secretary to investment banker and equity research analyst.
A second one is when I was an equity research analyst at the top of my game in the 2000's. All our external constituencies were giving me very high marks, but my internal constituencies weren't. I remember my boss saying: 'this is really interesting, because you have a huge disconnect between what the internal and external stakeholders are saying about you -- and you need to work on this.' I did, and I turned it around the next year, so that I got among the highest marks among my internal stakeholders as well. That's a highlight for me because, you can get all the basic business milestones, but if you can't internally galvanize people working with you, supporting you and acknowledging your good work, you can't get a lot done. That was a really important lesson and highlight for me. Earlier on in my career, I just did not understand that having a successful career is not just about getting the 'A' on the test and doing the project well. It's about being able to galvanize people to work with you and navigate political waters (not in a negative way.) Work is about working with people; it's not just about doing work on a piece of paper.
The third really important career highlight for me was last year, when I published my first book and had my first article in the Harvard Business Review. Those were huge highlights for me, as I hadn't thought of myself as a writer before. Now I realize that actually, I am a person who writes. I have a voice and something to say, and for me that's still evolving.
How would you describe the differences between Women's leadership style and Men's Leadership styles?
Building on the Jungian psychology of the feminine-masculine that I talk about in my book, I think that both men and women need to have both feminine and masculine characteristics. We need to have the feminine (i.e. relational, nurturing) and we need to have the masculine of being able to wield power in difficult situations. I think that women's leadership style is different in that, in order to be successful, we have to lead with the relational and nurturing and then pull in the power and influencing. If we don't lead that way, I don't think we can get any traction.
What is your biggest achievement to date?
My biggest achievement is being married for 25 years and that we still like each other! Marriage is hard and in lots of instances people love each other, but do they still like each other? For me that's a huge achievement.
What would you say to other people to encourage them to become entrepreneurs?
If you are feeling stuck in any way, whether it's financially, emotionally or intellectually, and you need to move forward -- that's actually a call for you to be innovative, be entrepreneurial or 'intrapreneurial.' It will look different for everybody. It's a call for you to jump to a new learning curve: to learn or do something new.
There will be times in your life when things are ticking along and everything is fine and if they are, keep going. But if you are in that place where you are feeling stuck and also scared, at that point, you've got a decision to make. The decision is really the innovator's dilemma: do you do something different from what you've been doing and risk downward mobility? Or do you stay in this plateau? And because you're not happy, it will become a precipice. You risk downfall either way, but when you experience that 'stuck place,' that's a signal that you have a decision to make.
The beauty of it is, if you make the decision to forge ahead to do something slightly differently, the odds for success are much higher for a disruptor, than if you just stay where you are. Once you a plateau, you are no longer producing those feel-good endorphins of learning, so you may actually precipitate your own downfall because you are bored.
This mindset comes from my life experience of starting out on Wall Street and low-end innovation/disruption doing equity research, then leaving Wall Street in 2005 to become an entrepreneur. When I encountered the innovator's dilemma and disruptive frameworks, I realized I had a way to codify my work and make meaning of it more easily. When you have frameworks, like 'personal disruption', it helps people understand that what they are feeling isn't just being listless or irresponsible -- there is this imperative for them to go do something new.
What has been your greatest challenge as a Woman Entrepreneur?
My HBR piece called 'Being invisible can help your career' tries to make meaning of this point.  One example was when we were raising money for the Disruptive Innovation Fund and people said: 'that's great, you've got the frameworks, now all we need is someone in financial services, between 40 and 45.'  It was me!  I was sitting right in front of them and it was as if I was invisible! That's just one example. Research shows that women have to be 2.5 times more competent than men to be on a level playing field, which is one of the reasons I love Sheryl Sandberg's book "Lean In." Her research is so robust and helped me understand why certain things happened in my career. It's interesting when you talk to women who are much younger in their career.
I once lectured at Harvard Business School not too long ago, and I said to the women: 'one of the things I'd wished I'd known when I got out of school was that the glass ceiling is real.' They looked at me and said 'no it's not.'  I said, 'I understand you don't believe it's real right now and the day you discover that it is real, I want you to be sad, acknowledge it and say to yourself, now that I know it's real -- what am I going to do to move on?' Once you know it's real, it makes it easier to keep going, because you realize it's not just in your head.
What advice would you give to your younger self?
There would be two pieces of advice I would give to my younger self. One, really importantly, would be to be nicer to myself; more patient, kinder and gentler. Another would be to get myself a coach earlier on in my career, to help me figure out how to do this 'work thing.' Work is much more than having the raw skills, talents and competencies, it is about understanding how to work in the workplace, which is a very different skill set to what I had learned at school.
How do you give back to Society?
I don't necessarily think of the idea of 'pay it forward' that way. One of my friends once asked me 'why are you encouraging people to dream?' and I said, 'because I have to.' Encouraging people to dream and disrupt is what I do. At the same time, what I 'get,' is that I feel interconnected with people in a really marvelous way. For me there is an ebb and flow, give and take, of people helping each other. The other way I try to give back is by being a good mother, which is the hardest thing in the world.
What would you like to achieve, as a leader, in the coming 5 years?
As a thought leader, I'd really like to have my ideas coalesce even more and have them promulgated more widely, through writing and speaking and being able to talk to more people. I'd like to discover that more people are able to disrupt than before, because of these ideas. Also, I want to start investing again. Bringing it back to Barbara Cororan, as a leader, it's one thing to write about leading and encourage people, and quite another thing to put your money to work and pull all those people together. I want to invest in people emotionally and financially. And hopefully, my investments may skew more towards women in the future.
For other interviews with trailblazing women leaders Click Here
Follow Anne Ravanona at @anneravanona , and check out the other interviews in Trailbazing women series on Global Invest Her blog
For more about Global Invest Her click here
Follow Anne Ravanona on Twitter: www.twitter.com/anneravanona
More:

Core sector output accelerates to 6.3% in OctoberCore sector output accelerates to 6.3% in October
Low oil price will not deter Chevron from new projects in MexicoLow oil price will not deter Chevron from new projects in Mexico
Modi seeks Tripura CMs tips on tacklinginsurgencyWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 2, 2014 4:59 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 5:00 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday requested Tripura Chief Minister Manik Sarkar to send him a detail note on how the Left Front government had tackled insurgency so successfully. Modi, who met with the entire cabinet, also asked him to provide success stories of the state’s development that could be replicated in other parts of the country.
“It was not a cabinet meeting that the PM addressed, but a meeting with the entire cabinet, where several ministers directly interacted with the PM and put forward their views,” a senior CPM leader said. Earlier in the day, reports of Modi addressing Tripura cabinet about good governance created confusion with the CPM office in New Delhi describing it as a “wrong” information.
The PM was in Tripura for a few hours — his last engagement in the first three-day tour of the Northeast — during which he commissioned the second unit of the 726-MW gas-based power plant at Palatana. “An economic corridor would be established using Northeast, Myanmar and adjoining regions. Northeast would be a gateway of Southeast Asia in future,” Modi said.

UPDATE 1-At climate talks  UN calls fossil fuels  high risk  investmentUPDATE 1-At climate talks  UN calls fossil fuels  high risk  investment
Revival signs: Maruti  Honda report good sales in NovemberRevival signs: Maruti  Honda report good sales in November
Staff fear the chop in Samsung Electronics annual reshuffleGoogle in 2014: Despite Narendra Modi's best efforts, India still searching for Sunny Leone
Insiders say staff at Samsung Electronics have never been so anxious ahead of the annual reshuffle, as a weak smartphone performance and its worst earnings in three years are expected to cost many jobs.
As is customary for Korean businesses, Samsung is expected to announce its annual personnel changes in early December, a ritual that even in good times means weeks of distracting uncertainty for staff facing promotion, transfer or the sack.
The last of those options looks more likely after third-quarter operating profit fell by nearly two thirds.
Squeezed by Chinese rivals like Xiaomi Technology  at the low end and Apple’s iPhones at the top, Samsung’s share of the smartphone market has also shrunk year-on-year for the last three quarters, leading to speculation that mobile business head J.K. Shin could be on the way out.
“People are very uneasy; even the senior management are asking around about what might be coming,” said one Samsung employee.
Samsung declined to comment on potential changes; it often keeps the information secret even from those directly affected until a day or two before the official announcement.
The Maeil Business Newspaper, a local business daily, recently reported the company could cut 20 percent of executive positions across the board, including 30 percent from its mobile division.
This year’s appointments will also offer a glimpse of how heir-apparent Jay Y. Lee plans to lead the tech giant. The younger Lee, 46, has been the de-facto decision maker as his father, Samsung Group patriarch Lee Kun-hee, remains hospitalised following a heart attack in May.
“We talk a lot about which of the senior executives will still be with us,” another Samsung employee told Reuters. “What happens to them will determine how we will need to work.”
Samsung Electronics, the flagship of what is by far South Korea’s biggest conglomerate, or chaebol, employed nearly 290,000 people in 2013, about a third of them in the firm’s home country.
While work continues, a third Samsung employee said managers and executives were distracted to the point where rank-and-file staff needed to work overtime and weekends to make sure development for major products stayed on track.
Samsung Group’s decision to sell its chemical and defence arms to local conglomerate Hanwha Group has further added to the sense of anxiety.
“Everyone’s just looking around to see what happens,” said a fourth Samsung employee, adding that major strategic initiatives in his business unit were on hold as managers did not know who would be around to see them through.
“Only after the personnel moves are official will we all be able to get back to work,” he said. “I just hope the fallout won’t be huge.”
TAGS: Samsung Electronics
More from industry

Secondary sales no longer preferred mode of PEexitsSpiceJet shares continue to plunge; down 17 pct
The secondary sales, or sponsor-to-sponsor transactions, one of the preferred mode of private equity exits in the past two years, seem to have hit a roadblock in the past few months, as revival in capital markets, along with opening of the IPO window, has raised the valuation expectations of existing PE investors.
With just over a month to go, exits through secondary sales so far in 2014 stand at $279 million or 8.60% of the total exit value, which is the lowest in the past four years.
In the past three years, PE-to-PE exits constituted little over one-fifth of the total exit value, as poor IPO market environment and volatile capital markets left PE investors with few options but to engage with other PE players  to offload their old investments in unlisted firms.
The resurgence in capital markets has resulted in a lot of PE players in listed firms tapping public markets for exits, even as those in unlisted firms are considering the IPO route to get better valuations.
The exits through the public market or open market sales currently stand at around $2.3 billion, with the likes of Bain Capital, Goldman Sachs and Providence Equity partners partly exiting their listed investments in Hero MotoCorp, Mahindra & Mahindra and Idea Cellular, respectively.
Udai Dhawan, MD & India head at Standard Chartered Private Equity, believes that with capital markets on a high, existing PE investors are looking at the IPO route, which to some extent has impacted the secondary sales.
“The Indian capital markets have been on an upward trajectory and there has been a strong appetite from both global and domestic public market investors. Several companies have leveraged or are looking to leverage this window of opportunity. This has also had an impact on PE-to-PE exits, as in many cases PE investors are preferring an IPO as an exit path for their portfolio company,” said Dhawan.
Darius Pandole, partner at New Silk Route Advisors, says apart from providing liquidity, IPOs as an exit option also offer better price discovery.
So far this year, while one PE player has exited through this route, six are yet to exit with firms like Ortel Communications and Monte Carlo already receiving Sebi approval even as others like Uniparts India, PNC Infratech, CL Educate and ACB India are awaiting the regulator’s nod.
The rising valuation expectations, too, have played a part in lower secondary transactions.
Pawan Singh, MD, India and south-East Asia at Bain Capital, says there have been several secondary transactions where they spent considerable time, but couldn’t close because of valuation issues. “Some of those have happened with other investors, others have not yet closed due to a mismatch between what the existing sponsor expects and what a new private equity buyer is willing to pay,” said Singh.
However, given the huge exit backlog of older investments, experts hope that going forward, we might see secondary sales reviving.
Dhawan expects PE-to-PE exits to continue to happen even in these markets in cases where there are large stakes involved or companies are smaller and not yet IPO-ready.
While PE investments in India over the past decade have been in excess of $90 billion, the exit environment had been rather weak, with PE investors taking home just about $31 billion in the past six years, according to a Bain & Co 2014 report.
More from indianmarkets

An Indian Information Technology ServiceWritten by Vikram S Mehta |
Posted: December 1, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: December 1, 2014 12:45 am
The government should contemplate the establishment of an Indian information technology service. The raison d’etre is the prime minister’s vision of a digital India. The service should not be cadre-based a la the other all-India services, but similar to the short service commission of officers into the armed forces. Recruitment should be competitive and limited to recent graduates from technical institutes. The tenure of office should be limited to between, say, two to five years. Further, the PM should appoint a national technology advisor (like the national security advisor) to oversee and coordinate the progress of e-governance.
The government has long recognised the criticality of technology to improve the systems and processes of governance. Sam Pitroda was an early technology czar under Rajiv Gandhi, and Nandan Nilekani wore that hat during the UPA regime. Both made stellar contributions to e-governance. In addition, the UPA government had instituted a national e-governance plan in May 2006, and that umbrella housed 31 different technology missions. There is also the Department of Information Technology and Electronics, headed by a secretary to the government of India, the National Informatics Council, and the National Institute for Smart Government (NISG), each of which has the mandate to modernise governance. Also, several departments have their own IT policies, infrastructure and applications. For instance, the Indian Railways is the world’s largest e-commerce retailer and the two revenue boards, the CBDT and CBEC, have sophisticated IT systems supported by their own technical cadre.
Still, the culture of governance has not changed. Systems are not transparent. The time lags in the flows of information are long; there are continual turf battles between government departments; and the approval process remains cumbersome and subject to discretion. The reasons are several but seen through the lens of IT, they relate to the multiplicity of IT infrastructures and applications; the inability of government technocrats to keep pace with technological change and human resource systems that do not have the flexibility to attract relevant talent. If nothing else, this lack of progress on the modernisation of governance will make it difficult to deliver on the promise of “achhe din”.
The prime minister has pronounced in various capitals his government’s intent to improve “the ease of doing business” in India. His words have had some impact. The multinationals that had shelved plans related to India are dusting them off. The finance minister has also announced his intent to bring in a slew of “second-generation reforms”. The land acquisition bill will be simplified; labour laws will be reviewed; the GST will be implemented; the insurance amendment bill will be passed and natural resources continued…

Obamas crown of thornsWritten by Prem Shankar Jha |
Posted: December 1, 2014 12:48 am
Two events in the past month have shaken the foundations of American foreign policy. In late October, just as the US Congressional election results confirmed that the Republican Party had seized the Senate, news leaked that President Barack Obama had written a private letter to Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei of Iran, urging him to conclude the much-awaited nuclear agreement as speedily as possible. And on November 24, he virtually dismissed his defence secretary, Chuck Hagel.
Neither the White House nor Hagel has cited reasons for his exit, but it is apparent that it was over serious differences on how to conduct the war on ISIS — the renegade self-styled Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. No one has been able to figure out what these differences were. Many possibilities have been aired in the American media, but the trigger almost certainly was a memo sent to the White House sometime in October, in which Hagel criticised the administration’s Syria policy for, as the New York Times put it, “failing to connect the campaign against the Islamic State to a broader struggle against President Bashar al-Assad of Syria”.
Hagel may not have known that Obama had written to Khamenei. But if he did, his memo would have amounted to an ultimatum demanding that the US commit itself irrevocably to a war on Assad, in addition to the ISIS. Had Obama agreed, it would have brought his ongoing negotiations with Iran to an abrupt end. Reconciling the US’s commitment to destroying ISIS with its commitment to end the threat of a nuclear-armed Iran requires decisions that only the president can make. Whether he intended it or not, Hagel’s memo, therefore, crossed a genuine red line.
Hagel’s request for a clear commitment to fight both Assad and the ISIS is understandable. The US is being drawn steadily deeper into another war in Iraq. That war cannot be won without sending in ground troops to recapture and hold the ground currently occupied by the ISIS. With Iraq’s army in a shambles and the US and EU reluctant to commit their own troops to another bloody conflict, these can only come from either Syria and Iran, or Turkey. Since Obama has publicly ruled out cooperation with Syria and Iran, that has left only Turkey.
But Turkey’s cooperation is only available at a price. President Recep Tayyip Erdogan is prepared to join the battle only if the US commits itself to ridding Syria of the Assad regime as well, and has resorted to obstruction bordering on blackmail to force the US to agree. Turkey has stalled coalition attempts to use its air force bases and forced aircraft continued…

Modi among the pigeonsWritten by Yubaraj Ghimire |
Posted: December 1, 2014 12:52 am | Updated: December 1, 2014 8:51 am
The 18th Saarc summit came and went, with a call for deeper integration of South Asia for peace and prosperity. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s message that scepticism and cynicism should be transformed into hope explains the regional body’s poor implementation record for the last three decades.
Modi’s handshake with Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif at the conclusion of the summit in Kathmandu got a roaring applause from the audience and those on the dais. However, Modi’s Nepal trip — his second since August — is being analysed in Kathmandu more in the bilateral context. The transformation of the prevailing cynicism in Saarc to hope may still be far away.
Within hours of his arrival, Modi inaugurated the National Trauma Centre, the foundation of which was laid by former Indian PM I.K. Gujaral 17 years ago. India is often criticised for the poor pace of implementation of its projects in Nepal. For Modi, it was a good occasion to claim he was different from his predecessors. Besides the trauma centre, two new power projects — Arun 3 (900 MW) and Upper Karnali — were signed, along with the formation of the long-pending Pancheshwar Development Authority, as well as the formalisation of the power development agreement between the two sides. These came as a testimony to Modi’s claim.
Nepal has large hydro potential and Modi has offered India’s market to Nepal under easy conditions. But Nepal at the moment faces political uncertainty, with its leaders unlikely to deliver the constitution and end the prolonged political transition.
Delivering a constitution by the January 22 deadline that would be acceptable to all sides, and far more difficult, a constitution by consensus, were Modi’s suggestions. These didn’t go down well with the ruling coalition in Nepal since it is toeing the two-thirds majority line. On the other hand, a coalition of 22 opposition parties, led by the Maoists, has threatened to stall the constitution-making process if a majority line is imposed. “A constitution by majority may create problems. Let the Madhesis and the Pahadis, as well as the Maoists, feel this is their constitution as well,” said Modi.
Modi spent less than a third of his time on Saarc-related events. He spent most of it with local politicians, discussing the peace and constitution-making processes and their likely impact on Nepal’s developmental potential, as well as what uncertainties in Nepal mean for India. In his meetings with Madhesi leaders, he asked them to adopt a more cooperative attitude: “Please make attempts to know your country, which comprises of hills, mountains and the plains.”
But what has been debated most in Nepal is Modi’s emphasis on continued…

Dhaka Boundary Settlement: Narendra Modi bites the BulletWritten by C Raja Mohan |
Posted: December 1, 2014 11:10 am | Updated: December 1, 2014 11:17 am
In telling the BJP workers in Assam that India will go ahead with the ratification of the land boundary agreement with Bangladesh, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has put the imperatives of national interest above the regional populism of his own party.
The land boundary agreement signed in Dhaka by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in September 2011 involves rationalisation of the messy boundary that India inherited from the partition of the Subcontinent. Since it involves the ‘exchange’ of territories, the agreement required an amendment to the Constitution.
The 119th amendment bill was placed in the Rajya Sabha late last year amidst vociferous opposition from the Trinamool Congress of Bengal and the Asom Gana Parishad in Assam. While the national leadership of the BJP did not oppose the tabling of the bill, it signaled ambivalence given the opposition from the party unit in Assam.
Much of the debate in Bengal and Assam about the agreement has been ill-informed. The agreement deals with tiny enclaves owned by one country but left inside the territory of the other at the time of Partition. This led to the tragedy of many people being left state-less and unable to access the benefits of development from either state. These enclaves have also become major sources of criminal activity.
Delhi and Dhaka rightly decided to exchange these enclaves after a survey of opinion in these enclaves–India would ‘cede’ 111 enclaves amounting to about 17,160 acres and ‘gain’ 57  enclaves spread over 7110 acres from the other.
The loss and gain of territory here is entirely notional for neither side was in control of these enclaves that they owned in theory since 1947. The overwhelming sentiment among people trapped in these enclaves is to stay put where they are rather than move to the other country.
While the Congress government in Assam supported the agreement, the Trinamool, AGP and the BJP played political football by raising concerns about ‘loss’ of territory.
Modi affirmed that the territorial swap with Bangladesh is in the interests of the nation. He also promised the people of Assam that Delhi will address their concerns on illegal immigration from Bangladesh. By framing an argument that limits the tension between ‘national’ and ‘regional’ interests, Modi has set the stage for the parliament’s approval of the 119th Constitution Amendment Bill.
The standing committee on external affairs had recently cleared the bill and the government is expected to seek approval of the two houses. India’s ratification of this agreement will mark a comprehensive territorial settlement of its longest land border. At 4060 km, India’s boundary with Bangladesh is longer than those with China and Pakistan.
Having a settled boundary will now allow Delhi and Dhaka to consider effective management the border–through more intensive cooperation on countering terrorism and extremism, facilitating trade across this long frontier, building trans-border industrial corridors and preventing illegal continued…

Aldermen to consider Chicago minimum wage increaseIllinois, Chicago could be on track for separate minimum wages
Illinois, Chicago possibly on track for separate minimum wage increases
Mayor Rahm Emanuel seeks to increase Chicago's minimum wage from $8.25 to $13 an hour by 2019, while supporters in Springfield plan to increase wages statewide to $10 an hour.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel seeks to increase Chicago's minimum wage from $8.25 to $13 an hour by 2019, while supporters in Springfield plan to increase wages statewide to $10 an hour.
Full Chicago City Council may tackle minimum wage hike to $13 as early as Tuesday morning.
Illinois' minimum wage may jump to $10, but people in Chicago back $13 -- and even $15.
Illinois this week could be headed toward two minimum wages — one for Chicago and another for the rest of the state — amid a high-stakes political battle at City Hall and the Capitol.
The City Council is scheduled to vote Tuesday at a special meeting on a plan by a re-election-seeking Mayor Rahm Emanuel to increase Chicago's minimum wage from $8.25 to $13 an hour by 2019. The proposal advanced after a hearing Monday stretched more than three hours.
In Springfield, supporters of a plan to increase the statewide minimum wage to $10 an hour searched for more votes in the Illinois House as lawmakers returned to town for the final scheduled week of session this year.
Minimum wage
Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune
Alds. Bob Fioretti, from left, John Arena and Nicholas Sposato stand behind members of Action Now and the Raise Chicago Coalition at a news conference Monday at Chicago City Hall. They support a $15 minimum wage.
Alds. Bob Fioretti, from left, John Arena and Nicholas Sposato stand behind members of Action Now and the Raise Chicago Coalition at a news conference Monday at Chicago City Hall. They support a $15 minimum wage. (Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune)
Emanuel's decision to quickly push through a city vote would allow the first-term mayor to try to grab credit on a politically popular issue despite intense opposition on one side from the city's retail and restaurant business community and the other side from labor advocates and political opponents who contended it didn't raise the minimum wage far enough.
The mayor's fast move also has created confusion in Springfield as business interests have pressed state lawmakers to prevent the city from having a higher rate than the rest of the state. But it's questionable at best whether there are enough votes at the Capitol to limit Chicago's minimum wage, and powerful House Speaker Michael Madigan on Monday ruled out such a maneuver.
Even so, the Chicago issue could be a factor jeopardizing passage of any state minimum wage hike. For his part, Emanuel has played off the talk of pre-empting Chicago's ability to raise the wage even higher to expedite a politically beneficial City Hall vote.
"What I wanted to make sure was that Springfield was not passing a minimum wage at the expense of Chicago residents," Emanuel told the Tribune on Monday, citing a higher cost of living in the city than the rest of the state.
8
"We put a lot of time — six months, a task force, recommendations — and I wasn't going to have all that work, let alone the goal of giving people a real raise here, fall apart at the last minute because of some effort to, by political interests, to in my view gut what we had worked on," he said.
With the Feb. 24 mayoral election looming and Emanuel looking to offset criticism that earned him the nickname "Mayor 1 Percent" from progressive groups, the minimum wage issue has demonstrable political support. Fully 88 percent of city voters embraced a nonbinding statewide proposal on the Nov. 4 ballot to increase the rate to $10 an hour by Jan. 1.
Emanuel's proposal doesn't go far enough or take effect fast enough, according to critics, including mayoral challengers 2nd Ward Ald. Bob Fioretti and Cook County Commissioner Jesus "Chuy" Garcia. They favor a $15 minimum wage in the city.
Fioretti labeled Emanuel's proposal "a nice start" but said that waiting to fully impose the $13 an hour rate until 2019 means families will remain "just pennies above the poverty line."
"The workers I've been with chant, 'Show me $15,' not '$13 by 2019,'" Fioretti said in a statement. "That means fighting for a $15-an-hour minimum wage today, which will both lift up Chicago working families and stop the state from limiting our ability to do the right thing."
Fioretti also criticized Garcia for not working to have Cook County pass a higher minimum wage. Garcia said he has long backed a city increase and that it's more appropriate to handle the issue in the City Council than at the county level.
It so sad that the people of this country are continuing to wait for a better income And while we have
missharrell50
155
The Chicagoland Chamber of Commerce, the Illinois Hotel and Lodging Association, the Illinois Restaurant Association and the Illinois Retail Merchants Association all criticized Emanuel for moving ahead with a city wage hike, saying it ran counter to the mayor's task force recommendation that no City Council action come before state lawmakers have a chance to act.
"This decision is about politics," the business groups said in a statement, contending Emanuel's "unilateral decision … virtually eliminates the possibility for a uniform, fair statewide increase that puts workers, businesses and communities all on a level playing field."
But Emanuel said it was the talk of pre-empting the city's right to enact its own wage rate that made him decide to act before state lawmakers so "Chicago's on record of what we think we need as it relates to a minimum wage, and that it stands the test of time."
Prior to the vote of the City Council's Committee on Workforce Development, representatives of the restaurant and retail groups stood alongside Aldermen Mary O'Connor, 41st; Tom Tunney, 44th; Michele Smith, 43rd; and Matthew O'Shea, 19th, in backing an alternative that would raise the rate to $10.10 by 2017. O'Connor and Tunney are business owners, while O'Shea said his Southwest Side ward borders suburbs where a higher city minimum could hurt business.
"A $13 minimum wage will decimate our job market and force thousands of small businesses operating along our borders to relocate," O'Shea said.
"When these businesses leave, they will take property and sales tax revenues with them, and they won't be coming back," O'Shea said. "Get used to vacant buildings and empty storefronts because we're about to have a lot more of them. At least we are in my neighborhood."
Also before the City Council committee was a plan to boost the city wage rate to $15 an hour over the next four years, with cost-of-living adjustments after that. It was initially co-sponsored by 21 aldermen — including members of the progressive caucus who say they are standing behind it but also won't vote against the mayor's proposal.
Emanuel's plan would start with an increase to $10 an hour on July 1, then 50-cent hikes in 2016 and 2017, followed by $1 increases in 2018 and 2019.
Every year after that, the minimum wage would go up by the increase in the local consumer price index, or 2.5 percent, whichever is lower. And if the unemployment rate tops 8.5 percent in any year after July 2019, there would be no increase.
Prior to returning to Springfield for the final scheduled days of the legislature's fall session, Madigan dismissed talk that lawmakers — if they act to raise the state wage — would take away Chicago's ability to do so.
"Without describing what we're going to do, we would not interfere with what they're going to do in the city," Madigan told the Tribune after watching his former top House lawyer get sworn in as an appellate judge. Asked if that meant Chicago would be allowed to have a higher minimum wage rate than the rest of the state, Madigan replied, "Yep."
Still, Madigan and other House Democrats acknowledged difficulties in coming up with votes needed to hike the state minimum wage rate.
"Well, we're working on it," Madigan said.
House Democrats have been looking at a plan similar to one sponsored by state Sen. Kimberly Lightford, D-Maywood, that would boost the state rate to $10 an hour next year. But the House plan also could include provisions such as a tax credit for small businesses and no increase in the minimum wage for those relying on tips, to appease the restaurant lobby.
Lightford said she doesn't want efforts to raise Chicago's minimum wage to undermine her work in getting a statewide bill passed.
"I don't want an argument to be that the city and state are at odds and therefore we don't move a minimum wage increase for the state," Lightford said. "I don't want to lose the vision we had for the state before the city decided it was going to go ahead and move forward. We need a wage increase across the state, and I'm trying to make sure we stay focused on that."
Tribune reporter Rick Pearson contributed. Long reported from Springfield.

http://usat.ly/1yBDW0lApple stock deletes $22.6B in one day!
By: Matt Krantz December 1, 2014 12:05 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Getty
Apple (AAPL) stock was supposed to completely destroy every retailer in its path this holiday season. But Apple is the one getting crushed Monday.
Shares of the gadget maker Monday closed down $3.86, or 3.3%, to $115.07. That might not sound like much of a decline, but when you’re talking about a stock worth upwards of $700 billion, it’s enormous. Investors lost $22.6 billion in stock value in one day.
The big drop in Apple’s value comes amid talk that the company might be the first to reach the $1 trillion valuation . Apple bulls think the stock can only go higher and that the laws of competition won’t apply, allowing the company to continue to charge $650 or more for smartphones even as competition heats up and new models of phones are increasingly comparable to the last.
It’s hard to decide why the stock is acting so badly during a time that all the bulls say it’s rocking. Here are three possible theories:
1. Cooling off after a meltup. Apple is the stock that everyone wants to talk about and own. There’s been such a pile on into the shares that the stock is up more than 40% this year — an enormous move for a stock this size. Given the magnitude of the move higher, it’s only natural to expect a decline.
2. Blasting past analysts targets. Apple’s stock is moving so fast that analysts’ 18-month targets keep melting away. Last week, the 18-month price target on Apple’s stock was $118 a share — creating an invisible ceiling for the stock. Analysts have since pushed their targets up higher to $120.31, says S&P Capital IQ, but the $118 level is still burned into some investors’ minds as a possible ceiling.
APPLE KEEPS BLOWING PAST ANALYSTS 18-MONTH PRICE TARGETS
Date

Australia vs India: Adelaide confirmed as first Test venueMore
Adelaide confirmed as first Test venue
The funeral for Phillip Hughes will be held in his home town of Macksville on Wednesday and it was therefore unreasonable to expect that the Gabba Test could go ahead on Thursday as scheduled.
By Brydon Coverdale and Daniel Brettig | ESPNcricinfo –  Mon 1 Dec, 2014 11:03 AM IST
Tweet
0
Kohli leaves a bat and cap at a memorial for Phil Hughes in Adelaide.The Adelaide Test has been confirmed as the first match of the Australia-India series and is set to begin on December 9, three days earlier than originally scheduled. The Brisbane Test will be shifted to second in the series and will begin on December 17, and the Sydney Test will be pushed back by three days to allow the players extra recovery time during a condensed, reworked four-Test schedule.
The changes were reported by host broadcaster Channel Nine on Monday night and the new dates were then posted in the fixtures section of Cricket Australia's website. Under the new schedule, the Boxing Day Test in Melbourne will be the only match of the series to retain its original dates. In late evening CA released an advisory, in which the chief executive James Sutherland explained the rationale for the changes.
"Nobody should underestimate just what these players are going through right now. These are difficult days and we need to support them in dealing with their grief," Sutherland said. "It's very clear that playing a Test right now is just too soon and we are reacting accordingly.
"We appreciate the understanding of cricket fans around the country, particularly those in Brisbane, Adelaide and Sydney during these highly difficult times. We acknowledge the difficulties this presents within the cricket communities that make these Test matches such terrific occasions.
"We are grateful to State Cricket Associations and venues in those cities for their understanding and willingness to accommodate such last-minute changes. A concern with these changes has been creating congestion within the cricket calendar by holding four Test matches in 33 days. We knew that if we started any later than 9 December, that congestion would only get worse.
"We looked at possibly holding the Brisbane Test in the new year following Sydney but we felt that would only compromise the tri-series against England and India which is important preparation for our ICC Cricket World Cup campaign. There will be knock-on effects from these decisions which people will obviously want answers to. We will work through them as quickly as we can, but just ask for patience given these unprecedented circumstances."
The Brisbane Test was to begin this Thursday but Cricket Australia announced at the weekend that it would be postponed due to the funeral for Phillip Hughes , which will take place in his hometown of Macksville on Wednesday. That led to complex discussions around the rescheduling of the Gabba Test, with a number of options considered, including cancelling it entirely.
Other scenarios, such as the delay of the Gabba and Adelaide Tests by a few days each and the playing of the Brisbane match last, following the New Year's Test in Sydney, were ruled out. The former option was judged to allow the players too little time following Hughes' funeral, while the latter would unduly interfere with lead-in time for the triangular ODI series that will precede the World Cup.
Instead, it has been decided to compromise by squeezing all four Tests into a 33-day period. The compressed fixture will mean only three days between the Adelaide and Brisbane Tests, and four days between Brisbane and Melbourne.
A longer break between the third and fourth Tests in Melbourne and Sydney was therefore included to give the players extra rest time during what will already be a hectic month. In the lead-up to the first Test, which starts on Tuesday next week, India are expected to play a two-day tour match in Adelaide on December 4 and 5.
Australia's players were united in their belief that Adelaide would be the more appropriate start venue for the Test series, and they are believed to be willing to handle the rigours of what will effectively become four back-to-back Tests. Adelaide Oval will also be a fitting venue for Australia's first match after laying Hughes to rest, given that it was his adopted home ground for the past two summers.
"While this wasn't done by design, it is somewhat fitting that the first Test will take place in Adelaide at Phillip's adopted home ground where we hope the match can be a seen as a celebration of his life," Sutherland said. "We are committed to developing a range of tributes that show just how much Phillip was loved by the Australian cricket community."
The five-day delay to the start of the Test series could also have consequences for the squads picked by each team. India's captain MS Dhoni had been ruled out of the first Test at the Gabba due to an injury to his right thumb and Australia's captain Michael Clarke seemed certain to miss due to a hamstring injury. However, both men will now have extra recovery time ahead of the new first Test.
Clarke, though, has naturally been unable to continue his rehabilitation programme over the past week. He has flown to Macksville ahead of Wednesday's funeral, while several other New South Wales-based members of the Test squad attended state training in Sydney on Monday, for the first time since Hughes died on Thursday. Brad Haddin and Josh Hazlewood were among the Test squad members who took part in a light training session.
Cricket Australia also needed to make a decision on the next round of Sheffield Shield matches, which was to begin this Friday. One of the games, between New South Wales and Queensland, is scheduled to be played at the SCG, where Hughes was struck by a bouncer last Tuesday. Late on Monday night, the Cricket Australia website fixture had those games listed to start four days later, on December 9.
Grade cricket in Sydney and Adelaide was cancelled over the weekend but club cricket continued at lower levels, and at suburban grounds all around the country tributes were paid to Hughes.
An especially poignant moment occurred in a grade match in Perth, where Ashton Agar was dismissed for 98 while batting for University on Saturday. It was the same score that Agar made on Test debut at Trent Bridge last year, when he batted with Hughes for more than two hours and set a new Test record for a tenth-wicket Test partnership.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Warnings but little action as South Korea risks deflationWarnings but little action as South Korea risks deflation
NYMEX-U.S. crude dips below $69 after Monday s reboundNYMEX-U.S. crude dips below $69 after Monday s rebound
10 (More) Art Therapy Techniques To Help You De-Stress This Holiday Seasonreddit
The holidays are just around the corner which means family, food and, for many of us, stress on stress. Whether you're dreading those endless conversations with your great aunt Judith or getting anxious over the prospect of this year's New Year's resolutions, may we humbly suggest you let your creative side serve as a sort of internal massage.
Art therapy is a form of therapy predicated on the belief that artistic expression has the power to help us in healing, in self-esteem or simply in chilling out. It's unique in that most other forms of therapy rely on language as the foremost mode of communication, whereas art requires something different, something harder to define.
We're not art therapists, and the techniques below are only suggestions based on practices familiar to the art therapy community. But for those hungry for a creative outlet to relieve the tension that tends to build up this time of year, the practices below may help. They require few materials and no artistic background -- in fact, the less art you make, the better. The following suggestions are less about the final product, and more about the transformation that occurs along the way.
Behold, 10 art therapy techniques to help you relax this season.
1. Create a color collage
Color has the ability to affect our moods . Sometimes, however, instead of using color to transform our current state of mind, it's helpful to take a moment to delve deep into the color you're currently experiencing. Feeling hot-tempered and uninhibited? Cut and paste orange images that fit your mood. Working within your current emotional state can help you make sense of why you're feeling the way you're feeling and realize that, perhaps, it's not such a bad place to be.
2. Make a power mask
Most often we think of wearing a mask as a way to hide something about ourselves, but sometimes this layer of protection and anonymity makes us feel liberated and actually aids in expressing something true, difficult and real. Create a power mask, filled with symbols that make you feel strong (think of an actor's costume or athlete's helmet). You can put it on when preparing for a rough situation -- whether it's dinner with the extended family or giving a speech at work -- and prove to yourself you can accomplish the task at hand with or without the mask.
3. Construct a holiday "anti-calendar"
All too often calendars are jam-packed with chores, obligations and responsibilities, making the coming days a point of stress more than solace. Try making a DIY advent calendar, which we've dubbed an anti-calendar. Instead of giving yourself a chocolate each day, treat yourself to a compliment, a doodle, an inspiring quote or an encouraging mandate such as "eat breakfast in bed today." If all goes according to plan, you could find yourself bouncing out of bed each morning like a kid on Christmas.
4. Start a doodle chain
Fact: It's impossible for a doodle to look bad. Once you give in to the endless possibilities that occur when wiggly line meets unidentified shape, you'll find it dangerously hard to stop drawing. Start a doodle-centric take on exquisite corpse with a friend or loved one to loosen your attachment to your creation. It's pretty magical to watch your lone squiggle blossom into a spindly beast before your eyes. You can also try this with a pen-pal for a more productive spin on chain mail.
5. Draft a portrait of a past self
We're not talking about past lives here, but versions of yourself you feel like you've either lost touch with or outgrown. Whether you're revisiting a phase of innocence, ignorance or just plain difference, using the space between memory and imagination as your subject helps illuminate how malleable your self really is. It feels almost like reading your old diary for the first time in years.
6. Build a wishing tree
Take a cue from her majesty Yoko Ono and build a physical object to hold your wildest dreams. Use either a real plant or a tree-like object you create yourself, write your wishes down on paper and hang them, one by one. You can invite others to do the same. Writing your hopes and dreams on paper brings you a small step closer to making them real. Not to mention, the little white papers resemble blossoming flowers from far away.
7. Paint your own personal set of Russian dolls
Though we're built a little differently -- mainly, not out of wood -- we too have different layers nestled inside us at all times. What is the self you portray to others? What about to your most trusted loved ones? What remains hidden underneath? You can either purchase a set of dolls and paint over them or paint atop a set of cardboard gift boxes or other stackable objects. Feel free to use images and words to recreate the layers you envision when you think of yourself.
8. Add on to a masterpiece
Intimidated by a glaring sheet of blank paper? Yeah, us too. Instead of starting from scratch, try adding onto a canvas you already know and love to boost your confidence and lower the risk. Whether you're applying makeup to the Mona Lisa or filling in the blanks of a Paul Klee paintings with your own brand of alien creatures, we're sure the original artists would be honored by your tribute. Who knows? You could become a famed appropriation artist in the process.
9. Assemble a safe space
This is for the architects among us. Remember building a pillow fort as a kid? That cozy, secret space for you and only you? Take inspiration from the five-year-old inside and build yourself a grown-up fort -- ahem, an art installation. You can create a full-blown tent if you wish or simply arrange meaningful items in a closet or under the bed. Incorporate nostalgic objects, old toys or blankets, twinkly lights -- anything that makes you feel removed from the world around you. Put on a soothing song and let the good feelings wash over you.
10. Use crayons
Yup, it's that simple. There's something about the crayon's blunt tip and uneven method of coloring that is at once frustrating and liberating. Yes, it's hard to draw a straight line. Yes, it's nearly impossible to color in a space without it looking patchy. But that's exactly the point. Allow your artistic imperfections to float to the surface and learn to cherish every human error in your creation. Whatever work you create will be distinctly yours, even if it's not quite museum-worthy.
For more suggestions, check out our earlier post " 10 Easy Art Therapy Techniques To Help You De-Stress ."
Also on HuffPost:

Surreal Photos Explore Why Women Often Wrap Up Their Identity In Their Hairreddit
There is a very complex relationship between a woman and her hair. The protein filaments that sprout from our scalps somehow become emblematic of a woman's identity, as if vital secrets were wrapped in every strand. We spend valuable time and money primping our coiffures as if they had the uncanny ability to transmit messages to strangers. And yet hairs on legs, tummies, pits and toes are often deemed grotesque and removed immediately.
Why is there such a strange code of conduct around a lady's mane? That's exactly what photographer Rebecca Drolen chose to explore in her surreal black-and-white series aptly dubbed "Hair Parts."
"For many years, I have been a person who is recognizable by my long and somewhat wild hair," Drolen explained to The Huffington Post. "My series, 'Hair Pieces,' began with some self-reflection and essentially laughing at myself as I wondered why or how I wrap up so much of my sense of identity in my looks, specifically my hair."
"The first image was made when I found a braided ponytail that I had cut off years earlier with intention of donating. For whatever reason, I thought…I can use this! I fashioned the braid into a necktie, put on a short wig, and made the first image of the series, 'Hair Tie.' The image is one part liberating and two parts manic. I loved the notion of telling an ambiguous story with only the figure and their interaction with hair as the contents of the frame."
Drolen's photos provide an otherworldly glimpse at the peculiar role hair plays in our daily lives. Some photos examine what hair is acceptable (eyelashes), desirable (ponytail) and deplorable (armpits). Some resemble wonky fashion editorials while others feel like Cousin Itt's head shots. The minimalist images capture the paradoxical nature of these peculiar fibers -- at once attractive and repulsive, part of our bodies and yet not.
"I entered making this work with a sense of fascination that hair is both beautiful and repulsive in our culture. The fragile influence of context is its only distinction. We see long hair on a woman as a symbol of beauty and femininity, but as soon as the hair is cut or removed the body, we think of it as unsanitary and strange. Likewise, we seem to never have enough hair in the places we want it, and too much hair in the places that we don’t want it to be!"
The dreamlike images -- at once playful and critical -- capture the strange and contradictory roles hair plays in our lives. Think about them next time you whip out your razor.
Also on HuffPost:

Banks use big data to trap wily tradersBanks tap into big data to trap wily traders
Tracy Alloway and Kara Scannell in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8c2452ee-72c9-11e4-803d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Samsung crown prince poised to make mark© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e04d2684-7698-11e4-a704-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Samsung eyes management shake-up© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a1b0353c-73a1-11e4-92bc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mystics distract Indias ministersMystics distract India’s ministers from Modi’s development drive
Victor Mallet in New Delhi
Officials criticised for seeking advice from astrologers and promoting Hinduism
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bb889d3a-7727-11e4-a082-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

British MPs banned from Hong Kong visitBritish MPs banned from Hong Kong visit
George Parker in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/08919562-78ba-11e4-b518-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Monday Interview: Tsuneo Murata© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ee30beaa-66a8-11e4-8bf6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Planning a trip Find out the bank holidays this monthTerms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Calm returns to HK after night of clashesLast updated: December 1, 2014 11:39 am
Calm returns to Hong Kong after night of violence
Jennifer Hughes and Julie Zhu in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c6460c1c-78fd-11e4-b518-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Aberdeen chief predicts Asia oil boostAberdeen Asset Management predicts oil boost for emerging markets
Claer Barrett
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7c170878-7928-11e4-a57d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Top bets: Five stocks that could be multibaggersAhluwalia Contracts (India) Ltd.
(Even though most of the stocks…)
NEW DEHI: It has been a dream run for the Indian markets with the S&P BSE Sensex recording a return of over 35 per cent so far in the year 2014. The euphoria in the markets has also led to a strong rally in various small and midcap stocks which have more than doubled in the same period.
Even though most of the stocks have already rallied a lot, analysts still see further upside in names like Aries Agro, Century Plyboards, Lumax Auto, and Ahluwalia Contracts, which have already more than doubled so far in the year 2014 and will continue to remain multibagger in the near future, say analysts.
Considering the overall situation of falling crude prices and control over domestic inflation, analysts predict a strong growth in the earnings in the coming quarters, which will give a further boost to the markets. So the rally is here to stay!
Global investment bank Citigroup in its latest report has raised the December-2015 Sensex target to 33000, from 31,000 earlier, translating into an upside of 15 per cent from Friday's closing level of 28,693.99.
We have collated a list of five less-known names from different brokerage firms, which belong to either the mid or small cap sector. These stocks have the potential to remain multibagger stocks in the near future:
Aries Agro Ltd: HDFC Securities recommends 'buy' and add on declines
Aries Agro Ltd (AAL) is a leader in nutritional products for plants, and manufactures a wide range of products under 65 brands of plant nutrients crop protection chemicals. Its diversified product portfolio and wide distribution network enables it to have an upper edge over its peers. Its product mix with multiple products targeting various strata of farmer is a huge entry barrier.
The company currently stands in a very strong position to grab the opportunities in the micronutrients segment in the agriculture industry. Going ahead we feel that the company could enhance its topline and bottomline substantially because of expected growth in the demand for its products.
The experienced management, higher capacity utilization, widespread network, further scope for spreading across the nation and higher utility of its products could act as a trigger for AAL to grow in the coming years.
Century Plyboards India Ltd: Sharekhan maintains 'buy'
Century Plyboards (Century) is a leading player in the fast growing plywood and laminate segment, with an overall share of 25 per cent of the organised plywood market, which is estimated at Rs4,500-4,800 crore.
The organised plywood and laminate segment is growing at healthy double digits due to an improving demand environment and a shift towards branded products. The brokerage firm believes that it can grow ahead of the industry, at 22% CAGR, over the next three to five years.
 
Century is a high-quality consumer play with a dominant market share in a fast growing niche segment. Consequently, Sharekhan expects the stock to command a premium valuation and outperform the broader market over the long term. We initiate coverage on the stock with a Buy rating.
Lumax Auto Technologies Ltd: IndiaNivesh Securities maintains 'buy'
Lumax Auto Technologies (LATL) is a supplier of key components to the two-wheeler and the passenger car industries. Its key customers include Bajaj Auto, Piaggio, Honda Motorcycles and Scooters, Maruti Suzuki, Toyota and Tata Motors. Strong tie-ups with these OEMs will entail large business opportunities in the next few years.
In spite of weak environment for auto OEMs, LATL's revenues stayed flattish in the past couple of years. However, EBIT margin weakened due to impact of higher depreciation and interest costs related to new plants .
From here on, the research firm expects strong volume growth coupled with margin expansion in the next couple of years. With comfortable D/E of 0.2x and robust ROCE of over 17%, they find current valuations attractive.
Visaka Industries Ltd: Angel Broking maintains 'buy'
Visaka Industries (VIL) is engaged in two businesses - building products (cement asbestos products and fibre cement flat products like V-boards and V-panels) and synthetic yarn.
It has an installed capacity of 7,52,000 MT of cement asbestos products with a strong network of 6000 plus stockists / dealers across India. With consumer and business confidence improving in building products segment and sustainable performance of its synthetic yarn segment, the brokerage firm expects the company to post a strong performance going ahead.
Angel Broking expects the net profit to grow at a CAGR of 81 per cent over FY2014-16E to Rs 39 cr. At the current price, the stock is trading at a valuation of 5x FY2016E EPS, which we believe is attractive. They initiate coverage on VIL with a Buy rating.
Ahluwalia Contracts India Ltd: AnandRathi initiating with a Buy

beyondbrics: Uganda joins wave of GDP rebasingSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Hong Kong protesters remain defiantShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Hong Kong protesters remain defiant
Nov 26, 2014 : Students and pro-democracy campaigners are determined to continue their protest as Hong Kong police use batons and pepper spray to clear the roads in Mongkok, one of the main protest sites in the Chinese territory.
Credits: Produced and edited by Tom Griggs. Footage by Reuters

Xi tones down foreign policy rhetoricXi Jinping tones down foreign policy rhetoric
Tom Mitchell in Beijing and David Pilling in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b95a3730-792f-11e4-a57d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indias godmen with earthly influenceDecember 1, 2014 5:14 pm
The ‘godmen’ of India who bring out the vote, and wield earthly influence
Amy Kazmin – New Delhi
Contemporary Hinduism offers the most unlikely characters lucrative careers, writes Amy Kazmin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bef8227c-7733-11e4-8273-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bond funds worldwide attract $204 billon inflows  beat stocks: BofAYou are here: Home > Collections > Inflows
Bond funds worldwide attract $204 billon inflows, beat stocks: BofA
Reuters Dec 2, 2014, 01.44AM IST
(BofA noted that since 2006,…)
Investors worldwide have poured $204 billion into bond funds year to date, easily surpassing inflows of $121 billion into stock funds, a Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Research report showed on Monday.
For the latest week, high-yield bond funds posted $300 million of inflows in the holiday-shortened week and emerging market debt funds attracted $500 million, according to the report, which also cited data from fund-tracker EPFR Global.
Japanese stock funds worldwide attracted $500 million of inflows, after $1.2 billion of inflows the previous week.
BofA noted that since 2006, $960 billion have flowed into equity exchange-traded funds versus $813 billion of redemptions from equity mutual funds.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Qataris leading race for $900 mn Pepe Jeans ...Hackett
(The clothing retailer,…)
LONDON/DUBAI: The Qatari royal family is leading the race to buy the Spanish fashion brand Pepe Jeans as buyout funds struggle to match the sellers' price expectation of at least 700 million euros, several sources close to the auction process said.
The clothing retailer, which is also selling its menswear brand Hackett , expects binding offers in around three weeks, one of the sources said.
Mayhoola for Investments SPC, an investment vehicle with close ties to Sheikha Mozah, the second wife of the former emir, is the financial vehicle that the Qatari royal family is using to place its offer. In 2012 Mayhoola purchased the iconic Italian fashion house Valentino from Permira for about 700 million euros.
"The Qataris are well positioned in the race for Pepe as they're the only bidder willing to pay a big cheque," the source said.
Pepe's advisor Morgan Stanley received indicative offers in October from a series of financial investors including Permira, KKR, PAI, and Cinven, a second source said. The highest bid came in at 730 million euros ($912 million), the source said.
Pepe, known for its denim and casual wear collections, is majority held by private equity firms Torreal, Arta Capital and L Capital. The management team has a 30 per cent stake.
A TASTE FOR FASHION
The luxury goods industry has entered a lower growth cycle mainly because of economic weakness in Europe and the slowdown in some international markets including China and most recently Russia, where international sanctions have forced the rouble into freefall.
"Traditional investors are finding Pepe too expensive and are struggling on many fronts," another source said, pointing to rising costs to fund deals on the European debt market.
Mayhoola is building up a portfolio of high-end brands in Europe. Earlier this year it bought the majority of Forall Confezioni, which produces the Italian luxury menswear brand Pal Zileri and holds licenses for Moschino and Cerruti 1881.
Pepe, which was launched in London by three brothers as a weekend roadside stall in Portobello Road in 1973, became an established brand in the UK's fashion industry in the Nineties starring celebrities like Kate Moss for its advertising campaigns. It is now present in 60 countries and sells its products through more than 7,000 multi-brand stores.
Representatives at Pepe Jeans and Mayhoola were not available for comment. A spokesman for Morgan Stanley declined to comment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Strikes hit IS garrison  electronic warfare ...(Kobane, on Syria's northern…)
garrison," in four days of strikes, the US military said Monday.
Between November 28 and December 1, coalition aircraft and drones bombed targets in Iraq and Syria, where they hit militants besieging the town of Kobane and IS headquarters in Raqa.
In Raqa, they struck a tank, 14 other vehicles, a jihadist base and what they described as an electronic warfare garrison and a separate "jamming system," US Central Command said.
Kobane, on Syria's northern border with Turkey, is in the grip of an intense battle between Kurdish militia fighters and IS jihadists.
This was the scene of 17 of the 27 strikes conducted in Syria over the four-day reporting period, and the US military said seven IS units, two buildings, three tanks and four vehicles were hit.
Separately, a strike targeted the so-called "Khorasan Group," a network of veteran Al-Qaeda operatives, near Aleppo. No damage report or casualty estimate was given for this strike.
In Iraq, a further 28 strikes hit IS vehicles, artillery, bases and fighting positions near the towns of Mosul, Hit, Tal Afar, Tikrit and Ramadi.
In Syria, the US-led campaign is supported by planes and pilots from Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates.
In Iraq, the coalition is joined by Australia , Belgium , Britain , Canada, Denmark, France and the Netherlands.
The strikes began in Iraq in August after the Islamic State group captured Mosul and launched a lightning offensive that seized swathes of the country's western desert, threating the approaches to Baghdad.
The campaign was later extended to Syria after President Barack Obama vowed to "degrade and ultimately destroy" the IS threat through strikes and increased support for Iraqi and Kurdish forces.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Design flaws led to 2013 battery fire in Bo...Boeing 787
(The US National Transportation…)
WASHINGTON: A lithium-ion battery that caught fire aboard a parked Boeing 787 in 2013 in Boston had design flaws and it should not have been certified by the US Federal Aviation Administration, US accident investigators said on Monday.
The National Transportation Safety Board said the battery, manufactured by GS Yuasa Corp, experienced an internal short circuit that led to thermal runaway of the cell. This condition caused flammable materials to be ejected outside the battery's case and resulted in a small fire, the NTSB said in its report on the incident.
The agency said its investigators found a number of design and manufacturing concerns that could have led to the short circuiting, including the presence of foreign debris and an inspection process that could not reliably detect defects.
No one was hurt in the January 2013 incident aboard a Japan Airlines plane. The fire broke out while the 787 Dreamliner was parked at Boston's Logan Airport after passengers and crew had departed.
Another battery overheated on an All Nippon Airways plane later the same month, prompting regulators to ground the global fleet until April that year.
Boeing redesigned the battery and charger and designed a steel box to contain fires and vent hot gasses outside the plane.
The batteries are widely used in cars, laptops and smartphones and have a tendency to overheat through processes that are not well understood by scientists.
Because the battery was a new technology, the FAA had required Boeing to demonstrate its safety in aircraft.
The NTSB faulted Boeing for ruling out the possibility of thermal runaway in its safety assessment of the battery, and it criticized the FAA for certifying the battery without thoroughly scrutinizing the potential danger.
The NTSB said it is recommending that the FAA improve the guidance it provides to the aircraft industry and to FAA engineers on safety assessments involving new technology.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Microsoft buys email management app AccompliYou are here: Home > Collections > Microsoft
Microsoft buys email management mobile app Accompli
AFP Dec 2, 2014, 01.59AM IST
Tags:
Accompli
(Microsoft said Monday it…)
WASHINGTON: Microsoft said Monday it was buying the mobile email management application Accompli, in a deal reported to be worth more than $200 million.
The deal gives Microsoft a startup helping people more easily manage their mail on handsets using Google Android or Apple iOS operating systems.
"In a world where more than half of email messages are first read on a mobile device, it's essential to give people fantastic email experiences wherever they go," said Microsoft vice president Rajesh Jha in a blog post.
"The Accompli team is passionate about this quest. Their app provides innovative ways to focus on what's important in your inbox, to schedule meetings, and work with attachments and files."
The price was not disclosed by Microsoft, but reported by the news website Re/code.
Accompli's Javier Soltero said on his blog that the app "will become part of Microsoft's ambitious effort to reimagine productivity for the mobile era."
He noted that "18 months ago we started building a team and a product around the idea that we could make mobile email better. Today that journey continues as part of a larger organization with the technology, talent, and market reach that will help us take the vision of Acompli to hundreds of millions of mobile users across the world."
FEATURED ARTICLES

US stocks: Wall Street falls in broad decline; Apple stumblesApple
(Manufacturing growth across…)
NEW YORK: US stocks fell in a broad decline on Monday, with the S&P 500 suffering its biggest one-day drop in more than a month, as economic data indicated weakness across the globe and the holiday shopping season got off to a tepid start.
The day's losses were broad, with eight of the ten primary S&P 500 sectors lower on the day. Industrials were the day's biggest decliners, pressured by manufacturing data that still pointed to sluggish demand.
Apple Inc was one of the biggest weights on the session, falling 3.2 per cent to $115.07 in its biggest one-day decline since September. It tumbled shortly after the open in its largest one-minute volume in more than a month in what some traders deemed a "mini-flash crash."
Growth in the US manufacturing sector slowed for a third straight month in November, decelerating to its most sluggish since January, according to Markit. The ISM report also showed a slowing pace of growth, though it was stronger than expected.
Manufacturing growth across Asia and Europe eased last month as heavy price cuts failed to revive demand. General Electric Co fell 1.8 per cent to $26.02.
"We're watching growth struggle, especially outside the United States," said Mark Martiak, senior wealth strategist at Premier Wealth/First Allied Securities in New York. "Investors may be overly complacent."
Early holiday promotions and online shopping took a toll on in-store US sales during the Thanksgiving weekend as shoppers on average spent 6.4 per cent less than they did a year earlier, according to data released Sunday by an industry group.
The S&P 500 retail index fell 1.5 per cent while Target Corp lost 1.7 per cent to $72.75.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 51.44 points, or 0.29 per cent, to 17,776.9, the S&P 500 lost 14.12 points, or 0.68 per cent, to 2,053.44 and the Nasdaq Composite
dropped 64.28 points, or 1.34 per cent, to 4,727.35.
Despite Monday's decline, equities have been strong of late, with major indexes hitting multiple records last week and closing out a sixth straight week of gains.
Energy stocks were a bright spot on the day, up 0.7 per cent alongside a 4.8 per cent surge in crude oil, which rebounded from a massive drop of more than 10 per cent on Friday. The S&P energy index remains the weakest sector of 2014, down almost 10 per cent.
Exxon Mobil Corp rose 2 per cent to $92.35, while Chevron Corp was up 2.6 per cent to $111.73. Both stocks limited the Dow's decline.
NYSE decliners outnumbered advancers 2,410 to 693, for a 3.48-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 2,133 issues fell and 602 advanced, for a 3.54-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 105 new 52-week highs and 25 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 103 new highs and 155 new lows.
About 7 billion shares traded on all US platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Smartphone expansion cooling  prices droppin...The sluggish growth is likely to continue through 2018, IDC said, with the average increase over the period just 9.8 per cent.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: The global smartphone market will see cooler growth in the next few years, amid "cutthroat" competition that will bring down prices for many consumers, a market tracker said Monday.
A forecast by the research firm IDC indicates smartphone sales of 1.5 billion units in 2015, a rise of 12.2 percent from the current year's estimate. That would mean growth falling by more than half from the 26 percent pace of 2014.
The sluggish growth is likely to continue through 2018, IDC said, with the average increase over the period just 9.8 percent.
Significantly, smartphone prices are likely to drop from an average selling price of $297 in 2014 to $241 by 2018.
Emerging markets like India will see much lower smartphone prices -- $135 in 2014 and $102 by 2018.
Smartphone revenues "will be hard hit by the increasingly cutthroat nature of pricing," growing just 4.2 percent over the same forecast period, according to IDC.
"The impact of upstart Chinese players in the global market will be reflected in a race to the bottom when it comes to price," IDC analyst Melissa Chau said.
"While premium phones aren't going anywhere, we are seeing increasingly better specs in more affordable smartphones. Consumers no longer have to go with a top-of-the-line handset to guarantee decent hardware quality or experience. The biggest question now is how much lower can prices go?"
IDC said Google-powered Android devices will continue to dominate the market with 80 percent of global smartphones and 61 percent of revenues. Apple's iPhones will represent 13 per cent of units sold and 34 percent of revenues, the report said.
"As shipment volume slows, we expect greater attention to shift toward value trends," said IDC's Ramon Llamas.
"Apple's approach with premium pricing ensures a growing portion of overall revenues despite its declining market share."
Because of Android's dominant position, IDC said new operating systems like Tizen and Firefox will have difficulty gaining a foothold and "must bring a radically different appeal to gain any significant traction," IDC said.

Manhunt underway for suspect in West Virginia shooting rampageBy Elahe Izadi December 1 Follow @ElaheIzadi
Jody Lee Hunt (Courtesy of West Virginia State Police)
Police in West Virginia said on Monday night that the suspect in a series of fatal shootings has been found dead.
The body of Jody Lee Hunt, a 39-year-old man from Westover, W.V., was discovered in his truck, hours after a shooting spree left four people dead and prompted police to launch a manhunt.
The Monongalia County Sheriff’s Department and West Virginia State Police confirmed to  CBS affiliate WDTV that Hunt was found dead “with an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head off of U.S. Route 19 near the Monongalia and Marion County border.”
Police had spent hours Monday searching for Hunt after, they say, he apparently killed four people in a series of shooting incidents in the north-central part of the state.
Sharon Kay Berkshire, 39, and Michael David Frum, 28, were killed in one incident in the Cheat Lake area, the Charleston Gazette reported . Police said two other shootings occurred in the Westover area, the Associated Press reported .
Westover Police Sgt. John Morgan identified Doug Brady as the third victim, the Wall Street Journal reported .  Earlier in the day, police were investigating  a shooting incident at Doug’s Towing , which Brady owns.
“These are all people he has a relationship with, knows. It’s not random,” state police Lt. Michael Baylous told Reuters .
Berkshire had filed a domestic violence case against Hunt last month, the AP reported citing court documents, but no current protective orders were found.
Hunt was last seen wearing a white hat and was likely armed, the Dominion Post reported .
After the shootings, area schools went into lockdown. “We ask that everyone stay vigilant and use their discretion about whether they should leave their homes,” Monongalia County 911 director Mike Wolfe told the AP.
But nearby West Virginia University remains open.
“There is no immediate threat to West Virginia University’s campus. The incident is not associated with WVU nor did it occur on or near campus,” a statement from the university read. Additional campus police patrols will be out monitoring the area, the university said.
[This post has been updated.]
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

Turkeys age-old grievances re-emerge© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/59803c20-6c18-11e4-b1e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fear of a deflationary spiral© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7a0e882e-700b-11e4-bc6a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Beijings unresolved Hong Kong questionThe unresolved Hong Kong question for Beijing
China should offer the student protesters an honourable way out
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7e83ca42-7950-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lucy Kellaway sizes up Tyler Brls workplaceLucy Kellaway v Tyler Brûlé on design’s role in the workplace
Lucy Kellaway
Lucy visits Monocle to inspect its new manifesto for business
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dbc2e88c-66a4-11e4-8bf6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil price fall  good news  for world economy...Christine Lagarde
("There will be winners and…)
WASHINGTON: The plunge in oil prices since June may hurt some crude exporters but is overall a good thing for the world economy , International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde said Monday.
"There will be winners and losers, but on a net basis it's good news for the global economy," she said in Washington.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Watch Live as U.S. Lawmakers Speak About Fergusonwatch live as u.s. lawmakers speak about ferguson
ET Awards: India Inc upbeat as Modi s men outline steps to economic growthachhe din
(At the function, some of…)
Eager anticipation — of big things to come — was the dominant emotion at the ET Awards for Corporate Excellence. The gloom, even despair, which had gripped Indian business owners, CEOs and entrepreneurs at around this time last year seemed a distant memory.
Dhiraj Rajaram , one of the winners in the Entrepreneur of the Year category, in his acceptance speech, saw the potential of Achhe Din changing into Bade Achhe Din.
The Indian equity indices have outperformed other emerging markets so far this year with the NSE Nifty rising 35% since January 1 in dollar terms. The rupee is the best-performing currency among big emerging markets.
On Monday, a clutch of brokerages forecast that the market will rise by 14% to 26% by December 2015.
At the function, some of the leading ministers of the Modi government, led by the finance minister, stoked the optimism in the audience by outlining steps they intended to take to rev up the economy.
The essence of their remarks was that the government was moving on all fronts to resolve issues which had been hampering investment. This included pushing through a constitutional amendment to introduce a Goods and Services Tax (GST) amending the law governing insurance to raise the FDI limit to 49%, converting ordinance on the coal sector into a Bill as well as modifying laws such as the one on land acquisition.
Corporate leaders, for their part, praised the new government's intention but stressed that doing business must become easier.
The event, held in the grand setting of the Trident's Regal Room, was hosted by Karan Johar, the renowned filmmaker. Sunil Mittal , chairman and founder, Bharti Group, said the trailer was promising and the country was awaiting the magnum opus.
In his speech, finance minister Arun Jaitley emphasised the need to battle obsolete thinking of the kind exemplified, according to him, the land acquisition bill, which states that land acquired under the Act, could not be used to set up a private educational institution, hospital or a hotel.
The reaction of an MP belonging to the Left parties who said the recently promulgated ordinance on the coal sector amounted to tinkering with nationalisation was another example of the mindset which the government was determined to combat. The ordinance has an enabling provision permitting commercial mining. Jaitley emphasised that manufacturing could take off only if it was competitive to locate in India. For that to happen, taxation had to be predictable and cost of capital lower, he said.
While Jaitley and the other ministers promised to make things better in the future, the winners of the ET Awards this year are those companies that have braved the not-so bracing investment climate of the past 2-3 years and still remained on top.
Both the Business Leader of the Year, Dilip Shanghvi of Sun Pharma, and Company of the Year TCS are the top companies in their respective sectors — pharma and software — which have flourished in the downturn.
"Today, there are many companies in India which solve the problems of many many corporations across the world and, I think, we can leverage all the technology out there - whether it's cloud or big data - to solve many of our problems and promote growth in India," said N Chandrasekaran, CEO, TCS.
The Awards also recognised the changing nature of entrepreneuership by recognising Zomato , the owner of an eponymous restaurant app, as Startup of the Year. "It's a big win and big recognition for the company and the team spread across the globe. There are more than a 1,000 'Zomans' across the world as we call ourselves. We have been pushing hard to make 'Make in India' go global by opening in more countries across the world," said Pankaj Chaddah, co-founder of Zomato.
In their acceptance speeches many of the winners referred to various programmes launched by Prime Minister Modi. While TCS' Chandrasekaran praised the 'Digital India' initiative, Chandra Shekhar Ghosh, the founder of Bandhan and the co-winner of the Entrepreneur of the Year Award lauded the 'Jan Dhan Yojana."
Dhiraj Rajaram, the founder and chief executive officer of Mu Sigma, said that the use of data will help realise the potential of what PM Modi has often referred to as the three Ds — Demography, Demand and Democracy — which are India's strengths.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sindhu clinches Macau Open titleSindhu retains Macau Open title
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS India Private Limited/Yahoo India News –  Sun 30 Nov, 2014
Print
PV SindhuMacau, Nov 30 (IANS) Indian shuttler PV Sindhu successfully defended her Macau Open Grand Prix Gold women's singles title, beating South Korean Kim Hyo Min in straight games at the Tap Seac Multisport Pavilion here Sunday.
Two-time World Championships bronze medallist Sindhu registered a comprehensive 21-12, 21-17 victory in 45 minutes in the final of the $120,000 event.
Playing against the World No.91 Kim for the first time, the Indian World No.11 won the first game with ease.
After a brief tussle till the nine-point mark, Sindhu upped the ante and grabbed five straight points before sealing the game by taking six successive points. She pressurised Kim with aggressive play and won the game 21-12.
Kim improved her game but failed to stop a determined Sindhu from winning the second game.
The South Korean matched Sindhu shot by shot and enjoyed a 11-8 lead. After the two-minute break, however, Sindhu regained her focus and collected five points on the trot.
The 18-year-old Kim battled hard to equalise at 13-all before the Hyderabadi again went on the offensive and bagged four straight points to hold a 17-13 lead.
The South Korean was forced to pull things back and did well to reduce the deficit to one at 16-17.
However, Sindhu kept her cool and sealed the game in her favour by taking three successive points. The 19-year-old Indian won the second game 21-17.
This win marked Sindhu's third Grand Prix title triumph.
In the men's singles competition, Xue Song defeated Wong Wing Ki Vincent 16-21, 21-13, 21-19 in an hour and four minutes.
In the men's doubles final, Singapore's pair of Danny Bawa Chrisnanta and Chayut Triyachart edged Indonesian team of Angga Pratama and Ricky Karanda Suwardi 21-19, 22-20 in 43 minutes.
While Chinese women's doubles pairing of Ou Dongini and Xiaohan Yu won 19-21, 21-19, 21-9 in an hour and five minutes against compatriot Yaqiong Huang and Zhong Quanxin, Chrisnanta and Yu Yan Vaneesa Neo settled for a runners-up finish in the mixed doubles event.
The Singaporean pair lost to Indonesian pair of Edi Subaktiar and Gloria Emanuelle Widjaja 15-21, 30-29, 20-22 in a marathon encounter that lasted an hour and 16 minutes.
Recommend

TPC-RInfra porting row: APTEL flays MERC decisionDec 01, 2014, 08.40 PM IST  | Source: PTI
TPC-RInfra porting row: APTEL flays MERC decision
The Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) had last year, ordered transfer of RInfra's 7.92 lakh low-end residential consumers with a monthly power consumption of up to 300 units to Tata Power's distribution arm from November 1 last year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
TPC-RInfra porting row: APTEL flays MERC decision
The Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) had last year, ordered transfer of RInfra's 7.92 lakh low-end residential consumers with a monthly power consumption of up to 300 units to Tata Power's distribution arm from November 1 last year.
Post your opinion here
 
The Appellate Tribunal for Electricity (APTEL) has criticised state electricity regulator MERC for ordering transfer of 7.92 lakh low-end consumers of  RInfra to  Tata Power saying it has "exceeded its jurisdiction" by issuing such directions.
The Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) had last year, ordered transfer of RInfra's 7.92 lakh low-end residential consumers with a monthly power consumption of up to 300 units to Tata Power's distribution arm from November 1 last year.
"The state commission has exceeded its jurisdiction in giving the directions for transfer of about 7.92 lakh consumers in 0-300 units slab en-mass to Tata Power while being connected to RInfra's distribution system. These directions have been passed in violation of the principles of natural justice," APTEL said in an order uploaded on its website today.
The regulator said its decision was to foster competition in the distribution business and accordingly allowed Tata Power to take low-end consumers of RInfra from the 11 clusters identified by the regulator. It also said the move would protect consumer interest, specifically that of the low-end ones as Tata Power would be offering power at cheaper rates.
Before issuing the order MERC had asked TPC to have its own distribution network in place in the designated 11 clusters, which TPC failed to implement. MERC had, suo motu, ordered TPC to supply electricity to these new low-end consumers from RInfra's distribution network and directed it to pay wheeling, regulatory asset charges and other costs to the latter. RInfra had, however, challenged MERC's order in the APTEL.
The tribunal observed that consumers connected to RInfra can become direct consumers of Tata Power only by switching over to the latter's distribution network. "The choice of supplier has to be exercised by the consumer by giving an application. We feel that Merc has exceeded its jurisdiction in passing the impugned directions for transfer of RInfra's consumers to Tata Power," the order said.
Currently, Tata Power has a consumer base of over 5.63 lakh which also include the switchover customers. Tata Power charges Rs 2.38 per unit and Rs 4.45 per unit for changeover customers whose intake is up to 100 units and 300 units, respectively, while RInfra on the other hand charges Rs 3.92 per unit and Rs 6.84 per unit, respectively.
Reliance Infra stock price
On December 10, 2014, Reliance Infrastructure closed at Rs 496.65, down Rs 26.8, or 5.12 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 820.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 350.85.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 58.76 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 8.45. The latest book value of the company is Rs 809.64 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.61.
RELATED NEWS

Trinamool  BJP clash in HouseNew Delhi, December 1, 2014
Updated: December 2, 2014 03:03 IST
Trinamool, BJP clash in House
National Bureau
parliament
Members of the Trinamool Congress and the BJP targeted each other in Parliament on Monday leading to clashes and walkouts.
The Trinamool MPs staged a walkout from the Lok Sabha after Speaker Sumitra Mahajan did not accept their demand for suspension of Question Hour. The MPs, carrying red diaries with “Sahara” written on it, earlier stormed into the well of the House and raised slogans. They want to know a name that had come up during a CBI probe against the Sahara group.
In the Rajya Sabha, Trinamool member Derek O’Brien sought to raise the issue during Zero Hour and Question Hour, but was not allowed. As he rose to raise the matter, the BJP members attempted to shout him down by raising the Saradha scam.
Clash over Saradha, Sahara
With the Trinamool Congress demanding in the Lok Sabha on Monday that a name that had come up during a CBI investigation against the Sahara group be revealed, Parliamentary Affairs Minister M. Venkaiah Naidu said rules did not permit any member naming anyone who was not a member of the House.
Some members referred to a top BJP functionary while raising protests, and said Prime Minister Narendra Modi should give details of the action taken by the CBI after the name allegedly figured in the diary.
The war of words between the BJP and the Trinamool escalated after Kirit Somaiya of the former raised the Saradha chit fund scam, and alleged that the West Bengal government was not cooperating with the CBI in the case.
His remarks drew sharp protests from the Trinamool members, forcing the Speaker to adjourn the House for lunch.
In the Rajya Sabha, Trinamool member Derek O’Brien sought to raise the issue during Zero Hour and Question Hour, but was not allowed. As he rose to raise the matter, the BJP members attempted to shout him down by raising the Saradha scam. The Trinamool members later staged a walkout.
Reacting to the charges outside Parliament, the BJP said the Trinamool was rattled by the success of its recent rally in Kolkata. “The Trinamool is frustrated, perturbed and disturbed and is making false and baseless allegations,” the party’s national secretary, Shrikant Sharma, said.
Earlier, referring to the red diaries, the Parliamentary Affairs Minister said, “If the TMC is coming close to red (Left parties), we have no problem.”
“If the party has something substantial it should come out with it instead of making baseless allegations against the BJP president.”

Now  police pick up dhol to curb red sanders smugglingUpdated: December 2, 2014 03:04 IST
Now, police pick up dhol to curb red sanders smuggling
K. Umashanker
SP Ghattamaneni Srinivas inspecting the rehearsals for the cultural campaign at Police Parade Ground in Chittoor on Monday. - PHOTO: K. Umashanker
TOPICS
Andhra Pradesh
Huge rallies in habitations abutting Seshachalam hills
Dhol and Tasha are all set to reverberate in hundreds of villages abutting the Seshachalam hills in the district on Tuesday, as the Police Department is bracing up to undertake a high-decibel campaign to educate the residents on red sanders smuggling.
The department have roped in artistes from Pune in Maharastra to train the police who will perform in the forest fringe habitations to sensitise the villagers against the smuggling activities.
Under the programme, huge rallies would be taken out with the involvement district police personnel and residents in Piler, which is considered the epicentre of red sanders smuggling.
Superintendent of Police Ghattamaneni Srinivas, after a three-month-long brain storming sessions, have formed cultural troupes to create awareness among the people.
People-friendly policing
“Our objective is to make the policing people-friendly. Without their cooperation, it will be difficult to achieve targets for social good. Our campaign with the theme of ‘Let us move to protect Red Sanders’ will see participation of all sections of people, government, voluntary groups and nature lovers,” the SP said.
Trained by expert dhol-artistes, a 100-member troupe of Chittoor district police have been rehearsing for the campaign for the last fortnight.
“This unique campaign will definitely enthral the villagers. I have confidence that the sound will create a miracle in creating awareness to protect red sanders trees,” Mr. Srinivas observed.

Error in draft to pick new CBI chief; Ranjit Sinha retires todaySinha retires, Centre complicates CBI chief selection
Aloke Tikku , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 02, 2014
First Published: 00:46 IST(2/12/2014) | Last Updated: 10:50 IST(2/12/2014)
A panel chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi will meet Tuesday to name the next CBI director, but an oversight while making changes to a law has made its task a tad complicated.
 
The three-member panel, it turns out, may have to recommend more than one name to the government to pick from to lead the country’s premier investigating agency.
 
This also means that the Modi government will have to again amend the CBI law, changes to which were made barely a week ago to give the opposition a voice in appointing India’s top sleuth.
The government had earlier intended that the high-powered committee recommend one officer’s name to succeed Ranjit Sinha, who retires Tuesday. But a provision in the law — spotted recently — requires a panel of officers, not one name, be proposed.
The PM-led panel would seek to build consensus on a single name even if more than one name have to be formally included in its recommendations, sources said.
“The law is clear and we will go by the law tomorrow,” a senior department of personnel and training official told HT Monday.
For the future, however, the Modi government intends to amend the law so that the committee recommends only one name.
Apart from the PM, the two other members are Congress leader in the Lok Sabha Mallikarjun Kharge and Chief Justice of India HL Dattu or his nominee.
This is the first time that a CBI director is being selected on a bipartisan basis. The new appointment process comes in the backdrop of Sinha’s controversial term.
“You can write I did only bad work…enough dirt has already been cast on me,” he said, when asked to comment on his two-year tenure.
The provision that slipped undetected is Section 4A (3) of the Delhi Special Police Establishment Act. Introduced in 2003 when a committee headed by the central vigilance commissioner (CVC) shortlisted eligible candidates, it says, “the committee shall recommend a panel of officers”. But when the CVC committee was replaced by the one headed by the PM, it slipped everyone’s attention that Section 4A (3) also needed to be amended.
“We are going to go to the cabinet very soon to introduce the concept of a search committee to short-list names of potential contenders,” an official said.
 (Inputs from Abhishek Sharan)

Modi to Nagaland: Introspect what you have done and achieved sofarBy: Express News Service | Kohima |
Posted: December 2, 2014 5:01 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who on Monday reached Nagaland, did not bring up the ongoing peace talks with the NSCN(IM). Instead, he asked the people to look back, introspect and take stock of the ground covered so far. “I urge the Naga people that after 50 years (of statehood) to look back, introspect what you have done so far and what you want to achieve in the future,” Modi said as he inaugurated the annual Hornbill Festival on the outskirts of Kohima — one that also marked the 51st anniversary of Nagaland’s statehood. He told the people to tap the state’s English-speaking young population to their advantage. He also took a dig at former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for failing to visit the state in the last 10 years. He let out yet another acronym, NEZ — describing the Northeast as the Natural Economic Zone. He referred to his government schemes for the Northeast youth — ‘Ishaan Uday’ and ‘Ishaan Vikash.’ While 10,000 students would get special scholarships under ‘Ishaan Uday’, 2,000 students and 500 teachers would be sent on a tour of IITs, NITs, and NIFTs in other states under ‘Ishaan Vikash’, he said.

Hyderabad-based edible oil companies eye sunflower oil market to benefit from fall in pricesHyderabad-based edible oil companies eye sunflower oil market to benefit from fall in prices
Chicago aldermen recommend approval of $13 minimum wageIllinois, Chicago could be on track for separate minimum wages
Illinois, Chicago possibly on track for separate minimum wage increases
Mayor Rahm Emanuel seeks to increase Chicago's minimum wage from $8.25 to $13 an hour by 2019, while supporters in Springfield plan to increase wages statewide to $10 an hour.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel seeks to increase Chicago's minimum wage from $8.25 to $13 an hour by 2019, while supporters in Springfield plan to increase wages statewide to $10 an hour.
Full Chicago City Council may tackle minimum wage hike to $13 as early as Tuesday morning.
Illinois' minimum wage may jump to $10, but people in Chicago back $13 -- and even $15.
Illinois this week could be headed toward two minimum wages — one for Chicago and another for the rest of the state — amid a high-stakes political battle at City Hall and the Capitol.
The City Council is scheduled to vote Tuesday at a special meeting on a plan by a re-election-seeking Mayor Rahm Emanuel to increase Chicago's minimum wage from $8.25 to $13 an hour by 2019. The proposal advanced after a hearing Monday stretched more than three hours.
In Springfield, supporters of a plan to increase the statewide minimum wage to $10 an hour searched for more votes in the Illinois House as lawmakers returned to town for the final scheduled week of session this year.
Minimum wage
Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune
Alds. Bob Fioretti, from left, John Arena and Nicholas Sposato stand behind members of Action Now and the Raise Chicago Coalition at a news conference Monday at Chicago City Hall. They support a $15 minimum wage.
Alds. Bob Fioretti, from left, John Arena and Nicholas Sposato stand behind members of Action Now and the Raise Chicago Coalition at a news conference Monday at Chicago City Hall. They support a $15 minimum wage. (Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune)
Emanuel's decision to quickly push through a city vote would allow the first-term mayor to try to grab credit on a politically popular issue despite intense opposition on one side from the city's retail and restaurant business community and the other side from labor advocates and political opponents who contended it didn't raise the minimum wage far enough.
The mayor's fast move also has created confusion in Springfield as business interests have pressed state lawmakers to prevent the city from having a higher rate than the rest of the state. But it's questionable at best whether there are enough votes at the Capitol to limit Chicago's minimum wage, and powerful House Speaker Michael Madigan on Monday ruled out such a maneuver.
Even so, the Chicago issue could be a factor jeopardizing passage of any state minimum wage hike. For his part, Emanuel has played off the talk of pre-empting Chicago's ability to raise the wage even higher to expedite a politically beneficial City Hall vote.
"What I wanted to make sure was that Springfield was not passing a minimum wage at the expense of Chicago residents," Emanuel told the Tribune on Monday, citing a higher cost of living in the city than the rest of the state.
8
"We put a lot of time — six months, a task force, recommendations — and I wasn't going to have all that work, let alone the goal of giving people a real raise here, fall apart at the last minute because of some effort to, by political interests, to in my view gut what we had worked on," he said.
With the Feb. 24 mayoral election looming and Emanuel looking to offset criticism that earned him the nickname "Mayor 1 Percent" from progressive groups, the minimum wage issue has demonstrable political support. Fully 88 percent of city voters embraced a nonbinding statewide proposal on the Nov. 4 ballot to increase the rate to $10 an hour by Jan. 1.
Emanuel's proposal doesn't go far enough or take effect fast enough, according to critics, including mayoral challengers 2nd Ward Ald. Bob Fioretti and Cook County Commissioner Jesus "Chuy" Garcia. They favor a $15 minimum wage in the city.
Fioretti labeled Emanuel's proposal "a nice start" but said that waiting to fully impose the $13 an hour rate until 2019 means families will remain "just pennies above the poverty line."
"The workers I've been with chant, 'Show me $15,' not '$13 by 2019,'" Fioretti said in a statement. "That means fighting for a $15-an-hour minimum wage today, which will both lift up Chicago working families and stop the state from limiting our ability to do the right thing."
Fioretti also criticized Garcia for not working to have Cook County pass a higher minimum wage. Garcia said he has long backed a city increase and that it's more appropriate to handle the issue in the City Council than at the county level.
It so sad that the people of this country are continuing to wait for a better income And while we have
missharrell50
155
The Chicagoland Chamber of Commerce, the Illinois Hotel and Lodging Association, the Illinois Restaurant Association and the Illinois Retail Merchants Association all criticized Emanuel for moving ahead with a city wage hike, saying it ran counter to the mayor's task force recommendation that no City Council action come before state lawmakers have a chance to act.
"This decision is about politics," the business groups said in a statement, contending Emanuel's "unilateral decision … virtually eliminates the possibility for a uniform, fair statewide increase that puts workers, businesses and communities all on a level playing field."
But Emanuel said it was the talk of pre-empting the city's right to enact its own wage rate that made him decide to act before state lawmakers so "Chicago's on record of what we think we need as it relates to a minimum wage, and that it stands the test of time."
Prior to the vote of the City Council's Committee on Workforce Development, representatives of the restaurant and retail groups stood alongside Aldermen Mary O'Connor, 41st; Tom Tunney, 44th; Michele Smith, 43rd; and Matthew O'Shea, 19th, in backing an alternative that would raise the rate to $10.10 by 2017. O'Connor and Tunney are business owners, while O'Shea said his Southwest Side ward borders suburbs where a higher city minimum could hurt business.
"A $13 minimum wage will decimate our job market and force thousands of small businesses operating along our borders to relocate," O'Shea said.
"When these businesses leave, they will take property and sales tax revenues with them, and they won't be coming back," O'Shea said. "Get used to vacant buildings and empty storefronts because we're about to have a lot more of them. At least we are in my neighborhood."
Also before the City Council committee was a plan to boost the city wage rate to $15 an hour over the next four years, with cost-of-living adjustments after that. It was initially co-sponsored by 21 aldermen — including members of the progressive caucus who say they are standing behind it but also won't vote against the mayor's proposal.
Emanuel's plan would start with an increase to $10 an hour on July 1, then 50-cent hikes in 2016 and 2017, followed by $1 increases in 2018 and 2019.
Every year after that, the minimum wage would go up by the increase in the local consumer price index, or 2.5 percent, whichever is lower. And if the unemployment rate tops 8.5 percent in any year after July 2019, there would be no increase.
Prior to returning to Springfield for the final scheduled days of the legislature's fall session, Madigan dismissed talk that lawmakers — if they act to raise the state wage — would take away Chicago's ability to do so.
"Without describing what we're going to do, we would not interfere with what they're going to do in the city," Madigan told the Tribune after watching his former top House lawyer get sworn in as an appellate judge. Asked if that meant Chicago would be allowed to have a higher minimum wage rate than the rest of the state, Madigan replied, "Yep."
Still, Madigan and other House Democrats acknowledged difficulties in coming up with votes needed to hike the state minimum wage rate.
"Well, we're working on it," Madigan said.
House Democrats have been looking at a plan similar to one sponsored by state Sen. Kimberly Lightford, D-Maywood, that would boost the state rate to $10 an hour next year. But the House plan also could include provisions such as a tax credit for small businesses and no increase in the minimum wage for those relying on tips, to appease the restaurant lobby.
Lightford said she doesn't want efforts to raise Chicago's minimum wage to undermine her work in getting a statewide bill passed.
"I don't want an argument to be that the city and state are at odds and therefore we don't move a minimum wage increase for the state," Lightford said. "I don't want to lose the vision we had for the state before the city decided it was going to go ahead and move forward. We need a wage increase across the state, and I'm trying to make sure we stay focused on that."
Tribune reporter Rick Pearson contributed. Long reported from Springfield.

Watch Live as Attorney General Holder Speaks About Fergusonwatch live as attorney general holder speaks about ferguson
Girl Scouts Cookie Sales Go Digitalgirl scouts cookie sales go digital
Lower Oil Prices Will Help Boost Global Economy  Lagarde...Lower Oil Prices Will Help Boost Global Economy  Lagarde...
Here s why all eyes are on India s Reserve Bank nowGrowth slows less than feared, easing pressure for rate cut
Reuters –  Fri 28 Nov, 2014 7:30 PM IST
Sun rays beam through two under construction residential buildings in Noida on the outskirts of New Delhi November 29, 2013. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi/Files
By Manoj Kumar
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - A slowdown in India's economy in the last quarter will increase calls for Prime Minister Narendra Modi to step up reforms but was less severe than feared, giving the Reserve Bank ammunition to resist government pressure to cut interest rates.
Gross domestic product expanded 5.3 percent in the July-September quarter from a year earlier, as a manufacturing slump took the bounce out of Asia's third-largest economy. Growth in the previous quarter was at a 2-1/2 year high of 5.7 percent.
Thanks to growth in services and stronger-than-expected farming after a bad monsoon, the reading was higher than predicted by economists polled by Reuters, who on average forecast growth of 5.1 percent.
"Now the onus is on the government to boost growth by reviving the investment climate and get reforms moving," said Shivom Chakrabarti, Senior Economist with HDFC bank. "That will have a more pronounced impact on growth in the next fiscal year."
Worried by the growth performance, and encouraged by low oil prices and falling inflation, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will reiterate his request that Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan cut interest rates when the central bank holds it policy review on Dec. 2, ministry officials have told Reuters.
Rajan can be expected to argue that with the slowdown not as severe as some forecast, inflation concerns carry more weight.
"If it was a very, very low number, there would have been pressure on the governor to act immediately. The better than expected overall GDP growth gives him that cushion" to wait, said Upasna Bhardwaj, Economist at ING Vysya Bank.
Economists polled by Reuters said a cut was unlikely, although markets have priced in a 25 basis point cut in the repo rate to 7.75 percent.
 
CONSOLIDATED POWER
Elected in May with the first single party majority since the early 1980s, Modi was expected to live up to his market-friendly reputation by aggressively pursuing a reform agenda to remove obstacles to India's industrialisation.
    Instead, his government has consolidated power by winning provincial elections to gain control of key states while offering little in the way of substantial new legislation.
The measures Modi has taken so far, including allowing more foreign investment in defence and construction, slashing red tape for businesses and ending major fuel subsidies, have yet to change the mood on the ground.
Poor corporate earnings in the September quarter highlighted weak consumer demand, and firms remain wary of investing in new capacity.
The global outlook has not helped, with India's exports slowing in the second quarter after orders from Europe dropped. Trends suggest overall growth will likely be at the lower end of the government's 5.4-5.9 percent target for the fiscal year.
That would be an improvement on the previous two years of sub-five percent growth, the weakest phase since the 1980s, but still far too slow to generate the jobs needed for India's rapidly expanding workforce.
Reflecting the goodwill and hope placed in Modi, the Indian share market is the best performer in Asia so far this year.
The premier has the backing of big business, but industrialists are still waiting for signs to convince them to boost spending on plant and machinery. Saddled with spare capacity, there is little pressing need for them to invest.
Data on Friday showed that seven months into the financial year the fiscal deficit is at 90 percent of its full year target as tax income fell short. Jaitley may choose spending cuts to meet his deficit goal, at the cost of further pressure on demand.
The government is hopeful of pushing several more reforms in the next few weeks, including looser foreign investment restrictions on insurance, overhauling land laws and new tax measures, but must overcome opposition in parliament.
This week parliament approved changes to labour laws to loosen regulation on small businesses.
In the new year, all eyes will be on Jaitley's February budget. Some analysts say markets could turn on the government if it fails to prove its commitment to structural reform.
 
(Reporting by Manoj Kumar; Editing by Frank Jack Daniel and Mike Collett-White)
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Vijay Mallya Loses Posts at Kingfisher Airlines  Mangalore ChemicalsYou are here: Home Corporates
Vijay Mallya Loses Posts at Kingfisher Airlines, Mangalore Chemicals
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 01, 2014 22:50 (IST)
Court Refuses to Let Off Hindalco in Coal Block Case
New Delhi: In a double whammy for businessman Vijay Mallya, the government has annulled his reappointment as managing director of Kingfisher Airlines while he also had to quit from board of another group company Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL).
This comes close on the heels of minority shareholders of United Spirits, once a prized entity of Mr Mallya-led UB group, rejecting proposals regarding proposed financial dealings of the company with entities connected to him.
Kingfisher, which had to be grounded in October 2012 due to severe financial crunch and mounting debt, had sought approval of the Corporate Affairs Ministry for Mr Mallya's reappointment for a period of five-year beginning October 16, 2013 "without remuneration".
The airline said in a regulatory filing on Monday that its application has been rejected, without disclosing any specific reason.
Government sources, however, said that the decision was taken because Kingfisher failed to get necessary approvals from its lenders and shareholders for the reappointment.
The disclosure came on a day when another UB Group firm Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL) announced Mr Mallya's resignation as a director without giving any reason.
Trading in shares of Kingfisher and another group firm UB Engineering also got suspended from the same day because of the companies' non-compliance to listing norms.
Kingfisher, which once prided itself as the most luxurious airline with Mr Mallya being known as the 'King of Good Times', alone used to command a market value of over Rs 10,000 crore at a time, which now stands at just about Rs 100 crore.
The overall UB group market value has tanked by over half in the past one year excluding United Spirits.
The penal action by stock exchanges followed the companies' inability to prepare and publish financial results in time, which the firms have attributed to lack of staff.
Kingfisher has previously faced strong staff protests for non-payment of salaries, while it is also under regulatory scanner for various accounting lapses.
As per the latest disclosures made to the stock exchanges, Mr Mallya was serving as chairman and managing director of Kingfisher, which has been without a full-time CEO ever since Sanjay Agarwal left the company early this year.
As per the norms, a company which is in the red or has inadequate profits, needs to approach the Corporate Affairs Ministry to get approval for appointment of key managerial personnel and directors and get no-objection certificates from shareholders and lenders.
The ministry rejected the proposal in this case as it was already turned down by shareholders and lenders, sources said, while adding that this particular decision was not directly linked to Mr Mallya being declared a 'wilful defaulter'.
The UB group, which once commanded huge market values for all its entities in businesses ranging from liquor to fertilisers to aviation, has been facing financial troubles for past couple of years and a severe cash crunch led to Kingfisher Airlines being grounded over two years ago. There are also pending service tax default cases against the airline.
Default on loan payments has already seen a number of banks resorting to legal options to reclaim their funds, while some of them have also declared Mr Mallya as a wilful defaulter. Among various key assets, UB Group sold a controlling stake in United Spirits Ltd (USL) to UK-based global liquor giant Diageo, while MCFL recently saw two rival bidders slugging it out in the marketplace for getting a control of the company.
Without giving any specific reason, MCFL in a regulatory filing on Monday said, "Vijay Mallya, a Director on the Board of Directors of the company, has resigned with immediate effect."
The resignation of Kolkata-born Mr Mallya, 58, at MCFL followed an intense takeover battle between West Bengal-based Zuari group and Pune-based Deepak Fertilisers for wresting control of MCFL, which has a urea plant at Mangalore.
The plant has been shut since October this year due to expiry of permission given by the government for production of farm nutrient from high cost feedstock naptha.
Bangalore-headquartered UB Group chairman Mr Mallya had sided with the Zuari group and launched the counter open offer to ward off the takeover bid of Deepak Fertilizers.
Deepak Fertilisers has raised its stake in MCFL to about 32 per cent, as against Zuari-UB group's combined stake of 38.4 per cent.
The latest developments at Kingfisher and MCFL follow decisions by USL shareholders at a November 28 meeting to reject nine out of 12 resolutions, including some pertaining to proposed pacts with entities connected to Mr Mallya.
These pacts included those dated September 30, 2011 and December 22, 2011 between USL and United Breweries Holdings Ltd that required UBHL to sell certain immovable properties to USL.
Other resolutions which were defeated with a requisite majority include approval of a services agreement dated July 3 2013 between USL and Kingfisher Finvest India, approval of a sponsorship pact dated June 11 2013 between USL and United Racing & Bloodstock Breeders, approval of a sponsorship pact between USL and United Mohun Bagan Football Team Pvt Ltd.
USL is now controlled by Diageo, which had acquired an additional 26 per cent shares in USL for Rs 11,448.91 crore in July with an aim to take its total stake in the Indian firm to 54.78 per cent.
Liquor baron Vijay Mallya was recently re-elected as non-executive director and chairman of United Spirits. Kingfisher Airlines is already facing a close regulatory scrutiny over suspected lapses in its accounting practices and the Corporate Affairs Ministry is looking into possible violations of the Companies Act.
The carrier is yet to submit its annual financial results for 2013-14 to the stock exchanges.
In a filing to the BSE on August 26, the carrier had said that steps were being taken to appoint directors in order to comply with provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and listing agreement with the stock exchanges.
"Thereafter, steps will be taken towards publishing the audited results for the year ended March 31, 2014 and for the quarter ended June 30, 2014," it had said.
Back in May, Kingfisher had informed stock exchanges, "There are hardly any employees attending office and the company is currently operating with skeletal staff making it difficult to audit and publish the results in time."
As part of the recovery process, banks in February last year decided to sell a portion of the collateral with them, including shares of its group companies USL and MCFL, Mr Mallya's Goa villa, Kingfisher House in Mumbai and the Kingfisher brand, which was valued at over Rs 4,000 crore at the time it was pledged.
Total market value of the UB group companies currently stands at Rs 33,000 crore largely because United Breweries (over Rs 20,000 crore), where Heineken group is a co-promoter.
Story first published on: December 01, 2014 19:08 (IST)

I-T department ask for details of contract approved by Noida chief engineerHockey India suspends playing ties with Pakistan
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

China may be adding carrier might to meet regional threatsUpdated: December 2, 2014 00:46 IST
China may be adding carrier might to meet regional threats
Atul Aneja
defence
China’s military planners maybe considering construction of at least three aircraft carriers — central to the assertion of “sea control” in regional waters — as part of their response to the “Asia Pivot” of the United States.
China’s Communist Party affiliated daily “Global Times” has run an article that cites “military experts” who “confirm that a country needs at least three carriers to form a basic battle force”. That would always ensure the availability of at least one of the three carriers for operations.
But the article, which first appeared in China Newsweek magazine, also quotes Russian media reports that China plans to introduce four platforms, including the Liaoning — the aircraft carrier, used for training, which was purchased from Ukraine and commissioned by China in 2012.
Analysts say the heated debate in Chinese military circles over the size and capability of the Navy has been energised by the “Asia Pivot” or the “rebalancing” strategy of the Obama administration. The U.S. is firm on roping in its allies — especially Japan, South Korea, Australia and the Philippines — to strengthen forces around China’s periphery.
The Global Times pointed out that out of two or more ships, China will first build a Type 001A carrier. Quoting the Canadian publication Kanwa Defence Review, the article claims construction of the first ship began at the end of 2013 by the China Shipbuilding Industry Corporation, based in Dalian. The second indigenous carrier would be built at the Jiangnan Shipyard in Shanghai.
The first two platforms are likely to be of standard size with a displacement between 30,000-40,000 tons, making them equivalent to the INS Vikramaditya of the Indian navy.
Notwithstanding the “blue water” attributes of carrier task forces, Chinese planners appear to be focusing on the South China Sea as the preferred area of deployment because of “the heightened territorial tensions” that prevail along this expanse.
The Chinese have also intensively debated the merits and the technological challenges posed by nuclear-powered engines to propel these giant ships. China is likely to use its recently developed R0110 heavy gas turbine engine in the first carrier and possibly integrate an atomic engine for the second carrier.
China already has a fleet of nuclear powered and armed submarines, but safe integration of nuclear engines on aircraft carriers, which do not release impermissible radiation, continue to pose serious technological hurdles.
The composition of carrier task forces — battle groups of ships and submarines which supports and sails with the carrier, imparting it greater protection and punch— has been central to the Chinese military debate.
The article reveals that when the carrier Liaoning was returning to Qingdao, its home base, on October 27, it was accompanied by at least eight surface vessels and submarines in formation, signalling the possible size of a future task force. China is manufacturing large numbers of 052D type destroyers and 054A type frigates to train alongside the Liaoning — a situation, which would eliminate the problem of “escort ships” once future carriers are commissioned, the daily observed.

Naxal attack on CRPF an attempt to weaken confidence of forces: Raman SinghHockey India suspends playing ties with Pakistan
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Indian Navy is in the process of a transformation: Navy chiefChief of the Naval Staff, Admiral Robin K. Dhowan. File photo: Prashant Nakwe
Interview with the Chief of the Naval Staff Admiral Robin K. Dhowan 
Question: The Navy is on the cusp of a whole new era, with steady infrastructure expansion, augmentation of fleet levels and enhanced induction of personnel. How do you augment the training facilities to cater for the transformation and growth?
Answer: The Indian Navy is in the process of a transformation and that comes in largely from the implementation of our maritime capability perspective plan, which is a long-term plan where we have taken into account as to what the Indian Navy of the future will be. When we make this perspective plan, we actually project ourselves 15 years into the future. What will be the environment prevailing in our neighbourhood, in the Indian Ocean region; what will be the technologies that will be available at that point in time; what you really want the Indian Navy of the future to do; what will be the aspects related to threat perceptions at that point in time; what will be India’s state as a maritime nation and how will our maritime interests grow and hence the requirement of the security umbrella which is to be provided by the Indian Navy.
This, and many more factors we take into account and make a perspective plan. Now, when we start implementing the perspective plan, that’s what I call the phase of a transformation. And currently as you can see we have ships, submarines and aircraft being inducted into the Navy at regular intervals. At the same time, we have gone multidimensional. Last year, we had our first naval satellite Rukmini which has gone up into space. This has ensured that the Navy will have enough operational network footprint in the entire Indian Ocean Region. Along with this, there is a requirement to have the human resources induction, the manpower induction and at the same time development of infrastructure.
The Indian Naval Academy is the cradle where the actual human resources, the officers, are inducted. And since there is a requirement to meet with the induction of platforms, it has to cater for the enhanced rate of growth and enhanced rate of induction. To meet this we have the expansion plan, the need to have enhanced number of cadets to join the Navy. And so you have the phase-II expansion, which will take into account all aspects like the living accommodation, the training facilities, sports, classroom, laboratories – all aspects of academy infrastructure which are essential to give them sound training.
Question: But the Navy, though expanding, has been in the news for all the wrong reasons lately. A spate of accidents has given it a bad name. What are the measures undertaken to ensure that the issues are tided over and quality of operations is attained?
Answer: The Navy is a highly professional service, and one that is technologically very advanced. For every action that needs to be carried out on board our ships submarines and aircraft, we need to follow procedures, the standard operating procedures, safety procedures and the like. And when these procedures are not followed, or not followed with alacrity, there are bound to be room for errors. And, when there is room for errors, accidents do happen.
The other aspect is that the lifespan of a ship or a submarine is nearly 30 to 35 years. Therefore we are bound to have our assets, nearly 50 per cent or so, which would be nearly 20 years old.
When we have older ships, the requirement of maintenance is that much more. And warships are meant to go harm’s way. They carry ammunition, fuel, which is [such] a combination that unless we follow safety procedures, accidents could happen. Therefore when we had these incidents, we took very serious view of that and we instituted safety procedures, safety audits, awareness and a culture of safety so that people are much more careful while operating the ships.
We must be aware that it’s a very difficult task that is performed by our sailors and officers out at sea. It’s not easy to operate in a submarine or on board a ship in rough weather or even normal weather when you have to grapple with so many things. And we need to understand that nobody would like accidents to happen.
It is the aspect related to so much good work that is done and when these get projected in a different manner, they do impact the good work that our sailors and officers are doing -- spending sleepless nights at sea so that our citizens can sleep peacefully. So all measures are being taken to minimise accidents.
Question: How is the issue of material failure being addressed?
Answer: Material failure is an aspect related to maintenance. Maintenance of ships and subs is undertaken by our dockyards. There’s an aspect related to offloading of certain parts of the work. And our aircraft are maintained by our aircraft repair yards. What we have had to ensure is that quality control in these refits is stringently observed. There are many organisations that are required to certify at the end of the refit that they are up to the mark. [These] have been made much more stringent so that from our dockyards, we get quality ships on time.
Question: Diminishing submarine strength has dogged the Navy for some time, but there has been no concrete step to address this. On the proposal for the next line of conventional submarines under P75I, which has been rejuvenated recently, are things moving fast?
Answer: Submarines are a very important part of the naval inventory because they help us realise our task as far as sea denial is concerned in the blue water operations. What we did firstly was to make sure that the operational-cum-refit cycles of our existing submarines was looked at very carefully to see that the operational submarines would be fully operational and combat ready. We are also undertaking an aspect related to their service life extension so that we can give them a longer lease of life—both to the Kilo-class and the SSKs.
Then we took stock of the ongoing submarine construction programme, the P75 Scorpenes, to see that there will be no further delays in their induction schedule. The first submarine will roll out in September 2016 and our intention is to speed up induction of the remaining five in a reasonable period of time. Apart from that, we have INS Chakra on lease, a very potent platform. INS Arihant is being made ready for sea trials. It will go out shortly and we are making all efforts to see that its first sea sortie takes place on completion of harbour trials.
Coming on to P75I, we have put up a proposal [for six conventional submarines] and we have had the first acceptance of necessity by the government with regard to making all the P75I submarines within the country, in Indian shipyards. This proposal is now being processed for approval at various levels and we are hopeful that this will speed up the induction of the Indian submarines.
Question: Now that we have a fully-operational INS Vikramaditya and the Indigenous Aircraft Carrier INS Vikrant getting ready for launch, are you thinking of retiring the old warhorse, INS Viraat?
Answer: We assess the aspect related to service life of a ship based on its material state and also on force-levels. As and when the time for Viraat is appropriate and we have adequate force-levels coming for induction and based on the material state of Viraat that decision will be taken.
Question: The Navy has every reason to be unhappy about the LCA Navy development programme, which has been marred by time overruns and poor pace of development. Does the Navy still need it?
Answer: It is a very important programme for us because INS Vikrant, our first Indigenous Aircraft Carrier under construction at Kochi, will be capable to operate the LCA. So it will be very important for us that the LCA programme is speeded up so that the induction can take place in a time-bound schedule. We have conveyed this to the agencies concerned and are monitoring the progress of this very closely. We hope to start the trials of this at the SBTF [Shore-based Test Facility] in Goa and pave the way for the LCAs to get inducted. Yes, there has been a delay and this is certainly a cause for concern and all efforts are being put in place to see that the progressive trials of the LCA are expedited to get this aircraft inducted.
Question: But are the makers listening and showing signs of improvement?
Answer: The responsibility [to deliver the aircraft] is that of ADA [Aeronautical Development Agency] and the HAL [Hindustan Aeronautics Limited] and we have very high level periodic meetings. We have conveyed to the MoD [Ministry of Defence] and [the Department of] Defence Production our concern over the delay and it is at these high-levels that it is being monitored now.
Question: Is the Navy interested in procuring more ALH [Advanced light Helicopters] Dhruv?
Answer: We need additional ALH for our coastal security requirements. We will need them for shallow water ASW[anti-submarine warfare] requirements. Currently we use them for SAR [search and rescue] and as utility helicopters; that’s what we will be primarily using them for.
Naval aviation as such is at the threshold of major inductions at this point in time. We have inducted the MiG29 K fighter and trainer versions, which are operating from on board INS Vikramaditya. We will have additional aircraft inducted to consolidate their operationalisation process.
For long-range maritime recce, we have inducted six P8-I aircraft, based at INS Rajali [at Arakkonam]and these have been a tremendous boost as far as our long range maritime patrol is concerned because they can operate and carry out surveillance in large areas of the Indian ocean region, our primary area of interest. They are fitted with equipment and weapons for anti-submarine warfare. Two more [aircraft] will complete the first lot. And we have a case in progress, using the option clause, for four additional aircraft.
Question: An initiative of the Indian Navy which has gone a long way in building allies across the seas is IONS [Indian Ocean Naval Symposium]. It has helped the Navy build bridges of friendship with countries like Australia, traditionally believed to be an ally of China. Australia is in IONS chair now. The forum is expanding and has firmed up its charter of business. Are we now ready to take observers on board?
Answer: IONS is an Indian Navy initiative which currently has 35 member nations. Its chair rotates every two years and Australia is in the chair right now. In 2016, it will pass on to another Navy of an Indian Ocean littoral. The global commons or the blue seas or the sealines of communication as we call them are gaining new-found importance as each day goes by because the current century is the century of the seas. In that requirement, it is the maritime interests of all the littoral states which are important and safety and security at sea is not easy because sea is no longer a benign medium. Today the challenges in the maritime domain extend from piracy to asymmetric warfare to maritime terror. When you have those kind of challenges, the global commons are too huge for any Navy, however robust, to police it on its own.
Therefore, it just leads you to a conclusion that the global commons or the maritime domain lends itself for maritime cooperation. So, structures like IONS come into play. Since we look at all aspects which are of concern to friendly Navies—from piracy to pollution and HADR [humanitarian assistance and disaster relief] -- we have joint working groups debating issues in a bid to come up with solutions.
Then, we carry out exercises with friendly foreign Navies. We have our ships showing the operational footprint of the Indian Navy in our area of interest; we carry out capacity building and capability enhancement with other navies in the Indian Ocean Region so that they can come up to some standard and be part of this cooperation process.
The question of observers will have to be decided by the member nations.
RELATED NEWS

Cyber Week changes the holiday shopping gameCyber Week changes the holiday shopping game
Dollar softens on mixed U.S. factory reportsDec 02, 2014, 01.41 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Dollar softens on mixed U.S. factory reports
Dollar softens on mixed U.S. factory reports
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dollar softens on mixed U.S. factory reports
Dollar softens on mixed U.S. factory reports
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - A mixed bag of U.S. factory barometers weakened the dollar against most major currencies on Monday by prompting investors to rethink when the Federal Reserve will hike interest rates next year.
The U.S. currency has seen hefty demand in recent sessions as markets prepare for U.S. monetary to tighten while Europe and Japan move in the opposite direction.
In U.S. trading on Monday, EUR/USD was up 0.19% at 1.2476.
U.K.-based Markit Economics reported earlier that U.S. manufacturing activity in November expanded at its slowest pace since January, as new export orders fell.
The Markit U.S. manufacturing purchasing managers' index ticked down to 54.8 in November from 55.9 in October. Economists had forecast a decline to 55.0.
Meanwhile in the U.S., the Institute of Supply Management reported earlier that its manufacturing PMI dipped to 58.7 from 59.0 in October, though still better than expectations of 57.9, though the dollar cooled its rally after posting strong gains on expectations for diverging global monetary policies.
The Federal Reserve has been taking steps to make U.S. monetary policy less accommodative while Europe and Japan have moved in the opposite direction.
Meanwhile in Europe, Markit Economics reported that factory activity in the euro zone slowed to a near standstill last month.
The euro zone's manufacturing PMI slowed to 50.1 from a preliminary reading of 50.4 last month, just barely above the 50 level separating growth from contraction.
Germany's manufacturing PMI entered contraction territory for the first time in 17 months, falling to 49.5, as new orders fell at the fastest rate in nearly two years.
The French manufacturing PMI remained in contraction territory at 48.4, while Italy's factory PMI came in at 49.0.
The reports came after data on Friday showed that the annual rate of euro area inflation slowed to a five-year low of 0.3% in November, down from 0.4% in October.
The dollar was down against the yen, with USD/JPY down 0.26% at 118.30, and down against the Swiss franc, with USD/CHF down 0.10% at 0.9642.
The yen rose on demand from bottom fishers after falling on news that Moody's downgraded Japan's sovereign debt rating by one notch to A1, citing 'heightened uncertainty' over Japan's ability to cut its fiscal deficit following a decision by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to delay a planned sales tax hike.
"Fiscal consolidation will become increasingly difficult to achieve as time passes given rising government spending, particularly for social programs associated with a rapidly ageing population," the rating agency said.
The greenback was down against the pound, with GBP/USD up 0.64% at 1.5740.
The dollar was down against its cousins in Canada, Australia and New Zealand, with USD/CAD down 0.83% at 1.1321, AUD/USD up 0.05% at 0.8507 and NZD/USD up 0.55% at 0.7885.
The US dollar index, which tracks the performance of the greenback versus a basket of six other major currencies, was down 0.46% at 88.000.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Crude shoots up on weaker dollar  talk of tighter supplyDec 02, 2014, 12.09 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Crude shoots up on weaker dollar, talk of tighter supply
Crude shoots up on weaker dollar, talk of tighter supply
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Crude shoots up on weaker dollar, talk of tighter supply
Crude shoots up on weaker dollar, talk of tighter supply
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Crude futures shot up on Monday after soft U.S. factory gauges weakened the dollar, while expectations for U.S. shale producers to cease production gave oil room to rise as well.
A weaker greenback tends to make oil a more attractive commodity in dollar-denominated exchanges, especially in the eyes of investors holding other currencies.
In the New York Mercantile Exchange, West Texas Intermediate crude oil futures for delivery in January traded up 3.75% at $68.63 a barrel during U.S. trading, up from a session low of $63.75 a barrel and off a high of $68.90 a barrel.
The January contract settled down 10.23% at $66.15 a barrel on Friday.
Support for the commodity was seen at $63.75 a barrel, the session low, and resistance at $73.56 a barrel, Friday's high.
Oil prices plunged last week after the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries said that it would keep its official production target unchanged at 30 million barrels a day, disappointing hopes the oil cartel would lower output to support the market.
The 12-member group is responsible for approximately 40% of global supply.
Concerns over weakening global demand combined with indications that OPEC producers will not cut output have weighed on prices in recent months.
Markets have assumed that Saudi Arabia championed letting prices fall in hopes less cost-effective U.S. shale producers would halt operations, and by Monday, expectations for North America fracking operations to shelve projects until prices rise gave oil room to post strong gains.
A weak dollar added to the commodity's rally.
U.K.-based Markit Economics reported earlier that U.S. manufacturing activity in November expanded at its slowest pace since January, as new export orders fell.
The Markit U.S. manufacturing purchasing managers' index ticked down to 54.8 in November from 55.9 in October. Economists had forecast a decline to 55.0.
Meanwhile in the U.S., the Institute of Supply Management reported earlier that its manufacturing PMI dipped to 58.7 from 59.0 in October, though still better than expectations of 57.9, though the dollar slid on profit taking anyway.
Separately, on the ICE Futures Exchange in London, Brent oil futures for January delivery were up 3.13% at US$72.35 a barrel, while the spread between Brent and U.S. crude contracts stood at $3.72.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Analysts think 36 000 within limits for Sensex by December 2015What EPS downgrade? Analysts think 36,000 within limits for Sensex by December 2015
Biswajit Baruah, ET Bureau Dec 2, 2014, 10.41AM IST
Tags:
BSE sensex
(Analysts, including some…)
MUMBAI: A week after several brokerages downgraded corporate earnings for FY15 and FY16, leading market intermediaries like Citi , Morgan Stanley , UBS, and Ambit Capital have said they expect the benchmark index, BSE Sensex, to touch levels between 32,500 and 36,000 by December 2015 - a rise of 14-26% from Monday's closing at 28,559. The Indian market, betting on 'Modinomics', has rallied 34% since January.
These analysts, including some of the closely-tracked names, expect corporate earnings to recover next fiscal year (FY16) as investment cycle turns and consumer spending picks up. While global developments will have their impact - like Monday's 130-point fall in the Sensex following signs of slowdown in Germany and China - a lower inflation on account of easing commodity prices and anticipated interest rate cuts in 2015 is keeping the market sentiment alive. This could compel brokerage houses to later upgrade corporate earnings estimate for the next fiscal year. Traders pruning positions on the eve of RBI's monetary policy also contributed to the fall in stock prices on Monday.
"We expect 2015 to be a good year, hence have raised Sensex target to 33,000 for December 2015, and Nifty to 9,850. We expect gains from falling interest rates, recovery in investment cycle, along with steady execution reforms, which could fire the markets more," said Aditya Narain, managing director, Citi. "We are overweight on banks, energy, cement, pharma and look forward to another good year of Indian markets, although not like 2014 where the index has gained 34% so far."
Brokerages acknowledged that valuations are already pricing in reforms and next year's growth story even as growth cycle remains hesitant and reforms lack the punch to take India's growth higher. But investors on the street are not buying any scepticism.
"Our BSE Sensex target of 32,500 implies mid-teen returns for market next year, and like cyclical stocks and sectors that could benefit from policy changes," said Ridham Desai, managing director at Morgan Stanley. "We assign 40% probability of Sensex scaling to 36,939 levels. However, there is 10% bear case of Sensex falling to 26,007 levels on tepid policy response and poor global economic conditions."
The Sensex is currently trading at 16.83 times to its 1-year forward estimated earnings while China's Shanghai Composite Index is trading at 9.48 times, Brazil's Ibovespa Index at 11.10 times, and Russia's MICEX at 5.02 times, according to Bloomberg data. The index is also trading at over 50% premium to MSCI Emerging Market Index, which is at 11.05 times. But fund managers said valuations are justified as likely economic growth recovery will sustain valuations.
"We remain bullish on Indian equities for 2015 as economic growth recovery will sustain current valuations.
We expect consensus earning growth estimates of 15% for FY16 and FY17 to be met, which will drive the markets higher. Our Nifty target is 9,600 for 2015 end," said Gautam Chhaochharia, managing director at UBS.
"We have Sensex target of 36,000, implying about 27% upside over the next five quarters. We expect earnings growth of 19% in FY16 which is underpinned by our banking team's credit growth estimate of 18% for next fiscal year," said Saurabh Mukherjea, CEO - institutional equities at Ambit Capital.
Foreign institutional investor (FII) flows have hit some kind of speedbreaker, with only $16 billion investment into Indian equities this year so far, which is significantly lower compared with last year's inflows of over $20 billon (2013), and $24 billion in 2012.
Meanwhile, US-based exchange traded funds (ETF) have poured in more than half of investment meant for emerging market into Indian equities in November 2014, according to Bloomberg data.
Emerging market ETFs invested nearly $1.04 billion in November 2014 in equity funds— of which $523 million in Indian equities followed by $373million in China and $162 million in Taiwan.
(with contributions from Ashutosh R Shyam)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Elder Pharmaceuticals director Jayaram Subramanian resignsDec 01, 2014, 09.38 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Elder Pharmaceuticals director Jayaram Subramanian resigns
Elder Pharmaceuticals has informed that Dr. Jayaram Subramanian, Non-Executive - Independent Director of the Company has tendered his resignation as Non-Executive - Independent Director of the Company with effect from December 01, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Elder Pharmaceuticals director Jayaram Subramanian resigns
Elder Pharmaceuticals has informed that Dr. Jayaram Subramanian, Non-Executive - Independent Director of the Company has tendered his resignation as Non-Executive - Independent Director of the Company with effect from December 01, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Elder Pharmaceuticals Ltd has informed BSE that Dr. Jayaram Subramanian, Non-Executive - Independent Director of the Company has tendered his resignation as Non-Executive - Independent Director of the Company with effect from December 01, 2014.Source : BSE

Review: XOLO 8X-1000 with HiveWritten by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi |
Posted: November 28, 2014 8:34 pm | Updated: November 28, 2014 9:14 pm
While Google would give an arm and leg for Android to look, feel and work like one operating system, the fact that the lack of differentiators are a put off for a lot of users who look at variety as the spice of life. Yes, you have hundreds of launchers that let you configure a unique look for Android, but Indian manufacturers have always tried to tweak the OS on their own a bit. Now, Xolo is institutionalising it with Hive, a new platform that is much more than a simple tweak.
Specs: 5-inch 1280 X 720p(294ppi) HD IPS display | MediaTek MT6592M 1.4 GHz Octa Core processor   | 2GB RAM | 16 internal memory + 32GB external | 3G Micro dual SIM | 8MP rear camera, 2MP front | 3G, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4, | 1920mAh battery | Hive on Android 4.4 Kitkat OS
Price: 13,999
Living with Hive
The company calls it a platform to connect, collaborate and create. But the first thing that will hit you is the ‘create’ aspect with scores of artists lining up with themes that change your Android experience like never before. These themes are not about giving a very cosmetic change, they tweak the very core of the Android experience with everything from icons to the notification bar coming with a new look.
I tried a bunch of these themes and really liked some of them, especially Vijayakumar Aramugam’s  Awakening inspired by Devi and the chakras of life. I also like Nikheel Aphale’s Calli-Cool, though it has a lock screen that could be a bit too complicated for when you are trying to make a calling in a hurry. Yes, the artists have complete creative freedom with the themes, but it is debatable if great digital art is also practical as a user interface. Changing icons too is a bit confusing when you are searching for those icons that you are familiar with.
While I like this concept, I would have loved it if Xolo had commissioned a couple of plain vanilla themes that a lot of people might like to use once in a while. The closest I found to the real thing was a theme called Hive Dark.
The new themes are pushed to users through Edge, an app that lets you download custom themes, ringtones and wallpapers that will separate you from the rest of the Android crowd.
Then there is Connect that you interact with other Hive users, and there seems to be a surprisingly large number of them already for a relatively new OS. This is a good way to figure out is trending among users, what are the issues they are facing and so on. But Connect does something which no one has tried before — crowdsource requests for new features and tweaks. On the forum you have users asking for stuff as varied as better sound output, longer LED notifications. Xolo is listening in and some of these suggestions are already finding their way into upgrades. In fact, in the couple of weeks that I used the phone, there were at least a couple of upgrades.
But I am not convinced everyone would like the changes being pushed through, as a crowdsourced feature might not always be something everyone likes. Xolo might want to add an opt out feature for users, who in the end will get only the larger upgrades.
There are other features like the FusionX music player, which seems to have been inspired by the best apps around to give users a consolidated experience. It provides more controls that any native music player around now. I also like the Power app that gives a composite view of the battery performance and the Secure app that lets you protect the device.
Living with the XOLO 8X-1000
The Xolo 8X is now the only phone with Hive inside. It has a design that is different from the majority of the Android phones out there with chiseled edges towards the back and straight lines elsewhere. It is also a unibody design. But despite being sleek and slim, it is a bit heavier than other phones in this price range.
There is some learning involved in using this phone, not just because of the different themes on it. The three touch buttons have back to the right and multitasking to the left, which can initially be confusing.
However, the overall performance of the phone is very smooth, especially considering that most of the themes use transitions and animations that could be a drain on the resources. As I said using the phone is a bit of a problem initially as you are trying to fight muscle memory. But it won’t take you long to realise that this is an Android phone, though with some gift wrapping. In fact, some of the tweaks, like volume and brightness adjustments, are better than on stock android.
The HD IPS display is pretty good and have decent viewing angles. The audio quality seemed quite dull initially, but it increased substantially with one of the upgrades. The 8MP camera on the phone produces good results in low light, though I found it to be a bit too slow for my liking. The battery is good enough to last a day.
Designed for the Indian audience, Hive also comes with local language support. Plus the camera app lets you easily shift modes and I particularly liked the Pro mode which lets you change the setting easily.
Verdict
At the moment the Hive platform and and Xolo 8X-1000 phone are purely for people who want to stand out from the crowd and show that they are different. But if the first version in an indicator, Hive has the potential to develop into one of the better Android-based operating systems available in the market. But this if you like to be different and can live with being so.

Manufacturing crawls  all eyes on RBIManufacturing crawls, all eyes on RBI
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 28, 2014
First Published: 22:59 IST(28/11/2014) | Last Updated: 23:37 IST(28/11/2014)
Comments
Industrial deceleration remained a key challenge for India’s policy makers battling to engineer a quick turnaround of Asia’s third-largest economy that grew 5.3% during the July-September quarter compared to 5.7% in the previous quarter.
A worker works on Vespa scooters at its manufacturing unit in Baramati some 150 kilometers from Pune. The Italian company hopes to carve out a market for luxury scooters in one of the most cost-conscious markets in the world.  (AP Photo)
The manufacturing sector crawled at 0.1% during the period, latest national income data released on Friday showed, prompting business leaders to urge the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to cut borrowing costs to aid a much-needed industrial turnaround.
“An important element of the cost structure for manufacturing is interest rates and given the current inflation situation the RBI should ease the monetary policy stance as this would give a boost to investment sentiment”, Sidharth Birla, president, Ficci, an industry body, said in a statement.
With inflation reaching multi-year lows, all eyes are on the RBI for a possible announcement on an interest rate in its monetary policy on December 2.
India’s retail inflation fell to a three-year low of 5.52% in October, while wholesale inflation rate plunged to five-year low of 1.77%, aided by a sharp drop in vegetable and petrol prices.
Lower inflation, in turn, could prompt the RBI to cut interest rates and nudge banks to lower home loan easy monthly installments (EMIs).
The government wants to boost the share of manufacturing in the country’s gross domestic product to 25% from about 15% at present, roughly the same share of the economy as peers like Brazil and Russia, but less than China’s 32%.
“In view of slower growth of IIP (Index of Industrial Production) in the second quarter vis-à-vis the first quarter and in particular the manufacturing component; a lower growth in industry sector vis-à-vis the first quarter is not surprising,” the finance ministry said in a statement.
Over the last six months the government has laid out the red-carpet for foreign investors with a string of initiatives such as ‘Make in India’, which is aimed at turning India into a manufacturing powerhouse, and iron out procedural and bureaucratic irritants that are often cited as holding back investments.
Analysts said the pace of India’s recovery will largely be determined by the rapidity at which the government is able to push through key reforms including contentious ones such as the raising the foreign direct investment (FDI) cap in the insurance sector to 49% from current 26%, easing land buying rules for industry and modernising India’s labour laws.
 

Paid Sebi 412 crore  Sahara tells apex courtComments
The Sahara Group on Friday informed the Supreme Court that it has sold one of its nine domestic assets to raise Rs. 411.82 crore and has given the amount to the Securities and Exchange Board of India.
It further submitted that the company had made some progress in its bid to sell its three overseas hotels — Dream Downtown and The Plaza in New York and Grosvenor House in London. For this, it said there was a need to amend the terms and conditions relating to loan and other transactions. Sahara has so far failed to sell its prime international properties.
Roy, who has been lodged in Tihar Jail since March 4 for non- refund of over Rs. 20,000 crore with interest to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs. 10,000 crore to get bail.
Senior advocate S Ganesh further said that Bank of China, which had lent money to Sahara for purchasing stakes in overseas hotels, recently raised issues regarding a development in which Sahara had entered into an agreement for the takeover of the loan. Ganesh added the company was about to sign a tri-partite agreement for a loan from a junior lender. If the deal fructifies, then Sahara will likely raise around Rs. 3,600 crore.

Persuade RBI to cut rates  kickstart economy  Chidambaram tells govtPersuade RBI to cut rates, kickstart economy, Chidambaram tells govt
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 28, 2014
First Published: 23:06 IST(28/11/2014) | Last Updated: 00:36 IST(29/11/2014)
Former finance minister P Chidambaram asked the government on Friday to kick-start stalled projects and “use persuasive powers” to convince the Reserve Bank of India to slash interest rates in order to boost investments.
File photo of Union finance minister P Chidambaram in New Delhi. PTI/Manvender Vashist
He suggested a four-pronged strategy for reviving the economy. These include containing the fiscal deficit at 4.1% of GDP, appoint a head of the project management group, identify big-ticket investments, and convince the RBI governor that a rate cut is an imperative.
“Identify a few proposed big-ticket investments (foreign or Indian), bring every one into a room with the Prime Minister, and do not allow them to leave the room until they have resolved all the issues and announced the start date of each investment proposal,” Chidambaram said.
“All the signs of a sluggish economy were there — low credit growth, a limping manufacturing sector, no new major investments, stalled projects, infrastructure bottlenecks etc. Government should have focused on these matters. Alas, it did not. Nor did it use its Parliamentary majority and its claim of a ‘strong’ executive branch to push legislative and administrative measures,” he said in a statement.
“Government seems to have been seduced by the rise in the stock market and the adulation showered at organised Indian diaspora events.”

Sebi imposes 1.49 crore fine on 29 entitiesComments
Sebi has slapped a total penalty of Rs. 1.49 crore on 29 entities for fraudulently pushing up the price and creating artificial volumes in the shares of Gemstone Investments Ltd in 2009.
The capital market regulator had initiated a probe after detecting huge rise in traded volumes as well as price of Gemstone shares during the period from January 6 to December 30, 2009.
 In its 36-page order, the watchdog has imposed a total penalty of Rs. 1.49 crore on 29 entities, including many individuals.
 It was observed that the price of the scrip unusually increased from Rs. 21.20 to Rs. 78.35 while the daily high-low traded volume was one to 2,46,015 shares during January-December period in 2009.
As many as 39 entities were restrained from accessing the securities market by Sebi through an interim order in February 2011 and the order was confirmed in July the same year.
Then it was found that 31 entities were connected and dealt in the Gemstone shares in a fraudulent manner. Out of these, the regulator has imposed fines on 29 entities.
Noting that the defaults were repetitive in nature, Sebi said the noticees traded in a manner meant to create artificial volumes and liquidity which is an important criterion capable of misleading the investors while making an investment decision.
"... this kind of activity seriously affects the normal price discovery mechanism of the securities market. People who indulge in manipulative, fraudulent and deceptive transactions should be suitably penalised for the said acts of omissions and commissions," the regulator said in its 36-page order.
In its probe, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) found that the entities indulged in fraudulent and manipulative manner, without real change in ownership of shares, by way of synchronised trades to create artificial volumes and price rise in the scrip.

ONGC  other Indian PSUs to invest $3 billion in MozambiqueONGC, other Indian PSUs to invest $3 billion in Mozambique
HT Correspondent/PTI , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 28, 2014
First Published: 23:24 IST(28/11/2014) | Last Updated: 02:32 IST(29/11/2014)
Comments
India on Friday pressed Mozambique to approve a law that will help protect its investments in the African nation, as state-owned ONGC gears up to invest $3 billion (Rs 18,200 crore) in a giant gas field there.
Union minister Dharmendra Pradhan and Maharashtra PWD minister Chandrakant Patil leave Matoshree after meeting Uddhav Thackeray in Mumbai. (Satish Bate/HT photo)
Oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan pressed visiting Mozambique foreign minister Oldemiro Julio Marques Baloi for early passage of the law as general elections are slated to be held in the country soon.
ONGC Videsh Ltd (OVL), the overseas arm of state explorer Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), along with Oil India Ltd (OIL), have spent about $5 billion in acquiring a 20%-stake in Area-1 gas field. Their share of investment for developing the offshore gas field and converting the fuel into LNG for export would be another $3 billion or more.
Though the required law and investment agreements are in place for the Production Sharing Contract (PSC) for the upstream component, the special regimes required for midstream and downstream investment (pipelines and LNG plants) are yet to be finalised, sources said.
The special regimes for midstream and downstream investment require passing of a decree law and an LNG investment agreement with the approval of the Parliament of Mozambique.
While the Mozambique cabinet has approved the decree law, it is awaiting Parliament nod, sources said. Any delay in the Parliament nod will push back the project as after the general elections, a new Parliament may take some time to constitute and approve the decree.
This, they said, may result in erosion in the value of project.
Sources said OVL and partners are targeting 2019 for start of gas production.
During the meeting, an MoU was signed between India and Mozambique on cooperation in the field of oil and gas for five years. “The objective of the MoU is to enhance bilateral cooperation on the basis of equality and mutual benefit,” a statement said.

Uber Disciplines Manager Accused Of Tracking Reporterreddit
Uber has disciplined its lead NYC manager after he was accused of invading a customer's privacy.
"We have concluded our investigation and taken disciplinary actions," Uber representative Natalia Montalvo said in a statement obtained Friday by The Huffington Post.
Montalvo did not give specifics on what Josh Mohrer , Uber's New York City general manager, did wrong or how he was punished. But the company acknowledged it started reviewing Mohrer's actions 10 days ago after a BuzzFeed story revealed that Mohrer tracked tech reporter Johana Bhuiyan's Uber travel data without her permission.
"Access to and use of data is permitted only for legitimate business purposes," said an Uber statement issued last week on the investigation. "Violations of this policy do result in disciplinary action, including the possibility of termination and legal action."
Mohrer will keep his job as general manager for New York City, but it was unclear if or how the "disciplinary actions" will affect his role, reported Slate, the first outlet to confirm Uber's move .
Mohrer improperly used Uber's internal "God View" system to keep tabs on Bhuiyan when she was traveling to Uber’s New York headquarters to conduct an interview, BuzzFeed reported. "There you are," Mohrer said to Bhuiyan when she arrived. "I was tracking you."
"God View" can be used to find the location of both Uber vehicles and customers, but as Uber's privacy statement said, "only for legitimate business purposes." Mohrer did not ask Bhuiyan's permission to track her, BuzzFeed reported.
BuzzFeed's piece on "God View" prompted Uber to clarify its privacy policy and the company confirmed that it had hired an attorney from Hogan Lovells to help steer its privacy practices.
The controversial company has been struggling to save face in recent weeks. In addition to the alleged "God View" privacy invasion, Uber Vice President Emil Michael suggested at a dinner that the company should dig up dirt on journalists critical of its business . Both Michael and Uber CEO Travis Kalanick later apologized for the statement.
Uber -- founded in 2009 and based in San Francisco -- is reportedly in talks to raise $1 billion to put its total valuation in the range of $35 to 40 billion .
More:

FPI inflows hit $4 bn in Nov; reach $40 bn so far in2014Hindalco Industries shares plunge on special court's orders
Overseas investors have poured in over USD 4 billion in the Indian capital markets this month taking total inflows to over USD 40 billion since January.
The net investment by foreign investors into equities was Rs 13,753 crore (USD 2.23 billion) last month, while they infused Rs 11,723 crore (USD 1.9 billion) in the debt market, taking the total to USD 4.1 billion, as per latest data.
The net infusion in October was USD 2.8 billion.
Market analysts maintain that Foreign Portfolio Investors have been betting on the Indian market mainly on account of the reforms agenda of the new government at the Centre.
They are pouring funds into Indian markets on the hopes of speedy economic growth and cut in interest rates as oil prices have dropped and inflation has declined.
Moreover, foreign investors are pumping funds into debt in order to take advantage of the higher yields.
The net investment by overseas investors into the equity market has reached Rs 96,020 crore (USD 16 billion) so far this year, while in the debt markets it is at Rs 1.48 lakh crore (USD 24.4 billion), taking the total to Rs 2.44 lakh crore (USD 40.36 billion).
The strong inflows have helped push the BSE index Sensex by about 36 per cent so far this year.
Since the beginning of June, Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator Sebi to create a new investor category called Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs).
TAGS: Capital Markets Investors
More from indianmarkets

Top 7 companies add Rs 47 365 crore in m-cap; SBI  Infosys shineHindalco Industries shares plunge on special court's orders
The combined market valuation of top seven Sensex companies surged Rs 47,365 crore last week with SBI and Infosys emerging as big gainers.
TCS, HDFC Bank, CIL, ICICI Bank and HDFC also made gains in their market capitalisation (m-cap) for the week ended Friday (November 28).
ONGC, RIL and ITC were the only companies in the top-10 list that saw their m-cap drop in this period.
The m-cap of SBI soared Rs 12,243.8 crore to Rs 2,39,985.92 crore. Infosys added Rs 12,239.84 crore to Rs 2,50,323.90 crore in its valuation.
HDFC Bank’s market cap surged Rs 6,126.86 crore to Rs 2,31,322.85 crore. The m-cap of TCS climbed Rs 5,249.39 crore to Rs 5,17,711.39 crore.
Similarly, the valuation of Coal India jumped Rs 4,832.02 crore to Rs 2,24,073.03 crore, HDFC (Rs 4,262.91 crore to Rs 1,82,313.49 crore) and ICICI Bank (Rs 2,410.23 crore to Rs 2,03,130.36 crore).
On the other hand, ITC’s market cap tumbled Rs 10,582.48 crore to Rs 2,89,919.92 crore. Investor wealth in ONGC slipped Rs 3,507.75 crore to Rs 3,24,680.85 crore.
RIL lost Rs 2,134.98 crore to Rs 3,20,520.81 crore in its valuation.
In the domestic market cap ranking, TCS continues to top the list, followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, Infosys, SBI, HDFC Bank, CIL, ICICI Bank and HDFC.
Meanwhile, over the past week, the BSE benchmark Sensex gained 359.36 points to settle at 28,693.99.
TAGS: BSE Sensex
More from indianmarkets

Sebi slaps 18 lakh penalty on Mapro Ind  former promotersComments
Capital market regulator Sebi has imposed a total penalty of Rs. 18 lakh on Mapro Industries and its seven erstwhile promoters for failing to make necessary disclosures within the prescribed time frame.
In a recent order, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has imposed a penalty of Rs. 4 lakh on Mapro Industries, a company listed on the BSE.
It has also slapped Rs. 2 lakh fine each on its former promoters -- Alok Wires Private Ltd, Mebags Investment Services, Gopal Krishan Somani, Gopal Krishan Somani (HUF), Sanjay Somani, Sanjay Somani (HUF) and Shruti Somani.
As per norms, Mapro failed to make yearly disclosures regarding its shareholding pattern to stock exchanges in 2005, 2007, 2009 and 2011 within stipulated time.
Similarly, the Mapro promoters did not file relevant disclosures with respect to their stakes in the company for the financial year ended March 31, 2012, within the permitted time frame.
"As a listed company and as promoters of the listed company, the noticees had a responsibility to comply with the disclosure requirements in accordance with their spirit, intention and purpose," Sebi said in the order.
"Non-compliance/ delayed compliance with disclosure requirements by a listed company and/ or its promoters undermines the regulatory objectives and jeopardises the achievement of the underlying policy goals," it added.
The market regulator came across the violation upon examination of a letter of offer by certain entities to acquire 26% stake of Mapro.

8 airports have no scheduled flights  loss in 3 yrs 82 crComments
Eight non-metro airports modernised using public money have no scheduled flights operating there, leading them to incur a total loss of about Rs. 82 crore in the last three years.
As government pushes for air connectivity in remote areas, official figures show that these eight airports have jointly incurred a total loss of over Rs. 25 crore in 2011-12, over 27 crore in 2012-13 and almost Rs. 30 crore in 2013-14, official sources said.
Reacting sharply to the "precarious" situation prevailing at these airports, aviation industry experts said only market conditions and operational viability and "not political compulsions" should determine developing airports or creating new ones.
The airports, which were modernised and upgraded by state-run Airports Authority of India (AAI) but have no scheduled flights, are at Akola (Maharashtra), Bikaner and Jaisalmer (Rajasthan), Coochbehar (West Bengal), Cuddapah (Andhra Pradesh), Pathankot and Ludhiana (Punjab) and Puducherry.
Details regarding the cost of modernising these airports were not immediately available. Similarly, the figures on losses of Bhatinda and Jalgaon airports, also modernised by AAI with no scheduled flights operating from there, were also not available.
Asked why airlines were not flying to these places, official sources said it was up to the airline operators to provide air services to such places "depending on the traffic demand and commercial viability", apart from the route dispersal guidelines.
However, industry experts disagreed saying airlines should be consulted first before investments are made for developing airports.
"It is a precarious situation. Airports should not be "It is a precarious situation. Airports should not be developed merely because of political compulsions, but only on the basis of operational feasibility and market conditions.
"Airports do not just mean plush terminal buildings like shopping malls. The apron and the runway are crucial for flight operations," said Debashis Saha, senior executive of professional aviation body Aeronautical Society of India.
Therefore, detailed feasibility studies for short, medium and long term flight operations should be carried out, both for passenger and cargo operations, "before any decision is taken to upgrade an airport or create a new one," he said.
Giving examples of other countries, he said airport operators like Changi in Singapore "attract airlines by offering special schemes including no or low charges and marketing budget".
"Government should make available some funds to attract airlines to Tier-II and III cities at least for three years so as to enable airlines to achieve market capitalisation and help air traffic in these sectors grow," Saha said.
Airlines should be consulted and asked to study the market potential of an airport in a remote or a non-metro city so that they can sustain day-to-day operations, Saha said, adding the airlines should also be asked to commit to launch operations if found viable.
Cost of day-to-day operations include those for maintenance of all technical equipment, the terminal, payment for staff, location of fire and security services.
Saha said the costs incurred in these areas have led to the eight airports to run into losses without having even a single scheduled flight.
Though AAI was providing incentives like no landing or parking charges and priority of slots to flights between Tier -II and Tier-III cities, he said unless the airlines were consulted beforehand, these incentives would not work and "the AAI would continue to incur heavy losses".

Drop in oil prices changing risk profile of Emerging Markets including IndiaCBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case
The recent drop in oil prices is changing the risk profile of Emerging Markets (EMs), including India, according to a new research report.
Significant adjustments to global financial markets in the second half of 2014 include a large drop in commodity prices, the end of Quantitative Easing (QE) in the US, and a stronger US dollar, the QNB Group report said.
These developments, particularly the drop in oil prices, have led to a divergence in EM performance and risks going forward.
Falling oil prices have helped improve external balances in India and Indonesia and their governments have also taken the opportunity presented by lower oil prices to increase fuel prices and reduce their subsidy bills, the report said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced in mid-October that the government would stop fixing diesel prices, eliminating half of total fuel subsidies, which cost the government around 9.4 per cent of the budget last year.
“We have previously identified the EMs most at risk of a balance of payments crisis. This analysis focused on the Fragile Five (Brazil, India, Indonesia, South Africa and Turkey) EMs that were most severely impacted by the capital outflows following the announcement in mid-2013 of the QE tapering by the US Federal Reserve (Fed),” the report said.
“We now have added Russia and Ukraine to our list of EMs that face a material risk of a crisis (owing to the fallout between the two countries as well as the recent drop in oil prices) to make up the so-called Suspect Seven,” it said.
The improvement in financial market sentiment towards the Suspect Seven has occurred despite a steady downward revision in the outlook for these economies, with the main exception of India.
Real GDP growth is now expected to be 5.4 per cent in 2014 up from 4.7 per cent expected in June. Indonesia is the only other Suspect Seven expected to grow by over 5 per cent in 2014.
Lower oil prices have been a key differentiator of EM performance during the second half of 2014. Brent oil prices peaked in mid-June at USD 115 per barrel. Since then prices have fallen over 30 per cent to around USD 80 currently.
TAGS: Diesel Price Narendra Modi Oil Prices
More from economy
Per capita annual income increases in national capital The per capita annual income in the national capital has increased to Rs 2.19 lakh in 2013-14 as campared to Rs 1.92 lakh in the previous fiscal.

OMCs  aviation stks upDec 01, 2014, 10.06 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
OMCs, airline stocks rally as crude falls to $68
Shares in India’s leading oil marketing companies and aviation firms rose in early trade after international crude oil prices fell to USD 68 a barrel after the OPEC late last week decided to not cut output even in the face of rising gap between demand and supply.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
OMCs, airline stocks rally as crude falls to $68
Shares in India’s leading oil marketing companies and aviation firms rose in early trade after international crude oil prices fell to USD 68 a barrel after the OPEC late last week decided to not cut output even in the face of rising gap between demand and supply.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares in India’s leading oil marketing companies and aviation firms rose in early trade after international crude oil prices fell to USD 68 a barrel after the OPEC late last week decided to not cut output even in the face of rising gap between demand and supply.
At open, IOC , BPCL  and HPCL  were up 0.5 percent to 1 percent. Effective today. the companies cut prices of petrol and diesel by 91 paise and 84 paise respectively.
Airlines such as Jet Airways  and SpiceJet  climbed 6.5 percent and 13 percent, respectively, after the OMCs slashed jet fuel prices by 4.1 percent.
SpiceJet was also boosted by news that ace investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala had picked up stake in the firm.
Other stocks that too are expected to benefit from a fall in crude oil – with the fuel being a key input in their manufacturing – also rose.
Dunlop India , Modi Rubber  and Apollo Tyres  gained 2.9 percent to 4.7 percent, while Shalimar Paints , Berger Paints  and Akzo Nobel  surged 5.4 percent to 9.5 percent. Crude is an input in both rubber and paints.
RELATED NEWS

Oil s slide continuesDec 01, 2014, 09.02 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Oil in longest losing streak since 2008 crisis
"They (OPEC) can get by at $60 a barrel, but that price would knock out a fair whack of the competition – much U.S. shale oil for example – as well as put investment in future capacity growth firmly on the back-burner," ANZ analysts said in a note.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Oil in longest losing streak since 2008 crisis
"They (OPEC) can get by at $60 a barrel, but that price would knock out a fair whack of the competition – much U.S. shale oil for example – as well as put investment in future capacity growth firmly on the back-burner," ANZ analysts said in a note.
Post your opinion here
 
US crude fell more than USD 2 to a five-year low in Asian trade on Monday, while Brent futures touched a fresh four-year low, extending a steep sell-off after OPEC decided not to cut production last week, keeping markets well supplied.
Both U.S. crude and Brent have fallen for five straight months, oil's longest losing streak since the 2008 financial crisis.
U.S. crude tumbled to near USD 64, dragging Brent down below USD 70, after Saudi Arabia's oil minister told fellow OPEC members last week that they must combat the U.S. shale oil boom.
"They (OPEC) can get by at USD 60 a barrel, but that price would knock out a fair whack of the competition – much U.S. shale oil for example – as well as put investment in future capacity growth firmly on the back-burner," ANZ analysts said in a note.
"They're playing the long game, banking that others can't."
Brent hit a low of USD 67.90 a barrel, the lowest since May 2010, and was at USD 68.38 a barrel by 0145 GMT, down USD 1.77. U.S. crude was at USD 64.70 a barrel, down USD 1.45 after earlier slipping to an intraday low of USD 64.10, the lowest since July 2009.
Oil-producing countries from Iraq to Nigeria are revising their 2015 budgets to reflect lower prices.
Iran refrained from protesting against OPEC's decision to retain its production ceiling to maintain group solidarity, even though the move will not benefit all members, Iranian oil minister said in local media reports.
Slower than expected growth in China's manufacturing sector may add further downward pressure on oil. China's official Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) slipped to 50.3 in November, a government study showed on Monday, lower than analysts' forecast at 50.6.
"It's not too bad a miss, but probably won't help (oil) too much," Ric Spooner, chief analyst at CMC Markets in Sydney said.
"It's best not to try to pick bottoms at this stage."
Spooner said the next support levels for Brent are at USD 68 and USD 64 a barrel. If West Texas Intermediate crude futures fall below USD 63.90 a barrel, the next support level would be at USD 50, he said.
RELATED NEWS

Report: Black Friday Was The Second-Biggest Day Ever For Background ChecksThe FBI dealt with more background checks this Black Friday than ever before on the annual shopping day, according to a CNN report on Saturday.
Only once in its history has the agency had to handle a larger number of background checks in a single day: Friday, Dec. 21, 2012 , exactly one week after the Sandy Hook school shooting .
All told, the FBI's National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS) ran more than 175,000 background checks on Friday. The agency typically handles about one-third of that on a more normal day, according to CNN.
The record number of requests for background checks isn't surprising. In fact, it's perfectly in line with recent trends. As HuffPost reporter Kim Bhasin wrote last year:
Gun-buying after Thanksgiving is becoming something of a holiday tradition. In each of the past two years, the Federal Bureau of Investigation has reported a record number of calls for background checks for gun purchases on the Friday after Thanksgiving. A flood of 154,873 calls on Black Friday in 2012, nearly three times the daily average that year, caused outages at some of the National Instant Criminal Background Check System's call centers.
But the growing number of Black Friday requests does present a challenge for the agency. By law, NICS has only three business days to complete a background check . After that, the decision to sell a firearm rests with the dealer.
As a result of that small window, the agency had roughly 600 of its employees logging long hours to make sure it completed as many background checks as possible on Friday. "No one is allowed to take leave today," Kimberly Del Greco, an FBI manager with NICS, told NPR on Friday . The FBI even asked some former employees to help with the workload, FBI spokesman Stephen Fischer told CNN.
As Philip Bump at The Washington Post notes, background checks are " an imperfect metric for approximating total gun sales ." That's primarily because of two reasons: One background check can lead to the purchase of multiple firearms by a single individual, and certain individuals are able to purchase guns without a background check ever being completed because of the aforementioned three-days rule.
Nevertheless, the number of background checks being requested can be a useful indicator of general gun ownership trends. And according to the FBI website, all 10 of the top 10 highest weeks for background checks since 1998 have occurred in the past couple of years.
More than 12,000 people in the U.S. died as a result of gun violence in 2013. The FBI was not immediately available for comment.
More:

Titan sees better bizMy balance sheet will be significantly different because there would be no debt now. It’s a natural hedge; it’s easier and much better.
S Subramanian
CFO
Titan
With the RBI on Friday easing restrictions on gold imports by scrapping the controversial 80:20 scheme, R S Subramaniam, CFO, Titan in an interview to CNBC-TV18 spoke about the benefits to the industry and his company per se.
He says the scrapping of export rule is very positive for the industry and would now reduce the arbitrage opportunity for smugglers.
"The premium is based on the scarcity and the demand-supply situation gap. The premium that was averaging around USD 75-100 per ounce over the last one year would come down to USD 3-4 per ounce level, so that is one big advantage with the removal of the curbs, " he adds.
Moreover, now with the consumer requiring to pay less in terms of premium will look at purchasing more gold jewellery, which in turn would benefit both.
"It has been decided by the Government of India to withdraw the 20:80 scheme and restrictions placed on import of gold. Accordingly, all instructions issued about the scheme from time to time...stand withdrawn with immediate effect," the RBI said in a notification.
Below is the transcript of S Subramaniam's interview with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: Tell us the spin for your company. You all have got used to the import control rule. Now that it is not there is it going to make a difference?
A: It’s great news. A good gift on Friday evening from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and the government of course. Basically we did not have any problem in procuring gold during the period but the impact was seen on the high premium over the last one year or so, which touched USD 100-150 per ounce. However, it did cool off significantly in the last two-three months and now with the 80:20 removed, the premium would come back to normal USD 3-4 per ounce level, so that is a good thing which means the arbitrage opportunity for smugglers etc would come down significantly and that is good news.
Smuggling, hopefully with this should come off entirely, there maybe 10 percent customs duty but we would hopefully see more people complying with it rather than smuggle because that was an issue that we had and therefore there is a differential rate in the gold rates in the market at times. So that would now disappear. So it’s a level playing filed, its good, cost of funding should come down because with this gold only should be back entirely.
Latha: You said two specific things – (1) premium for gold falls to USD 3; falls from what to USD 3 and (2) cost of funding. On each how much would the impact be, how much would your margins improve? If you can give us the quantity
A: The premium was based on the scarcity. The demand-supply situation gap, so as I said it was averaging around USD 75-100 per ounce over the last one year. It had touched a peak of USD 150 per ounce and so on. Having said that in the last two-three months the supply situation is better, some relaxation has happened in the import curbs and therefore it had come down to about USD 10-15 per ounce levels – that would come down to USD 3 per ounce level, so that is one big advantage with the removal of the curbs.
However, we did not have much of an impact on that because we all passed on this to the consumer. It is good that the consumer now will have to play less in terms of premium, so that’s a positive from consumer perspective and therefore for us as well because one assumes that if the rates are more attractive then consumers will buy more gold, more jewellery. So that’s one expectation.
The second is cost of funding. Without gold on lease,  which was there for about six-eight months, we had to borrow at the local banking system or whatever else and of course we did get a lot back in terms of premium when we hedged ourselves internationally, so it did bring our cost down to around 3 percent level. Therefore, with gold on lease expected to be back now in full swing, we would be at the same level. However my balance sheet will be significantly different because there would be no debt now. It’s a natural hedge; it’s easier and much better.
Sonia: How much do you think the return on capital employed (RoCE) in the jewellery business could improve to now?
A: It would go back to its old levels. There was a time it touched 100 percent, I am not saying we will go back to that but 60-70 percent yes; it will go to that level.
Sonia: What about an improvement in your operating cash flows, in your free cash flows, any kind of indication on how this move maybe not now but in the last three-six months?
A: It would take some time because going forward all the gold that we buy could be on lease, we still have some which we have paid in cash so that will come off. If 100 percent of gold is going to be on lease and you get six months credit and stock turn is normally 2.2, which means we have five month holding, so we could actually be ending up with one month surplus cash which is good news. So balance sheet looks far better.
Latha: What about profit and loss (P&L), if you can tell us EBITDA margin in basis points?
A: The big difference here would be that when we had premium in the market, we unfortunately had to have swings in margins on a quarter to quarter basis, for example last quarter we had to get a charge of the high premium that were in the inventory, which we had procured two quarters before that and last quarter when we could not charge the consumer because the premiums had fallen. Those anomalies would come off entirely and that’s a great thing.
Therefore, on margin basis I do not think there will be a significant difference overall but balance sheet will be much cleaner, hedging is much easier and so on.
Titan Company stock price
On December 10, 2014, Titan Company closed at Rs 359.80, down Rs 5.8, or 1.59 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 424.25 and the 52-week low was Rs 203.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 8.89 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 40.47. The latest book value of the company is Rs 28.43 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 12.66.
RELATED NEWS

Thangamayil eyes more volThe metal availability was a question for the entire jewellery industry and because of 80:20 scheme it was creating very unhealthy approach of smuggling from neighbouring countries.
Yadindra Kumar
GM Finance
Thangamayil Jewellery
Yadindra Kumar, GM Finance at  Thangamayil Jewellery said with the RBI scrapping the 80:20 rule on gold imports, the availability of gold would improve and also help curb gold smuggling.
 
It would also mean that the procurement costs for gold companies would be lower, he said in an interview to CNBC-TV18.
According to him as a result of this move, the company per se would see a volume growth of 25. Moreover, the upcoming festive season in December would also give a fillip to volumes, he added.
Below is the transcript of Yadindra Kumar's interview with Ekta Batra & Anuj Singhal on CNBC-TV18.
Ekta: Can you detail to us how beneficial the scrapping of the 80:20 scheme would be for Thangamayil Jewellery in specific?
A: We got the circular withdrawing the 80:20 scheme on Friday evening around 6:30 pm. We are getting more details today and by tomorrow we will be getting on how it will be introduced through the system in India. It is a very positive move from the government side.
Ekta: How does it change your procurement model?
A: The metal availability was a question for the entire jewellery industry and because of 80:20 scheme it was creating very unhealthy approach of smuggling from neighbouring countries. It is a great relief now because this makes it more transparent. The direct metal availability will be at ease and that itself will give a great thing. The craftsmen that we had employed, we were not able to give job on daily basis because they could carry on work depending on availability of work.
Ekta: Would your procurement cost reduce because of this?
A: Yes definitely. Procurement cost will be coming down greatly, the price itself has come down by 12 percent as compared to last year and today the 22 carat price is quite low but based on this government policy and metal availability things will get better shape.
Ekta: What would this do to your Profit and Loss (P&L), for example in Q3 FY14 would we see an impact of possibly better margins and profits for the company because of this?
A: Yes, in fact volume uptick itself we are expecting a bare minimum increase of 25 percentage in Q3 and considering Christmas and New Year, it maybe even more than that on the volume front.
Thangamayil stock price
On December 10, 2014, Thangamayil Jewellery  closed at Rs 196.65, down Rs 5.9, or 2.91 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 228.90 and the 52-week low was Rs 105.75.
The latest book value of the company is Rs 111.96 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 1.76.
RELATED NEWS

Religare picks oil betsDec 01, 2014, 02.19 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
See more upside in HPCL, BPCL; buy Cairn on dips: Religare
"In Q3 and Q4, subsidy burden on ONGC and Oil India should come down. On an average for the year the subsidy that has been put on them should not be more than USD 30-35 per barrel giving them a net realisation of about USD 55-60 per barrel," Nitin Tiwari, VP-Institutional Research, Religare Capital Markets said.

LPG rate cut by Rs 113 as oil rates slump to multi-yr lowsEconomy and Politics
Story
LPG rate cut by Rs 113, jet fuel prices by 4.1 per cent as oil rates slump to multi-year lows
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 1, 2014  | 15:34 IST
Photo: Reuters
Price of non-subsidised cooking gas (LPG) was on Monday cut by a steep Rs 113 per cylinder and that of jet fuel (ATF) by 4.1 per cent as international oil rates slumped to multi-year lows.
A 14.2-kg cylinder of non-subsidised LPG will now cost Rs 752, down from Rs 865 previously, in Delhi, oil companies announced on Monday.
This is the fifth straight reduction in rates of non-subsidised or market priced LPG, which the customers buy after exhausting their quota of 12 cylinders at subsidised rates, since August.
In five monthly reduction, non-domestic LPG rates have been slashed by Rs 170.5 per cylinder, bringing the price at three-year lows.
On similar lines, the price of aviation turbine fuel (ATF), or jet fuel, at Delhi was cut by Rs 2,594.93 per kilolitre, or 4.1 per cent, to Rs 59,943 per kilolitre.
This is the fifth straight monthly reduction in rates. This reduction follows a steep 7.3 pr cent or Rs 4,987.7 per kl, cut in prices on November 1.
Since August, ATF prices have been cut by 14.5 per cent or Rs 10,218.76 per kl and rates have dipped below Rs 60,000 per kl level for the first time in three years.
Brent, the benchmark grade for more than half of the world's oil, have dropped to $68.34 a barrel, the lowest level since October 2009.
Prices declined 18 per cent last month and are 38 per cent lower in 2014.
In Mumbai, jet fuel will cost Rs 61,695 per kl from today as against Rs 64,414.98 per kl previously.
The rates vary because of differences in local sales tax or VAT.

Sensex  Nifty snap winning streak ahead of RBI meetSensex, Nifty snap winning streak ahead of RBI meet
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 01, 2014 16:18 IST
The Sensex dropped to a low of 28,539, and finally ended the day with a loss of 134 points at 28,560.
 
 
The Indian equity market ended in the red on Monday on account of profit booking and weak global cues. Indices snapped a three-day winning streak ahead of the RBI policy scheduled to be held on December 2, 2014. 
 
Commenting on the same, Amar Ambani, Head of Research at IIFL said, "Though CPI trends in recent months suggests that inflation is undershooting RBI's projected trajectory, the central bank is likely to hold its ground in tomorrow's policy amid increasing chants for rate cut. The sole reason behind a status-quo would be to play it safely and surely. In our view, RBI would want to watch inflation trends through December 2014 - February 2015 to monitor the impact of weak monsoon and diminished base effect before taking a sure call on easing policy. However, once the stance is shifted, we expect aggressive rate reductions through 2015, which could be in the range of 75-100bps."
 
The market undertone remained bullish early in the day as Nifty managed to hit fresh life-time highs of 8,623 owing to fall in global crude oil prices, robust FII inflows and hopes of interest rate cut on Tuesday. However, it was very short-lived as indices began its descent to shut the day in the negative terrain.
 
Auto stocks were in limelight today on the back of monthly sales data. Maruti Suzuki, Ashok Leyland and TVS Motors advanced smartly on reporting healthy sales in the month of November. Mahindra & Mahindra, however, plunged sharply on reporting a sharp fall in monthly sales.
 
Global Crude oil prices are now at four-year lows, after the OPEC body refused to cut down on its daily production. Meanwhile, the FIIs invested $ 4 billion in the Indian equity markets last month. 
 
However, the market saw limited gains today as volatility ruled high ahead of tomorrow's key event. Also, negative global cues were seen dampening in the sentiment up to some extent.
 
The NSE Nifty surged to a fresh all-time high of 8,623, and traded around the 8,600-level for the major part of the trading day. The late sell-off saw the NSE index tumble to a low of 8,545 - down 78 points from the day's high. The Nifty eventually ended the day with a loss of 32 points at 8,556.
 
The India VIX index was up 2.4 per cent at 13.20.
 
Elsewhere in the globe, Asian markets too finished the day with substantial losses. The Hang Seng slumped 2.6 per cent at close, while the Straits Times index was down 1.3 per cent. Nikkei, however, managed to end 0.7 per cent higher today. The European market too started the day on a disappointing note. The FTSE and CAC were down over a per cent each, while the DAX shed 0.6 per cent.
 
Back to our markets, the Sensex just fell short of a new record as the index managed to touch a high of 28,810 in the opening trades. Thereafter, the BSE index found it difficult to move further higher. After, trading sideways for the better part of the trading day, the BSE index suddenly plunged deep into red after news of Moody's downgrading Japan. 
 
The Sensex dropped to a low of 28,539, and finally ended the day with a loss of 134 points at 28,560. The NSE Bank Nifty ended almost unchanged at 18,525.
 
The broader market too kicked-off the month on a negative note - the CNX Midcap index was down a wee bit at 12,360, while the Smallcap index shed almost a per cent at 5,140.
 
The market breadth was fairly negative - out of 1,735 stocks traded on the NSE, 986 declined and 549 advanced today.
 
Asian Paints was the top gainer in the Nifty 50 stocks today. The stock zoomed 7.5 per cent to a fresh all-time high at Rs. 800.
 
In the broader market, other paints shares too ended with flying colours, as the firms seem poised to seek the benefit of a sharp fall in crude oil prices. Shalimar Paints and Berger Paints were up 7.7 per cent and 11.5 per cent, respectively. Kansia Nerolac was up 2.8 per cent, while Akzo Nobel jumped 4 per cent in trades today.
 
Hero MotoCorp also rallied to record high of Rs. 3,270, up 3.9 per cent after the company tapped another foreign market - Colombia.
 
FMCG major - Hindustan Unilever also finished at a record high of Rs. 807 - up 2.7 per cent. 
 
DLF surged 3.3 per cent to Rs. 154, and IndusInd Bank gained 2.9 per cent at Rs. 772.
 
TCS, Axis Bank, Cipla and Maruti Suzuki were the other major Nifty gainers today.
 
On the other hand, Jindal Steel slumped 4.3 per cent to Rs. 135. ONGC shed nearly 4 per cent at Rs. 365.
 
NMDC, Hindalco and BHEL plunged around 3.5 per cent each to Rs. 135, Rs. 168 and Rs. 274, respectively.
 
Power Grid Corporation and Reliance Industries declined around 3 per cent each to Rs. 138 and Rs. 963, respectively.
 
Tata Power, Tata Steel, Mahindra & Mahindra, HDFC, Sesa Sterlite, Gail India, Grasim, NTPC, Zee Entertainment, Lupin, Cairn India and Bharti Airtel were the other prominent losers.
 
Jet Airways logged strong gains for the second straight day on hopes that cheaper fuel prices are likely to benefit the company in bringing out its operational costs. The stock today ended with a gain of 7 per cent at Rs. 345.
 
Jewellery stocks were also in limelight today after the Central Bank scrapped the 80:20 Gold import rule. Titan surged 5 per cent to Rs. 389. Gitanjali Gems was locked at the 20 per cent upper circuit. Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri also soared over 17 per cent.

October Eight Core Ind growth at 6.3% Vs 1.9% (MoM)October Eight Core Ind growth at 6.3% Vs 1.9% (MoM)
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 01, 2014 17:11 IST
The combined Index of Eight Core Industries stands at 165.9 in October, 2014, which was 6.3 % higher compared to the index of October, 2013. Its cumulative growth during April to October, 2014-15 was 4.3 %.
 
 
The Eight Core Industries comprise nearly 38 % of the weight of items included in the Index of Industrial Production (IIP).  The combined Index of Eight Core Industries stands at 165.9 in October, 2014, which was 6.3 % higher compared to the index of October, 2013. Its cumulative growth during April to October, 2014-15 was 4.3 %.
Coal
Coal production (weight: 4.38 %) increased by 16.2 % in October, 2014 over October, 2013. Its cumulative index during April to October, 2014-15 increased by 8.5 % over corresponding period of previous year.
Crude Oil
Crude Oil production (weight: 5.22 %) increased by 1.0 % in October, 2014 over October, 2013. The cumulative index of Crude Oil during April to October, 2014-15 declined by 0.9 % over the corresponding period of previous year.
Natural Gas
The Natural Gas production (weight: 1.71 %) declined by 4.2 % in October, 2014 over October, 2013. Its cumulative index during April to October, 2014-15 declined by 5.6 % over the corresponding period of previous year.
Petroleum Refinery Products (0.93% of Crude Throughput)
Petroleum refinery production (weight: 5.94%) increased by 4.2 % in October, 2014 over October, 2013. Its cumulative index during April to October, 2014-15 declined by 1.7 % over the corresponding period of previous year.
Fertilizers
Fertilizer production (weight: 1.25%) declined by 7.0 % in October, 2014 over October, 2013. Its cumulative index during April to October, 2014-15 declined by 1.1 % over the corresponding period of previous year.
Steel (Alloy + Non-Alloy)
Steel production (weight: 6.68%) increased by 2.3 % in October, 2014 over October, 2013. Its cumulative index during April to October, 2014-15 also increased by 2.3 % over the corresponding period of previous year.
Cement
Cement production (weight: 2.41%) declined by 1.0 % in October, 2014 over October, 2013. Its cumulative growth during April to October, 2014-15 was 8.1 % over the corresponding period of previous year.
Electricity
Electricity generation (weight: 10.32%) increased by 13.2 % in October, 2014 over the period of October, 2013 and it registered a cumulative growth of 10.5 % during April to October, 2014-15 over the corresponding period of previous year.

Unlikely relief from high borrowing costs dents auto purchase sentiment: ZyFinUnlikely relief from high borrowing costs dents auto purchase sentiment: ZyFin
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 01, 2014 16:08 IST
The ZyFin index has declined in November 2014 by 3.4 points to 21.0, after continuously suggesting an uptick since the start of the financial year.
 
 
ZyFin Research's Vehicle Purchase Sentiment Index suggests that the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI's) expected postponement of a rate cut is hindering a recovery in auto sales. The ZyFin index has declined in November 2014 by 3.4 points to 21.0, after continuously suggesting an uptick since the start of the financial year. Concurrently, consumers have expressed a strong deterioration in their borrowing comfort, highlighting the urgency for softening in interest rates in boosting India's aggregate demand. This decline comes despite a recovery in consumers' outlook on employment and even inflation. Policy-makers should pay heed to this as an early signal.
 
The Vehicle Purchase Sentiment Index reflects plans to purchase vehicles over the next six months. It is based on a monthly survey of 3,000 consumers in 11 cities across India, representing urban consumers. These are Ahmedabad, Bengaluru, Chennai, Delhi, Guwahati, Hyderabad, Indore, Mangalore, Kolkata, Lucknow and Mumbai. A score above 50 reflects optimism, while below 50 is an indication of pessimism.
Key Highlights of the ZyFin Vehicle Purchase Sentiment Index for November 2014:
The ZyFin Vehicle Purchase Sentiment Index has registered a score of 21.0 in November 2014, as compared to 24.1 in the previous month. Sentiment to purchase both two- and four-wheelers over the next six months has declined.
Regionally, only the South showed improvement in willingness to purchase vehicles, as compared to the previous month. The index here improved to 32.3 in November 2014, from 30.1 in the previous month. The North and West severely lowered their sentiment, dropping to 15.0 and 25.5, respectively, as compared to 23.2 and 30.8 in the previous month. The score remains most depressed in the East, where the score dropped by 2.2 points to 4.4 in November.
Of the 11 cities surveyed, Bengaluru, Indore and Mangalore have the strongest willingness to purchase vehicles. In Bengaluru, consumers are gradually lowering their pessimism toward vehicle purchase, driven by high expectations of overall economic conditions over the next 12 months and improved comfort on inflation. The index moved up marginally to 42.9 in November 2014, from 42.6 in the previous month. Consumers here have professed a greater interest in four-wheelers, rather than two-wheelers. Interestingly, the non-metro cities - Indore and Mangalore have a better outlook on vehicle purchase than many large metros. In the former, the index was at 39.5, on the back of the optimistic overall outlook of its consumers; the city also figures in the top three cities on overall spending. In Mangalore, where consumers have returned to an optimistic spending outlook after two months of pessimism, the index has improved to 38.9 from 36.6.
 
Giving his views on the ZyFin Vehicle Purchase Sentiment Index numbers for the month of November, Debopam Chaudhuri, Chief Economist, ZyFin Research, said, "This sudden decline to an otherwise healing trend is a concern. Although consumers are gradually growing in confidence about the future state of the economy, they seem to be putting spending plans on hold due to high borrowing costs. Loan rates need to soften for consumer demand to get back on track."

Trinamool hits back at BJP prez Amit Shah  says name found in Sahara s  red diaryHome
Miscellaneous
Trinamool Congress hits back at BJP’s Amit Shah, says name found in Subrata Roy’s Sahara group ‘diary’
By: PTI |        New Delhi |  December 1, 2014 5:16 pm
Summary
A day after Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) chief Amit Shah targeted Trinamool Congress in Kolkata, Mamata Banerjee…
Other Articles
Peshawar school attack: Take me, spare the kids, says Nobel laureate Kailash Satyarthi to Taliban gunmen
A day after Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) chief Amit Shah targeted Trinamool Congress in Kolkata, Mamata Banerjee’s party today hit back alleging that his name was mentioned in a ‘red diary’ purportedly seized by CBI from Subrata Roy’s Sahara group office but the government dismissed the charge as speculation.
In Rajya Sabha today, Trinamool MP Derek O’Brien tried to raise the issue of the alleged ‘red diary’ of Sahara and party members staged a walkout when they were not allowed to speak out of turn.
Outside Parliament, Trinamool MPs staged a protest waving red placards with Sahara written on them and demanded a clarification from Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the issue.
Trinamool Congress leader Sudeep Bandhopadhyay told reporters that the BJP chief’s name was mentioned in a ‘red diary’ allegedly recovered by the Central Bureau of Investigation during searches at Sahara’s office in November.
“We want to know why they are being secretive about the names…. Why is CBI not revealing the names? We will not let it go. We want a discussion on the issue,” he said.
“On 22nd November 2014, in a raid at CBI office, a red diary was recovered. In that red diary, I have information that national president of BJP Amit Shah’s name is present along with one Mr NM. Whose names are these? CBI is not revealing this… action has not been taken.
“I hope the government will clarify the issue,” he said.
Union Minister of State for Home Kiren Rijiju rejected the charges, saying these were false speculations and “political in nature”.
“These all are false speculations,” the Minister said outside Parliament House.
He said that political parties have the right to conduct rallies and meetings in any part of the country, a reference to attempts to stall Shah’s rally at Kolkata yesterday.
“These are all political statements. A political party has the right to conduct rallies, meetings anywhere in the country. And if somebody is making a political issue out of it, it is political in nature,” he added.
TAGS: Amit Shah Bharatiya Janata Party Mamata Banerjee Subrata Roy
More from miscellaneous

After Arvind Kejriwal s AAP gets Rs 50 lakh windfall  BJP cries foul  wants probePeshawar school attack: Take me, spare the kids, says Nobel laureate Kailash Satyarthi to Taliban gunmen
Accusing Arvind Kejriwal-led Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) of diverting funds from NGOs of its leaders a day after the party raised Rs 50 lakh at a fundraiser here, Delhi Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) today called for a probe into such events even as AAP refuted the allegations and dared the saffron party to get it investigated.
“Due to lack of transparency, common man is wondering whether donation is being received at the rate of Rs 20,000 per plate or the funds of NGOs, which belonged to AAP leaders, are being diverted,” Delhi BJP general secretary Ramesh Bidhuri told reporters here.
The BJP leader also asked AAP to reveal the names of all the persons who had attended and donated for the party in such programmes.
He said a delegation of BJP leaders will soon meet Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley to seek a probe into these fund-raising programmes.
AAP refuted the allegations saying it had organised only a transparent fund-raising programme.
“AAP is proud of organsing such transparent fund-raising programme and we challege them to get it probed from Income Tax department and any authority concerned,” said an AAP spokesperson.
AAP had raised Rs 50 lakh at a fundraising lunch organised the party’s traders wing here yesterday, the entry fee for which was Rs 20,000.
In a similar event held in Mumbai last Thursday, the party had fetched Rs 91 lakh, taking the total to Rs 1.41 crore in just two such events.
More from miscellaneous

I have done no good work: CBI chief SinhaPeshawar school attack: Take me, spare the kids, says Nobel laureate Kailash Satyarthi to Taliban gunmen
“I have done no good work,” was how a visibly peeved CBI Director Ranjit Sinha today reacted with sarcasm on his two years at the agency’s helm, a tumultuous tenure that comes to an end tomorrow.
“I am not going to say anything. I have done no good work. Write what you want to write. Enough dirt has been thrown upon me,” he shot back at reporters who had asked him to sum up his tenure in CBI.
Sinha faced severe criticism of Supreme Court over probe in Coal and 2G scam.
When asked whether he was also planning to write a book on his experience on the lines of former CAG Vinod Rai, former Coal Secretary PC Parakh, Sinha said, “I will do whatever I have to do. I will not follow them.”
Sinha’s tenure at the top of CBI has seen highs like busting of some big bribery cases involving a Railway Board member, Chairman and Managing Director of a public sector Bank, Chief Executive Officer of Censor Board among others.
The lows involved criticism he faced from Supreme Court which asked him to step down from 2G probe, criticism from Special Court for shoddy probe in coal scam cases, sharing of status report in coal with the then Law Minister Ashwani Kumar after which agency received sobriquet of “caged parrot” from the apex court.
TAGS: CBI Ranjit Sinha
More from miscellaneous

This is a U-turn sarkar: CongressPointing fingers Congress leader Ajay Maken releasing a booklet in Delhi on Monday. PTI
We need time to undo your wrongs, retorts BJP
New Delhi, December 1:  
The Narendra Modi government does one U-turn a week, said the Congress while releasing a “charge-sheet” against the Centre here on Monday.
The BJP-led government retorted by saying the Congress has become an irresponsible opposition party struggling for its own existence.
Congress general secretary Ajay Maken told reporters, after releasing a booklet titled 6 Maheene Paar, U Turn Sarkar, that there are at least 25 instances to prove that the BJP changed its stand as a ruling party.
“This government has made 25 U-turns in the last around 180 days. That’s an average of one U-turn every seven to eight days,” he said.
When in the Opposition, the BJP had opposed the land swapping agreement with Bangladesh and insisted that operators should not be made responsible for nuclear damages, he pointed out.
Maken asked the BJP to explain the change of stand and apologise to the people for their ‘irresponsible opposition’ to the decisions taken by the Centre.
Corporate pressure
“Under pressure from the big companies the Centre is now going to amend the Civil Nuclear Liability Act,” he said, citing media reports.
Maken added that when the UPA government was trying to enter into an international agreement with the Bangladesh, the BJP had opposed it on legal and diplomatic grounds.
“Will (Finance Minister) Arun Jaitley tell the people now how the land swapping deal with Bangladesh has suddenly become legally and diplomatically tenable?” he asked.
He added that the government is consistently making U-turns on several issues. “This is a U-turn sarkar,” Maken said.
He added that on issues such as black money, relationship with China and Pakistan, Insurance Bill, alliance with the NCP, minimum government and probity and public life, the BJP did the exact opposite of what it had been preaching during the general election campaign.
Three characteristics
The Modi government stands out for three simple characteristics: U-turn on promises, mere renaming and plagiarising UPA’s programmes and schemes, and decisions that involve selling out national interests for the benefit of friendly corporate houses,” Maken said.
Parliamentary Affairs Minister Venkaiah Naidu ridiculed the stand of the Congress. He asked the party to have some patience and give some time for the government to work. He said the booklet has raised questions on the basis of some speeches.
“The Congress is out of focus, confused, panicked, worried about its relevance. Our government will deliver on all fronts,” he said.
The Minister further urged the Congress to do an introspection. “Leadership has come back, the governance has come back, confidence has come back,” he said about the NDA government.
“They have not learnt lessons from their (electoral) defeat. They are only trying to create some space in the media. They should get space for good things,” he said.
“Decades of Congress rule left India in a very bad shape. To expect miraculous changes in just six months would be unjust,” he added.
All for Aadhaar
Venkaiah said the Narendra Modi government will take forward some initiatives of the UPA government such as Aadhaar.
The Congress had given the slogan Garibi Hatao (Remove Poverty) in the early 1970s. “Did it increase or decrease poverty?” he asked.
“I want a constructive opposition. It has a space. We are ready to accommodate it,” he said.
(This article was published on December 1, 2014)
Related

Lufthansa pilots walkout yet again; flights to India affectedLufthansa pilots walkout yet again; flights to India affected
Our Bureau
List of cancelled Lufthansa flights at the Frankfurt airport. This is the ninth walkout by the pilots union, and will affect 1.5 lakh passengers. - REUTERS
New Delhi, December 1:  
German airline Lufthansa has cancelled its flights from Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore and Chennai to Frankfurt, and the the Delhi-Munich flight that were to operate on Monday night. The cancellations are due to a strike by a section of the airline’s pilots.
On Monday night the airline will operate only the Pune-Frankfurt and Mumbai-Munich flights from among its seven daily departures from India.
“All passengers are being accommodated on the Lufthansa group’s carriers SWISS and Austrian Airlines, which are not affected by the strike, or they are being transferred to flights of Star Alliance partners or other airlines,” the airline said in a statement.
Reuters reported that Lufthansa cancelled 1,350 flights, or 48 per cent of its scheduled services for Monday and Tuesday as its pilots prepared to go on strike, their ninth walkout this year. The pilots’ union, Vereinigung Cockpit (VC) called for the two-day strike, starting midday on Monday after talks over an early retirement scheme for pilots, developed decades ago, broke down late last week, Reuters added.
(This article was published on December 1, 2014)
Related

AAP  Congress blame police for failing to maintain communal harmonyDec 01, 2014 at 11:41pm IST
AAP, Congress blame police for failing to maintain communal harmony
10
0
New Delhi: The Aam Aadmi Party and the Congress on Monday accused the Delhi Police of failing to maintain communal harmony in the city after a blaze gutted a substantial part of St Sebastian's Church at northeast Delhi's Tahirpur area.
Both the parties have also demanded an impartial investigation into the incident in which the Christian community has suspected foul play. Police have registered a case under section 436 IPC (Mischief) on the complaint of the church authorities.
AAP Chief Arvind Kejriwal, who visited the site in the afternoon, expressed shock and charged the Delhi Police top brass of being unaware of the gravity of the situation.
Both the parties have also demanded an impartial investigation into the incident in which the Christian community has suspected foul play.
#delhi #aap #congress #church
"It is beyond any reasonable understanding that why the forensic team had not arrived on the spot of the incident even 12 hours after the incident had taken place," AAP said.
Delhi Congress President Arvinder Singh Lovely also visited the site accompanied by party leaders Haroon Yusuf and former MLA of the area Veer Singh Dhingan.
"The incident has stunned the people of Delhi who believe in peace and communal amity, and they are highly concerned about such incidents," the party said.
Demanding financial compensation for the reconstruction of the Church, Congress shot a letter to L-G Najeeb Jung requesting him to immediately visit the affected church.
Asking the administration to "allay all apprehensions about the incident", the AAP also requested the local residents to maintain calm and not allow spreading of "baseless rumours".
The party also blamed the administration of being passive in dealing with communal tension which it claimed "has seen a spurt in some parts of Delhi".
"There has been a spurt in communal tension in some parts of Delhi and the administration and police have been found to be passive in dealing with the situation," it said.
The blaze broke out at around 6:30 AM at the Church, with the Christian community suspecting foul play in the incident.
3

There was an international conspiracy involved behind Netaji s disappearence: Grand nephewHockey India suspends playing ties with Pakistan
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Should Centre reveal files releated to Netaji s disappearanceShould Centre reveal files releated to Netaji's disappearance?
CNN-IBN | Dec 01, 2014 at 11:16pm
The Prime Minister's Office on Monday refused to make public the files related to Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose's his grand nephew has said that this confirms that there was an international conspiracy surounding Bose's disappearance.
Hockey India suspends playing ties with Pakistan
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

India may set bigger climate change targets before Obama s R-Day visitIndia may set bigger climate change targets before Obama's R-Day visit
Nitin Sethi | New Delhi Dec 02, 2014 12:57 AM IST
In what could push the country into the same league as the US and China, India is likely to announce new, bigger and more effective climate change targets by the time US President Barack Obama comes here as chief guest for the Republic Day parade in January next year. The announcement is likely to include an ‘aspirational’ peaking year for India’s greenhouse gas emissions.
The move follows discussions in the government, led by the Prime Minister’s Office.
It is expected on Tuesday, the Union Cabinet will clear the final brief for the negotiating delegation to the Lima talks on climate change, led by environment minister Prakash Javadekar.
In 2010, India had committed to a 20-25 per cent cut in its carbon intensity by 2020, compared to the levels in 2005.
The process to make fresh and enhanced commitments to the international community was in the works for the past few months, with the government commissioning studies to assess and project India’s greenhouse gas emissions. The results of these studies are due in December. A joint US-China announcement has incentivised India to make an early announcement in this regard.
Though the announcements by the US and China weren’t seen as ambitious by the Indian government, these were appreciated for their political significance.
In a joint statement with the US, China had announced its greenhouse gas emissions were likely to peak around 2030 and fall subsequently. Developing countries, requiring more space for their developmental priorities, are expected by the global community to draw a lower-than-usual emission trajectory of their increasing emissions through the coming years and suggest a year by which their emissions will start falling in absolute terms, while developed countries are required to announce absolute emission cuts.
A source in the government said, “The consultations have begun for it. We should be able to narrow down on the nature of targets we should aspire to. It is likely to include an indicative year by which India’s emissions could peak, as well as a fresh target for lowering the economy’s carbon intensity.”
Another official Business Standard spoke to said the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government was looking at announcing a package that would include the ambitious solar power targets it was planning on the domestic front. This is expected to be further beefed up with indications of the extra efforts India will make under the energy efficiency mission. The mission is also being revamped.
“Confabulations are being held with various experts and ministries and discussions have also been held at the Prime Minister’s Office,” the official said.
India and all other countries are required to formally submit their ‘intended nationally determined contributions’, or INDCs, to the UN climate convention after March. These INDCs are meant to be the voluntarily and domestically determined action these countries will take to fight climate change under a new agreement to be signed in Paris in 2015.
As of now, it is unclear how these will be reviewed on the principles of common but differentiated responsibility and equity, or for adequacy to keep global temperatures within tolerable limits.
Even as more than half a dozen Indian delegates have flown to Lima, Javadekar is slated to travel to the Peruvian capital during the weekend for the second week of talks, which are led by ministers. It is expected he will get his red-lines for the coming negotiations cleared from the Cabinet on Tuesday. "The advantage with this NDA government taking a call on multilateral negotiations such as these is the sense of decisiveness right from the top," said an official on the Indian delegation. He was referring to the differences that remained entrenched between different key personalities in the United Progressive Alliance government on climate change, leading to changes in its international stance through the years.
The discussions for the big announcement by Prime Minister Narendra Modi will take several more rounds of discussions between relevant ministries and experts, government sources said. They added these should be ready for announcement around the time Obama visited the national capital.
A GIANT LEAP
India likely to announce an indicative greenhouse gas emissions peaking year by January, when US President Obama visits Delhi; the discussions are being led by the Prime Minister's Office
 
Targets could include emission intensity numbers
 
Indicative solar power targets and energy efficiency targets could also be bundled in
 
New emission profile studies commissioned by government to be in place by December
 
Announcement will then lead to formal submission of 'intended nationally determined contributions' to the UN Climate Convention for the Paris 2015 agreement

RBI sucks out liquidity of over Rs 2.5 lakh-cr in NovRBI sucks out liquidity of over Rs 2.5 lakh-cr in Nov
Neelasri Barman | Mumbai Dec 02, 2014 12:50 AM IST
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) sucked out liquidity of Rs 2.5 lakh-crore in November.
It did so using various tools — variable reverse repo, daily reverse repo, open market operations (OMO) sale of government bonds and cash management bills.
In a situation when the central bank is fighting inflation, excess liquidity can lead to pressures which the central bank does not want. Currency dealers say most of this liquidity was added due to the central bank's intervention in the foreign exchange market, where RBI was buying dollars through state-run banks.
“RBI wants to maintain tighter bias in the monetary policy. When there is ample liquidity, it creates pressure for interest rates to fall. This time, the credit demand is weak, too. In such a scenario, if there is so much liquidity in the system without genuine investment demand, that leads to inflationary pressures,” said Rupa Rege Nitsure, chief economist and general manager, Bank of Baroda.
In November the rupee had weakened by 1.1 per cent and currency dealers say most of this was due to state-run banks absorbing the dollar flows which were attracted by domestic markets.
“In the recent period, the rupee has been weakening and that is because the central bank continues to buy dollars to boost its reserves. Naturally, to absorb the rupee liquidity, RBI has been using various instruments,” said the head of treasury of a state-run bank.
Indian markets attracted flows from foreign institutional investors worth Rs 25,897 crore in November compared with Rs 18,345 crore the previous month.
“State-run banks were buying dollars on behalf of RBI. The buying was particularly more in the last week of November and as a result, the rupee breached the 62 mark on Friday,” said a currency trader of a leading treasury risk consulting firm.
Not all of the liquidity was added due to RBI’s dollar buying. “At the start of November, there was bond maturity which added to a liquidity injection worth Rs 46,000 crore. To suck this out, the cash management bills auction was held,” said Ashutosh Khajuria, president (treasury), Federal Bank.
RBI data show foreign exchange reserves fell by $672.4 million for the week ending November 21 to $314.88 billion. Currency dealers said the fall was probably due to revaluation of foreign exchange and not dollar sales by the central bank. RBI has been building reserves to prepare for the challenges when the US Federal Reserve begins raising interest rates in 2015.
It is broadly expected that there will be outflows from emerging markets, such as India, when this happens.

http://usat.ly/1y3C6BuFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Stocks end lower as oil price rebounds
The Dow Jones industrial average, S&P 500 and Nasdaq composite ended down by 0.3%, 0.7% and 1.3%, respectively.
Post to Facebook
Stocks end lower as oil price rebounds The Dow Jones industrial average, S&P 500 and Nasdaq composite ended down by 0.3%, 0.7% and 1.3%, respectively. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1y3C6Bu
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks end lower as oil price rebounds
Kim Hjelmgaard , USA TODAY 4:38 p.m. EST December 1, 2014
Video Keywords Dow Jones Industrial Average Federal Reserve Alabama FaceBook
Santa Claus is not something you associate with the stock market, but that’s exactly one of the things on investors’ minds as we head into December. Video by Jason Allen and Kaveh Rezaei
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:05  You might not associate Santa Claus with a stock market
00:08  that Walsh Richard does. I'm John Wagoner and this is America's
00:11  markets. December's the second month and historically strong period for stocks
00:16  and the second best month for Dow Jones Industrial Average the
00:19  past half century. It's also in the Santa Claus rally takes
00:22  place this seven sessions spurt that begins at the end of
00:25  December has delivered gains every year since 2009. Even though the
00:30  market is already racked up an impressive performances at record levels.
00:33  Odds are good for the rally to continue because the Federal
00:36  Reserve isn't likely to change its easy many ways until wages
00:39  pick up. Something that's not gonna happen for awhile. If recent
00:43  patterns persist home builders will be one of the best performing
00:46  industry sectors as 2014 closes out. And small company stocks could
00:51  prosper as investors try to get ahead of the group's traditional
00:54  January rally. Technology stocks which offense sputter about now. Could bucked
00:59  that trend thanks momentum in big games like apple and FaceBook
01:02  and the lingering buzz from the initial public offerings of the
01:05  likes of Alabama and go pro. Exchange traded funds that invest
01:09  in retailers offer way to play. Important shopping season trends this
01:13  year but if you're thinking about buying and mutual fund this
01:15  month think again he's also get hit with an unnecessary tax
Traders on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
19 CONNECT 97 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks fell Monday — the Nasdaq taking a 1%-plus pounding — as the price of oil pulled out of a free fall.
The Dow Jones industrial average, S&P 500 and Nasdaq composite ended down by 0.3%, 0.7% and 1.3%, respectively. The blue-chip Dow settled at 17,776.80, a loss of 51 points.
The price of a barrel of crude oil on the New York Mercantile Exchange is up 4.9% to $69.48, after taking a huge 10% plunge Friday.

Automobile industry sees signs of recoveryAutomobile industry sees signs of recovery
Banks employees to go on relay zonal strike from todayBanks employees to go on relay zonal strike from today
Teenager commits live online suicide in Chinaprint
A teenager in southwest China's Sichuan province committed suicide while broadcasting live on his microblog, a Chinese Twitter-like service.
The youth, Zeng, was found unconscious in his house by police on Sunday afternoon and taken to hospital where he died.
Prior to his suicide, he had posted dozens of microblogs, expressing depression and loneliness.
"I decided to leave the world after deep consideration, don't persuade me to live. I just hope it won't be too painful," Xinhua quoted a typical post as stating.
He prepared himself with hypnotic drugs, tapes and coal for suicide then took the drugs and burned the coal on Sunday morning.
"I cannot save myself any more as the drugs took effect and I lost strength completely... "wrote his last microblog.
Police started to search for him after tip-offs.
"He told me that he fell in love with a girl online, but he was not sure whether she loved him,"  Zeng's grandmother said."His parents were divorced when he was two years old and he lived with his mother. However, some years later, his mother remarried. So he has since lived with me."
"I love you, but I'm sorry, I will disappear quickly," Zeng wrote before his death.
During the process, many tried to persuade Zeng not to do it, but to no avail. Others criticised him as an attention seeker.
"The process lasted for more than four hours, but it's regrettable that we failed to save him," said a netizen.
There have been several similar cases in China.
"Such cases have a negative impact on society, especially those young men who have psychological problems. They may follow suit," said Zhang Mingsuo, a sociology professor at Zhengzhou University in central China's Henan Province.
"The government should take timely measures to reduce such tragedies. Schools and communities should also provide psychological consulting to help prevent suicide attempts," he said.

Maoist attack kills 14 CRPF personnel in ChhattisgarhMaoist attack kills 14 CRPF personnel in Chhattisgarh
Ejaz Kaiser/Rajesh Ahuja , Hindustan Times  Raipur/New Delhi, December 01, 2014
First Published: 17:52 IST(1/12/2014) | Last Updated: 08:15 IST(2/12/2014)
Comments
At least 14 Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) personnel were killed and about a dozen wounded in an encounter with Maoists near Chintagufa in Chhattisgarh’s Sukma district on Monday, the biggest loss of lives in anti-Maoist operations after the NDA government assumed charge in May.
Security forces were deep inside the forests about 450 km from state capital Raipur, when Maoist gunmen attacked them, using villagers as shields, officials said. The CRPF launched a special operation on November 16 to corner the First Battalion of the CPI (Maoist)’s Dandakaranya Special Zonal Committee who have a stronghold in the area.
"Fourteen jawans have died in the ambush," additional director general (anti-Maoist operation) Rajinder Kumar Vij told HT. The dead included two officers.
The death toll is likely to go up with security forces unable to carry out rescue operations in the firing that went on until late evening. “We have to wait till Tuesday morning to take out the injured personnel and the bodies from the remote forested terrain,” Vij added.
Union home minister Rajnath Singh, who will visit Chhattisgarh on Tuesday to assess the situation, condemned the attack, calling it a dastardly act of violence. “It is an act of cowardice,’ he said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi also tweeted about the incident: “Words are not enough to condemn the brutal and inhuman attack by anti-national elements in Sukma, Chhattisgarh.”
Words are not enough to condemn the brutal & inhuman attack by anti-national elements in Sukma, Chhattisgarh.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 1, 2014
I salute the courageous CRPF personnel who have been martyred today. Our thoughts are with the families of those who lost their loved ones.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 1, 2014
Around half a dozen CRPF personnel were wounded in another encounter in the same area on November 21 and insurgents also fired at an Indian Air Force (IAF) helicopter that had come to carry the wounded.
“When an IAF chopper came to pick the injured, it was also fired upon…  This time, when the encounter started in the morning, Maoists used villagers as human shields,” said a senior CRPF officer.
Maoist guerillas, claiming to fight for the rights of tribal communities and landless farmers, often engage in gunfights with government forces in the forested and hilly terrains of central and east India and have a presence in 16 of Chhattisgarh’s 27 districts, including Sukma.
The CRPF is also without a chief after former director general Dilip Trivedi retired on Sunday.
“Why this adhocism when daily operations are on against Maoists?” a counter-insurgency official said, requesting anonymity. “The government could have appointed Trivedi’s successor at least two weeks before his retirement so that he would have known where his men are fighting.”
Meanwhile, the security forces in Bastar zone have been put on high alert following the Maoist’s observation of Peoples Liberation of Guerrillas Army (PGLA) week from Tuesday (December 2-8).   

NE connect: PM promises 14 railway linksPrime Minister Narendra Modi wrapped up his three-day visit to the northeast on Monday with a major connectivity package that includes new railway lines worth Rs. 28,000 crore and Rs. 5,000-crore for 2G mobile coverage.
 
He also dedicated to the country the second unit of the 726MW gas-based Palatana power plant in Tripura, which he underscored as the outcome of a bilateral cooperation (with Bangladesh) that SAARC countries should emulate.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, clad in Naga tribal costume, poses with a tribal Naga spear and a traditional machete (dao) during the inauguration of the Hornbill Festival at Kisama in the outskirts of Kohima. (AFP Photo)
At Kisama, his first stop near Nagaland capital Kohima to inaugurate the Hornbill Festival, Modi unveiled the NDA’s connectivity plans for the region and said the centre has earmarked Rs. 53,000-crore for development in the northeast. This includes 14 railway lines, improvement of the power network and boost for the tourism sector.
“Northeast is a natural economy zone… This is the best destination for tourists. But for tourism, we need road, rail and air connectivity.” Modi said, while promising better digital connectivity, a national sports university in Manipur to tap the region’s sporting talent and six new agriculture colleges since “the northeast could be India’s organic capital”.
Part of the development budget for the region was for improving power supply in six states including Nagaland, Modi said. “We have sanctioned `5,000-crore for ensuring uninterrupted power for the Northeast.”
From Nagaland, Modi flew to Tripura to inaugurate unit 2 of the Rs. 10,000-crore Palatana plant, a joint venture between ONGC and Tripura government that would generate power for the northeastern states besides contributing to the national grid.
 
He used the occasion to laud his Bangladesh counterpart Sheikh Hasina for facilitating the transport of the plant’s machinery through her country. “Such cooperation between two countries is a message for the entire Saarc region,” he said, offering to sell 100MW of power to Dhaka.
A strong Bangladeshi delegate attended the inauguration of Palatana, 60 km from Tripura capital Agartala.
Modi also recounted Tripura’s assistance to the people of Bangladesh during their independence struggle in 1971. Bangladesh’s liberation is a cause of heartburn for Pakistan, which stalled some connectivity agreements at the Saarc summit in Kathmandu last month.
The PM further assured Tripura chief minister Manik Sarkar that the centre would take up his suggestions for setting up a gas-based urea fertilizer plant and a petro-chemical hub in the Northeast.

Government annuls Mallya s selection as Kingfisher MDGovernment annuls Mallya s selection as Kingfisher MD
Gold imports at 41-month high in NovGold imports at 41-month high in Nov
World AIDS Day 2014: History  Top 10 Must Read FactsWorld AIDS Day 2014: History  Top 10 Must Read Facts
PRECIOUS-Gold dips after overnight surge  but holds above $1 200PRECIOUS-Gold dips after overnight surge  but holds above $1 200
Centre to collect Rs 10k cr as additional coal levyCentre to collect Rs 10k cr as additional coal levy
Crude Joke: Fuel price cut not as steep as g...Brent crude
(Brent crude has dropped…)
NEW DELHI: Oil consumers have so far got only a fraction of the steep fall in crude prices.
Brent crude has dropped about 40% since June, but the price of petrol, diesel, jet fuel and commercial LPG have fallen barely 8%-17%. Prices are down 17% for commercial cooking gas, 14% for aviation turbine fuel (ATF), 11% for petrol, and 8% for diesel.
Executives of state-run oil firms said the price movement of international crude oil and global petroleum products are often not same. International crude prices fall faster than global prices of petroleum products on which domestic retail prices of petrol, diesel, ATF and cooking gas are based, they said.
State oil marketing companies have slashed non-subsidised cooking gas prices by Rs 113 per cylinder and ATF by Rs 2,594.93 per kiloliter from Monday. On Sunday, companies slashed petrol rates by 91 paise per litre in the seventh consecutive cut in four months. Diesel prices fell by 84 paise, which is the third price cut since October 18.
Petrol pump dealers and gas agencies suspected that state oil companies are keeping some margin or the government is using that price cushion to reduce their fiscal burden.
According to government and industry sources, oil companies did not cut petrol and diesel rates in mid-November despite the Centre mopping up Rs 1.5 per litre from petrol and diesel to meet its fiscal deficit target. So far, the government is able to reduce its fuel subsidy burden to below Rs 50,000 crore, sources said. "Pricing of petroleum products are not very transparent and the government should allow an independent regulator to fix and monitor prices, especially when state refiners have near monopoly on sale of auto fuels," a senior executive of a private sector oil company said.
Industry officials say an independent regulator should monitor fuel prices.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RBI may hold rates  sounding dovish to sooth...RBI seen holding rates, sounding dovish to soothe government
Reuters Dec 2, 2014, 03.41AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(Forty-one of 45 economists…)
MUMBAI: The Reserve Bank of India is expected to keep interest rates unchanged on Tuesday, staying focused on containing inflation, while adopting a more dovish tone in response to the government's call for help to revive economic growth.
Forty-one of 45 economists saw the RBI keeping the repo rate at 8.00 per cent at its policy review, while four expected a reduction of 25 basis points.
Most think the RBI will wait until February or April to ease rates, despite sharply lower inflation.
Limp economic growth during Prime Minister Narendra Modi's first six months in power, however, has caused unease in government quarters, raising some calls for an early reduction.
Officials told Reuters last week that Finance Minister Arun Jaitley would press RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan for a cut in rates when they held a customary meeting before the central bank's policy review. There was no official confirmation whether that meeting had taken place.
Data released on Friday may have helped Rajan ward off pressure for a rate cut, as a slowdown in economic growth was not as bad as earlier feared.
"A rate cut now would be premature and inconsistent with Rajan's earlier comments," said A. Prasanna, economist at ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Ltd.
"If they were to cut rates now, RBI would risk inflation surprising down the line and the associated loss of credibility."
Helped by tumbling oil prices, India's annual consumer price inflation slowed to 5.52 per cent in October, sharply down from a peak of 11.16 per cent struck in November last year.
Rajan has said that he will not hold rates for longer than needed. But analysts say that the central bank governor remains wary of factors outside his control, like volatile oil prices, even with the inflation rate running below the RBI's target of 6 per cent inflation by January 2016.
India is struggling to emerge from its slowest phase of economic growth since the 1980s. Friday's data showed year-on-year growth slipped to 5.3 per cent in the July-September quarter, down from 5.7 per cent in the previous quarter.
India needs far faster growth to create jobs for all the young people joining its workforce in coming years.
While holding the tiller steady, Rajan will have to strike a balance to avoid alienating senior government figures, as there is a discussion expected before the budget announcement in February to agree on a new monetary policy framework.
The government is also expected to amend the RBI Act to incorporate a monetary policy committee that gives voting rights to officials both within and outside the central bank.
FEATURED ARTICLES

InMobi raises $5 mn  looks to woo more inves...You are here: Home > Collections > Softbank
InMobi raises $5 million from SoftBank, looks to woo more investors
Krithika Krishnamurthy, ET Bureau Dec 2, 2014, 05.41AM IST
Tags:
inMobi
(The focus for the Bangalore-based…)
BENGALURU: Mobile ad network InMobi has raised $5 million (Rs 31 crore) from its high-profile investor SoftBank, with the Japanese company promising another $25 million if new investors come on board, three people familiar with the matter said.
The focus for the Bangalore-based company is to become profitable to attract new investors, as it also aims to make an initial public offering in the next two years. "Talks with new investors are on, but the company is looking to hit profitability in two months," said one of the people.
Manish Dugar, who heads the finance and legal division at InMobi, said Soft-Bank's investment had come four months ago and the amount was "significantly higher" than $5 million.
"SoftBank has said that if new investors come in, they would like to make a pro-rata investment to maintain their stake," said Dugar, even as he denied any specific conditions that the Internet and telecom giant has put in to invest more money. "It is for us to decide whether we want the money or not from SoftBank," he said, adding that the company would go for an initial public offering in oneand-half to two years.
SoftBank, which owns one-third of In-Mobi, did not respond to an email seeking comment.
While $5 million may not be a large sum, it could be a necessary step to getting newer investors on the board, say experts. "If a large investor like SoftBank is not excited about the business prospect, it becomes a big signaling issue for newer ones," said an investment banker who did not wish to be identified. "It is better than not having anything." But InMobi says things are looking bright after all.
"We have never been as close to profitability as we were in October — we were almost breaking even," said Dugar, who joined the company in June last year. "Our November financials are looking amazingly good."
The mobile ad network had earlier told ET that it was likely to hit profitability in November and December on a month-onmonth basis. It signed up five customers in October who will annually contribute $35 million in run rate — a metric that uses the most recent data to estimate future performance. SoftBank has recently been on a shopping spree in India. With $10 billion at its disposal, it pumped in $627 million in Snapdeal and $210 million in taxi-hailing firm Ola Cabs.
InMobi had raised $15.1 million from Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Ram Shriram's Sherpalo Ventures in two rounds in 2008 and 2010. SoftBank followed that up with a $200 million round in 2011.
The seven-year-old company, which started as mobile-search engine mKhoj , now has an outreach to 872 million unique devices around the world.
Over the last three years, the company has evolved to better target its ads in different formats such as banner, video and native. Over the past few months it has also rolled out a slew of products aimed at engaging deeply with developers and advertisers alike.
Dugar said the company was looking at a valuation which was much larger than $1 billion. Currently, InMobi's board comprises representatives from the three investors and two cofounders. Jaswinder "JP" Singh, faculty at Princeton University, represents Sherpalo Ventures, while Atsushi Taira represents SoftBank and Michael Abbott represents Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield and Byers. From the founders' side, CEO Naveen Tewari occupies a permanent seat while the remaining three co-founders - Amit Gupta, Mohit Saxena and Abhay Singhal - occupy the fifth seat on a rotational basis.
The profit margin for an ad network is usually around 15-20%, according to International Market Analysis Research and Consulting Group.
"They have reached their peak. Unless they want to continue on that streak, they need to do something more and diversify," said Neha Dharia, research analyst at Ovum. Dugar said revenue over the last three years has grown nine times and the company has managed to cut down costs by bringing in a lot of automation of process and adjusting people by location. "We are currently at a run rate of $1.5 million a day and we aspire to reach $2 million by the time we reach December," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jewellery shares gain on easing gold import normsJewellery shares surge on easing of gold import norms
Biswajit Baruah, ET Bureau Dec 2, 2014, 07.17AM IST
Tags:
Gitanjali Gems
(Reflecting the mood, shares…)
MUMBAI: Shares of jewellery companies surged up to 20% on Monday after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) eased gold import norms in a bid to curb smuggling of the yellow metal. The government last Friday had scrapped the 80:20 rule on gold import, which mandated that a fifth of the gold imported must be exported.
Reflecting the mood, shares of Gitanjali Gems, Tribhovandas Bhimji, PC Jeweller, Titan and others drew a lot of investor interest with the wedding season in sight, while analysts expect re-rating in the earnings of these companies in the days to come.
"The government's decision to scrap the 80:20 scheme appears to be driven by the improved current account deficit (CAD) position, lower crude prices and concerns over increased level of gold smuggling.
We believe this will increase gold supply in the domestic market and reduce the premium paid on it. We believe the scrapping is a positive move," said Bharat Chhoda, analyst at ICICI Securities.
India accounted for 25% of global demand last year but the interest petered out after the government imposed curbs to narrow down the current account deficit (CAD) and check a slump in the currency. The government had imposed the 80:20 norm for gold imports in August 2013, which restricted gold supply and resulted in premium on gold rising sharply.
For Indian gold buyers looking for bargains ahead of the wedding season, the scrapping of import curbs couldn't have come at a better time. Analysts are also predicting a surge in demand for gold jewellery companies on Dalal Street.
"The margins of jewellery companies are likely to increase in the coming quarters. Some of the jewellery stocks look interesting as they are trading at attractive valuations," said Vinod Nair, head of fundamental research at Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services.
The participation of jewellery stocks in the current rally has been mixed. Shares such as PC Jeweller, Rajesh Exports, Titan and others have rallied up to 175%, whereas companies like Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri, Gitanjali Gems managed to gain up to 35% during this period. The ET Midcap Index rallied 69% during this time.
"In sharp contrast to reports that policymakers were considering more gold restrictions, the RBI announcement was the exact opposite.
This move is in the right direction as it removes distortions and indicates that policymakers are becoming more confident on the external sector outlook," said Sonal Varma, economist at Nomura.
"Gold imports will rise by $8 billion annually, but this will be offset by the savings due to lower oil price as every $10 fall in oil prices will lower the oil import bill by around $9 billion," Varma added.
Gold futures fell by as much as 2% to $1,142 an ounce on Monday, while the yellow metal has dropped 2.3% in 2014 after slumping 28% last year, the most since 1981.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Veritas Research winds up India biz; Cites loss of reputation due to FIRsYou are here: Home > Collections > Firs
Veritas Investment Research winds up India business; Cites loss of reputation due to FIRs
Rajesh Mascarenhas, ET Bureau Dec 2, 2014, 07.12AM IST
Tags:
FIR
(Canada-based stock research…)
MUMBAI: Veritas Investment Research Corporation, the Canada-based stock research firm best known for its scathing reports, has discontinued all its research on Indian companies.
The firm disclosed this in a suit filed before Ontario Superior Court of Justice in Canada claiming $11 million damages from Indiabulls Real Estate and Indiabulls Housing Finance. Indiabulls had filed FIRs in Mumbai and Gurgaon in August 2012 against Veritas and its two analysts who, in a report, had accused the realty and financial services group of sacrificing corporate governance practices to enrich key shareholders.
In the suit filed by Veritas, the firm alleged that officers of the Indiabulls Real Estate and Indiabulls Housing Finance who affirmed the FIRs worked closely with and actively assisted law enforcement authorities and the crown prosecutor in the early stages of the criminal proceedings. This was followed by Veritas' decision to discontinue the India research services.
"Indiabulls Real Estate and Indiabulls Housing Finance procured the commencement of the criminal proceedings in India with the objective of harming them (i.e. Veritas and its analysts) by preventing or discouraging them from continuing to provide the India research services," said the law suit. "Veritas lost its existing clients for the India research services and significant numbers of prospective clients and suffered substantial business and reputational harm and loss of revenue from what would have been a highly successful business," said Veritas.
On August 8, 2012, Indiabulls filed an FIR against Veritas and its two India born analysts - Neeraj Monga and Nitin Mangal - who authored the report on Indiabulls, with the Gurgaon police and next day with the Mumbai police.
Two years later, last Tuesday, Nitin Mangal surrendered before a Haryana court.
In its lawsuit, Veritas said that despite assuring full co-operation with Indian police or authorities under the India-Canada mutual legal assistance treaty, Indian legal authorities never made any formal request for Canadian legal assistance nor made any meaningful progress in the criminal proceeding against them in India.
On October 30, 2012, Neeraj Monga had sent a mail to Sebi chairman, requesting his intervention following FIRs filed by Indiabulls. Sebi didn't respond to his mail. An e-mail sent to Sebi in this regard did not elicit any response."
Royal Canadian Mounted Police informed me though a letter dated September 25, 2013 that Indian authorities are not co-operating with them on this matter," said Amit Dube, one of the lawyers representing Nitin Mangal.
In October this year, the Delhi High Court, responding to a petition filed by Indiabulls, restrained Veritas from proceeding with the suit in Canada till the case is next heard. The case will now come up for hearing in February 2015. In its petition, Indiabulls alleged that the report published by Veritas was false, misleading, based on concoctions, and defamatory in nature.
They said Veritas had never spoken to them nor verified any facts, figures and data and as a result, the stock price of the Indiabulls companies declined sharply, causing huge loss to the shareholders and the company. Indiabulls also alleged that Monga, Mangal, and Veritas had indulged in extortion and blackmailing.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Asia Stocks Rise as Crude Oil Rebound Brings ReliefYou are here: Home Market
Asia Stocks Rise as Crude Oil Rebound Brings Relief
Reuters | Updated On: December 02, 2014 07:20 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Tokyo: Asian equities gained on Tuesday as a rebound in the crude oil price gave resource-related sectors a breather, but Tokyo shares bucked the trend and slipped as the yen's losing streak was tempered.
Crude oil held to a swathe of gains after rebounding sharply overnight from five-year lows. The bounce in oil and other commodities was a good omen for currencies such as the Canadian and Australian dollars and also helped gold to bounce back. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was up 0.2 per cent. Australian shares gained 0.6 per cent.
Tokyo's Nikkei shed 0.4 per cent. Japanese equities and government bonds mostly shrugged off a downgrade of Japan's sovereign debt rating by Moody's on Monday.
The rating agency downgraded Japan by one notch to A1 from Aa3, citing rising uncertainty over the country's ability to hit its debt-reduction goal. The downgrade came just after Japanese premier Shinzo Abe opted to postponed an increase in sales tax intended to tackle Japan's debt burden.
"It can be said that the sales tax delay had gained the support of the international community as it was meant to help the economy amid a slowdown, and the downgrade is unlikely to change such views," said Masafumi Yamamoto, a market strategist at Praevidentia Strategy in Tokyo.
"As for Japanese government bonds (JGBs), which are more directly impacted by downgrades, any effect is likely to be temporary thanks to the Bank of Japan's quantitative easing. Past downgrades have also had little impact on JGBs," he said.
JGB 10-year futures were down 0.12 point at 146.78 but still within striking distance of a record high 146.96 hit on Monday.
The dollar dipped 0.1 per cent to 118.285 yen. In turbulent trade immediately after Moody's downgrade of Japan the greenback jumped to a seven-year high of 119.15 but its gains were pared.
The Canadian dollar rose to C$1.1327 per dollar from a one-month low of C$1.1459 and the Aussie shot back above 85 US cents, pulling away from a 4-1/2 year low of $0.8417.
US crude oil was down 0.8 per cent at $68.40 a barrel, after posting a 4 per cent rise overnight from a five-year low of $63.72 in a squeeze on bearish positions.
Gold, beaten down after Switzerland on Sunday voted against a proposal to boost gold reserves, also held on to gains after rebounding sharply on spillover support from the bounce in oil.
Spot gold was little changed at 1,205.40 an ounce after gaining 3.7 per cent the previous day.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

 Wall Street Falls in Broad Decline; Apple StumblesYou are here: Home Market
Wall Street Falls in Broad Decline; Apple Stumbles
Reuters | Updated On: December 02, 2014 07:26 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
New York: US stocks fell in a broad decline on Monday, with the S&P 500 suffering its biggest one-day drop in more than a month, as economic data indicated weakness across the globe and the holiday shopping season got off to a tepid start.
The day's losses were broad, with eight of the ten primary S&P 500 sectors lower on the day. Industrials were the day's biggest decliners, pressured by manufacturing data that still pointed to sluggish demand.
Apple Inc was one of the biggest weights on the session, falling 3.2 per cent to $115.07 in its biggest one-day decline since September. It tumbled shortly after the open in its largest one-minute volume in more than a month in what some traders deemed a "mini-flash crash."
Growth in the US manufacturing sector slowed for a third straight month in November, decelerating to its most sluggish since January, according to Markit. The ISM report also showed a slowing pace of growth, though it was stronger than expected.
Manufacturing growth across Asia and Europe eased last month as heavy price cuts failed to revive demand. General Electric Co fell 1.8 per cent to $26.02.
"We're watching growth struggle, especially outside the United States," said Mark Martiak, senior wealth strategist at Premier Wealth/First Allied Securities in New York. "Investors may be overly complacent."
Early holiday promotions and online shopping took a toll on in-store US sales during the Thanksgiving weekend as shoppers on average spent 6.4 per cent less than they did a year earlier, according to data released Sunday by an industry group. The S&P 500 retail index fell 1.5 per cent while Target Corp lost 1.7 per cent to $72.75.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 51.44 points, or 0.29 per cent, to 17,776.9, the S&P 500 lost 14.12 points, or 0.68 per cent, to 2,053.44 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 64.28 points, or 1.34 per cent, to 4,727.35.
Despite Monday's decline, equities have been strong of late, with major indexes hitting multiple records last week and closing out a sixth straight week of gains.
Energy stocks were a bright spot on the day, up 0.7 per cent alongside a 4.8 per cent surge in crude oil, which rebounded from a massive drop of more than 10 per cent on Friday. The S&P energy index remains the weakest sector of 2014, down almost 10 per cent.
Exxon Mobil Corp rose 2 per cent to $92.35, while Chevron Corp was up 2.6 per cent to $111.73. Both stocks limited the Dow's decline.
NYSE decliners outnumbered advancers 2,410 to 693, for a 3.48-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 2,133 issues fell and 602 advanced, for a 3.54-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 105 new 52-week highs and 25 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 103 new highs and 155 new lows.
About 7 billion shares traded on all US platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

IMF s Lagarde Says Lower Oil to Boost Global EIMF s Lagarde Says Lower Oil to Boost Global E
Networth Stock Broking: Outcome of board meetingDec 01, 2014, 09.38 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Networth Stock Broking: Outcome of board meeting
Networth Stock Broking in its meeting held on December 01, 2014, considered the matters appointed Mr. Vaibhav Shah as an Additional Executive Director of the Company for a period of one year w.e.f. December 01, 2014, subject to approval of members in the Annual General Meeting of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Networth Stock Broking: Outcome of board meeting
Networth Stock Broking in its meeting held on December 01, 2014, considered the matters appointed Mr. Vaibhav Shah as an Additional Executive Director of the Company for a period of one year w.e.f. December 01, 2014, subject to approval of members in the Annual General Meeting of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Networth Stock Broking Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 01, 2014, inter alia, considered the following matters:1. Appointed Mr. Vaibhav Shah as an Additional Executive Director of the Company for a period of one year w.e.f. December 01, 2014, subject to approval of members in the Annual General Meeting of the Company.2. Appointed Mr. Mayukh Pandya and Mr. Shailesh Desai as an Additional Independent Directors of the Company for a period of five years w.e.f. December 01, 2014 upto November 30, 2019, subject to approval of members in the Annual General Meeting of the Company.3. Accepted resignation of Mr. Randhir Singh Sisodiya, Executive Director, Mr. Sanjay Motta, Mr. Mohit Agrawal and Mr. Praveen Toshniwal, Independent Directors from the Directorship of the Company w.e.f. closing hours of December 01, 2014.These appointments and resignations are subject to the necessary approval of regulatory authorities.Source : BSE

IMF says lower oil prices positive for global economyDec 02, 2014, 08.02 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
IMF says lower oil prices positive for global economy
World oil prices are down 40 percent since June, largely on abundant supply. OPEC also declined last week to cut production to bolster prices, sending Brent crude prices to a five-year low this week.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
IMF says lower oil prices positive for global economy
World oil prices are down 40 percent since June, largely on abundant supply. OPEC also declined last week to cut production to bolster prices, sending Brent crude prices to a five-year low this week.
Post your opinion here
 
Falling oil prices are positive for the global economy as a whole, though they may hurt individual commodity exporters, IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde said on Monday.
"Assuming we have a 30 percent decline (in oil prices), it's likely to be an additional 0.8 percent (in economic growth) for most advanced economies, because all of them are importers of oil," Lagarde said, mentioning the United States, Europe, Japan and China in particular.
World oil prices are down 40 percent since June, largely on abundant supply. OPEC also declined last week to cut production to bolster prices, sending Brent crude prices to a five-year low this week.
But Lagarde warned falling crude prices were hitting some oil exporters particularly hard, especially Russia, Iran, Venezuela and Nigeria, leaving their economies vulnerable.
"All countries that will be affected significantly by the decline in the oil price, which are producers of oil, I think should be under watch," Lagarde said at a Wall Street Journal conference. "Venezuela is clearly one ... where it could be difficult."
The South American member of OPEC derives 96 percent of its export revenues from oil, so the drop in prices has hit exacerbated a national economic decline, a foreign currency shortage and a scarcity of basic goods.
RELATED NEWS

Jharkhand Assembly polls Live: Voting on 20 tribal districts underwayElection Commission says over 64% voting in 20 seats of Jharkhand in the 2nd phase of Assembly elections
IBNLive.com | Dec 02, 2014 at  06:23pm IST
In Jharkhand, former chief ministers Arjun Munda and Madhu Koda and three ministers are among 223 candidates, including 35 women, contesting from 20 seats - 16 of them reserved for tribals. Jharkhand has an 81-member Assembly.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

As Ranjit Sinha retires  next CBI Director likely to be announced todayDec 02, 2014 at  07:58am IST
As Ranjit Sinha retires, next CBI Director likely to be announced today
31
0
New Delhi: As CBI chief Ranjit Sinha retires on Tuesday, a high powered committee of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Leader of Congress in Lok Sabha Mallikarjuna Kharge and Chief Justice of India HL Dattu will meet to decide on a new officer to head country's premier investigating agency.
Amongst the main contenders for the top post is Rajasthan DGP Omendra Bharadwaj and Special Secretary in Union Home Ministry Prakash Mishra. Kerala Police Chief K S Balasubramaniam is also in the race.
The names of the contenders for the next CBI chief had reached the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) on Monday for approval. It is for the first time that a PM-led panel is choosing the next CBI chief.
It is for the first time that a PM-led panel is choosing the next CBI chief.
The current chief of CBI Ranjit Sinha is retiring after heading one of the most controversial tenures in the history of the federal investigative agency.
12

Another Level to make comeback after 14 yearsAnother Level to make comeback after 14 years
LPG rate cut by Rs 113  jet fuel prices by 4.1 pctCBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case
Price of non-subsidised cooking gas (LPG) was today cut by a steep Rs 113 per cylinder and that of jet fuel (ATF) by 4.1 per cent as international oil rates slumped to multi-year lows.
A 14.2-kg cylinder of non-subsidised LPG will now cost Rs 752, down from Rs 865 previously, in Delhi, oil companies announced today.
This is the fifth straight reduction in rates of non-subsidised or market priced LPG, which the customers buy after exhausting their quota of 12 cylinders at subsidised rates, since August.
In five monthly reduction, non-domestic LPG rates have been slashed by Rs 170.5 per cylinder, bringing the price at three-year lows.
On similar lines, the price of aviation turbine fuel (ATF), or jet fuel, at Delhi was cut by Rs 2,594.93 per kilolitre, or 4.1 per cent, to Rs 59,943 per kl. This is the fifth straight monthly reduction in rates.
This reduction follows a steep 7.3 pr cent or Rs 4,987.7 per kl, cut in prices on November 1.
Since August, ATF prices have been cut by 14.5 per cent or Rs 10,218.76 per kl and rates have dipped below Rs 60,000 per kl level for the first time in three years.
Brent, the benchmark grade for more than half of the world’s oil, have dropped to USD 68.34 a barrel, the lowest level since October 2009. Prices declined 18 per cent last month and are 38 per cent lower in 2014.
In Mumbai, jet fuel will cost Rs 61,695 per kl from today as against Rs 64,414.98 per kl previously. The rates vary because of differences in local sales tax or VAT.
Jet fuel constitutes over 40 per cent of an airline’s operating costs and the price cut will ease the financial burden of cash-strapped carriers.
No immediate comment was available from airlines on the impact of the price cut on passenger fares.
The three fuel retailers — IOC, Hindustan Petroleum Corp and Bharat Petroleum Corp — revise jet fuel and non-subsidised LPG prices on the first of every month, based on the average international prices in the preceding month.
Yesterday, oil companies had cut petrol price by 91 paisa a litre and diesel by 84 paisa per litre. The seventh reduction in price since August has meant that petrol costs Rs 63.33 a litre in Delhi, Rs 10.27 per litre less than what it cost in July.
The third reduction in diesel rates in one month has led to price coming down to Rs 52.51 a litre.
Non-subsidised LPG in Delhi was priced at Rs 922.50 in July and rates have in every subsequent month been reduced.
TAGS: Jet Fuel LPG Price
More from economy
Per capita annual income increases in national capital The per capita annual income in the national capital has increased to Rs 2.19 lakh in 2013-14 as campared to Rs 1.92 lakh in the previous fiscal.

October infrastructure output growth accelerates to 6.3 pctCBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case
The growth rate of eight of core industries rose to four-month high of 6.3 per cent in October on the back of better output in coal, refinery products and electricity, a positive news ahead of the RBI’s monetary policy review tomorrow.
The infrastructure sector comprising eight core industries — coal, crude oil, natural gas, refinery products, fertiliser, steel, cement and electricity — had shrunk by 0.1 per cent in October last year.
The growth rate was 1.9 per cent in September this year.
The core sector contributes 38 per cent in the overall industrial production, a parameter that RBI takes into account while framing its monetary policy.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expected to hold interest rate at 8 per cent in its fifth bi-monthly monetary policy review tomorrow.
The industry has been demanding a rate cut to push the economic growth, which has slowed to 5.3 per cent in September quarter from 5.7 per cent in the three months to June 2014.
Production in coal, refinery products and electricity registered a growth of 16.2 per cent, 4.2 per cent and 13.2 per cent, respectively in October, as per the data released by the Commerce and Industry Ministry.
Growth in coal and refinery products had declined by 3.5 per cent and 5 per cent, respectively in October 2013 while growth in power generation was only 1.3 per cent.
Expansion in crude oil and steel production was 1 per cent and 2.3 per cent respectively in October. The growth in the two sectors was slower than the previous month.
During April-October, the eight sectors grew by 4.3 per cent as against 4.2 per cent in the same period last year.
TAGS: Infrastructure
More from economy
Per capita annual income increases in national capital The per capita annual income in the national capital has increased to Rs 2.19 lakh in 2013-14 as campared to Rs 1.92 lakh in the previous fiscal.

In Jharkhand  tribes bear the cross of conversion politicsIn Jharkhand, tribes bear the cross of conversion politics
Krittivas Mukherjee , Hindustan Times  Daltonganj, December 01, 2014
First Published: 20:19 IST(1/12/2014) | Last Updated: 08:57 IST(2/12/2014)
Comments
Every spring, just before the forests of Jharkhand become heavy with the sweet smell of sal and mahua trees, Kunu Oraon gathers the villagers for a special ritual: A few grains of rice are put on the head of a hen. If it eats the rice when it falls to the ground then a bumper crop is predicted. If it doesn’t, it is believed, disaster awaits the community.
Tribals take part in the ancient festival Sarhul in Ranchi. (Diwakar Prasad/HT Photo)
It is part of an ancient tribal festival that is neither Hindu nor Christian. Yet, Sarhul is celebrated by Christian missionaries and Hindu preachers alike, turning the ritual into a pawn in a wider contest for the hearts and minds of the indigenous, animistic tribes of the Chota Nagpur plateau.
“The pastor says come to the church to celebrate Sarhul. At the same time, the local Hindu temple throws a feast on the occasion,” says 42-year-old Oraon, a marginal farmer who has refused to become either a Christian or Hindu.
“It’s our tribal ritual, not theirs.”
In Jharkhand, where focus on religious conversions has revived over the ongoing assembly elections, such apportioning of the tribal way of life masks a deeper political strategy, one that shows the work of both Hindu and Christian groups to be more than just a religious and cultural project.
And in this unrelenting battle for influence, the state’s indigenous forest-dwellers are forced to take sides, gradually obliterating what is a distinct identity far more ancient than either faith.
“Behind the religio-cultural struggle lies a wider political battle for votes in which the Church, Hindu groups, tribal entities, all are involved,” says Harishwar dayal, director of Institute for Human Development, a Ranchi-based think tank.
To understand how that works, the headquarters of Vikas Bharti is a good place to look.
From inside its sprawling compound of cobbled roads and shady trees right in the bustle of capital city Ranchi, Ashok Bhagat runs hundreds of free schools, hospitals and community kitchens, hoping to endear the tribespeople to a Hindu way of life and, as an ancillary benefit, amplify the number of votes for his political masters.
How far he will succeed could determine if the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) will win a strong mandate in the mineral-rich state, where indigenous forest-dwellers, or adivasis, hold the balance of power. Twenty eight of the state’s 81 seats are reserved for tribes.
In the April-May Lok Sabha elections, the BJP led in only nine assembly segments of the tribal seats, a tally Bhagat is desperate to improve.
“We are sure all the sincere hard work we have put in will pay off,” says Bhagat, whose social organisation, backed by the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), is replicating the work of Christian missionaries across the region.
A short distance from Vikas Bharti is the Cardinal House, a sprawling high-walled compound that Hindu groups say is the nerve centre of church politics in eastern India. Every election, politicians visit the office to seek the “blessings” of the influential Cardinal Telesphor Toppo.  
Traditionally, the Church has supported the Congress, and more recently the regional, tribal-focused party, the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM).
“The Cardinal does decide which candidates to support, so he does influence the politics,” says a local Christian lawmaker on condition of anonymity because officially the Church says it doesn’t back any political party.
But caught in the cleft stick of Hinduism and Christianity are tribespeople like Laldev Bhagat.
“I am Sarna and I am proud of my religion,” he says.
“Our religion gives us ample freedom to practice what we like.”
Some 26% of Jharkhand’s population today is tribal. For most part of the 19th century Christian missionaries converted many of them, both by inducement and coercion. But the region became riven by conversion politics after the RSS started its counter campaign in the 1970s.
Now, Hindu groups say all indigenous people, many of whom practice animism, are really Hindus, whether or not they realise it.
Such claims make people like Oraon angry.
“We pray to the soil, the trees, the river, the sun. Our gods are different,” says Oraon, his large brown eyes misty, voice choking.
“We have our unique identity. We will not lose it to the politics of conversion.”
(Additional reporting by B Vijay Murty)

Now  Vijay Mallya loses top posts at Kingfisher Airlines  Mangalore ChemicalsGovt extends olive branch to Kalanithi Maran's Spicejet, allows ticket bookings for next 3 months
In a double-whammy for flamboyant businessman Vijay Mallya, the government has annulled his re- appointment as Managing Director of Kingfisher Airlines while he also had to quit from board of another group company MCFL.
This comes close on the heels of minority shareholders of United Spirits, once a prized entity of Mallya-led UB group, rejecting proposals regarding proposed financial dealings of the company with entities connected to him.
Kingfisher, which had to be grounded in October 2012 due to severe financial crunch and mounting debt, had sought the Corporate Affairs Ministry’s approval for Mallya’s re-appointment for a period of five-year beginning October 16, 2013 “without remuneration”.
The airline said in a regulatory filing today that its application has been rejected, but did not disclose any specific reason.
Government sources, however, said that the decision was taken because Kingfisher failed to get necessary approvals from its lenders and shareholders for the re-appointment.
The disclosure came on a day, when another UB Group firm Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL) announced Mallya’s resignation as a director without giving any reason.
Trading in shares of Kingfisher and another group firm UB Engineering also got suspended with effect from today because of the companies’ non-compliance to listing norms.
Kingfisher, which once prided itself as the most luxurious airline with Mallya being known as the ‘King of Good Times’, alone used to command a market value of over Rs 10,000 crore once, but now stands at just about Rs 100 crore.
The overall UB group market value has tanked by over half in the past one year, while excluding United Spirits.
The penal action by stock exchanges followed the companies’ inability to prepare and publish financial results in time, which the firms have attributed to lack of staff.
Kingfisher has previously faced strong staff protests for non-payment of salaries, while it is also under regulatory scanner for various accounting lapses.
As per the latest disclosures made to the stock exchanges, Mallya was serving as Chairman and Managing Director of Kingfisher, which has been without a full-time CEO ever since Sanjay Agarwal left the company early this year.
As per the norms, a company which is in the red or has inadequate profits, needs to approach the Corporate Affairs Ministry to get approval for appointment of key managerial personnel and directors and get no-objection certificates from shareholders and lenders.
The Ministry rejected the proposal in this case as it was already turned down by shareholders and lenders, sources said, while adding this particular decision was not directly linked to Mallya being declared a wilful defaulter.
The UB group, which once commanded huge market values for all its entities in businesses ranging from liquor to fertilisers to aviation, has been facing financial troubles for past couple of years and a severe cash crunch led to Kingfisher Airlines being grounded over two years ago. There are also pending service tax default cases against Kingfisher.
Default on loan payments has already seen a number of banks resorting to legal options to reclaim their funds, while some of them have also declared Mallya as a wilful defaulter.
Among various key assets, UB Group sold controlling stake in United Spirits Ltd (USL) to UK-based global liquor giant Diageo, while Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilisers (MCFL) recently saw two rival bidders slugging it out in the marketplace for getting a control of the company.
Without giving any specific reason, MCFL said in a regulatory filing today that “Vijay Mallya, a Director on the Board of Directors of the company, has resigned with immediate effect.”
58-year old and Kolkata-born Mallya’s resignation at MCFL followed an intense takeover battle between West Bengal-based Zuari group and Pune-based Deepak Fertilisers for wresting control of MCFL, which has a urea plant at Mangalore.
The plant has been shut since October this year due to expiry of permission given by the government for production of farm nutrient from high cost feedstock naptha.
Bangalore-headquartered UB Group Chairman Mallya had sided with Zuari group and launched the counter open offer to ward off the takeover bid of Deepak Fertilizers.
Deepak Fertilisers has raised its stake in MCFL to about 32 per cent, as against Zuari-UB group’s combined stake of 38.4 per cent.
The latest developments at Kingfisher and MCFL follows decisions by USL shareholders at a November 28 meeting to reject nine out of 12 resolutions, including some pertaining to proposed pacts with entities connected to Mallya.
These pacts included those dated September 30, 2011 and December 22, 2011 between USL and and United Breweries Holdings Ltd that required UBHL to sell to USL certain immovable properties.
Other resolutions that were defeated with requisite majority include approval of a services agreement dated July 3 2013 between USL and Kingfisher Finvest India, approval of a sponsorship pact dated June 11 2013 between USL and United Racing & Bloodstock Breeders, approval of a sponsorship pact between USL and United Mohun Bagan Football Team Pvt Ltd.
USL is now controlled by Diageo, which had acquired an additional 26 per cent shares in USL for Rs 11,448.91 crore in July with an aim to take its total stake in the Indian firm to 54.78 per cent.
Liquor baron Vijay Mallya was recently re-elected as non-executive director and chairman of United Spirits.
Kingfisher Airlines is already facing a close regulatory scrutiny over suspected lapses in its accounting practices and the Corporate Affairs Ministry is looking into possible violations of Companies Act.
The carrier is yet to submit its annual financial results for the 2013-14 period to the stock exchanges.
In a filing to the BSE on August 26, the carrier had said that steps were being taken to appoint directors in order to comply with provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and listing agreement with the stock exchanges.
“Thereafter, steps will be taken towards publishing the audited results for the year ended March 31, 2014 and for the quarter ended June 30, 2014,” it had said.
Back in May, Kingfisher had informed stock exchanges that “there are hardly any employees attending office and the company is currently operating with skeletal staff making it difficult to audit and publish the results in time.”
As part of the recovery process, banks in February last year decided to sell a portion of the collateral with them, including shares of its group companies USL and MCFL, Mallya’s Goa villa, Kingfisher House in Mumbai and the Kingfisher brand, which was valued at over Rs 4,000 crore at the time it was pledged.
The total market value of UB group companies currently stands at Rs 33,000 crore largely because United Breweries Ltd (over Rs 20,000 crore), where Heineken group is a co-promoter.
TAGS: Kingfisher Airlines Mangalore Chemicals And Fertilizers Vijay Mallya
More from companies

Good news on economy  but Rajan may hold ratesGood news on economy, but RBI may not cut rates
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 02, 2014
First Published: 00:36 IST(2/12/2014) | Last Updated: 11:02 IST(2/12/2014)
Comments
Good news for the Indian economy and the common man poured in from several quarters on Monday, on the eve of RBI governor Raghuram Rajan’s next monetary policy review.
Global crude prices fell to a five-year-low of $68 per barrel during the day, prompting the public sector oil marketing companies to cut the price of unsubsidised LPG cylinders by Rs. 113 from Rs. 865 to Rs. 752.This came a day after prices of petrol and diesel were cut by almost Re 1 per litre. Falling global prices are expected to lead to more cuts in the prices of petrol, diesel and LPG in the months to come and a further fall in the retail and wholesale inflation rates, which are at multi-year lows.
Then, eight core sectors, which form the backbone of the Indian economy, rebounded sharply, growing 6.3% in October, compared to 1.9% in the previous month and a decline of 0.1% in October last year, figures released by the commerce ministry showed.
And sales of cars by Maruti Suzuki, Hyundai, Honda, Toyota and Tata rose sharply in November, after three months of decline, indicating a revival in consumer demand.
If this trend of industrial growth and rising demand sustains, it could lead to a stronger economic revival, creating more jobs, putting more money in people’s pockets.
Adding to the cheer, a survey by Jones Lang LaSalle, a leading real estate consultant, showed a 58% rise in demand for office space. The implication: companies are once again expanding operations. Typically, a rise in demand for office space is followed, with a lag of a few months, with a growth in job creation.
The HSBC Purchasing Manager’s Index, a measure of economic growth, for India’s manufacturing sector in November also indicated a revival, rising to a 21-month high.
But experts cautioned against reading too much into these developments. “There are mixed signals from the economy and though manufacturing has shown an improvement, this cannot be taken as a decisive sign of recovery,” DK Joshi, chief economist, Crisil, told HT.
Analysts said Rajan, who will announce his next monetary policy review on Tuesday, may not cut rates to spur economic growth further despite moderating inflation.

Parrikar steps in  army slams door on Rohtak molestersArmy slams door on Rohtak molesters
Sat Singh , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 01, 2014
First Published: 14:47 IST(1/12/2014) | Last Updated: 09:08 IST(2/12/2014)
Comments
The army will not go ahead with the recruitment process of three men accused of molesting two Haryana sisters on a bus after a video of the women thrashing the alleged molesters sparked widespread outrage across the country, army sources said on Monday.
Pooja (L), 19, and Aarti, 22, at their home in the district of Sonepat. (AFP Photo)
Defence minister Manohar Parrikar made it clear a strong message should be sent that there was no place for such men in the army while the Haryana chief minister said the women would be honoured for their “act of bravery” on Republic Day as public support for the sisters grew on social media.
"We (the army) take such issues very seriously and we have a zero-tolerance policy. Two of the youths had cleared physical and medical tests in one of the rallies held in Haryana recently but they would not be allowed to take part in further process which is a written test," sources said.
Aarti Kuhar, 22, and her sister, Pooja, 19, were travelling in a Haryana Roadways bus on Friday on their way to Government College for Women in Rohtak district, when the three men allegedly molested them. The women protested at first and then hit back with their hands, legs and even a belt, while other passengers watched silently.
A pregnant woman, sitting next to the sisters, captured the incident on her mobile phone camera and shared it on WhatsApp. The video went viral in no time.
Watch: Haryana sisters thrash molesters in bus, mute passengers look on
“Go brave girls! #girlrising and wake up bystanders! Its shameful, the only one who intervened was a pregnant woman!” tweeted Freida Pinto, star of Academy-award winning film Slumdog Millionaire.
Haryana chief minister Manohar Lal Khattar announced a cash reward of Rs. 31,000 rupees each for the sisters, saying he hoped the publicity would sensitise others to the issue. “The kind of work that has been done by these two girls is praiseworthy,” he said.
A local court sent the three men to jail on Monday while the government suspended the bus driver and conductor for failing to protect the women.
The sisters, who stay with their parents in Thanakhurd village in Sonepat district, said the three men threw pieces of paper with their phone numbers at the women who did not respond. Angry at being rebuffed, the men asked them to vacate their seats.
“They said girls were meant to sit on bus bonnets and if we did not leave the seat for them, they would throw us out,” said Pooja.
Aarti said the conversation became heated but it was not until one of the men molested her that she hit them. “A pregnant lady tried to raise her voice, but the men were unmoved and continued groping us with their hands,” she added.
The incident  has once again highlighted the issue of women’s safety after the December 2012 brutal gang-rape of a young girl in Delhi that sparked nationwide protests. Haryana has also been in the news because of its skewed sex ratio and khap panchayats that routinely issue diktats against women.
(With agency inputs)

Second phase: Jammu and Kashmir votes amid ring of securityComments
Thousands of security personnel were deployed for the second phase of assembly election on Tuesday in nine constituencies in the Muslim-majority Kashmir Valley and an equal number in the Jammu region, a so-called BJP bastion.
All eyes are trained on this phase after the first one on November 25 logged a record turnout of over 70%, the highest since Independence for a state that has suffered over three decades of militancy and strife.
The security ring has been further tightened following the killing of a National Conference sarpanch in Shopian on Sunday and a grenade attack in the heart of Srinagar last week.
Apart from the deployment of 220 companies of paramilitary personnel, more were kept on standby, a top police officer said.
He said the security grid is ready to foil any attempt by militants to disrupt the democratic process in which as many as 17,015 Kashmiri Pandits would be part of over 15 lakh voters.
The state’s two prominent regional parties, the ruling National Conference (NC) that is saddled with an anti-incumbency wave and the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) which is aiming to regain power, hoped to see people forming long lines to cast their votes for keeping a resurgent BJP at bay — in the Valley at least.
Though the fate of 175 candidates is at stake, the focus will be on separatist-turned-politician Sajjad Gani Lone at Handwara constituency and the lone woman in chief minister’s Omar Abdullah ministry, Sakina Itoo, who is seeking re-election from Noorabad.
People’s Conference leader Lone, whose father Abdul Gani was a three-time MLA for Handwara, is making his debut in assembly election after unsuccessfully contesting the Lok Sabha poll in 2009. He has been accused of a tacit understanding with the BJP following his November 10 meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, whom the former separatist leader described as an “elder brother”.
The BJP hasn’t fielded a candidate from his constituency and Lone sees himself as a possible CM candidate if the poll results throw up a fracture mandate.
Round II of the poll will be a test for Itoo as well as assembly deputy speaker Sartaj Madni of the PDP and three other ministers. Itoo was the NC’s face-saver during the previous poll in the PDP stronghold of south Kashmir, where the opposition party has 12 MLAs.

Will lower oil prices push Raghuram Rajan to cut repo rateIndian rupee slips past psychological $63 mark to hit 13-month low
Yields on government bonds touched a fresh 16-month low on Monday with the market betting that slowing economic growth and easing inflation would prompt the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to cut the repo rate by 25 basis points on Tuesday, reports fe Bureau in Mumbai. The yield on the benchmark 10-year 8.40%, 2024 bond ended at 8.06%, the lowest since July 19, 2013. The yield has dropped more than 40 basis points over the last two months.
Expectations of a rate cut weren’t  tempered by the strong HSBC Markit Purchasing Managers’ Index (PMI) for manufacturing, which came in at a 21-month peak of 53.3 for November, probably because crude oil prices fell to fresh lows of levels of $68 per barrel. With growth slowing — India’s gross domestic product grew just 5.3% y-o-y in the three months ended September, slower than the 5.7% y-o-y expansion in the previous quarter and a steady fall in retail inflation over the last three consecutive months to 5.52% in October, many now believe there’s room for a rate cut on Tuesday.
Hitendra Dave, head of global markets at HSBC, said the consensus was that inflation is moderating faster than anticipated.
“As such the medium term objective of 6% will surely be reached and the RBI will get comfortable that it will be reached,” Dave said.  The belief that interest rates could come off prompted foreign institutional investors to pay the highest ever premium of 68.5 basis points to get hold of investment limits auctioned on Monday. Limits worth $500 million were auctioned.
Meanwhile, the yield on the 10-year US Treasury note has slipped 10 bps over the last one month with the note trading at 2.16% on Monday. This keeps the interest rate differential between India and US wide making Indian paper attractive to foreign investors.
TAGS: Raghuram Rajan Reserve Bank Of India
More from bankingampfinance

Indians now among biggest tipsters to US SECCBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case
If statistics emerging from the US are any indication, Indians have a penchant for whistleblowing. The US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has said the tips given to it by Indians form the second-largest international source of information. That’s a surprisingly large number considering that only 10 Indian companies were listed on US bourses, according to SEC data as on December 31, 2013, though not all the tips may relate to Indian companies.
In fiscal 2014, the SEC received 448 tips from outside the US, of which 70 came from the UK. India was just a step behind providing 69 tips while at 58, Canada came in a distant third.
Back home, whistleblowing hasn’t quite caught on. While the Companies Act, 2013, has amended the clauses governing corporate governance and clause 49 of the equity listing agreement makes it mandatory for companies’ audit committees to consider whistleblower complaints, there haven’t been too many instances of employees spilling the beans. It’s possible, exployees aren’t comfortable talking to their audit committees.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has asked all companies to put in place a whistleblower policy. “We don’t want to be too intrusive but every company must have a policy within the ambit of the law,” a senior Sebi official told FE.
Sebi has a system called SCORES, where investors can log complaints anonymously. The system receives complaints from both investors and whistleblowers alike so there’s no information on whether Sebi has received complaints from company insiders and acted on them.
Data from the SCORES system — which lists companies whose complaints exceed 10 — shows that there are 20 Indian companies that fall in the category as on October 31. Oil & Natural Gas Corporation tops the list with 103 complaints.
“How effective the system is is not known,” Shriram Subramanian, managing director of Bangalore-based proxy advisory firm InGovern, said.
The advisory on the home page of SCORES reads: “There will be occasions when you have a complaint against a listed company/ intermediary registered with Sebi. In the event of such complaint, you should first approach the concerned company/ intermediary against whom you have a complaint. However, you may not be satisfied with their response. Therefore, you should know whom you should turn to, to get your complaint redressed.”
The SEC has the Dodd-Frank Whistleblower programme which offers monetary incentives to a person who voluntarily provides original information about a possible violation of the federal securities laws that has occurred, is ongoing, or about to occur.
The Dodd-Frank programme, initiated in August 2011, awards 10% to 30% of the penalty collected as a result of successful SEC action to the concerned whistleblowers. In September 2014, the regulator authorised an award of more than $30 million to an individual. The fund which doles out these awards had a balance of $437.79 million at the end of fiscal 2014.
“Sebi doesn’t have the sufficient manpower. People need training in forensic accounting and a direct comparison to SEC is not justified,” InGovern’s Subramanian said.
A landmark case of a whistleblower approaching a regulatory authority after the company ignored his complaints was Dinesh Thakur who spilled the beans on Ranbaxy Laboratories. Thakur, who had served on the board of the drug firm between 2003 and 2005, approached the US
Food and Drug Administration and Department of Justice with proof that the company had indulged in data tampering, supply of falsified data to the regulator and production and sale of substandard drugs.
The resulting investigation yielded a $500 million fine on Ranbaxy and a ban on import of drugs manufactured in four of its Indian manufacturing facilities, yet to be lifted. Infosys is another company which had to pay $34 million to settle a civil lawsuit where an ex-US-based employee’s complaint about the company’s fraudulent visa practices prompted a federal investigation.
TAGS: Infosys Ranbaxy Sebi
More from economy
Per capita annual income increases in national capital The per capita annual income in the national capital has increased to Rs 2.19 lakh in 2013-14 as campared to Rs 1.92 lakh in the previous fiscal.

Change of script in Punjab can alter Congress storyChange of script in Punjab can alter Congress story
Vinod Sharma , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 01, 2014
First Published: 23:21 IST(1/12/2014) | Last Updated: 05:02 IST(2/12/2014)
Comments
The Congress desperately needs an electoral victory to get off the life-support system on which it has been after losing power at the Centre. It doesn't have a ghost of a chance to form governments of its own in J-K, Jharkhand or Delhi. The party's sole hope amid the gathering gloom is Punjab where the Akali-BJP combine faces insurmountable odds.
Elections to the state assembly in the border state are due in February 2017. But the party has to start early to catch, so to speak, the worm. A whole lot of rejuvenation and repair is required in its Punjab unit that’s a house derelict and divided. Emissaries from Delhi have ended up abetting rather than checking factionalism in the party there.
“Either they be made to curb their amateurish interventions or the party would face its third successive defeat in the state,” noted an insider. If handled carefully, he considered Punjab “the light at the end of a long and dark tunnel” for the party that polled more votes than the Akalis but got ten seats less in 2012.
Parkash Singh Badal’s party romped home on the aggregate vote (34.59 plus 7.15%) of its alliance with the BJP and the Congress’ internal disquiet over selection of candidates. Now, the saffron party, with mere 12 seats in the Assembly, is perceived to be preparing to dump the “hugely unpopular” Akali Dal much ahead of the polls.
A crack in the ruling coalition could even trigger a snap poll; a resurgent BJP claiming credit for ridding the state of an ‘inefficient and profligate’ regime. The consequences of it could be as damaging for the Akalis as for the Congress, given their vulnerability to poaching by the BJP with its superior resources, political muscle and Narendra Modi’s mass connect.
Amid such crisis, only Amrinder Singh's popular pull can stem the canker eating into the party’s vitals in the state, remarked an MLA. He was speaking in the context of countless internal spats, including Legislature Party leader Sunil Jhakar’s reported outburst against what he called “inaccessible” high command, leadership vacuum and unbridled one-upmanship marked by parallel PCC meetings to scuttle CLP gatherings.
Hardcore Congressmen are convinced that "imported" points-persons flaunting powers of attorney from Delhi are bent upon keeping or propping up a cosmetic leadership at the expense of Amrinder. Flying in the face of their seemingly “self defeating" agenda is a broad consensus -- regardless of individual allegiances -- that the former chief minister, despite two successive defeats under his stewardship, alone has the political timbre to grab for the party the victory it so direly needs.
"He's Punjab's Virbhadra Singh," remarked a Congress leader. The allusion was to the chief minister of Himachal, who faced similar opposition in the party before the 2012 polls when the Congress wrested power from the BJP. He said Amrinder's marginalisation would mean offering Punjab on a platter to the BJP that could try beating anti-incumbency by walking out on the discredited Akalis in a kind of repeat of Maharashtra.
Inquiries across feuding camps reveal that a majority of the 40-odd Congress legislators favoured Amrinder over his party rivals or the option of crossing over to the BJP. The common refrain in the former CM’s support is that he lived down the Congress’ 2012 defeat by trouncing Arun Jaitley in Amritsar.
Currently, the Congress’s deputy leader in the Lok Sabha, Amrinder, views the next elections as last chance to lead the party in Punjab and reclaim the CM's slot. His ambitions might rankle with the top leadership. But they converge seamlessly with the party's quest for a morale-boosting triumph after a string of defeats.’

US stocks: Wall Street falls; Apple stumblesApple
(Manufacturing growth across…)
NEW YORK: US stocks fell in a broad decline on Monday, with the S&P 500 suffering its biggest one-day drop in more than a month, as economic data indicated weakness across the globe and the holiday shopping season got off to a tepid start.
The day's losses were broad, with eight of the ten primary S&P 500 sectors lower on the day. Industrials were the day's biggest decliners, pressured by manufacturing data that still pointed to sluggish demand.
Apple Inc was one of the biggest weights on the session, falling 3.2 per cent to $115.07 in its biggest one-day decline since September. It tumbled shortly after the open in its largest one-minute volume in more than a month in what some traders deemed a "mini-flash crash."
Growth in the US manufacturing sector slowed for a third straight month in November, decelerating to its most sluggish since January, according to Markit. The ISM report also showed a slowing pace of growth, though it was stronger than expected.
Manufacturing growth across Asia and Europe eased last month as heavy price cuts failed to revive demand. General Electric Co fell 1.8 per cent to $26.02.
"We're watching growth struggle, especially outside the United States," said Mark Martiak, senior wealth strategist at Premier Wealth/First Allied Securities in New York. "Investors may be overly complacent."
Early holiday promotions and online shopping took a toll on in-store US sales during the Thanksgiving weekend as shoppers on average spent 6.4 per cent less than they did a year earlier, according to data released Sunday by an industry group.
The S&P 500 retail index fell 1.5 per cent while Target Corp lost 1.7 per cent to $72.75.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 51.44 points, or 0.29 per cent, to 17,776.9, the S&P 500 lost 14.12 points, or 0.68 per cent, to 2,053.44 and the Nasdaq Composite
dropped 64.28 points, or 1.34 per cent, to 4,727.35.
Despite Monday's decline, equities have been strong of late, with major indexes hitting multiple records last week and closing out a sixth straight week of gains.
Energy stocks were a bright spot on the day, up 0.7 per cent alongside a 4.8 per cent surge in crude oil, which rebounded from a massive drop of more than 10 per cent on Friday. The S&P energy index remains the weakest sector of 2014, down almost 10 per cent.
Exxon Mobil Corp rose 2 per cent to $92.35, while Chevron Corp was up 2.6 per cent to $111.73. Both stocks limited the Dow's decline.
NYSE decliners outnumbered advancers 2,410 to 693, for a 3.48-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 2,133 issues fell and 602 advanced, for a 3.54-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 105 new 52-week highs and 25 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 103 new highs and 155 new lows.
About 7 billion shares traded on all US platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi: Church goes up in flames  foul play suspectedDelhi church gutted, foul play suspected
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 02, 2014
First Published: 00:57 IST(2/12/2014) | Last Updated: 10:32 IST(2/12/2014)
Comments
With less than a month to go for Christmas, a prominent Catholic church in northeast Delhi’s Dilshad Garden was gutted in a major fire Monday morning, prompting allegations of arson and foul play.
The main hall of St Sebastian’s Church caught fire around 6.30am with the altar, statues, the holy Bible and the Cross reduced to ashes within minutes. The estimated losses were pegged at over Rs. 1 crore.
Church authorities alleged the fire was an attempt at triggering religious polarisation ahead of the Delhi polls, likely early next year.
 
Delhi Catholic Archdiocese spokesperson Savarimuthu Sankar told HT that three fire tenders reached the church an hour after flames broke out and police arrived only at 9am, by when the fire had been doused.
Community leaders also said kerosene was found in the attic, pointing at foul play. “The security guard took a breakfast break at 6am. When he returned 30 minutes later, he noticed thick smoke and informed Father Antony Francis, the pastor, who called the fire department,” said Sankar.
 
Delhi Archbishop Reverend Anil Couto has written to PM Narendra Modi and home minister Rajnath Singh, seeking a judicial probe into the fire.
The incident quickly took a political angle with several leaders offering their help. Congress leader Arvinder Singh, former Delhi minister Haroon Yusuf and Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal visited the spot and assured their support for a speedy probe and financial compensation. Local BJP MP Manoj Tiwari also visited the church and said he would raise this issue in Parliament.
Joint commissioner of police Sanjay Baniwal said a case of mischief by fire or explosive substance was registered. “We are waiting for the forensic science laboratory report to establish the exact cause of fire,” added Baniwal.
Hundreds of people later assembled outside the church and prayed for peace and communal harmony. They will hold a protest outside the Delhi police commissioner’s office on Tuesday.
The church at Dilshad Garden, New Delhi was gutted by fire on Monday morning. (HT Photo)

Australia understanding if grieving players still not readyprint
Cricket Australia will be understanding of players who feel uncomfortable about playing in the wake of the death of Phillip Hughes when the rescheduled India Test series starts next week, chief executive James Sutherland said on Tuesday.
Sutherland was speaking at Sydney Airport before his flight to Macksville, where Hughes will be buried on Wednesday some six days after he died from a catastrophic injury caused by a ball striking him in the back of the head during a domestic match.
The reshuffle of the India series, which was originally scheduled to begin in Brisbane on Thursday, was announced late on Monday with the Adelaide match now the first of the four tests and starting next Tuesday.
Admitting that the new arrangements were by no means "perfect", Sutherland expressed his thanks to the understanding shown by all stakeholders but reiterated the welfare of the players was secondary only to that of the Hughes family.
Any player that is not comfortable or doesn't feel right will be allowed to pull out of the Adelaide Test. (Reuters Photo)
"There's a funeral tomorrow (December 3), let's just understand that's going to be difficult enough as it is," he said. "I'd encourage everyone to give players their space and let them in their own way work through that.
"It's absolutely up to the individual (whether they play), and any player that is not comfortable or doesn't feel right, or there is medical advice that it is not quite right, we will obviously understand that."
Sutherland said consideration had been given to cancelling the Brisbane Test, which is worth some A$20 million ($16.97 million) to Cricket Australia and will now be squeezed between the Adelaide and Melbourne tests from December 17-21.
"We've canvassed so many options and looked at so many permutations," he added. "Our first priority has always been to try to deliver the content, the matches, that were scheduled. "To be honest it was close, there were only a few days in it, but in the end we've been able to get to a solution that I believe was optimal.
"I just hope everyone will understand the big picture here, these are tragic and extraordinary circumstances." Alistair Nicholson, chief executive of the Australian Cricketers' Association (ACA), represented the players in the discussions about the rescheduling and said the solution satisfied their two main concerns.
"It was very important that the Hughes family were given a chance to lay Phil to rest and the preparation time was also important," he said. "Because of the need to play five days of intense cricket against India, the appropriate amount of preparation time was paramount.
"It's obviously going to be a tough summer with four tests against India and the World Cup but the players will now be able to focus because there's now certainty."
Sutherland said the Hughes family had been "overwhelmed" by the outpouring of sympathy from around the world and said he hoped the funeral -- three days after what would have been Hughes's 26th birthday -- would provide a measure of closure.
"We're headed to Macksville for a funeral and hopefully that's a great celebration of Phillip's life and then we can move forward," he said. "At the same time, we understand the challenge for our players and those closest to the Hughes family, and of course the Hughes family."

Innovation in VLCC is driven by R&D: Vandana LuthraInnovation in VLCC is driven by R&D: Vandana Luthra
November 11, 2014
Providing a holistic approach to beauty, slimming and fitness, VLCC has become a household name says founder Vandana Luthra. Apart form being and innovative techno-commercial brand VLCC takes pride in being a women-friendly company.

Know more about Dodla Dairy and its future plansKnow more about Dodla Dairy and its future plans
November 11, 2014
Dodla Dairy, which was started in 1998, is now worth Rs 1,000 crore in revenue. Managing Director D. Sunil Reddy says the dairy company, which recently acquired an African entity, aims to become a home-grown multinational with US $1 billion in revenues.

Laurus Labs CEO talks about the 4  P s of sucessLaurus Labs CEO talks about the 4 'P's of sucess
November 11, 2014
With its focus on people, processes, plants and products, Laurus Labs has grown substantially over the past 6 years. CEO Dr Satyanarayana Chava says the company's focus on improving the softskills of employess makes it a good workplace.

Tablets have evolved to become a game-changerStory
Fad or Future?
Four years into the Age of iPad, tablets have evolved in an effort to become a game-changer.
Nidhi Singal      Follow @nidhisingal    Edition: Dec 7, 2014
(Illustration: Ajay Thakuri)
When the first iPad was launched in 2010, many saw it as a bridge between small-screen smartphones and big, chunky laptops. But it leapfrogged to be a companion on the move. Though the apps in it allowed you to do much more than just watch videos and browse, it ended up being a content consumption device. Many also missed the tactile feel that they used to get while using a physical keyboard.
However, since then the accessory ecosystem has proliferated like never before. Besides Apple, Dell and HP too have introduced accessories that go well with their respective tablets. According to Vineet Durani, Director, Windows Business, Microsoft Corporation India, in addition to touch and keyboard, two other user interfaces - voice and digital inking - together will make for a great utility device.
Indrajit Belgundi, Director and General Manager (end-user computing), Dell India, says the effort now is to deliver a seamless computing experience with added accessories and services for tablets. "For instance, the Dell Cast is a device that allows users to convert their tablet into a full-fledged desktop by projecting the tablet view on to a larger screen and simultaneously allowing mouse and keyboard connectivity," he says.
BYOD REVOLUTION
Among the many things that lead one to buy a particular mobile device, the most important one is the usage needs. Do you want just a media consumption device or do you plan to use it as a content creation device too? The answer often lay somewhere in the middle and this apparently led to the birth of two-in-one tablets and hybrids. The increasing adoption of Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) policy in workplaces has spurred this trend.
While the detachable keyboards with tablets were novel, the additional cost seems to have impeded its widespread use. Another big reason why tablets initially failed to click as a productivity gadget was the lack of office apps. Though there were apps like Quick Office, Documents To Go and so on, most users were used to MS Office suit.
Now with Microsoft making Office apps free for iOS devices, Apple users are able to create documents, not just view them. "With over a billion MS Office customers worldwide and over 40 million downloads on iPad, it is clear that Office applications are what people want to use to get things done," John Case, Corporate Vice President, Microsoft, had said.
HYBRIDS AND CONVERTIBLES
Microsoft meanwhile is betting big on its Windows-based 2-in-1 tablets. Names of about 10 such tablets are being discussed; some have hit the market while some have been announced. Tablets from vendors such as Notion Ink, Sakri, Datamini and iBall are aggressively priced between Rs 20,000 and Rs 22,000. All of them will have 10.1-inch display, Intel processor, 2GB RAM, 32GB storage and Windows 8.1 Basic as OS. A better configuration would definitely jack up the price too.
According to Ketan Patel, Director, Computing Category, Printing and Personal Systems Group, Hewlett-Packard India, the sudden influx in this category is due to the fact that "a convertible notebook enables the user to work on specific applications that require the productivity of a notebook and the flexibility to work on the go". Even though the current trend is hybrids and convertibles, it would be too early to say that if it is the future. The size of display will play a key role. With five and six-inch displays becoming standard in smartphones, the seven-inch tablets have lost their appeal.
Rumours are that Apple may discontinue the iPad Mini because iPhone 6 Plus, with its 5.5-inch display, is in huge demand. "The hero products for most stores today are the 8-inch tablets. When tablets are being used for longer hours, why should the screen size be limited to seven to eight inches?" asks Sandeep Aurora, Director, Marketing, Intel South Asia. This could be a reason why Apple is reported to have been working on a 12-inch iPad Pro. Samsung has already launched its 12.2-inch Galaxy Tab Pro.
SALES PICKING UP
Growing demand
Meanwhile, the second quarter has signalled a recovery for tablet sales. "Starting early this year, we noticed a spur in its adoption by enterprises in banking and financial services, travel and health care, mainly for their sales and service professionals. Also a lot of government departments are considering tablets for their field inspectors and related professionals," says Kiran Kumar, Research Manager, International Data Corporation (IDC).
While the idea of productivity would vary from user to user, for many a tablet is the first screen to access the Internet. Students use tablets to read and browse. In a typical household, a tablet is used by both adults and kids.
Perhaps this is a reason Lenovo Indias 8-inch Yoga Tablet 2 comes with a read mode and a stand mode. "The 13-inch Yoga tablet comes with a projector. All this not just makes the tablet an entertainment device but also brings productivity to these devices," says Rohit Midha, Director, Tablet Business Unit, Lenovo India.
In a bid to make tablets a content creation device, original equipment makers are now adding more apps to enhance tablet utility. For instance, HP has some good printing services and print-based apps in its tablets. Another challenge in the growth of tablets has been its limited capacity of storage, processor and RAM compared to a desktop. While many companies are working towards an internal storage of 128GB, some of them have equipped the tablets with USB ports that can be used to plug into external storage devices. Processors too have grown with the latest iPad Air 2 and Google Nexus 9 running on 64-bit architecture chipset. Same with RAM too.
AFFORDABILITY
But in the last few years, the average selling price point of a tablet in India has seen a drastic dip. "In the first three years since 2010, tablets came in the range of $50 to $700. Majority of the retail end users were buying tablets that cost $50 to $100. A majority of these tablets sold had return rates close to 30 per cent to 40 per cent and subsequently got shunned out," says Kumar of IDC.
He says the market share of tablets might shrink if PCs become more affordable. "It is always a decision a consumer will make. So is anyone buying a Rs 60,000 tablet? Some people are. So everyone knows that there are enough people buying enough devices. You just need to give them choice," says Aurora of Intel.

BSE market cap crosses Rs 100-trillion markBSE m-cap hits Rs 100-trillion mark, investor wealth up 10 times in a decade
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 28, 2014  | 12:46 IST
(Photo: Associated Press)
The total investor wealth in Indian stock market hit a record high of Rs 100 trillion on Friday, marking a jump of ten times in little over a decade.
The 30 Sensex companies alone, which are among the biggest in the country, now account for nearly 50 per cent or about Rs 47 lakh crore of total investor wealth.
Measured in terms of total market capitalisation of all listed companies on the Bombay Stock Exchange, the overall investor wealth in the Indian stock market rose to Rs 100.01 lakh crore at 10.05 am as benchmark Sensex soared by over 300 points in its continuing record rally.
MUST SEE: India's top 500 most valuable companies 2014
This includes Tata Consultancy Services, the country's most valued firm  and the only entity to have a market value of over Rs 5 lakh crore,  followed by state-run Oil and Natural Gas Corporation and private sector  behemoth Reliance Industries with market caps of over Rs 3 lakh crore  each.
Companies commanding market cap of over Rs 2 lakh crore include ITC,  Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI and Coal India. Besides, ICICI Bank, HDFC, Sun  Pharma, HUL, Bharti Airtel, L&T, Wipro, Tata Motors, HCL Tech, NTPC  and Axis Bank have market cap of over Rs 1 lakh crore each. Among these,  ICICI Bank is very close to moving into Rs 2 lakh crore club.
Of the overall stock market wealth, promoters command nearly 50 per cent share while foreign investors own close to 20 per cent and the rest is shared between institutional and retail investors from India.
The total market cap of all BSE listed companies had crossed Rs 10  lakh-crore mark nearly 11 years ago in 2003 while it has doubled from  about Rs 50 lakh crore five years ago in 2009.

RBI policy to set tone for markets; volatility on cards:ExpertsHindalco Industries shares plunge on special court's orders
Volatility is on the cards next week as stock markets take cues from the much-awaited RBI policy meet, developments in Parliament and economic indicators, including monthly auto sales, say experts.
Shares, which have logged new highs in the past few sessions, will immediately react to GDP data that was released after markets closed on Friday.
Economic growth fell to 5.3 per cent in the second quarter compared to 5.7 per cent in the June quarter. This has raised the clamour for a rate cut by the RBI in its December 2 policy review meeting.
“We believe the ongoing positivity will extend further and index will touch newer high in this week. However, things won’t be easy for traders as volatility may continue to surprise due to list of events and data,” said Jayant Manglik, President Retail Distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
The release of HSBC manufacturing PMI data for November on Monday and HSBC India services PMI on Wednesday would also help shape directions.
Additionally, markets would be keeping a close eye on auto stocks as these companies would be unveiling their monthly sales figures.
“Markets are hoping for a rate cut in the RBI policy meeting this week,” said Dipen Shah, Head of Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Besides, investors would also track the ongoing winter session of Parliament amid expectations of more reforms.
“Movement of index in near-term will consistently remain on further reform initiatives to be taken in the ongoing winter session of Parliament, much awaited RBI’s monetary policy on Tuesday and auto sales numbers in start of the month,” said Vivek Gupta, CMT â€“ Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
Over the past week, the BSE benchmark Sensex gained 359.36 points to settle at 28,693.99. The index hit its all-time high of 28,822.37 on November 28.
Globally, European Central Bank (ECB) will meet on December 4 to discuss monetary policy. Hopes are high that ECB would unveil more stimulus depending on economic conditions.
The US nonfarm payrolls report for November will be out in the US on December 5.
TAGS: RBI Stock Markets
More from indianmarkets

Cyber Monday Deal. Save 55% - Get one year of digitalPLUS for ONLY $59!How to find account and routing                 numbers.
I wish to opt out of digital access and reduce my total cost by $ 0.00
Yes, I wish to sign up for EZ Pay. I authorize the                 Chicago Tribune                 to continue the payment method selected above by instructing my financial institution                 to either automatically deduct subscription payments from my bank account or to                 automatically charge my credit card (and renewals thereof), at the then current                 subscription rate for the subscription type and payment period I have selected.                 This authorization may be cancelled at any time by calling the                 Chicago Tribune                 at 1-800-TRIBUNE (1-800-874-2863).
Order Summary

Citigroup Raises BSE Sensex Target to 33 000You are here: Home Market
Citigroup Raises BSE Sensex Target to 33,000
Reuters | Updated On: December 01, 2014 11:06 (IST)
Citigroup on Monday raised BSE Sensex December 2015 target to 33,000 from 31,000. It expects 15 per cent upside from the Friday's close.
It also increased its target for Nifty to 9,850 from 9,240.
The bank says 2015 should be front-loaded with falling interest rates, back-loaded with actual economic recovery amid steady reforms and added that falling rates in a rising economy/earnings could fire the market more.
According to the Citigroup policy rates should fall 75 bps in 2015.
It also rejigged its model portfolio and is overweight on banks, energy, cement, pharmaceutical shares. The bank listed Adani Port and Special Economic Zone, Aurobindo Pharma among top large-cap picks.
Citigroup also likes Ashok Leyland, DB Corp among midcaps.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Jewellery shares rally as govt eases curbs on gold importsJewellery shares rally as govt eases curbs on gold imports
Sheetal Agarwal | Mumbai Dec 01, 2014 10:50 PM IST
Titan, PC Jewellers and Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri (TBZ) and many other jewellery stocks gained up to 20 per cent (see table) on Monday, when the benchmark S&P BSE Sensex went down 0.5 per cent. The gains followed removal of gold import curbs and the 80-20 scheme by the Reserve Bank on Friday evening.
The 80-20 scheme mandated authorised gold importers to ensure 20 per cent of any gold consignment they imported was exported before any more import. These authorised importers typically provide gold to jewellery companies and so, were seeking export proof before providing additional gold.
The two import curbs were introduced in August 2013 and had hit jewellery companies’ business in multiple ways. The premium (price difference between domestic and imported gold) rose sharply due to reduced supply, making gold sourcing an expensive and difficult task. Second, the curbs restricted these companies’ ability to buy gold on lease from banks. Thus, while their margins took a beating, interest costs surged. Third, as a result, companies slowed on their expansion plans. Fourth, the companies had to resort to the more expensive methods of hedging on international commodity exchanges. Both earnings and return ratios thus came under pressure.
However, with the removal of these curbs, gold premiums have already begun correcting (to an estimated $3-4 from $10-15 an ounce; these had risen to as much as $75). The companies are thus expected to gradually see a reduction in sourcing pressures. Jewellery companies’ volumes could also get a push, as they can now meet the rising demand in the ongoing wedding season. “Titan could increase the quantum of gold-on-lease post these measures. This would be a key positive, as gold-on-lease is a low cost and effective hedging tool and bolster Titan’s ability to expand without resorting to debt,” analysts at Motilal Oswal Securities wrote in a recent note.
Notably, Titan had resorted to debt to fund its expansion plan after implementation of the curbs last year. From being a net cash company (Rs 83 crore) as of March 2014, Titan reported net debt of Rs 730 crore on its balance sheet as of September.
PC Jewellers' borrowings also rose, by 4.3 times to Rs 10,034 crore in FY14 over FY13. TBZ's debt increased 34.3 per cent to Rs 563 crore in FY14 over FY13. Titan, PC Jewellers and TBZ's return on capital employed (RoCE) compressed by 2,220 basis points, 760 bps and 460 bps, to 14.9 per cent, 26.7 per cent and 37.2 per cent, respectively, in FY14 versus the previous year.
However, Titan being a leading player, able to import gold directly from the international market, was relatively less impacted by the sourcing curbs as compared to its peers.
Abneesh Roy of Edelweiss Securities says, “PC Jewellers had export revenues, while Titan and TBZ had negligible exports at the time of imposition of the curbs. Thus, PC Jewellers was able to manage better on that front.” The removal of curbs is positive for all jewellery entities, as the volatile gold premium will now be minimal or zero. This will aid their quarterly numbers and improve their cash flow and margins, adds Roy.
While the three stocks rallied on Monday, they're still eight to 22 per cent lower than their respective 52-week highs. Most analysts remain positive on the prospects of these companies and have Titan as their preferred pick, given its larger size and leadership position. Since Friday, nine analysts have issued a recommendation on the stock, says Bloomberg — seven have a 'buy' and two a ‘hold’ rating. Their average target price of Rs 436 indicates a potential upside of about 12 per cent.

Morgan Stanley Sees Sensex at 36 939 by December 2015You are here: Home Market
Morgan Stanley Sees Sensex at 36,939 by December 2015
NDTV | Updated On: December 01, 2014 13:13 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Global brokerage firm Morgan Stanley remains bullish on India, expecting Sensex to touch levels of 36,939 by December 2015 under a bull case scenario.
Indian equities are benefiting from the start of a new growth cycle, says Morgan Stanley. Benign global environment is resulting in a positive shift in terms of trade and reforms can lift India's potential growth rate, the brokerage added.
Global commodity prices continued to slide, with crude oil prices falling to near five-year lows on Monday. This would not only help the government's efforts to curb inflation but also ease pressure on India's current account deficit.
India's gross domestic product expanded 5.3 per cent in the July-September quarter from a year earlier. Growth in the previous quarter was at a 2-1/2 year high of 5.7 per cent. But economists see India's growth recovering to above 6 per cent in 2015-16.
From a portfolio perspective, Morgan Stanley is overweight on energy, consumer discretionary, financials and technology stocks. It suggests avoiding high beta stocks.
Another global brokerage firm Citigroup has also raised its target on Sensex to 33,000 from 31,000 by December 2015.
From a portfolio perspective, Citi is overweight on banks, energy, cement and pharma stock. Citi expects interest rates to fall 75 basis points in 2015.
Story first published on: December 01, 2014 13:12 (IST)

Need to Encourage M&A for Business Size: Arun JaitleyCourt Refuses to Let Off Hindalco in Coal Block Case
New Delhi: Mergers and acquisitions have to be encouraged to promote the size of domestic companies but there is also a need to understand when to draw the red line while implementing the competition law, Corporate Affairs Minister Arun Jaitley said on Monday.
He also underlined the need for applying the "principle of proportionality" while taking into consideration the consequences of competition norms.
"People learn from global experience. When our own corporates are of moderate size, mergers, acquisitions and consolidation need to be encouraged to promote size. So when it is that we draw the red line (in implementing competition law)," Mr Jaitley said.
According to him, Competition Commission of India (CCI) is becoming "extremely mature".
M&As involving significant business activities and those meeting a certain threshold under competition norms are required to get clearance from CCI.
Mr Jaitley was inaugurating the International Competition Network (ICN) Merger workshop here, organised by CCI.
"Another issue, what are the kind of consequences and penalties that we impose in the larger implementation of the law. Do we look at the evil sought to be curbed (or) the capacity of our own economy and therefore apply the principle of proportionality," the minister said.
Emphasising that people learn from global experiences, Mr Jaitley said "jurisdiction" is emerging with regard to common turf issues on account of multiple regulators.
"If two telecom majors are to amalgamate, will there be common turf areas between the telecom regulator and market regulator CCI. Therefore how do you built the jurisdiction of the two. Obviously jurisdiction in this area is emerging," he noted.
Story first published on: December 01, 2014 13:13 (IST)

Ranbaxy Labs launches arthritis drug Infimab in IndiaRanbaxy Laboratories launches arthritis drug Infimab in India
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 1, 2014  | 16:10 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Ranbaxy Laboratories on Monday launched Infimab, the first biosimilar version of Johnson and Johnson's Remicade - a drug used for treating various conditions including Rheumatoid Arthritis.
The drug has been introduced in the domestic market through a licensing partnership with Epirus Biopharmaceuticals, Ranbaxy said in a statement.
"Infimab marks Ranbaxy's entry into mAb (Monoclonal Antibodies) biologics, and will help the company provide greater access to quality biologic medicines in management of conditions like rheumatoid arthritis," the Punjab-based pharma company said.
Infimab will be manufactured by Reliance Life Sciences at its facility in Mumbai, Ranbaxy added.
Remicade is currently marketed for the treatment of inflammatory diseases including Rheumatoid Arthritis, Crohn's disease, ankylosing spondylitis, ulcerative colitis, psoriatic arthritis and psoriasis.
Rheumatoid arthritis is one of the most common chronic inflammatory diseases causing disability.
Ranbaxy Vice President & Country Head - India Region, Rajeev Sibal said, "Infimab offers a new opportunity in the management of conditions like rheumatoid arthritis. The product has been developed as per global standards and delivers a similar clinical outcome to the innovator. It will be available in India at a very significant discount as compared to the innovator drug."
Ranbaxy's scrip closed at Rs 616.90 a piece, up 4.5 points (or 0.73 per cent) on the Bombay Stock Exchange.

CCI asks Sun-Ranbaxy to divest some brands to avoid monopoly: Sources02:30 pm
The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has sent back the merger deal of Sun Pharma  and Ranbaxy  to the respective companies to make certain changes, sources tell CNBC-TV18, adding that the regulator has asked Sun-Ranbaxy to divest some brands to avoid monopolistic scenario.
The mega USD 4-billion deal, which will create the world’s fifth largest pharmaceutical company by sales, is yet to receive approval from competition watchdogs in India (CCI) and the US (Federal Trade Commission). There are concerns that the deal may get delayed as it is likely to create to dominant market share for the merged company in certain key segments, primarily in anti-diabetic and cardiology therapies. The merged entity will have 9.2 percent share of the Indian pharma market.
Around 37 drug categories are under scanner for potential market dominance. The CCI, which expects Sun-Ranbaxy to make changes as directed, wants a response from the companies by December 2. The regulator is likely to give final views on the deal by December 5, sources add.
Sun Pharma declined to comment on CNBC-TV18 query.
RELATED NEWS

Easing Gold Curbs Unlikely to Mean Import Surge: ReportBofA-ML Sees 0.25% Rate Cut in February on Easing Inflation
Singapore: An unexpected move by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to ease curbs on overseas purchases instead of tightening them indicates the government is more relaxed about the trade deficit, though trade sources said it does not mean there will be a jump in imports.
The world's second-biggest bullion buyer scrapped a rule on Friday mandating traders to export 20 percent of all gold imported into the country after weeks of speculation that it would tighten the rule.
Struggling with a high trade deficit, India last year imposed a record 10 per cent import duty on gold and the so-called 80-20 rule to limit purchases. Bullion is the second-biggest item on India's import bill after oil.
However, lower oil prices may mean the government is more comfortable about the trade deficit and softening restrictions on gold, analysts said. Oil prices are at five-year lows.
"At the moment clearly the government's working assumption seems to be that lower crude oil and softer gold prices should keep the current account deficit in acceptable limits, even with some increase in the volume of gold imports," ANZ analysts said in a note.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi also indicated in his election campaign that he wasn't in favour of hurting the jewellery industry through controls on gold imports, they said.
Bullion dealers in India had stocked up in recent weeks, expecting further tightening of the 80-20 rule, which was put in place last year to control an influx of gold.
"There is still a lot of confusion. A lot of that has to do with the fact it has been such a repressive environment over the last year that people second guess everything," said Sunil Kashyap, managing director at bullion bank ScotiaMocatta in Hong Kong.
"I think the immediate reaction will be that imports will stop for the time being. Imports in the first couple of weeks may be curtailed because of discounts and stock liquidation," he said, adding that the market was currently oversupplied.
Indian prices fell to a small discount on Friday after the RBI announcement, compared to a premium of $10 earlier in the week, traders said. They recovered later to a small premium.
"There will not be a surge in imports," said Bachhraj Bamalwa, director at the All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation.
"Stockpiles from imports in the last two months foreseeing further restrictions are still lying with bullion dealers and at customs," he said, adding that the inventory should be enough to meet demand in December.
A trader in Mumbai said he would wait for local premiums to spike before importing in big quantities as that would guarantee better incentives.
Despite weaker imports, consumer demand could remain strong, according to retailers.
"Expectations that gold prices may further drop from the current prices, may attract more buying for the ongoing wedding season," said Rahul Gupta, director of P.P. Jewellers in New Delhi.
Gold was trading close to a 4-1/2-year low on Monday.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: December 01, 2014 16:21 (IST)

Will re-approach investors & seek nod for Diageo deal: USL02:30 pm
Minority shareholders of  United Spirits rejected nine proposals at its extraordinary general meet (EGM), but the company is said to re-approach shareholders to seek nod for the USL-Diageo deal.
Shareholders rejected the permission to grant USL a takeover of Diageo India’s operation through a postal ballot. The company failed to get 75 percent nod as 30 percent institutions voted against the resolution.
The company is expected to reach out to these institutional shareholders to explain the deal.
In a statement the company has said, “The proposed contract with Diageo is value accretive for the company. The deal is a part of strategy to build and extend competitive advantage in the premium segment. We are surprised and disappointed at the outcome of the postal ballot and will now look to understand the basis for the shareholder view underpinning this vote.”
RELATED NEWS

Rupee recovers marginally to 62.02 against US dollarForex update: Rupee recovers from over 9-month low, ends at 62.02 against US dollar
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 1, 2014  | 18:41 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The rupee on Monday recovered from initial losses and edged marginally higher at 62.02 against the Greenback, snapping a two-day losing trend, on late dollar selling by exporters and some banks.
After opening weak, the rupee hit a fresh nine-month low of 62.25 against US currency as traders reacted to government easing curbs on gold imports and economic growth for second quarter coming at a tepid 5.3 per cent. However, the local unit erased the losses and closed marginally higher by one paisa.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the rupee commenced sharply lower at an intra-day low of 62.25 a dollar from Friday's close of 62.03 .
The mood was a bit cautious ahead of Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) monetary policy review .
"Over this week, we expect the pair to trade within a range of 61.60/80 and 62.30/40 levels on spot. RBI monetary policy and US November jobs report will be key data points," said Anindya Banerjee, Currency Analyst, Kotak Securities.
Later, the rupee rebounded on dollar selling by some banks and exporters and ended at an intra-day high of 62.02 against the American unit, up 0.02 per cent.
In the previous two sessions, the rupee had lost 19 paise.
The domestic currency had little help from the domestic stock market on Monday as the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex closed 134.37 points (or 0.47 per cent) lower.
There was support for the rupee from data released by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) that showed FPIs/FIIs infused US $396.24 million in the domestic market on Friday.
The dollar index, a gauge of six major global rivals, was down by 0.15 per cent. Oil prices fell to a five-year low and even gold rates fell as global investors were risk-averse.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group said, the trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 61.60 to 62.40.
In the forward market, premia closed steady to weak on stray receipts from exporters.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in May ended at its last Friday's closing level of 224-226 paise while forward contracts maturing in November, 2015, softened to 433.5-435.5 paise from 435-437 paise.
The RBI fixed the reference rate for dollar at 62.1377 and for the Euro at 77.3677.
The rupee fell back against the pound to 97.48 from Friday's close of 97.34 while it moved down further to 77.31 per euro from 77.29.
The domestic unit, however, improved further to 52.36 per 100 Japanese yen from 52.48 last Friday.

What it takes to pay off $80 000 in debt (in three years)By Jonnelle Marte December 1 Follow @jonnelle
(Photo from Flickr used under Creative Commons license from user Miran Rijavec )
When Austin Netzley graduated from college in 2008, finding out how much he had in debt — more than $80,000 after interest between his student loans and car loan — made him sick to his stomach.
He was fortunate to have a job, a well-paying one at that, but he still owed more than what he would earn his first year of work. But his desire to make more money at times interfered with his plans to get rid of the debt, pushing him to reduce his debt payments so that he could invest — and sometimes lose — money in the stock market.
Still, Netzley managed to become debt free within three years, freeing up more time and money to help him launch an investment business. This month he released a book, Make Money, Live Wealthy , in which he shares lessons he learned from conversations with 75 entrepreneurs.
Netzley recently spoke with The Washington Post about how he balanced paying off his debt with saving for retirement and investing on the side. This conversation was edited for length and clarity.
How much did you think about your student loans while you were in school? Is it something you worried about or had a good grasp on?
Austin Netzley, 28, paid off $80,000 in student loan debt in three years. (ONE Press Publishing)
In college I didn’t know anything about entrepreneurship, didn’t know much about investing other than I was intrigued by investing. I had this plan, I wanted to be the CEO of a large company. I wanted to get my engineering degree, get an MBA, get some sales experience and those three things were going to make me become a CEO. I went down that path and I kept asking, “What are my loans? What are my loans?” And finally my senior year I got the bill and figured out what my loans were.
I played football, so I got half scholarships and grants, basically half of my tuition covered. I got the bill and if I had paid the minimum throughout the life of the loan it was going to be over $72,000 and that just made me sick to my stomach. I still remember the feeling today.
It was my own fault for not really understanding the debt I was getting into. I kind of thought a lot of people do it, that it would just be taken care of. That it wasn’t necessarily bad debt, it was good debt. I disagree with that now. Anyhow, once I got myself in debt there was nothing that I could do with it. I had two months of school remaining so I went and finished it up and worked for an oil company in Houston and started to take my finances very seriously and within three years I paid off that debt. But during college I didn’t think about it. I did think about how to get rich, but I didn’t think much about the debt.
Once you graduated, did you want to tackle your debt right away? Or were you more concerned about setting money aside for something else or getting started with investments?
Sometimes I was super stressed. Other times I was more attracted and appealed to getting rich, so I started investing.
My first assignment on the job was to start saving in my 401(k), so I put a large percentage of my income into that from day one. Then I was going back and forth from investing money to paying off as much debt as I possibly could.
About two years into my career I started investing heavily and day trading. I started making more money in the stock market than I was paying on interest in my loans. So what I started to do was for at least six months I started to pay the minimum on my loans while I put as much money as I could toward my investments.
Then I just got sick of having that cloud of debt hanging over my head, so I paid off my remaining balance all at once, which at this point in time was like $35,000. So I took my money out of stocks and paid it all at once to get rid of it. That’s when I was officially free.
People say it’s a weight off your shoulders when you pay off debt and it really, really is. It was amazing.
Tell me about where you were investing. What percentage were you saving in your 401(k)? Did you have money elsewhere or did you take the money out of your 401(k)?
I never touched the money in the 401(k). I always had a taxable account on the side.
From day one, I put 10 percent and I moved it to 12 percent and I moved quickly up to 16 percent, sometimes even more, of my income straight into my retirement fund. That was between my roth IRA and my 401(k).
In 2009, I started to give money to my friend who was investing in a taxable account for me. Unfortunately, he wasn’t doing too well. I would give him maybe $2,000 at a time and it was up to $10,000 in 2009. And he wasn’t doing too well even though the market was going up, so that’s when I started to manage my own account.
Then I had probably $25,000 in there and started to grow that rapidly. So at one point I was putting well over 30 percent of my income toward investing, whether it be the 401(k), the Roth IRA or the taxable account. And that’s really how I kind of grew my funds quickly.
When you took control of your investment account, what kind of vehicle did you use? And where did you look for guidance?
I failed a lot. I would make a lot of money and then I would lose a lot. I was trading options. I was trying to day trade. I was doing a lot of things that now I tell people not to do. So I actually stopped trading short term for about six months while I read a lot. I joined some online groups whether it be on LinkedIn or Meetup.com just to be able to talk to anybody and learn from anybody how to invest.
I saw the potential and I saw what compound interest could do over time so I was really, really into it but I was also stressed out when I was trading and just like anybody else, my emotions were playing against me.
Then I started to have a strategy. Eventually, I created my own investing algorithm and automated it and that’s one of the businesses I have now. Long story short, I started trading anything and everything and I wasn’t making a lot of money after all the commissions and the failures. Then I stopped trading, took it seriously and started to make money.
Are you mainly using individual stocks or are you using index funds and other mutual funds?
I use ETFs as well as individual stocks. My long-term investments are in mutual funds, they are in index funds. My short term stuff is mostly in individual stocks.
Did you essentially sell all of your taxable investments to pay off the debt or did you have more set aside?
I probably had $15,000 to $20,000 in cash. I also had at least $50,000 in my taxable account.
I think I pulled out $25,000 from my brokerage account and also used $10,000 worth of cash.
As soon as I pressed submit I just teared up because it was such a burden on my for a while.
Do you think you would have been able to pay off the debt nearly as quickly without the investments on the side?
I don’t know if what I did is necessarily the best option. I think the best option for a lot of people is to take it one step at a time. I was trying to learn the game of investing while I was trying to pay off a massive debt. I could have paid it off even quicker than I did because I was saving a lot of money.
I definitely don’t regret investing, especially in my 401(k). That’s the first thing I tell everyone to do even if you do have debt because that’s free money you don’t want to leave on the table [if your company is matching contributions].
Do you think you were able to do this because you had so much disposable income or because you had so much investment income?
What I tell people is make more money than you spend and invest the difference wisely. So the three pieces are your income, your expenses and your investments.
The better you do with all three of those pieces then the easier any goal is from a wealth standpoint.
My income was much higher than most people. Coming out of college I had an engineering degree so I did have a higher income. But I worked with plenty of other people who also had higher income and less debt but they didn’t pay off their debt as quickly as me.
The second piece is expenses, so it really doesn’t matter what you make. I really kept my expenses as low as I could. I lived in Houston. I lived in Jacksonville, Fla.
It doesn’t matter what you make. It’s what you spend. Of course, the third piece is the investing piece and that gave me the opportunity to make a lot of money and gave me the opportunity to pay it off quickly.
Aside from living in a low-cost city, what else did you do to keep your expenses low?
Everything I did from a financial perspective was strategic.
The two biggest expenses people have is housing and transportation. I always had a roommate early on. The first was renting for six months while I looked for a home. The second place I lived in was a home that I bought mutually with a friend. That was a good opportunity for us to get the lowest interest rate.
We reduced each other’s rent and we took advantage of Obama’s housing credit.
My third place was a foreclosure. I bought that by myself, lived there by myself and that gave me the opportunity to have a mortgage payment of $148. I did have some housing association fees on top of it, but my housing was really low.
I did what I could in whatever place I lived to reduce my housing expenses.
The second one was transportation. I lived within 10 miles of work. In Jacksonville, I worked from home. I also had a $9,000 Honda. So my friends were all buying BMWs and new Nissans and I had this old beat up Honda. It worked for me, it did the job and it kept me from getting into additional debt. I bought it right before I graduated.
That is the car loan you had when you graduated from college. How did you handle that debt?
That one had a higher interest rate than most of my student loans so I paid that off pretty quickly, I think within six months of graduation.
What was the plan of attack for the rest of your debt?
I put every loan I had on a spreadsheet. Every balance, every interest rate, every single piece of information.
There are two methods that most people talk about. One is the snowball method that Dave Ramsey talks about [which involves paying off the smallest debt first]. The other is the stacking method, which you go after the highest interest rate first, and that’s the one I did. Since the car loan felt to me like a bad loan, since it had the second-highest interest rate, I wanted to get that debt out of the way as quick as possible.
Long story short, I paid two times the required minimum payment every month toward the car and then paid the last $2,000. That was paid off well before a year after graduation. Then after that I had just the Sallie Mae loans left and attacked those one at a time.
At some points in time I would pay the minimum on all of my loans while I invested and made more money there. It wasn’t as strategic as it should have been, but once I learned how to invest I felt like it was a better opportunity for me to make money than to pay off debt.
One other thing I tried that didn’t work was I called into as many debt relief programs as I could. My salary was too high to qualify but I think it’s something important that other people can look into.
Related: A guide to paying off your student loans
What can people learn from your experience?
The first thing is to really commit to getting out of debt. I was 100 percent committed. What I wanted was peace of mind and freedom from the worries.
I think that’s really the first step for everybody: to decide enough is enough.
That made it easy for me to make the decisions. To sacrifice on my car, to sacrifice on my housing.
Once you paid off your debt, what did you do with the money that was going to those monthly payments?
Every penny went toward my investing business. Then I eventually sold my foreclosure home and all of that money went toward my business. And that’s how I was able to build up my fortune so that I was able to leave the corporate world and travel around and do some pretty cool things. Really, investments became my number one goal after that.
One question I get most often from people is if they should prioritize paying down debt or if they should use their money to invest to save for a house or to invest in something that could grow over time. In your experience, what can you say to people about balancing those two?
If you have a 401(k) opportunity, you have to take advantage of that. It will save you one, on taxes. And two, if you get a corporate match that’s a great opportunity. Then the question becomes how much do you save? And I would say as much as you can and then some. It’s hard to do, but what it takes is making it automatic so that you don’t have to worry about it. Once it’s out of sight, once we don’t have that money to spend we find a way to get by.
The second priority is to attack that debt because it’s hard to get ahead until we’re out of debt. Whether it’s a mortgage or student loans or credit cards it doesn’t matter.
Start with a 401(k) then work toward the debt. And once you’ve cleared that debt then work on investing. I never reduced the payments toward my 401(k) or my IRA.
There’s a lot of emphasis now on making sure your college degree will lead to a job. Part of that debate is encouraging people to study science fields, or STEM. Is this something you thought about when you chose your major?
What I knew engineering school was going to do for me was open up some opportunities.
I would maybe push back a little bit with somebody who believes the major is the be all, end all. I’ve interviewed so many wealthy people and it’s interesting the careers they’ve gone on. They’ve either jumped from career to career or they’ve gone and done something different things from their major.
What I suggest to people is to look at where you want to go — and it changes — and what experiences you need to get there.
There’s a common set of experiences most people will want to kind of check off their list. Sales is something that is priceless. If you get sales experience it’s going to pay off in some way, shape or form. Another one is maybe operations, just understanding the flow of things. Another one is management. If you have understanding or at least experiences in those three you have the opportunity to do a lot of things.
It’s a way of using your career and experience as tools instead of what you “should” be doing.
Read More:

Senior Technical Analyst IIFLSenior Technical Analyst
IIFL
Pritesh Mehta has completed Mass Communication Studies from KC College during 2004-2005. He also did Master of Business Administration (MBA) from Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies.
ABOUT Pritesh Mehta
Pritesh Mehta has completed Mass Communication Studies from KC College during 2004-2005. He also did Master of Business Administration (MBA) from Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies.

Congress slams move to disband Plan panelCongress slams move to disband Plan panel
Our Bureau/Agencies
There is an emotional attachment to it, says party MP
New Delhi, December 1:  
The Congress, supported by the Trinamool Congress, Rashtriya Janata Dal and CPI(M), on Monday opposed the Centre’s move to ‘dismantle’ the Planning Commission. The Commission, on the other hand, should be strengthened, said the party.
Raising the issue during Zero Hour in the Lok Sabha, Congress leader Adhir Chowdhury said the country has an “emotional attachment” with the “great institution” constituted as a think-tank after Independence.
“If there are any shortcomings, what is required is mending, not ending. You should not dismantle it but rejuvenate it,” he said.
The Planning Commission is an important independent institution which has been guiding the development of various States, he added.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had announced in his August 15 speech that the Plan panel would be replaced with a new entity in line with the new economic realities. The Centre is said to be working on the modalities of the proposed Neeti Ayog (Policy Commission), which are likely to be announced soon.
(This article was published on December 1, 2014)
Related

USL stock brushes aside shareholderalarmHindalco Industries shares plunge on special court's orders
The United Spirits scrip slipped over 8% in early morning trade on Monday before recovering to end the session 0.5% lower than Friday’s close. While most of the institutional shareholders that FE spoke to said they had not sold shares, they confirmed they had voted against several resolutions put to vote at the extra ordinary general meeting (EGM) on Friday. Of the 12 resolutions put to vote nine were not passed. Some fund managers said they voted against the resolutions as they believed these would  favour Vijay Mallya and put unnecessary financial burden on the Diageo-controlled United Spirits.
The fall in stock price, dealers said, may have been the result of profit-taking.
As per disclosures on the exchanges, institutional shareholders were instrumental in deciding the fate of the resolutions at the EGM. Of the 4.04 crore shares held by the institutions — both domestic and foreign — 38.86% of votes were polled, while of the 1.93 crore shares held by non-institutional shareholders, including HNIs and retail investors, 0.62% of votes were polled.
Among the special resolutions proposed at the EGM, a property maintenance services agreement with Kingfisher Finvest was disapproved as 77.17% of the votes were against the resolution. A fund manager speaking on conditions of anonymity said, “The loan arrangements and property maintenance services arrangements with other companies don’t make sense. We feel these transactions would put unnecessary financial burden on United Spirits.”
As per the latest annual report, the company paid R14 crore to Kingfisher Finvest towards ‘property maintenance fees’ in FY14. Among other resolutions, a loan arrangement with United Breweires (Holdings) was also disapproved.
Special resolutions were proposed for sponsorship agreement with United Racing and Bloodstock Breeders (URBB) and United Mohun Bagan Football Team. Both the resolutions were shot down.
Another fund manager said that while there was some uncertainty on the stock, the company was expected to do well in the long term.
Diageo holds 54.78% in United Spirits through its wholly-owned subsidiary Relay BV after it bought an additional 26% from public shareholders for R11,488 crore in July.
TAGS: United Spirits Vijay Mallya
More from indianmarkets

From Watts to Ferguson: Learning from Our Pastreddit
The violent protests that erupted after the grand jury refused to indict Ferguson, Mo., police officer Darren Wilson launched a new round of debate about how white police interact with African Americans.  But the problems laid bare by the current unrest go much deeper than police attitudes and tactics.
If Americans of goodwill want to understand the most fundamental lessons of the Ferguson situation and the angry response to the grand jury report, they have to look much more closely at social and economic issues that don't provide visuals for the TV cameras.  They have to look at issues that cut far closer to home, and I mean that literally.
The truth is that America is increasingly divided between affluent, largely white communities and poor, largely African American areas, with less and less opportunity for people in the latter areas to move to the former. We are steadily becoming a country composed of two societies that are separate and unequal, one white and the other black.
This is largely because of the failure of our housing and mortgage markets, and the inept response from state and federal governments.  Housing costs are increasing far faster than incomes for most Americans, but especially for minorities. Where jobs are not being created and housing costs are not rising, a new wave of decay, disinvestment and despair is taking hold, possibly for a long time to come.
The foreclosure crisis was hard on Americans of all races, but it was a disaster for communities of color. These areas, including Ferguson, were devastated by predatory lending and high rates of foreclosure as well as a high incidence of "negative equity," in which a home has a lower market value than the principal balance that is still owed on the mortgage loan.
In the zip code that includes Ferguson, 49 percent of homes are "underwater," another term for having negative equity at the end of 2013, according to "Underwater America," from the Haas Institute for a Fair and Inclusive Society at the University of California, Berkeley.
Nationwide, about 27 percent of homeowners in minority areas had negative equity compared to about 15 percent of owners in white areas, according to "The State of the Nation's Housing 2014," from the Harvard Joint Center for Housing Studies. In minority neighborhoods, the average decline in home prices from 2006 to 2013 was 25 percent, according to the report. That's roughly three times the decline experienced in white areas.
The problem is compounded by the overreaction to the foreclosure crisis, which resulted in denial of mortgage credit to aspiring first-time homebuyers, along with lingering high unemployment and wage stagnation.  The rate of homeownership among black households, a key measure of upward mobility, declined to 42.9 percent in the third quarter of 2014, far lower than the rate 72.6 percent for non-Hispanic whites, according to the Census Bureau.
When it comes to housing, the deck is stacked against minorities and all people with lower incomes.  Our system of land use and building regulation drives up housing costs, making decent homes and apartments harder for them to afford.  What's worse, it allows affluent communities to obstruct development of housing that's made relatively affordable by the provision of government subsidies -- a thinly veiled way to keep minorities out of their towns.
As one affordable housing advocate put it, communities of opportunity -- with jobs, good schools and safe streets -- have become like private clubs where minorities are not welcomed.
With all the recent discussions about growing income inequality, it's time to recognize that housing affordability and the mobility of lower-income households are crucial factors in their ability to move up economically and narrow the income gap.
In 2015, it will have been 50 years since our country saw the start of a series of race riots that had the president and Congress wondering if we were on the verge of a race war.
The trouble started in the summer of 1965 when a traffic stop in the Watts section of Los Angeles triggered six days of rioting, resulting in 34 deaths and destruction of or damage to hundreds of buildings.
This was followed by riots in other cities, including Cleveland in 1966 and Newark in 1967. In 1968, after the assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr., rioting broke out in dozens of cities. The good news is that these upheavals prompted President Lyndon Johnson to push Congress and state officials to face up to the underlying conditions that primed the inner cities for explosions of violence and anger.
In September 1965, Congress created the Department of Housing and Urban Development. In 1965 and again in 1968, it enacted an extensive array of government programs to build affordable housing and revitalize our cities. It passed the Fair Housing Act, which prohibited discrimination in the provision of housing.
The bad news is that there's a powerful political movement to stop funding many housing and urban development programs. Many have already been slashed or eliminated, including the transformative HOPE VI program for redevelopment of our most decayed public housing projects.
While budget cutters attack government subsidy programs, opponents of affordable housing are working hard to roll back and obstruct the fair housing laws that obligate localities to allow construction of housing that low-income minorities can afford.
In my new book, Rebuilding a Dream , I point out that we have a tremendous track record of successfully addressing housing and urban problems.  What we need now is the political will to keep investing in programs that work -- and new ideas that require political courage at the local level and smart policies, such as tax incentives, at the federal level.
My book warns that continued steps backward will exacerbate inequality and create more anger and mistrust -- conditions that could bring a new wave social upheaval. (For info on the book, go to www.p4sc.org)
Even as our population is becoming more diverse, our communities are becoming more segregated. "Arrested progress in the fight against poverty and residential segregation has helped concentrate many African-Americans in some of the least desirable housing in some of the lowest-resourced communities in America," according to a 2013 report from the Economic Policy Institute (EPI).
Nearly half (45 percent) of poor black children live in neighborhoods with concentrated poverty, but only a little more than a tenth (12 percent) of poor white children live in similar neighborhoods, EPI said.
The observation at the start of this commentary that America was increasingly divided into two unequal societies, one black and one white, was taken from the report of the Kerner Commission , which was appointed to look at the reasons for the urban unrest of 1968.
For the past half-century, we've made progress bridging the gaps between the races and addressing inequality.  If we don't want history to repeat itself, we cannot stop now. We must tell Congress to stop cutting successful housing and urban programs.  On the contrary, it must restore funding cut over the last several years.
More:

Will Governor Raghuram Rajan bite the bullet todayWill Governor Raghuram Rajan bite the bullet today
Nifty seen opening lower; RBI policy eyedDow Jones
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty seen opening lower on Tuesday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets ahead of RBI monetary policy due later today. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to retest its crucial psychological level of 8540-8550 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 38.50 point lower at 8,561 indicating a negative opening on the domestic market.
A majority of bankers expect the RBI to keep interest rates unchanged, says ET Now poll. Any dovish commentary would lead to further spike in the market.
Most analysts expect the central bank to maintain status-quo on key policy rates on Tuesday. According to an ET Now poll, almost 80 per cent of respondents expect RBI to hold key policy rates on Tuesday, while only 20 per cent of bankers expect a repo rate cut of 25 bps.
Nifty ended the day with a loss of 32 points as profit taking dragged it down and it concluded at 8555. While, the Sensex shed 122 points in value and closed at 28571 on Monday.
"Nifty now has immediate support placed at 8500 and the index would remain firm as long as 8500 is respected. Positional traders may now trail the stop loss of long positions to 8420 as it has now emerged as a key support for the index," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"If Nifty manages to sustain above 8500 then the recent gains may extend higher and Nifty may test 8710 in coming few sessions. In an alternate scenario if 8420 is breached then that may serve as an indication of short term weakness," added the report.
Overnight, U.S. stocks fell with the S&P 500 suffering its biggest one-day drop in more than a month, as economic data indicated weakness across the globe.
"Growth in the U.S. manufacturing sector slowed for a third straight month in November, decelerating to its most sluggish since January, according to Markit. The ISM report also showed a slowing pace of growth, though it was stronger than expected," Reuters reported.
"Manufacturing growth across Asia and Europe eased last month as heavy price cuts failed to revive demand," added the report.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 51.44 points, or 0.29 percent, to 17,776.9, the S&P 500 lost 14.12 points, or 0.68 percent, to 2,053.44 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 64.28 points, or 1.34 percent, to 4,727.35.
Asian shares were trading mixed. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.09 per cent lower at 17,574 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.16 per cent lower at 23,338. China's Shanghai index was trading 0.01 per cent higher at 2,680.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jharkhand polls: 2nd phase of polling begins in 20constituenciesBy: Press Trust of India | Ranchi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 9:14 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 1:52 pm
About 16.32 per cent turnout was recorded in the first two hours in 20 Jharkhand Assembly constituencies across seven Maoist-hit districts where polling was underway on Tuesday in the second phase.
Brisk polling was being reported from many places, an Election Commission official said.
“Long queues can be seen at several booths,” he said.
Barring the replacement of a defective EVM at one of the booths in the Jaganathpur assembly constituency, polling was going on smoothly and peacefully, the official said.
Amid tight security, polling began at 7 AM in all the 20 constituencies.
While voting will end at 3 PM in 18 constituencies, it will continue upto 5 PM at Jamshedpur (West) and Jamshedpur (East) seats, the official said.
A total of 44,31,900 voters, including 21,72,982 women, are eligible to cast their franchise in 5,048 polling stations. 223 candidates, including 35 women, are in the fray.
The EC has deployed 20 general observers, 10 expenditure observers, two police observers, two awareness observers and 512 micro observers for this phase of polling.
A total 349 polling stations have been selected for webcasting across the 20 constituencies.
Besides former chief ministers Arjun Munda (Kharsawan) and Madhu Koda (Majhgaon), former deputy chief minister Raghubar Das who is currently the national vice president of BJP (Jamshedpur East), three state ministers including Banna Gupta (Jamshedpur-West), Geetashree Oraon (Sisai), Champai Soren (Seraikella) and several sitting and former MLAs are trying their luck.
First phase polling was held in 13 Maoist-affected seats of the state on November 25 last which witnessed a turnout of 62 per cent. Five-stage elections are being held to the 81-member Jharkhand assembly
This is the third Assembly election in Jharkhand which was carved out of Bihar in 2000.
Brisk polling was reported in several of the 20 constituencies of seven Maoist-hit districts in Jharkhand where second-phase voting is on for the 81-seat Assembly on.
Polling was going on peacefully and 32.10 per cent of the total 44,31,900 voters exercised their franchise in the first four hours, Election Commission sources said.
Long queues were seen in the Maoist-hit areas, where election is being held amid tight security.
Till 11 AM, Baharagora constituency registered the maximum voter turnout of 44.38 per cent followed by Jagannathpur 43 per cent, Majhgaon 40 per cent and Tamar 29 per cent, the sources said.
Barring a defective EVM machine being replaced in Jaganathpur, polling is incident-free, the sources said.
Former Chief Minister Madhu Koda and his MLA wife Gita Koda cast their votes in Jaganathpur constituency.
While Koda is contesting from Majhgaon (ST) seat, his wife is fighting from Jaganathpur (ST) constituency.
Another former Chief Minister Arjun Munda and his wife Meera Munda also exercised his franchise from Kharsawan, from where he is contesting for the fifth time.
BJP Vice President and former deputy chief minister continued…

 Infosys  Hero MotoCorp  IRB Infra in Focus TodayYou are here: Home Cheat Sheet
Infosys, Hero MotoCorp, IRB Infra in Focus Today
NDTV | Updated On: December 02, 2014 09:52 (IST)
Tweet
The Nifty opened lower on Tuesday tracking futures trade on Singapore Stock Exchange. Both foreign and domestic investors remained net sellers of Indian equities on Monday. Domestic investors sold stocks worth Rs 555 crore, while foreign investors were net sellers to the tune of Rs 12 crore only in cash market. Market will look for cues from the RBI's credit policy due to be announced today.
Here are the stocks likely to see action today:
Infosys: Shares of Infosys goes ex-bonus today. The company had announced 1 bonus share for every one share held in the company. Those shareholders who will be buying shares of Infosys today will not be eligible for bonus issue.
Hero MotoCorp reported 3 per cent year-on-year (y-o-y) jump in its auto sales for the month of November to 5.47 lakh units. Nomura had estimated its November sales at 5.34 lakh units.
Tata Motors' November auto sales grew 2 per cent y-o-y to 41,720 units against 40,863 units in November 2013. Nomura had estimated its November sales at 40,600 units.
Pfizer/Wyeth: Drug maker Pfizer on Monday announced completion of its merger with Wyeth. Post this merger Pfizer becomes one among the top ten pharmaceutical companies in India by market share.
IRB Infrastructure Developers announced that Pathankot-Amritsar BOT Project, which was implemented by its wholly-owned SPV, has been issued a provisional completion certificate by the competent authority with effect from November 27, 2014. Post this the SPV has started collecting toll on this project from November 28.
Dewan Housing Finance: Board of Directors of the company have approved fund raising plans to raise up to Rs 10,000 crore through issue of commercial papers on private placement basis.
Sun Pharma Advanced Research Company (SPARC) receives Complete Response Letter (CRL) from USFDA for Latanoprost NDA, which indicates the drug will not be approved in present form and will be delayed for few months.
Story first published on: December 02, 2014 09:52 (IST)

 Asia Stocks Rise as Crude Oil Rebound Brings ReliefYou are here: Home Market
Asia Stocks Rise as Crude Oil Rebound Brings Relief
Reuters | Updated On: December 02, 2014 07:20 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Tokyo: Asian equities gained on Tuesday as a rebound in the crude oil price gave resource-related sectors a breather, but Tokyo shares bucked the trend and slipped as the yen's losing streak was tempered.
Crude oil held to a swathe of gains after rebounding sharply overnight from five-year lows. The bounce in oil and other commodities was a good omen for currencies such as the Canadian and Australian dollars and also helped gold to bounce back. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was up 0.2 per cent. Australian shares gained 0.6 per cent.
Tokyo's Nikkei shed 0.4 per cent. Japanese equities and government bonds mostly shrugged off a downgrade of Japan's sovereign debt rating by Moody's on Monday.
The rating agency downgraded Japan by one notch to A1 from Aa3, citing rising uncertainty over the country's ability to hit its debt-reduction goal. The downgrade came just after Japanese premier Shinzo Abe opted to postponed an increase in sales tax intended to tackle Japan's debt burden.
"It can be said that the sales tax delay had gained the support of the international community as it was meant to help the economy amid a slowdown, and the downgrade is unlikely to change such views," said Masafumi Yamamoto, a market strategist at Praevidentia Strategy in Tokyo.
"As for Japanese government bonds (JGBs), which are more directly impacted by downgrades, any effect is likely to be temporary thanks to the Bank of Japan's quantitative easing. Past downgrades have also had little impact on JGBs," he said.
JGB 10-year futures were down 0.12 point at 146.78 but still within striking distance of a record high 146.96 hit on Monday.
The dollar dipped 0.1 per cent to 118.285 yen. In turbulent trade immediately after Moody's downgrade of Japan the greenback jumped to a seven-year high of 119.15 but its gains were pared.
The Canadian dollar rose to C$1.1327 per dollar from a one-month low of C$1.1459 and the Aussie shot back above 85 US cents, pulling away from a 4-1/2 year low of $0.8417.
US crude oil was down 0.8 per cent at $68.40 a barrel, after posting a 4 per cent rise overnight from a five-year low of $63.72 in a squeeze on bearish positions.
Gold, beaten down after Switzerland on Sunday voted against a proposal to boost gold reserves, also held on to gains after rebounding sharply on spillover support from the bounce in oil.
Spot gold was little changed at 1,205.40 an ounce after gaining 3.7 per cent the previous day.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

See negative opening following subdued global cues: VenturaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
See negative opening following subdued global cues: Ventura
According to Ventura Securities, markets to open on a negative note following subdued global cues.
Post your opinion here
 
Ventura Securities' Fundamental Report:
Sensex, on Monday, fell 134 points and closed at 28,559, as cautiousness prevailed ahead of RBI's policy meet today coupled with profit booking and subdued global cues.
Among sectors, Oil & Gas, Power, and Metals declined over 2 percent each. Among stocks, ONGC, Hindalco, and BHEL fell over 3 percent each. Market breadth was negative with 1,700 declines against 1,194 advances.
Nifty lost 32 points and closed at 8,556. Today we expect the markets to open on a negative note following subdued global cues and likely profit booking ahead of RBI's policy meet scheduled at 11:00 am today.
US markets ended the day on negative note. Dow Jones and Nasdaq were both down 0.29 percent and 1.35 percent, respectively following weak Chinese and European economic data. US markets, today, will see data releases on Construction Spending m/m, Total Vehicle Sales, and statements from FOMC and Fed members.
Asian markets are trading on a marginally negative note with Nikkei and Hang Seng both down by 0.02 percent and 0.05 percent, respectively. SGX Nifty is trading down by 36.5 points at 8,563.
Indian ADRs ended the day on a negative note. Among financial ADRs, ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank were both down by 1.17 percent and 4.33 percent, respectively. Among IT ADRs, Wipro was down by 0.16 percent, while Infosys closed flat. Tata Motors was down by 0.11 percent.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
RELATED NEWS

10-year bond yields on brink of 8% mark: Ashutosh RainaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
10-year bond yields on brink of 8% mark: Ashutosh Raina
The 10-year bond yields are at a kissing distance from psychological 8.00 percent mark and any action today can result in breach of this psychological mark, says Ashutosh Raina, HDFC Bank.
Post your opinion here
 
Ashutosh Raina, HDFC Bank said, "Bonds have rallied on the back of easing liquidity, lower crude oil prices and hopes of a rate cut by RBI. The 10-year bond yields are at a kissing distance from psychological 8 percent mark and any action today can result in breach of this psychological mark."
RELATED NEWS

USD-INR pair hovering around 62/USD: Ashutosh RainaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
USD-INR pair hovering around 62/USD: Ashutosh Raina
The USD-INR pair is hovering around the 62/USD mark, with markets keenly awaiting RBI Policy action, says Ashutosh Raina, HDFC Bank.
Post your opinion here
 
Ashutosh Raina, HDFC Bank said, "All eyes to the jury is completely divided on the prospects of a rate cut. Lower oil prices, and recent lower CPI and WPI inflation numday are on the RBI Credit Policy andbers make a case for the rate cut, but the impending impact of a higher base effect moving ahead may force RBI to adopt a wait and watch policy. The USD-INR pair is hovering around the 62/USD mark, with markets keenly awaiting RBI Policy action."
RELATED NEWS

Sensex opens on a weak note ahead of RBI policySensex opens on a weak note ahead of RBI policy
NSE futures fall ahead of RBI reviewNSE futures fall ahead of RBI review
Will lower oil prices push RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan to cut repo rateWill lower oil prices push RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan to cut repo rate
Government Rejects Vijay Mallya as Kingfisher Airlines DirectorGovernment Rejects Vijay Mallya as Kingfisher Airlines Director
Need to fast track decision making process in infrastructure sector: Nitin Gadkari saysNeed to fast track decision making process in infrastructure sector: Nitin Gadkari says
RBI seen holding rates  to keep focus on inflationRBI seen holding rates  to keep focus on inflation
D-Street cautious ahead of RBI policyHi Guest
D-Street cautious ahead of RBI policy
Market retreats from record high; VIX index climbs to 1-week high The Indian market fell from its lifetime high levels as investors turned risk-averse ahead of the Reserve Bank of India policy meeting on Tuesday. The India VIX index -- a fear gauge -- climbed to one-week high, as traders braced for volatility on the expectation that the central bank is likely to keep key policy rates unchanged. The benchmark BSE Sensex after touching a record of 28,809.64, ended 135 points or 0.47 per cent ...

India Inc awaits rate cut boost in RBI s monetary policyIndia Inc awaits rate cut boost in RBI s monetary policy
Buy Tata Motors  target Rs 550-555: Rahul Mohindar08:00 am
Rahul Mohindar of viratechindia.com told CNBC-TV18, " Tata Motors if it opens a bit soft, may be around Rs 530-532, that is an area I would like to buy it. I have seen very strong support on the intraday charts at Rs 529, so keeping that in mind I will look at buying Tata Motors."
"I have got targets of Rs 550-555 which could even be touched in a day or two. So this could be an interesting buy keeping a stoploss at Rs 527," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Brent slips below $72 after sharp rallyBrent crude slips below $72 after sharp rally
Reuters
Tweet
Singapore, Dec 2:  
Brent crude slipped below $72 a barrel on Tuesday, giving up some of the gains seen on Monday, when the prices rallied for the first time in six sessions and closed up more than 3 per cent.
Oil futures on both sides of the Atlantic have plunged close to 40 per cent over the past five months, also their longest string of monthly losses since the 2008 global financial crisis, as supply growth led by the US shale oil boom exceeded demand.
A decision by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries to maintain output has further pummelled prices.
Brent crude dipped 64 cents to $71.90 a barrel by 0327 GMT. US crude fell 57 cents to $68.43 a barrel.
“Saudi Arabia and OPEC no longer have the mechanism to balance markets from the supply side,’’ said Mark Keenan, head of commodities research Asia at Societe Generale.
“Markets will have to balance themselves. As they learn how to do that, volatility will be very elevated.’’
Both contracts touched five-year lows on Monday before surging to post their first gain in about one week.
“Yesterday much of the move higher right across the entire commodity complex ... suggests that there was a strong element of people increasing their allocation to commodities, taking advantage of these low prices,’’ Keenan said.
Investors’ portfolio adjustments are usually done at the start of the month, he added.
Falling crude prices are an unprecedented test for the producers of unconventional oil, head of the International Energy Agency (IEA) told Reuters on Monday.
“Breakeven varies from block to block,’’ IEA Executive Director Maria van der Hoeven said in an interview. “Light tight oil producers in the US, Canadian oil sands are achieving impressive cost savings. We have to wait and see.’’
As crude prices tumble, offshore drillers globally are increasingly considering “warm stacking’’ their rigs to take them temporarily off the market.
Norway’s Statoil has postponed a decision to invest 40 billion crowns in a mature field.
US oil producers have been racing full-speed ahead to drill new shale wells in recent years, even in the face of lower oil prices. But new data suggests that the much-anticipated slowdown in shale country may have finally arrived.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Mkt to see choppiness  stop loss at 8420: Sudarshan Sukhani08:00 am
In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy, Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics shared his outlook on various stock specific bets and the road ahead for market hereon.
Sukhani sees a directionless market with a lot of choppiness. He further advises investors to trail stop losses and not targets, as he feels this market can give us any reward so there is no need to put a target.
In addition, he is upbeat on Asian Paints, Cipla and GAIL.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: That was a down day, which perhaps shook some of the bulls or at least traders in the market. Do you expect to see more of that today?
A: I expect to see a lot of choppiness, which means a directionless market. Yesterday the Nifty went below 8470 and 8470 was our very tight stop loss for long traders in the short-term, that was what we had said on Monday afternoon. So they should be out of this market, if they are not, let them be out now. Our stop losses for the position trades are 8420 and that number also should be kept in mind. If you remember we have not been talking about targets, just trailing our stop losses because this market can give us any reward so there is no need to put a target. With this it is possible that we may be entering another zone for choppiness.
Q: When we started of this week you had indicated that one should trade this market on the long side. Given what we saw yesterday as a positional trader would you change your stance?
A: It is just one day, it is only fair because we have been so used to these up days, one down day shook us all up but it is still one day, you don’t change your stance and it is a very fair question. It is too early even to think about that.
Q: You have a buy on Asian Paints  this morning?
A: It is a better chart, it has been in a trading range for three-four days now. A lot of yesterdays declines were mainly because of ITC and banks, you already know that. But Asian Paints has been holding its own, a blue-chip company, one of the outperformers, in a trading range. If this market inches up even in a choppy market, this one could go up again, it is a relatively reasonable buying opportunity.
Q: Cipla  also moved towards defensive?
A: Yes that is the only place where the patterns are available. I have explained earlier that we do not start identifying trades with defensives in mind but the chart give us that and Cipla is a same story; small correction, trading range quite likely a breakout on the upside.
Q: You were not too gung-ho on Mahindra and Mahindra ( M&M ) for a while but you think that chart has turned now. You have a buy there?
A: The only stock we could find in the auto space where buying is justified. It is finding strong support at lower levels. This is a buy on dips and a high risk trade. M&M’s chart is indifferent, it has been underperforming, maybe a small trade is coming up here and that’s why we are long, always keep you stop losses.
Q: HDFC  also has not been a very great performer, not even a market performer perhaps. You turn a buyer today?
A: Yes. HDFC has been in a trading range. It’s on the verge of making lifetime new highs. It did that yesterday on a day when the market and the banks were slightly subdued, so there is a message here and it is just that there is a certain amount of strength coming in. It is a short-term trade; we should be a buyer here.
Q: You have a sell call on CESC ?
A: CESC is a very shabby chart. It has been falling; it goes up in a vertical line then gives up all its gains. It’s on the verge of a breakout on the downside. It’s not been a favourite for sometime, earlier it was. There is more downside coming here and the very fact that we are getting a short sell is interesting.
Q: GAIL  is a buy?
A: GAIL is a buy. It came back to a strong support level after that very sharp rally and a sharp decline. There is support at Rs 460-465. This support should hold. It is very strong. It’s also a positional trade, keep a slightly wide stop and keep a stop around Rs 435. You could also be a buyer here otherwise. It’s a day trade. The stops are tighter there. It’s also positional.
Q: Early morning moves are indicating that the Nifty is steadying itself around yesterdays closing levels but too early to tell?
A: Yes it is too early to tell, the markets can do anything but I wouldn’t expect a significant decline like yesterday so this is going to be choppy, it could be 30 points down and a few points up, all in all a very confusing environment. It is best left alone the Nifty and the Bank Nifty both. The focus is on the CNX IT, I think IT stocks will find support and pharma, which we discussed in the morning, that continues. Among the list we can add Sun Pharma which is in the green and which promises perhaps some gains.
Q: How would you advice a day trade or a position trade on ITC?
A: A day trade is justified at current levels, don’t worry about the 2 percent gain. When good stocks fall on the back of news or rumours, the buying opportunity comes the next day, it is available today on both accounts whether it is a position trade or a day trade I would be a buyer.
Q: Today there are two good stocks Bharti Airtel and Bajaj Auto that have fallen on the back of news. Would you buy either of them on this dip?
A: No but we have to see the recovery like ITC has shown us that recovery is coming so perhaps in the afternoon or tomorrow morning or whenever they start bouncing back that is a time to buy them.
Q: Do you like any of the infrastructure stocks at this juncture at all? We haven’t discussed about IRB Infrastructure and such like in a long time, is there anything in that pack?
A: No I won’t go for infrastructure stocks just now. They are ripe for a significant correction and let that come about, it is a long way off.
Q: What about the auto ancillaries, Motherson Sumi, Bharat Forge, even the auto stocks Ashok Leyland and TVS? We have seen some bit of the money that they made getting creamed off. Where do you stand on any of these trading positional strategies?
A: For Ashok Leyland and TVS I would be a buyer even in the short-term as a swing trader except that tomorrow is F&O expiry but once you find some stability both stocks currently represent buying opportunities for the short-term trader. Motherson Sumi continues to be a positional trade. It is not about levels, if you buy now and hold for three-four months before the budget there is money in it.
Q: Today all real estate stocks are down 2-3 percent, are you sensing any kind of shorting opportunities in the real estate sector or is it a space just best left avoided now?
A: It is avoided for buying including Indiabulls Real Estate which has been my favourite, even that has now given up a lot of its gains and that is a pity but I think DLF, Unitech and HDIL all three F&O stocks are available for shorting which means there is a short selling opportunity here. Short selling should be done only by professional traders but it is there, the chances are there.
Q: Yesterday we saw a goodish bit of beating down of the ADAG group, Reliance Communications, Reliance Infra, Reliance Capital, etc saw a lot of selling as did the JP Group. In any of these are you spotting a trading strategy?
A: Not in the JP Group but in the ADAG group there are buying opportunities but not today. Perhaps in a couple of days they will emerge.
RELATED NEWS

Funds mop-up via preferential route drops over 38% in Apr-OctBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: November 26, 2014 2:34 pm | Updated: November 26, 2014 2:38 pm
Funds mobilisation by listed companies through preferential allotment of shares dropped by 38.5 per cent to Rs 21,422 crore during the first seven months of 2014-15 as compared to the same period last year.
For April-October 2013, firms had garnered Rs 34,851 crore through issuance of shares to their respective promoters and shareholders on a preferential basis, latest data compiled by capital market regulator Sebi showed.
However, the cumulative number of preferential issues stood at 293 for April-October 2014, 42 issues more than what was witnessed in the preceding period.
Month-wise, the fund mop-up in May this fiscal was the highest amount (Rs 5,142 crore) garnered by companies through issue of preferential shares, followed by Rs 3,271 crore raised in June.
Besides, companies had raised Rs 3,160 crore in April, Rs 2,159 crore in July, Rs 2,265 crore in August and Rs 2,821 crore in September.
For October, there were 39 preferential allotments valued at Rs 2,605 crore, a decline of 7.65 per cent in terms of value over the preceding month.
The latest data with Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) was available only till October.
Of the total Rs 21,422 crore fund mop-up in the current fiscal, an amount of Rs 14,193 crore was mobilised from 119 issues listed on country’s two stock exchanges – BSE and NSE.
Moreover, Rs 4,437 crore was raised through 61 issues listed on the BSE, while funds amounting to Rs 3,324 crore were garnered from 126 issues on the NSE during the period under review.

Rupee falls to 9-month low of 62.03 vs dollarforeign exchange market
Bucking the strong trend in stocks, the Indian rupee on Friday tumbled 16 paise to close at almost nine-month low of 62.03 against the dollar following sustained dollar demand from importers, including oil firms.
The rupee was also under pressure after government data showed that fiscal deficit touched 89.6 per cent of the Budget Estimates for 2014—15 to cross Rs 4.75 lakh crore at the end of October.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced lower at 61.93 a dollar from previous close of 61.87. It tried to recover by touching intra-day high of 61.8775.
Later, it met with strong resistance on heavy month-end dollar demand from importers, mainly oil refiners, and fell back to a low of 62.0725. It finally concluded at 62.03, showing a fall of 16 paise or 0.26 per cent. Previously, it had closed at 62.04 on March 3, 2014.
Stocks continued their upward sprint for the third straight session on Friday with benchmark Sensex galloping 255.08 points to 28,693.99 and Nifty surging 94.05 points to 8,588.25 as tumbling oil prices strengthened the case for a rate cut by the RBI next week.
Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) injected $119.41 million on Thursday, as per Sebi data.
The dollar index was up by 0.14 per cent against its major global rivals.
Veracity Group CEO Pramit Brahmbhatt said: “Rupee traded weak on Friday taking cues from the dollar demand from oil importers though local equities traded strong. The trading range for the spot USD/INR pair is expected to be within 61.60 to 62.40.’’
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 61.9736 and for the Euro at 77.1633.
The rupee recovered slightly against the pound to 97.34 from Thursday’s close of 97.48 and also rebounded to 52.48 per 100 Japanese yen from 52.66.
It, however, declined further to 77.29 per euro from 77.18.

BSE market capitalisation crosses Rs. 100 lakh croreUpdated: November 29, 2014 21:09 IST
BSE market capitalisation crosses Rs. 100 lakh crore
Oommen A. Ninan
Tweet
AP
In terms of total market capitalisation of all listed companies on the Bombay Stock Exchange, the overall investor wealth in the Indian stock market rose to Rs. 100.01 lakh crore on Friday morning. File photo
TOPICS
stock exchanges
Investor wealth grows 10 times in a decade
Market capitalisation of all listed companies on Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), Asia first stock exchange, reached historic milestone of Rs. 100 lakh crore-mark on Friday for the first time.
The landmark level was reached in early morning trades when the market capitalisation (m-cap) touched Rs.100.01 lakh crore. However it slipped marginally below that level to close at Rs. 99,81,572 crore.
The benchmark 30-share Sensitive Index (Sensex) closed at 28693.99 with a gain of 255.08 points or 0.90 per cent. It touched an intra-day high of 28822.37, a record high surpassing the previous high of 28541.96 on November 24.
This achievement is a reflection of India's growth potential as seen from the foreign investor’s perspective as well as the competitiveness of Indian entrepreneurs to manage world class organisations, said Ashishkumar Chauhan, MD & CEO, BSE.
“How do we use stock market as a tool for catalysing industrial activity and create 30 crore new jobs over the next 20 years. Job creation is the most pressing issue India needs to resolve in the next 20 years. Stock markets can play a huge role in job creation”, said Mr. Chauhan, while talking to The Hindu.
“It has taken India and BSE 140 years to reach this milestone of Rs.100 lakh crore market capitalisation. However, given India's potential, the country should be able to achieve multiple times Rs. 100 lakh crore market capitalisation in time to come. In that sense, India has a long way to go on the path of job creation and wealth creation” Mr. Chauhan added. BSE has also increased its market share due to its faster technology which it introduced in April 2014. BSE launched its equity trading platform software ‘BOLT Plus’. This trading system is based on T7, the global trading architecture of Deutsche Bourse AG. One of the key features of the system is its response time of approximately 200 micro seconds, making it the fastest trading platform in the country. BSE's new technology, which is open source and low cost, can handle five lakh orders per second.
This cements India's place further as a growing world economic power. I believe this gets India to roughly 2.5 per cent of the world market cap and the ninth largest equity market globally. And if the new Government delivers on the economic front then one can see India rise further, given not too many countries are showing the growth/investment potential,” said Aashish Kamat, CEO of UBS.

Online risks stalk Black Friday shoppersBlack Friday shoppers under threat from cyber security breaches
Elizabeth Paton in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b1f884ac-74fb-11e4-a418-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stars participate in the Swachh Bharat campaignCelebrity
Celebrities participate in the Swachh Bharat campaign
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, had a couple of weeks ago launched the Swachh Bharat campign and nominated Salman Khan. Salman Khan and his team was seen in action cleaning up in Karjat. He was not the only celebrity to take up this mission. Here's a look
Juhi Chawal participates in the campaign.
1 / 30

BENEATH THE COVERS: How New Yorker artists Ferguson Broken Arch cover is filtered through his St. Louis past. [Q&A](courtesy of BOB STAAKE / The New Yorker)
 
THE NEW YORKER magazine covers are often topical, of course, but for the two most recent issues, they have particularly tapped the power of polarization.
On Monday, the front of a new issue was graced by “First Thanksgiving,” a Bruce McCall painting that struck a cultural two-fer by spoofing Thanksgiving and satirizing the Redskins naming controversy — deriving pointed humor from the tension between its colonial-era Native Americans and its white, name-appropriating “hosts” in modern Washington jerseys.
On newsstands this coming Monday is a cover that’s starker still. Anticipating the grand jury’s no-indictment decision for Officer Darren Wilson in the Ferguson, Mo., slaying of Michael Brown, artist Bob Staake rendered “Broken Arch” — an illustration in which Eero Saarinen’s iconic St. Louis structure has a gap at its apex, with its now-divided, sky-reaching ribs symbolically tinted black and white. (Each of the two backdrops is also chromatically segregated, heightening the overall effect.)
“I lived in St. Louis for 17 years, moving there from Los Angeles,” the Massachusetts-based Staake tells The Post’s Comic Riffs. “As an outsider, I think it gives me a unique and uncommon look at the city’s deep-rooted dynamics. …
“It is a beautiful city, but it didn’t take me long for me to perceive its ‘ugly’ racial underbelly — which is not uncommon in many other major American cities,” the illustrator continues. “As an artist/journalist who experienced the city’s dynamics firsthand, I used that knowledge as a filter for all the news coverage of Ferguson that I read, heard and saw.”
Comic Riffs caught up with Staake (a decades-long Post contributor and Style Invitational artist) to talk about his creative process, his cultural influences — and how conceptual artists commonly arrive at very similar ideas when mining the same Zeitgeist with the same symbolic tools.
MICHAEL CAVNA: Congratulations on the powerful cover, Bob. You’re no stranger to viral attention for your cover work, but what’s the reaction to this one been like? And has any aspect of that reaction surprised you?
BOB STAAKE: I’m always humbled when any of my New Yorker covers stimulates significant viral attention. When that happens, it reaffirms in my mind that I’m doing what I should be doing as an artist: creating images that spark discussion, debate and reflection.
When a cover of mine doesn’t engender a certain Zeitgeist, I wonder if I have somehow failed as an artist. The thing is, my best New Yorker covers provide a visual embarking point, offer graphic clues, but absolutely rely on a smart, educated reader to flesh out the image and interpret it in their own way. It is only by their personal decoding of the art that it suddenly makes a statement that speaks to them — uniquely and individually.
CAVNA: I’m curious: Because Ferguson is such a blanket-coverage story, it’s so easy to follow it in so many formats — from deep magazine essays and newspaper op-eds to roaming CNN live-shots and Twitter hashtags. How have you yourself followed this story over recent days, if not long months?
STAAKE: I lived in St.Louis for 17 years, moving there from Los Angeles. As an outsider, I think it gives me a unique and uncommon look at the city’s deep-rooted dynamics, even as St. Louis didn’t really welcome an outsider like me with open arms. It is a beautiful city, but it didn’t take me long for me to perceive its “ugly” racial underbelly — which is not uncommon in many other major American cities. So as an artist/journalist who experienced the city’s dynamics firsthand, I used that knowledge as a filter for all the news coverage of Ferguson that I read, heard and saw.
[SEE: 15 of the Most Striking #Ferguson Cartoons so far ]
CAVNA: So was this cover one of those “thunderbolt” ideas, striking you out of the blue, or was this the result of a more methodical process — perhaps a ticking-off of relevant symbols? What’s your creative process — and was this concept a typical process for you?
STAAKE: I love the idea of a “thunderbolt.” My best New Yorker covers are ideas that strike me like a BANG, and seem to come out of nowhere. This most current cover, “Broken Arch,” actually came about three weeks ago when I was watching a CNN news report about the rumors that there would be no grand-jury indictment. Immediately in my mind, I saw the continuous and connected Gateway Arch — but divided among racial lines. I tried to explain the idea to my wife, she couldn’t quite “see” it, so I went to my studio to draw it up. When she saw the completed design, the idea suddenly made complete sense to her — no words were needed, no yammering — just a simple and [hopefully] poetic image that spoke in a quiet way through the language of art.
 
(courtesy of BOB STAAKE / The New Yorker)
CAVNA: This cover feels of a piece with your famed Rainbow Columns at White House cover ( “Spectrum of Light” ) for the New Yorker in 2012, upon Obama’s endorsement of gay marriage. That is, symbolic colors on an iconic structure to reflect a hot-button cultural moment in America — although tonally, in emotion and color, they are so different. And both covers resonated with so many. Could you speak to any particular similarities or differences that strike you about the two — or in relation to any other of your covers?
STAAKE: As an artist, I have never wanted to live in a vacuum — and that isn’t always easy when you work in solitude in your studio. I leave my house, I walk those 60 steps, I stoke the fireplace, I turn on NPR and the BBC, I read The Post and the Times, and I try to find a way to condense and distill a big issue into a succinct graphic statement. My brilliant art director at The New Yorker, Françoise Mouly, and I have often talked about how different a classic Norman Rockwell Saturday Evening Post cover is from a New Yorker. “With Rockwell,” she’ll say, “the entire story is in the art — but with a great New Yorker cover, we expect you as a reader to ‘figure it out’ and make it sing.” I could not agree more. To the extent that my covers rely on color, allusion, metaphor and parodies of accepted referential points, I always use whatever tools necessary for me to drive my point home in the most concise and streamlined way.
CAVNA: When you create a cover like this one, what are some of your aims — what do you most focus on? Is it to have a conceptual “take” on the story, or are you trying to channel your emotional response to it? [I know as a longtime editorial cartoonist, I often tried to do both.] Do you have a heat-seeking mission?
STAAKE: How can I through art find a way to get down to the bare bones, here? How can I reduce this insanely complex issue into a single image? My job is to find a way. More important, I absolutely want to create a graphically evocative image that forces the reader to react. I’m not averse to creating pretty pictures, but to produce a piece of art that causes a reader to think, that ultimately pushes an otherwise flat image into a completely new dimension.
CAVNA: Did Françoise [Mouly] have any feedback on your sketch or sketches — was this idea revised at all in discussion prior to publication? Or was it: “Run as is!”?
STAAKE: This was a cover that I created independently. There was no sketch, just my final color artwork. While editorial input can be helpful, the cover was created, submitted, and then I hoped for the best. At the approval stage, every single one of my New Yorker covers then become an editorial conversation between David Remnick, Françoise Mouly and myself — and I wouldn’t have it any other way. This particular cover, however, was not changed, altered or modified in any way, and that is pretty rare for a New Yorker cover.
CAVNA: Speaking of your responding to this story, you have roots in Los Angeles, and perhaps might remember, though you were quite young, the Watts Riots — which were also sparked like a match-head by a black suspect/white officer incident at a car, and began nearly 50 years ago, almost to the day, as when Michael Brown was killed. In the Ferguson story, do you see echoes of the Watts Riots or the Rodney King-verdict reaction, to cite L.A. events?
STAAKE: While I was a very young boy in Los Angeles and remember the Watts Riots, I am certain that the Rodney King incident/verdict subliminally helped to inform my “Broken Arch” cover. The secret manner in which the grand jury in St Louis conducted itself, this gave me –and many others in Ferguson and across the nation — great pause. Again, having lived in the city for 17 years, I unfortunately had no doubt whatsoever that the grand jury would not indict. Failing to put all the cards on the table and allow witnesses to be cross-examined — I think that simply fed into the city’s racial divide and lack of trust in the process itself.
CAVNA: So, to pivot toward the hands-on artmaking: You’re noted for being a fan of older digital-art programs, like PhotoShop 3.0. What did you use to create this cover — and do you sketch on paper first, or is every step digital?
STAAKE: I am fortunate to have a weird mind that can sort of handle the whole “sketching” process in my brain, so for this particular cover, there wasn’t a pencil sketch. So much of the image relies on stark colors to make its points, so by skipping the sketch phase and going straight to final art, I got an immediate sense that the design would “work.” The other nice thing about submitting the final art in lieu of a sketch is that Françoise and David then know exactly how the cover will look. Many times, my sketches simply evoke my broad ideas and aren’t a good indicator of how I would complete the art if and when the rough sketch was approved.
CAVNA: Editorial cartoonist R.J. Matson noted that he did a “divided Arch” cartoon , but I would contend that because illustrators work so often in the language of symbols, most every iconic structure or site in the United States — from the Statue of Liberty to Mount Rushmore to the Space Needle — has been used in cartoons and other illustrated commentary. Could you speak to this “Yahtzee” effect a bit? Readers might be surprised by it, but most zeitgeist-surfing cartoonists I know rarely are.
STAAKE: R.J., me and every other editorial cartoonist and illustrator accepts that when we rely on using established, iconic architecture to make our points, similar graphic ideas and concepts are bound to be published. When five editorial cartoonists in five different cities essentially create the same cartoon showing the Statue of Liberty shedding a tear after the collapse of the World Trade Towers, we call it the “Yahtzee effect” — but I call it the “two-artists-walk-into-a-cocktail-party-and-realize-they’re-both-wearing-the-same-dress-effect.”
When my cover came out [online], within moments The New Yorker received an email with R.J.’s previously published editorial cartoon showing the arch crumbling and divided at the top, the south leg labeled ‘WHITE,” the north leg labeled “BLACK.” That was the first I saw the cartoon. No conspiracy here, folks — talk to any cartoonist or conceptual illustrator and they will assure you that this happens all the time.
[SEEING DOUBLE: Visual originality in an Internet world ]
CAVNA: What’s on your drawing board/screen right now — and do you have any projects you’re particularly excited about?
STAAKE: Four children’s books for Random House, Abrams and HarperCollins, character designs for a major animation project, more New Yorker covers — oh, and I also have to finish building a second wall of bookshelves in my studio.
[BENEATH THE COVERS: The real story behind The New Yorker's "Redskins Nation" cover ]
 
Writer/artist/visual storyteller Michael Cavna is creator of the "Comic Riffs" column and graphic-novel reviewer for The Post's Book World. He relishes sharp-eyed satire in most any form.

Integration with Diageo-United Spirits: Shareholders reject USL resolutionsUSL Chairman Vijay Mallya (file photo)
Bengaluru, Nov 30:  
The integration of United Spirits Ltd (USL) with its new owner Diageo–United Spirits received a major setback with the minority shareholders defeating a majority of the special resolutions at the extraordinary general meeting here on November 28.
A total of nine resolutions connected with entities related to USL Chairman Vijay Mallya were defeated. Only three other resolutions were given the nod by the shareholders.
A USL spokesperson said the company will look into the reasons for the shareholders taking exception to some of the resolutions. The company will take a decision on holding another meeting soon.
In a filing to the exchanges, USL said a key resolution regarding approval of a loan agreement between USL and UB Holdings has not been approved by the shareholders. Another resolution regarding sale of immovable properties to USL by UB Holdings also did not find favour with the shareholders.
The filing also pointed out that according to the regulation, the promoters were prohibited from voting on the resolutions. These included, Relay BV, which owns 54.78 per cent of the share capital of the company, United Breweries Holdings, Kingfisher Finvest India, and others who hold 4.09 per cent.
However, five of the promoters of the company — UB Holdings, Kingfisher Finvest India, Devi Investments, Rossi and Associates and Vittal Investments — exercised their votes in favour of the resolutions at item no 2 (relating to approval of sales promotion agreement between USl and Diageo) and item no 11 (relating to approval of properties call agreement between USL and PE Data Centre Resources Ltd). The filing said the scrutiniser has invalidated the votes by these entities. It also said the company will investigate the validity of the votes exercised by these entities.
The resolutions that were rejected by the shareholders are (for approval at least 75 per cent of votes is required from shareholders):
3. Loan agreement between the company and UBHL ( voted against: 44.12 per cent).
5. Agreement between the company and UBHL to sell to the company certain immovable properties (27.12 per cent).
6. Agreement with Kingfisher Fiinvest India. (77.17 per cent).
7. Advertising agreement with Watson Ltd. (58.78 per cent).
8. Sponsorship agreement between the company and United Racing & Bloodstock Breeders. (58.25 per cent).
9. Sponsorship between the company and United Mohan Bagan Football team (32.69 per cent)
10. Aircraft services between the company and UB Air Pvt Ltd. (77.53 per cent)
11. Properties call agreement between the company and PE Data Centre Resources (75.52 per cent).
12. Contribution agreement between the company and Vittal Mallya Scientific Research Foundation. (47.48 per cent).
A total of only 127 public shareholders participated in the voting, suggesting that institutions had a major role to play in the defeat of the majority of the resolutions.
The resolutions that were passed are: (1) erosion of net worth of the company, (2) sales promotion agreement and (4) trademark licence agreement.
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related

Sebi asks Kolkata firm to refund Rs 595 cr with 15%interestHindalco Industries shares plunge on special court's orders
In one of its biggest crackdowns against a Kolkata-based company that illegally raised nearly Rs 600 crore from over one lakh people, Sebi has ordered NVD Solar to refund money to investors within three months.
It has also ordered payment of 15 per cent interest along with the refund amount, while barring NVD Solar and its directors from dealing and soliciting money in capital markets for three years from the date of completion of the refund.
A probe by Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has found that NVD Solar had raised Rs 595 crore through issuance of fresh equity shares to 1,09,480 entities, during 2012-13, without complying with the regulatory provisions applicable for a public issue.
The capital market regulator noted that as the issue by NVD Solar was made to 50 or more persons, the company was under a legal obligation to get listed on a stock exchange.
Among others, it was also mandatory for the firm to bring out a prospectus with respect to the public issue.
“Since, NVD failed to make application for listing of its shares on any recognised stock exchange, NVD and its directors at the time of issuances of shares…are liable to refund the amounts collected from subscribers of its shares issued to them along with interest at the rate of 15 per cent per annum,” Sebi said.
As per the order dated November 27, NVD Solar and its directors — Saibal Kumar Hazra, Subrata Kumar Mondal and Dipsekhar Mukherjee — have been asked “to jointly and severally” refund the entire amount of Rs 595 crore to the subscribers of its equity shares.
NVD Solar is also required to issue public notices detailing modalities for refund, including details of the investors within 15 days of the order.
The three directors have also been restrained from associating themselves with any listed public company and any public company which intends to raise money from the public.
Sebi said that the directors, being in control of the affairs of NVD, were under obligation to ensure that the issuance of shares was in compliance with all the applicable provisions of the Companies Act and ICDR Regulations.
Pursuant to allotment of equity shares by the company to 1,09,480 entities for an amount of Rs 595 crore, its share capital increased from Rs 2 crore to Rs 600 crore in 2012-13.
Balance sheet of NVD Solar for the year ending March 31, 2013 showed that the money received from the issue of the equity shares was shown to be invested almost entirely in its associate companies.
Sebi also warned that further action can be taken in the case if its order is not complied with.
In October 2013, KPH Dream Cricket, owners of the IPL franchise Kings XI Punjab, had filed a criminal complaint against NVD Solar, title sponsor, alleging the group of “cheating and duping” them of around Rs 14 crore which they were supposed to pay as per the contract.
TAGS: Sebi
More from indianmarkets
Stocks tumble, Rupee at 13-month low as crude crashes BSE Sensex today recorded its worst single day fall of 538.12 points in 16 months to end day's trade below 27,000...

Mutual fund investing: Dos and Don tsPrint
Considered less risky than direct stock investing, mutual funds are a popular investment instrument. In a mutual fund, each investor owns a portion of the fund equivalent to the amount he or she invested. Mutual funds pool in money and invest these across various assets to earn returns. Each MF is managed by a fund portfolio manager.
There are different kinds of MF schemes available depending on the investment goal, strategy as well as the risk exposure. It thus appeals to a wide variety of investors.
While investing in mutual funds, the investor needs to be cautious. Here are some dos and don’ts to be kept in mind:
Do’s:
• Insist on getting a copy of the offer document from the fund that you are investing in.
• Read the offer document carefully before investing. Know the financial goals set by the mutual fund scheme you are investing it and whether those goals match your aspirations or not.
• Invest according to the risk that you can handle financially. Balance them with the financial goals you have set out to achieve.
• Be aware that your investment in mutual funds is subject to market risk. It would not be immune to the happenings of the market.
• Remember, the past performance of the mutual fund is not indicative of its future performances. The performance of a mutual fund depends upon how the markets function in real time.
• Invest in a fund, which diversifies its portfolio with different asset holdings rather than being focused on a single portfolio. Ensure the fund diversifies the holdings in your own portfolio. For example, if you hold shares of IT companies, ensure you invest in a fund that does not invest in IT companies.
• Keep yourself updated about the performance of the mutual fund scheme that you have invested into. This can be done by tracking the Net asset Values (NAVs) of your investments on a daily basis. It indicates the performance of your fund.
 
Don’ts:
• Do not invest in a scheme just because somebody is offering you a commission or incentives. This also applies to recommendations from friends and relatives.
• Do not fall prey to promises of high returns. Also, do not get carried away by the reputation of the Mutual Fund house or scheme.
• Do not hesitate in approaching the respective authorities in case of any queries or any problems regarding your investments in a mutual fund. During such times, it helps to know your rights as a unit-holder.
• Do not deal or invest via an agent/broker, who is not registered with the Association of Mutual Funds in India (AMFI). Otherwise, they are not registered with the SEBI and are regulated. The market regulator oversees their actions to ensure ethical and healthy standards are maintained, while promoting the interests of the mutual funds and their investors.
This work is produced by Simplus Information Services Pvt Ltd. Customer engagement through content.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
MORE ARTICLES FROM THE SAME PROVIDER

CERC gives more time to Financial Technologies for completing IEX stakesaleHindalco Industries shares plunge on special court's orders
Electricity watchdog CERC has given Financial Technologies time till January 4 to comply with its directive to complete sale of its entire stake in Indian Energy Exchange.
A few weeks ago Financial Technologies (India) Ltd had inked a deal to offload its entire 25.64 per cent shareholding in IEX for more than Rs 576 crore. The completion of the deal subject to regulatory and other approvals.
In its latest order, the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) said that FTIL has been pursuing the divestment process in compliance with its order.
“FTIL has requested not to take any precipitate action which will hamper the divestment and adversely affect the economic value of the company and interest of its shareholders and other stakeholders,” the order said.
FTIL’s stake in the exchange is to be completed within 30 days from the date of the agreement unless extended by all the parties.
“In our view, a period of 60 days from the date of agreement is considered sufficient to complete the process. Accordingly we allow time till
January 4, 2015 for completion of the divestment process,” the CERC order said.
IEX has to file the final compliance report on or before January 14.
As per the share purchase agreement with TVS Shriram Growth Fund 1 and others, the final closing of the transaction is subject to fulfilment of various conditions including buyout of the application software and other technology for its own use by IEX.
On November 5, FTIL had announced that it has entered into a share purchase agreement with TVS Shriram Growth Fund 1, S Gopalkrishnan, Lakshmi Narayanan, Rajeev Gupta, Dalmia Cement, Bharat Power Ventures Ltd, Kiran Vyapar Ltd, TVS Capital Funds Ltd, and Agri Power and Engineering Solutions Pvt Ltd for selling stake in IEX.
In the wake of NSEL fiasco, which came to light last year, various regulators had initiated action against FTIL.
Last December, the Forward Markets Commission had ruled that FTIL is not a ‘fit and proper person’ to hold anything more than 2 per cent shareholding in commodity exchange MCX.
In March this year, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) had said FTIL is not “fit and proper” to own stakes in any stock exchange and directed it to divest existing holdings in MCX-SX and four other entities.
According to CERC’s May order, decisions of Sebi and FMC have a direct bearing on the power market.
In that ruling, CERC had mentioned that “regulatory objectives of the power exchanges are similar to that of the commodity and stock exchanges in so far as the investor/ consumer protection, market integrity, transparency, fairness and governance are concerned”.
TAGS: CERC Financial Technologies
More from indianmarkets
Stocks tumble, Rupee at 13-month low as crude crashes BSE Sensex today recorded its worst single day fall of 538.12 points in 16 months to end day's trade below 27,000...

Boost demand of Shariah-compliant mutual funds by giving tax reliefHindalco Industries shares plunge on special court's orders
To boost the demand for Shariah compliant mutual funds in the country, government should provide income tax relief on investment in such products along the lines of equity linked savings schemes (ELSS), experts have said.
Shariah laws prohibit one from investing in companies dealing with businesses like alcohol and tobacco, among others. They also do not allow interest payments.
SBI Mutual Fund is launching an Shariah-compliant diversified equity fund on December 1, aimed at attracting investments from the country’s large Muslim population. The scheme closes on December 15 and the fund is likely to reopen on or before December 26.
The leading asset management firm will become the fourth fund house in India to have an Islamic equity fund after Goldman Sachs MF, Taurus MF and Tata MF.
“There is no tax incentive on investment by the government for any of the Shariah compliant equity funds. Had there been separate tax incentive for such schemes, they must have attracted more and more people,” Economic Initiatives founder and consultant for participatory finance serving Basix social enterprise group, Syed Zahid Ahmad said.
Industry officials say that tax incentives will give a much-needed boost to such products.
Tata Mutual Fund’s Senior Fund Manager Pradeep Gokhale said the Tata Ethical fund offers investors (irrespective of their religious preferences) an avenue to own high quality growth stocks that perform consistently across market cycles.
“Unlike tax saving mutual funds and equity linked saving schemes (ELSS), there is no tax incentive on investment in these funds. It is despite the fact that only capital gain and dividends are tax free in these funds,” Gokhale said.
There is a big niche investor base who is not investing their money anywhere else and we want to bring such money into the capital market through this scheme, SBI MF Chief Marketing Officer D P Singh said.
As applicable to other equity schemes, all returns in this type of fund, if kept for more than 12 months will be treated as long term capital gains, which is taxed as nil.
Shariah compliant equity index or BSE Sharia Index has outperformed the BSE Sensex by 7-8 per cent in the last year, he added.
The BSE launched a specialised index, the S&P BSE 500 Shariah last year, which has given an annual return of 44.55 per cent as against the annual return given by S&P BSE Index at 39.70 per cent as on November 28, the BSE site said.
“The investible universe typically consists of companies that have high return ratios, strong cash generation to support the growth of their businesses and very low leverage. Such stocks give consistent and superior returns over a complete market cycle with low volatility,” Gokhale said.
TAGS: Mutual Funds
More from indianmarkets
Stocks tumble, Rupee at 13-month low as crude crashes BSE Sensex today recorded its worst single day fall of 538.12 points in 16 months to end day's trade below 27,000...

India to press for green fund operationalisation at Lima climate meetNEW DELHI, November 30, 2014
Updated: November 30, 2014 19:35 IST
India to press for green fund operationalisation at Lima climate meet
Meena Menon
Tweet
AP
In this November 29, 2014 photo, activists hold a banner with a message for representatives meeting at the upcoming climate talks, on the summit of the Huaca Pucllana archaeological site, in Lima.
TOPICS
global warming
The Lima meeting, coming soon after the U.S.-China climate deal, seeks to set the tone for the "Paris Protocol" and countries will be wrangling over their Intended Nationally Determined Contributions.
The United Nations climate summit in Lima starting on December 1, is the last before the Paris meeting in 2015, and while there is the usual scepticism, countries have to indicate their national contributions and also discuss the draft negotiating text for next year.
Union Minister of State for Environment Prakash Javadekar has been reiterating India’s stand at international fora and his emphasis is on Common But Differentiated Responsibilities (CBDR) and operationalising the Green Climate Fund (GCF) which has been injected with $9.7 billion for four years recently. Developed countries agreed to mobilise $100 billion per year till 2020, and the crisis of funding and technology transfer continues to plague the negotiations.
At Paris, countries have to agree on a deal with new goals which will take the world post 2020. The Lima meeting, coming soon after the climate deal between the U.S. and China, seeks to set the tone for the “Paris Protocol” and countries will be wrangling over their Intended Nationally Determined Contributions (INDC), which they have to finalise by March 2015. The synthesis report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) has made it clear that adaptation alone will not prevent the world from hurtling into a climate calamity. Countries have to focus on mitigation and their national emission cuts should reflect this aspect.
While the U.S.-China deal is low on ambition, there is nothing preventing India from taking on ambitious cuts and opting for a low carbon path. The key issues at Lima will centre around emission cuts, finance and according to activist groups, this will include finance for forests, land use and near-term mitigation potential.
Indian experts have been saying that India should set the ground for tighter emissions cuts and ambitious national action plans and there is no need to be bound by the U.S.-China deal. The UNFCCC has underscored the need to act urgently and says that while there has been some success in climate change mitigation, global emissions of greenhouse gases continue to rise.
So that the world has a chance to stay below an agreed maximum 2°C rise, beyond which even more serious climate change impacts will occur, governments agreed at the Doha talks to speedily work toward a universal climate change agreement by 2015 covering all countries. They also agreed to find ways to scale up efforts before 2020 beyond the existing pledges to curb emissions.

Asset management cos woo investors with safer fundsAsset management cos woo investors with safer funds
Nachiket Kelkar , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, December 01, 2014
First Published: 00:29 IST(1/12/2014) | Last Updated: 00:32 IST(1/12/2014)
Comments
As India’s equity markets march from peak to peak, asset management companies (SMCs) are trying to woo conservative investors with a new set of hybrid funds called equity income funds that are being billed as safe but tax efficient.
These funds invest in long-term equity, debt as well as equity arbitrage opportunities, making them safer than pure equity funds to investors shun risks and prefer to invest in debt funds.
At the same time, these hybrid funds get the benefit of the one-year lock-in rule for claiming exemption from capital gains tax. The lock-in timeframe to claim capital gains on fixed income funds was increased from one year to three years in the Budget.
Since the overall equity exposure (including arbitrage) at any given point of time is at least 65%, the schemes are classified as an equity fund—which means that if a person remains invested for over a year, the returns will be exempt from long-term capital gains tax.
ICICI Prudential and Birla Sun Life are two AMCs to launch such schemes in November. Earlier this year Kotak Mahindra and JP Morgan too launched similar schemes. 
In ICICI Prudential’s Equity Income Fund, 20%-40% of the funds are invested in long-term equity, 25%-35% in debt, money market instruments and cash, and the rest in equity and related arbitrage opportunities. In Birla Sun Life Equity Savings Fund, 20%-35% is in fixed income and 65%-80% rest in equity and equity arbitrage opportunities.
Arbitrage opportunities are exploited by buying or selling a stock in the spot market and correspondingly taking the opposite stand in the futures market and making gains depending on the price differential. Such opportunities generate safer rate of returns, say analysts.
According to A Balasubramaniam, CEO of Birla Sun Life AMC, hybrid funds give better returns than a fixed deposit, and are also more tax efficient compared to a pure debt fund and are suitable for conservative investors.
“Currently, investors are either taking more risk than they can tolerate and investing in balanced funds, or are taking no risks and booking fixed deposits. By investing in equity income funds, investors can expose themselves to the right level of risk and avail an opportunity to make tax efficient gains,” said Supreet Bhan, executive director, and head of retail sales at JP Morgan AMC.
ICICI Prudential’s equity income fund will use in-house price-to-book (P-B) model to maintain the equity allocation as per market conditions, said Nimesh Shah, MD and CEO, of ICICI Prudential AMC. “Based on the P-B model, the scheme will decide the attractiveness or expensiveness based on market valuations. The fund seeks to raise the net long equity exposure when markets are attractive and book profits,” he said.

Time to book serious profits; bulls overconfident: JM Fin08:00 am
It is time for investors to book profits as the market is showing signs of making a near term top, says Gautam Shah, Associate Director & Technical Analyst, JM Financial.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy, he sees 8430 as a key support level for the Nifty, breaking which the index could slip to 8200 and even 7900.
“It is time to take serious profits; the next couple of months will be about protecting returns,” says Shah, who expects the market to correct over the next 4 to 8 weeks.
Shah says F&O data shows there are not much hedged positions in this settlement cycle, unlike in the previous couple of settlements. This is a sign of bulls getting confident, or even over confident, cautions Shah.
According to him, the blowout rally on Friday has converted many bears into bulls.
“This usually happens closer to a market top,” Shah says.
Shah feels the Bank Nifty is becoming overbought as it approaches 19,000, and is advising clients to book profits. He says bank socks have been running up on expectations of a dovish guidance by the RBI at its credit policy meeting on Tuesday. He sees a big correction in the bank Nifty if the market does not get to hear what it has been expecting.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: You were bullish on the markets and 8600 is here but the question now is should one alight from the train because it has given you so much gains and it has picked up too much speed too soon, good to take money off or are there still more gains by staying on?
A: Yes, the move has been pretty spectacular and not only in the last few weeks but since the start of this year. It is quite phenomenal that you have a market that has moved up from a level of 6000 to about 8600 odd levels today without a correction of more than 5 percent. So, it has been an excellent move and thankfully we have been able to tag along for our clients and no point of time did we get an indication of the markets topping out.
The news flow has been very supportive; it has actually got better and better. The momentum has been great, the support from the global markets has been excellent and commodities have only helped the equities move further up particularly in the last couple of months. At some point of time, the markets had to get to a level where you sit back and take a call whether you want to participate any more or not. I think at this point of time, at levels of 8600-8700 just about too many technical studies have come to a point to suggest that this could potentially be a top. This zone of 8600-8700 is a wall of resistance and I don’t think it is going to be very easy for the market to clear this.
If you look at the technical charts, none of the technical indicators are making a higher high. The price action has done very well in the last couple of weeks almost making a higher high gradually on a daily basis but the technical indicators are exhibiting a completely different story and this typically happens at the top of any bull market. However, it is all about the momentum right now, we saw it in the last quarter of 20007 and early 2008 and when the momentum is strong you do not fight the momentum. So, what we have been recommending is to take profits. In this, 8600-8700 zone is a great area to be taking serious profit because the next couple of months is going to be all about protecting returns.
Apart from the technical studies, if you look at the F&O data, in the month of November and also in the second half of October, the market was extremely hedged. So, it was very difficult to expect the markets to start a major correction. However, as we have started off the month of December, if you look at the F&O data, the market is pretty light. It is not as hedged as it was sometime back and that is a sort of an indication that the bulls are extremely confident or I should say overconfident at this point of time.
Even from a sentiment perspective after what happened last Friday the blow off move, the spectacular 80-100 point move, that has converted even a lot of bears into the bulls. This obviously happens at the top and there are enough jokes doing the round of how bad the bears are fairing at this point of time. So, when you have all these factors come together, I am strongly of the opinion that the markets are unlikely to see substantial upside from here. This bull market which has many more legs to go on the upside is going to pause and retrace and if it does that it is going to be a great setup for the Budget because the next four to eight weeks might be a little on the corrective side.
Having said that you should not be fighting a trend in a bull market, so, what we are recommending here is booking profits. However, at any point of time if the Nifty were to break 8430 which is important level for the next couple of weeks, that would be the first indication of entering shorts because then you could have the Nifty go down to a level of 8200, potentially even 7975 and lower.
Q: What about the Bank Nifty, as we speak there is significant outperformance from the Bank Nifty, currently at 18650, what would be the levels to watch there?
A: When I was on your channel the last time we had given a target of about 19000 for December 2015 for the Bank Nifty and we are at December 2014 and the Bank Nifty has got close to that particular level. I am strongly of the opinion that the Bank Nifty charts are also not supportive with what the price action is doing right now and therefore in this 18500-19000 band I think is a good area to be booking profits.
The momentum has been strong and this has been the piped piper of the market but when we look at the weekly and the monthly charts Bank Nifty has done most of its targets based on indicators or pattern studies. Therefore, this is an excess and typically excesses last percentage points and that is a reason I believe that closer to that 19000 mark on the Bank Nifty would be a good opportunity to profit.
Tomorrow is going to be a big day, just about everyone is talking about it and if tomorrow the market does not get what it wants then the Bank Nifty might just be under severe selling pressure. So, I would be extremely careful there.
Q: A word on some other global indicators, what is the crude chart telling you and what is the S&P 500 chart telling you?
A: If you look at the US markets, they have not done anything substantial. I have to admit that I am a little surprised that the US markets have gone to make a higher high and we are trading at lifetime highs at this point of time. However, once again the chart setup is just not supportive. At such a level you don’t have the kind of momentum that should exist in the US markets and you have the Dow sticking to 17700-17800 band where there is a lot of resistance.
Even the S&P 500, running into that 2070-2100 band I think there is going to be a lot of selling pressure and at any point of time in the next 5-10 trading sessions you could see a knee-jerk reaction in the US markets. It is difficult to pin-point what could be the trigger but at least the charts are giving an indication that there is some problem somewhere and you are going to see an effect of that on the price action very soon.
Crude is a very big factor because these days in the morning you see what crude has done and accordingly you take a call on the Indian markets. I think crude is also getting close to its target. USD 60.65/bbl on the Nymex crude is a multiyear support and that breakdown that took place at around levels of 90, had a target of around USD 67/bbl-USD 68/bbl. That has been done in the last two-three trading sessions and therefore around 60.65 we see Nymex crude settling down. I know there will be people in the market who talk of substantial downside even from current levels but it is looking very overdone.
When I look at crude you also need to look at what the rupee has been doing because equity markets have done so well and you have the rupee depreciating beyond 62 levels on Friday, I think that is an indication that maybe you will see a round of depreciation and you could actually see the rupee depreciate to levels of 63.5 and that is the indicator of where the markets could head in the next four to eight weeks.
Given all of this, it all boils down to the dollar index that had a breakout around 82-82.5. The target for dollar index is around 90, we are already at 88.5 and once the dollar index moves to 90 there is a chance of a top out. If the dollar index does top out, it is going to have a significant impact on commodities and equities because then commodities will start to rise and possibly equities will start to fall.
Q: Since you are slightly cautious on the market, if we do see a dip then which are the stocks that you would go ahead and buy?
A: There are three sectors, which we are advising our clients at this point of time irrespective of our view on the Nifty because even if there is a correction these three sectors will do well.
Firstly, pharmaceuticals, obviously it is a defensive name and it has done well in the good and the bad times so this is one space which still has a lot of steam on the upside. In case of 5-10 percent correction on the index it will see a lot of outperformance.
Secondly, I would like to go with capital goods. I know it is a high beta name, it generally moves with the market but given the kind of breakout that we saw couple of months back, capital goods as a space is going to outperform for the next six to eight months. So, in case of a market decline this is one of the best bets to accumulate for the next six to eight months.
Finally, it would be auto because auto has shown that it does well in the good and the bad times. Still a great chart even at a level of 19000 on the BSE auto index. I think every small decline of 2-5 percent should be used to buy there.
RELATED NEWS

Small steps will lead to big change  say Modi MantrisBharti Airtel
(This govt will take what…)
MUMBAI: Impatient industry leaders who streamed in large numbers into the ET Awards for Corporate Excellence on Saturday looking for announcements on big-bang reforms from the top ministers in the Narendra Modi government were instead told that they could expect a series of measures that will leave a lasting impression.
This government will take what may look like small steps, but will push through important legislation and clear regulatory cobwebs which are crippling businesses, and their impact will be such that the 'Make in India' project of PM Modi will become a reality rather than remain a slogan.
Liberalisation of investment regulations will be dictated by national interest instead of aiming to just enrich a few, and leave out millions as in the past when employment generation lagged economic growth.
"The objective was capacity building, so at 49% (in defence) we have had a reasonable good initial period," said Finance Minister Arun Jaitley. "I do not think there are too many amongst the captains of the industry here who are going to invest 49% in defence only to become minority shareholders.
People are approaching Indian corporates for joint ventures."
The proof of the pudding is in the eating, Power & Coal Minister Piyush Goyal told the galaxy of CEOs and entrepreneurs during a panel discussion, which included Bharti Airtel's Sunil Mittal, ITC's YC Deveshwar and Diageo Plc's Ivan Menezes.
"We sorted out a 40-year story in less than 40 days," said minister Piyush Goyal.
"I have yet to read one editorial which has been able to find flaw in that ordinance," said Power & Coal Minister Piyush Goyal. "We stand for whatever we say and we will take every step required to meet expectations of people and get achhe din."
The Lok Sabha should pass the Bill in the next few days, Goyal said. When asked if the joint session route could be used in case the government experienced difficulty in getting the Bill through Rajya Sabha, Goyal said the government would explore "any route" to get the Bill through.
Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar said the country's defence policy will be tailored in such a way that the world's biggest importer of defence equipment will produce more of its needs at home, even if it is done by a multinational company. "We are working on policies where Make in India becomes a reality in this sector," said Parrikar. "If we are the biggest customer, why cannot I get things done in my country, at least initially even if it is by global (companies)."
Industry captains who were worried that 'big-bang' reforms are absent and that the government was sounding nationalistic in a throwback to the days of socialism were assured that national interest need not necessarily be anti-business and trade. Although the postponement of the Trade Facilitation Agreement under the World Trade Organization caused a lot of anxiety, the way the government handled the issue leads one to believe that the nation is in safe hands, said Sunil Mittal, founder of Bharti Airtel.
"At one point in time (I felt) that either the WTO will collapse or we will be isolated in the whole process and that other countries will move forward," said Mittal. "This government showed nerves of steel. When the whole world, and this time mind you most emerging countries were also not behind us, then to stand alone and say we want to protect our agriculture, we want to protect our procurement... I think you have done a fantastic job. I personally feel we are blessed to have a government like this."
  Be it defence, retail, power or coal, the common thread of policymaking will be that there is a level-playing field and there is no favouritism towards any single group, or an individual.
The government will take time to decide, but it will come up with a foolproof mechanism.
"It is the role of technology which is very difficult for anyone to put a brake on," Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharam said, when questioned on the talk of restrictions on ecommerce. "But at the same time, I would not want to rush in to say either way because our position, on say multi-brand retail, is very clear.
But nothing more at this stage."
Indeed, as the debate progressed, it became evident that chief executives are worried more about the nitty-gritty of doing business which the Modi government is focusing on rather than limits on foreign ownership, and dominance of inefficient state-run enterprises in many fields.
"We need 250,000 approvals in one year... licences and approvals in one year," said Menezes of Diageo, which bought United Spirits in a $3-billion transaction. "I would hope with the direction we are taking, that number comes down drastically. I mean that will unleash economic activity, growth that will cause us to invest. It will raise more employment."
Part of the industry's worries were addressed right on the spot.

BJP narrowing gap with Congress in Rajya SabhaNEW DELHI, December 1, 2014
Updated: December 1, 2014 07:29 IST
BJP narrowing gap with Congress in Rajya Sabha
National Bureau
Tweet
The Hindu
President Pranab Mukherjee, accompanied by Vice President and Chairman of Rajya Sabha Hamid Ansari and Prime Minister Narendra Modi, proceeds to address the joint session of Parliament in New Delhi. File photo
TOPICS
political parties
The Congress has 69 members in the Rajya Sabha and the Bharatiya Janata Party 43
The Bharatiya Janata Party is set to slowly but steadily narrow the gap of 26 seats with the Congress in the Rajya Sabha over the next couple of months, particularly if the party meets its goal of Mission 44+ in the ongoing Jammu and Kashmir Assembly election.
Currently, the Congress has 69 members in the Rajya Sabha and the BJP 43.
All four Rajya Sabha seats from J&K will fall vacant in February.
They are currently shared equally between the Congress and the National Conference, both of which ruled the State in coalition for several years before parting ways ahead of the Assembly election.
Already, the two Haryana vacancies that opened up out of turn will be filled by the BJP as the party’s candidates — Union Ministers Suresh Prabhu and Birendra Singh — were elected unopposed last week.
While one seat was vacated mid-term because Mr. Singh resigned after shifting from the Congress to the BJP, the other fell vacant after Indian National Lok Dal member Ranbir Singh Prajapati opted out after getting elected to the Haryana Assembly.
Both seats would have otherwise fallen vacant only in 2016.
And the lone vacancy that opened up in Maharashtra last Monday with the death of Congressman Murli Deora could go the BJP way unless the Congress, the Nationalist Congress Party and the Shiv Sena “gang up” to contest the seat.
In the case of this vacancy, the new entrant will have practically the entire six-year term as Mr. Deora was elected in April this year.

Govt has revived investor sentiment  challenge is to ensure GDP growthArun Jaitley
(At ET Awards 2014, Bodhisatva…)
At ET Awards 2014, Bodhisatva Ganguli (BG) finds out from the policy makers and business leaders whether India would be able to achieve the tall targets of economic and business growth.
BG: Let me yet again thank the ministers and the CEOs for taking time out on a Saturday, especially the ministers, as we all know 7.30 pm on a Saturday evening is peak working time in the Modi administration.
On a more serious note, there can be little doubt that PM Modi has lifted spirits, not just by reviving investor sentiment but also by galvanising the people at large through initiatives like Swachh Bharat. However, things need to change on the ground, and the ministers on the dais are tasked with doing just that. One of the strategies which the government has pursued is to focus on areas such as defence and railways and tourism, which have so far been left out of the ambit of reforms. So, let me turn to Mr Parrikar first. Mr Parrikar, defence is one area where the government has already raised the FDI limit and it seems to be a thrust area of the PM's 'Make In India' campaign. Could you give us a sense of your priorities?
MANOHAR PARRIKAR: You chose to shoot me down first. I will put it in one line. It is a huge potential for the Indian industry and obviously for contributing to industrial production. We are working on policies where 'Make In India' becomes reality in this sector.
BG: Mr Jaitley, would you like to weigh in on the subject?
ARUN JAITLEY: I think we got our priorities right as far as defence was concerned on day one. The priority was domestic production and preparedness. Now, you can't indefinitely have a system where you continue to be the largest importer in the world, and for almost monopoly items or rare items, huge prices are quoted. And you don't make any effort to start this whole process of domestic production.
Now, defence is symptomatic of what ailed the previous government. Probably, the (then) prime minister favoured raising the caps, but one minister, the then defence minister, vetoed it. Now, in the very first 10 to 15 days of our government, we took a policy decision to raise the cap to 49%. Within days, it was announced in the Budget.
A criticism was made, including by The Economic Times, why not make it 51%? I don't think there are too many among the captains of the industry here who are going to invest 49% in defence only to become minority shareholders. Therefore, 51%, as in Sunil (Mittal's) industry, would soon become 74% and soon become probably even more. So, all you will have is plants being shifted from Germany or the United States to India. That was not the objective. The objective was capacity-building. So, at 49%, we have had a reasonable good initial period.
People are approaching Indian corporates for joint ventures. And the second priority is procurement. In the last five to six months, we have started this culture, a monthly meeting of the defence acquisition council.
As far as allocation of resources is concerned, I think it gets top priority. And considering the area, the region of the world we live in, hopefully there is no future aggression.
But if it is, it could be a dual aggression and, therefore, you need far greater preparedness than you had in the past. I think that is what we are preparing ourselves for, that is best defence that India has.
BG: Mr Parrikar, do you see major defence equipment, let us say aircraft or tanks or submarines, being made by the Indian private sector?
MANOHAR PARRIKAR: It depends on the quantum, technology, technology transfer There are many issues. It is easier said than done. But I think we have begun well and we will push through so that over a period of one or two years, we get a lot of things. If we are the biggest customer, why can't I get things done in my country?
At least initially, it can be with technology transfer in some cases, it can be with transfer of components and offset properly designed. Ultimately, I think the political mind and minds from the industry side also need to go into it, otherwise the bureaucratic mind sometimes creates a very funny situation.
I was going through the latest policy draft of 80-20, where development is supposed to be sponsored by the government to the extent of 80% of the development cost.
Now, there was one very funny line there.
For the 80% supposed to be released in phases, there was a clause put in that we should obtain 5% bank guarantee for releasing that support. I never understood the logic of that 5%. I said you can very well give him 75% instead of 80%. But the psychology is when you give money, get some bank guarantee, otherwise you are actually giving it for development and you give it only on achievement of certain parameters. But they had this line, so it needs to be fine-tuned based on the industry's perception so that it really takes off and does not get stuck up.

Infra & ease to do business are priorities  says Devendra FadnavisDevendra Fadnavis
('I will supervise a committee…)
If India has to grow at 8%, my state has to grow beyond 10%. To achieve that, I would have to do two major things - (improve) infrastructure and the ease to do business .
In 15 days, I have cleared two metro routes on 70 km in Mumbai. I have also started work on the coastal road which can help relieve congestion on the Western Expressway.
We have initiated clearances and notification of the trans harbour link, which is being planned for the past 30 years. The road will connect Mumbai to Navi Mumbai, decongesting Mumbai. We are also planning to expedite the Navi Mumbai airport.
We want to initiate affordable housing for Mumbai, and soon, you will find many initiatives in this area.
If we want to develop Mumbai as a financial capital we need to create commercial space. Rentals are not affordable due to a paucity of commercial space. We will create more central business districts and areas like the Bandra Kurla Complex in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region.
The problem is that if you have to start a business in a designated industrial area you require 76 permissions, which takes one to three years. I have decided to bring these down to 25 on a single IT platform , and the process will take just one to three months.
I will supervise a committee of empowered secretaries to monitor all investments. The government will give every one who is investing more than Rs 100 crore a facilitator. Maharashtra also needs sustainable agriculture.
With the change in weather, 19,000 villages are drought-hit. We are trying to make Maharashtra drought free. Once we make agriculture sustainable, it will add to our growth rate.
There are a lot of initiatives we have started and I am sure in the coming months you will see a lot of difference in Mumbai and Maharashtra.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Read my lips  this govt means business: FM Arun JaitleyArun Jaitley
(Jaitley firmly rejected…)
The Narendra Modi government is determined to push ahead with reforms by overcoming the resistance from various quarters, finance minister Arun Jaitley said at the ET Awards for Corporate Excellence. He said land law changes, implementation of the Goods and Services Tax (GST), manufacturing, tax reforms , defence manufacturing and railways are among the areas getting special attention. The effect of the various measures the government has taken will be visible "on the ground", Jaitley said on Saturday, a day after government data showed India's economy had slowed to 5.3% in the July-September quarter from 5.7% in the preceding three-month period.
Without naming any political party, Jaitley firmly rejected the approach of those who stood in the way of the government's policy change agenda, saying that their thinking was out of sync with the times.
"I am quite conscious of the fact that some people will try and obstruct, though the national mood is to the contrary," he said in his keynote address at the event attended by more than 300 top company CEOs. "The obstructions would not be able to sustain for too long and we are fairly determined to go ahead with each one of these measures," he said, while detailing the items that the government plans to focus on.
He said the government will get the coal ordinance passed as a law and there was no place for the kind of opposition that was being voiced. "Just two days ago I saw one of the members of the Left parties in Parliament get up and say nationalisation is being tinkered (with) a bit," he said before shooting down this kind of thinking.
"We did not want to tinker with Coal India — it remains, every job there is going to be saved. But first you look at the national assets, the public sector at the Centre and the states, give them a captive mineral, give it to all the actual users and thereafter when a situation comes, has time now come in 2014 to look at commercial mining?" he said.
"Now, if these ideas are going to be stalled and I am quite certain they cannot be stalled, the best option is they may be delayed," Jaitley said, adding that with every state election, such opposition would weaken as this would eventually add to the NDA's strength in the Rajya Sabha.
"State assembly elections are being held almost every two months and the more of them are held I think the more we are going to be comfortable in the Upper House and therefore the best case opportunity is let me delay it by a few months or a year or so," he said, sounding a warning to the opposition that people's expectations had changed.
"People also want early results and this is essentially because of the fact that there is a feeling that whereas our real potential is 8% plus (economic growth), we had dipped and dipped quite low," Jaitley said, blaming the previous government for indecision. Growth slumped to below 5%, hitting decadal lows, in the last two years.
"I think the problem of the last few years was that the system was not very sure who had the last word. If the Prime Minister of the country does not have the last word, if he is indecisive, then probably the parliamentary system of governance cannot run, at least it cannot run effectively," the finance minister said.
The government anticipates opposition to its plans to rework the land acquisition law that has made acquiring real estate for big projects almost impossible, raising the overseas investment limit in insurance and changes to labour laws to make them more flexible. India currently languishes way down on the ease of doing business scale and the government wants to fix that.
The finance minister hinted at a joint session of Parliament if the government is unable to push critical legislation passed in the Rajya Sabha, where the Bharatiya Janata Party-led National Democratic Alliance lacks a majority. "We know the obvious difficulties with the law," Jaitley said, saying some of India's legal provisions were anachronistic. He said he was working on changes to this with his colleagues in the government.
The FM blamed the previous government for putting in place many tedious tax measures, saying none of those will yield a single rupee of revenue. Jaitley also sought to draw a crucial distinction between the Modi government and those of the past.
He said no captain of industry will now say, "I went to approach the central government or a minister and there was an unfair commercial demand made on me," adding that this had become "horror of the past".
The finance minister said the government was determined to end all discretion in processes to make decision making completely transparent. After coal, it's working on the auction policy for other minerals as well, he said.
"We want to get the governmental discretion out of this whole process so that nobody comes... with a begging bowl and says well this is a discretion I want and we as ministers write down slips of paper and send that man to our party office... (That) is a system which we almost seem to have institutionalised in the past," he said.
The government was able to do so because Prime Minister Modi, who himself works very hard and is decisive, has given key portfolios to younger colleagues who aren't weighed down by any baggage of the past. "These were all fresh minds who are willing to learn."
The FM said the government was seriously looking at implementing GST quickly.
"I have called a meeting a few days from now of the empowered committee of ministers and I do hope after the consensus at least we are able to introduce the constitutional amendment in this session of Parliament," he said. The amendment is necessary for the process of GST implementation to proceed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

We are committed to reforms  says Piyush GoyalThe coal ordinance is a reality.
We sorted out a 40-year story in less than 40 days and I have yet to read one editorial which has found a flaw in that ordinance. It addresses the woes of the power sector. I can assure you that this is one sector that has been the priority of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. He is committed to setting it right and reaching out to the people with 24x7 power. This ordinance is only the first step.
In the long run, it seeks to bring back competition into the sector both on the power side and the coal industry.
I see no problem in getting it resolved. The Lok Sabha will clear it in the next few days, while the Rajya Sabha understands that the power sector needs attention.
Fortunately, the people of India with their resounding verdicts of the past two or three years, have made sure states recognise that unless they deliver, governments are not voted back. I have received good support from all the states. I am confident the coal ordinance is a reality waiting to happen in the next few days, and will significantly resolve the sectoral problems.
We are committed to our reform agenda. We will take every step required to meet the expectations of the people and get achhe din .
FEATURED ARTICLES

We are watching the e-commerce space  says Nirmala SitharamanCommerce Minister
('We had to make sure the members…)
At the moment we are looking at the way technology is taking over a lot of things, particularly the retailing of goods. We are carefully watching the way in which ecommerce is working out or showing its potential. There isn't anything more for me to say at this stage because it is playing out very clearly.
Also, it is a role played by technology, which is very difficult for anyone to put brakes on. I would not want to rush in to say anything either way because our position on say multi-brand retail is very clear.
From the day the (Make In India campaign) was launched, the response has been very good. I only wish it starts to show on the ground because then your growth figures will be much better and sharper than what we see now. I think it is taking a bit of time to play out but the response has been absolutely encouraging.
(At the World Trade Organisation ), fear of isolation was not the issue with the kind of leadership we had.
But of course, the commitment of the prime minister , his personal interest, the kind of energy he has shown and clear headedness helped. We did not see an isolation but were wondering how long it would take. We had to make sure the members were convinced as much as we could convince ourselves and our nation and in that I think the credit entirely goes to the prime minister.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Should Raghuram Rajan announce a rate cut in RBIs policy review on Tuesdayshould raghuram rajan announce a rate cut in rbis policy review on tuesday
Previous Poll | BCCI is drawing a lot of flak over the IPL controversy. The solution is to-previous poll | bcci is drawing a lot of flak over the ipl controversy. the solution is to-
Will healthcare industry give India its next big internet businessAfter Flipkart & Makemytrip, will healthcare industry give India its next big internet business?
Rahul Sachitanand, ET Bureau Nov 30, 2014, 06.52AM IST
Tags:
(A bunch of online businesses…)
Over the past decade-and-a-half, different startups have leveraged the internet to ease the day-to-day lives of consumers.
The first big opportunity arose when Makemytrip and its rivals revolutionized the travel industry by overhauling travel bookings; then Flipkart showed how to build a billion-dollar business by bringing modern retail to the computers (and mobiles) of consumers.
Most recently, the likes of Zomato, BookMyShow and Justdial have shown how the internet can be used to re-architect the food and beverage, events and local search spaces, respectively.
Now, a clutch of companies is looking to do the same with healthcare — specifically the chaotic and fragmented business for medical practitioners — and build the next big internet business out of India.
These companies, ranging in age from six years (like the sector's proverbial 800-pound gorilla Practo) to those that are barely a year old, are using the internet to aggregate and organize data on doctors, clinics, hospitals and other healthcare businesses, and provide a platform for consumers to access them.
Then, some of them are targeting the doctors themselves. They have jumped into the heart of a doctor's business — patient appointments, records and billings — to try to digitize what have been sheaves of paper.
In the past year and more, these companies have been gaining significant traction — market leader Practo to date has managed some 15 million records and booked 16.6 million appointments with 109,000 doctors across 351 towns and cities — even as investors, eager for their next big payout after e-commerce, begin to bite.
Investors Pop the Pill
The likes of Sequoia Capital and Nexus Venture are just a couple of venture capitalists that have backed firms in this space, even as others such as Matrix Partners weigh investments in this burgeoning market.
Avnish Bajaj was one of the early success stories of India's internet revolution — a startup called Bazee.com he cofounded was sold to eBay a decade ago for $55 million in 2004.
Now, he thinks the healthcare market could spawn India's next big internet smash hit. And, as the founder of Matrix Partners, an early-stage investor, he's keenly watching this space.
"India is mainly a cash economy for healthcare and people have a choice of which doctor to approach unlike the West, where you're forced to choose from a predetermined pool due to insurance restrictions," he says.
However, this choice is a doubleedged sword, since reaching these doctors isn't easy. Enter the online facilitators.
"These companies can solve a pressing consumer problem and in the process build a large and scalable internet company. Why can't the next Zomato be from the healthcare space?" wonders Bajaj. Entrepreneurs seem to agree.
"The use of technology in healthcare is limited, especially for a consumer," says Shashank ND, cofounder of Bangalore-based Practo. "Finding a doctor, booking an appointment and getting a bill and the overall experience at a clinic or hospital are, for a consumer, a poor experience."
  The chaos — a large market, multiple customer pain points and a lack of technology in healthcare — may be an ideal setting for the likes of Practo. "The use of technology can revolutionize customer experience in this industry," says Shashank.
His firm, he contends, has proven this business is viable. "Practo Ray, the practice management software, has become dominant in its field — 15% of doctors use some form of this software and 90% of them use our product," he claims.
Products such as Practo Ray have helped overhaul the perception of a doctor's business. Users can get printed — rather than illegibly-scrawled — prescriptions, appointment reminders are messaged to patients and invoices digitally stored. "We have upgraded the customer experience," he says.
Virtual Remedies
This is just the reason Hemanshu Mehta, a dentist with a clinic in Mumbai's Sion suburb, signed up with Practo. The clinic, which is usually packed through the week, needed a software package to manage patient appointments and records and help the doctor access them on the go. "Earlier, five out of 10 patients would give us excuses for not turning up," says Mehta between appointments.
"Now, they get a call and an automated text message reminder to keep them updated." Recently, the doctor has also begun to use Practo Hello, a virtual receptionist, to add another layer of technology to his operation. This tool, he adds, allows him to track the booking of appointments, access patient records and data — and reach out to them directly — while he is on the move. "Patient care has become much more manageable and flexible with these tools," he says.

Modinomics will succeed if it can galvanise pvt sectorModinomics will succeed only if it can galvanise private sector, says Geoff Lewis, JPMorgan AMC
Biswajit Baruah, ET Bureau Dec 1, 2014, 07.00AM IST
Tags:
Bank of Japan
("The recent unveiling of…)
Geoff Lewis, executive director and global market strategist at JPMorgan AMC, has said the government policy reforms tabled so far have not been surprising, but rather they appear to be many small steps in the right direction. The introduction of new projects and return of Indian entrepreneurs' animal spirits will take time before showing more visible effect. Edited excerpts from an interview with ET..
How do you think the Bank of Japan's stimulus announcement and European Central Bank's (ECB) likely quantitative easing will aid emerging markets' equity performance?
The European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan must continue to expand their balance sheets to fight deflationary pressures.
Despite some increase in volatility, overall global liquidity for markets should remain flush. In emerging markets, we continue to expect an uncomfortable period of adjustment in 2015 relating to recent rapid build-up in debt together with strengthening of the US dollar.
The US Federal Reserve prepares to hike rates next year. How do you think this will impact global financial markets?
While the US continues to normalise its monetary policies, the key implications are --stronger US dollar, continued weakness in global commodity prices, and looser monetary conditions globally. We expect very gradual and cautious raising of short-term US interest rates by the Federal Reserve in the second half of 2014. We believe that the impact on markets when it happens will be more benign than many investors are currently fearing.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has completed over 6 months in his office. How do you rate the performance of new government against expectations?
One of the most crucial issues for Modi's government has been the reforms necessary to stem major issues the country is currently facing - raising economic growth from multi-year lows, taming inflation, and getting spiralling deficits under control. And Modi seems to have taken long-term view on solving these issues, considering that he has at least one full term of around 5 years and quite likely the second to push forward his plans. So far, the reforms tabled have not been surprising, but rather they appear to be many small steps in right direction that in sum are likely to have a material impact over a period of time.
What is your view on government reform policies, and do you think they are right enough to bring back India's economic growth back on track?
The recent unveiling of the 'Make in India' campaign aimed at attracting business to set up manufacturing in India will hopefully add to the positive investment climate.
Modinomics will only succeed in the longer term if it can galvanise the private sector.
Government policies alone will not be enough to restore GDP growth to 6.5% or higher. The recent uptick in capex is a good sign while the introduction of new projects and the return of Indian entrepreneurs' animal spirits will take time before having a more visible effect. A GDP growth rate close to 7% should be possible for India over the medium term.
  How do you think easing global commodity prices can boost India's prospects for faster economic growth?
The cheaper oil prices have been in particular a boon for Modi, who reassuringly took the opportunity provided to deregulate the retail diesel price and streamline various fuel subsides. These cuts will also help the Modi government in its attempt to reach the fiscal deficit target of around 4% of GDP. More rapid progress in defeating inflation will help bring forward the timing of monetary easing and interest rate cuts.
RBI has expressed to break the back of inflation before considering monetary policy decisions. What is your outlook on interest rates scenario?
Inflation has now fallen below RBI's 6% target for January 2016, causing some speculation of a rate cut in the near future, possibly even at the December meeting. We would not expect the first interest rate cut to come from RBI until February. However, we also recognise that with inflation having fallen so quickly, there will be growing impatience within some parts of the new government to see the benefits of rate cut. RBI may come under growing political pressure the longer it holds out while FIIs will not wish to see any major rift on monetary policy between the Modi administration and India's central bank.
What are your earnings growth expectations?
There has so far been little sign of pick-up in consensus earnings, but we believe that we are getting closer to a major inflection point for earnings. Over the medium term, a compounded growth (CAGR) of 15-18% for Indian equity markets should be achievable if Modi's programme to raise potential growth is a success.
What's your biggest concern about Indian markets?
In the short term , the rather disappointing earnings season YTD, and investor impatience over the speed of cyclical recovery or with the progress of Modinomics might become the trigger for more significant locally-driven market correction than in October. Such a market correction would offer investors who are late to India story a good entry point as we believe that the next big theme for the Indian equity market is likely to be a strong domestically-led secular recovery in earnings.
What are your economic growth expectations for FY16?
Six percent appears conservative as forecast for GDP growth in CY2015 as many sell-side brokers have pencilled in a figure that is closer to 7% than 6%. If all goes well, then 6.5% is possible, but we would caution against investors looking for an early return to higher growth path without the prior implementation of supply-side reforms and visible improvement in trend productivity.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Excited about Modis Swachh Bharat: Akihiko Tanaka  President  JICAAkihiko Tanaka
("Besides, we would also…)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Japan last August-September has upgraded bilateral partnership to a new level from the trust and cooperation that the sides have developed over the last decade. Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) has been at the forefront of this endeavour as the executing agency of Japanese ODA (Overseas Development Agency) supporting projects like Delhi Metro and DMIC. ET met JICA president Akihiko Tanaka during his visit to Delhi this week. Tanaka said JICA is excited with Modi's Swaach Bharat campaign and would like to support the project. Edited excerpts:
Prime Minister Modi has a special admiration for Japan and he is seeking Japan's assistance to boost the Indian economy. What new areas do you think that JICA finds interesting to support?
Tanaka: We are very excited with Modi's Swaach Bharat campaign that includes sanitation facilities for all and prevention of open defecation. We, in Japan, give particular emphasis on cleanliness and it requires lot of efforts to make any country clean. JICA would be keen to associate with this campaign and support it. Besides, we would also be interested to clean River Ganges that the Modi government has initiated. Further, JICA has supported in improving investment climate in various countries. In India's neighbourhood we helped Thailand in setting up industrial parks on its eastern seaboard which have become hub from trans-national exports by MNCs. India has the possibility of developing such clusters to become hub in areas along the coast.
What has been follow up of Modi's Japan visit regarding investments from Japan and interests of Japanese investors in India? What are JICA's new initiatives in India?
Tanaka: One of the key announcements at the visit which is setting up an Indian PMO-led mechanism for Japanese investments here has been implemented. Besides, top Japanese investors including Softbank have announced major plans. JICA will be doing a feasibility study for Mumbai-Ahmedabad bullet train route. We believe that bullet trains for not-solong distances are more successful as they are competitive compared to airfares and travelling by highways. Last year JICA provided ODA loan for Tamil Nadu Investment Promotion Program of the amount of 13 billion Yen to accelerate investment.
Do you sense that investment climate in India is changing under the Modi government or does it so far remain only verbal assurance?
Tanaka: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has a very dynamic approach and this gives impetus to Japan to accelerate cooperation with the Indian government. We believe we are in a very positive environment and Modi's leadership has been very positive to improve investment climate in India. Now the government of India needs to address certain issues - change the system of taxation, improve the process of authorisation and initiate further deregulation for better investment climate.
Can you give snapshot of JICA's current projects in India?
Tanaka: JICA has a long history of good relations with India, dating back to 1958. Today, India is JICA's largest partner. We are providing assistance to realise Japan-India cooperation such as the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC) and the Chennai-Bengaluru Industrial Corridor (CBIC) in South India, besides Chennai metro and energy projects as well as assistance to strengthen Japan-India academic-industry networks, and human resources development for industries such as manufacturing and training programmes.
FEATURED ARTICLES

See a new bias for action from Modi govt: John RiceGE
(In India recently, Rice…)
Four years ago, John Rice left the GE headquarters at Fairfax and moved to Hong Kong to head the $146-billion behemoth's global growth and operations. For GE, it was a huge symbolic gesture moving its vice chairman and president & CEO of GE Global Growth and Operations into an emerging market, signalling an intent to be a more global, more open company. Since then, Rice has led the conglomerate's charge into markets like China, India and other emerging economies apart from working closely with chairman and CEO Jeff Immelt in creating a new future-ready behemoth. In India recently, Rice is again excited about the India story after watching Modi government in action. In an interview with ET, Rice talks about GE's India play. Edited excerpts:
Now that the Modi Government has brought some buzz back, does GE think it will be good for its business?
Well, we are optimistic. PM Narendra Modi is certainly a decisive person and he wants a government that takes action and moves forward and if this is the perspective, that is very encouraging. Obviously, the proof is in the actual steps that are taken, that's all we want to see. But in the early days the new government seems to be doing a lot things right.
A lot of new announcements are in infrastructure, healthcare sector etc. These are sectors that GE businesses can benefit from directly, so are you increasing investments in India?
We are fully equipped to provide a lot of infra requirements like what India needs, basic forms of healthcare, all kinds of power generation. So I don't think that we need to make a lot of new moves to participate in the developments. We'll be scaling up the existing infrastructure that GE already has in India. We will make sure that we have the right resources in the right places and make sure that people have the right competencies. There are a lot of things at the margin that we have to do but in terms of businesses, we have a good hand to play and support the priorities that the Indian government will have for building infrastructure.
As a global investor, do you see a change in the way the Indian bureaucracy is functioning or it's same old, same old?
In many cases I see a new bias for action. In some cases it's not perfectly clear that the bias exists but you can expect some of this to take time. I mean, the PM is not going to be able to change apparatus of bureaucracy overnight. I'm quite confident it will change. I see examples of that change taking place but not everywhere and everyone but enough to give me optimism.
You work out of Hong Kong but travel across the globe frequently. Do you get a sense of the changing mood about India in the global financial capitals?
Totally. I think the world needs good leadership in important countries and India is an important country and PM Narendra Modi is a good leader. So there's a lot of receptivity to that.
Now will you up Banmali's Agarwala's (GE India CEO) and India team's targets?
His targets are always going up. I think we play beneath our weight in India, in terms of the size of our business and Banmali and the team know it. We think we should do more here, we are prepared to invest to accomplish that. We do have big aspirations for our potential here. I think there are two things that causes me to be optimistic about India business. We have a first-class team in India and this government appears to be open for business and so the combination of those two things cause me to want to increase my target and to believe that we can be bigger and more successful here.
GE had earlier a target to reach $8 billion by 2010. Do you have a new target?
I am more interested in ensuring that we have our rightful position in this market and achieving that will deliver a certain revenue by a certain point in time. But if we don't have our rightful position in market, then we shouldn't be satisfied with the number no matter what it is. I am less concerned about the absolute target, more concerned about us achieving the market's success here that we are to achieve.
How long will it take for GE India to reach China's scale?
For GE, that will take a while.
You moved from the headquarters in Fairfield to Hong Kong. Is it part of the reallocation of resources, is it part of the acceptance of the new economic order?

Samsung Electronics to launch Tizen smartphone in India: ReportEmpowering technologies can add up to $1 trillion to Indian economy by 2025: McKinsey
South Korea’s Samsung Electronics Co Ltd plans to launch a new sub-$100 smartphone running on its own Tizen operating system in India later this month, South Korea’s Maeil Business Newspaper said on Monday.
The paper, a local business daily, said Samsung will hold a press conference on Dec. 10 to launch its first Tizen smartphone, to be called the Z1. A Samsung Electronics spokeswoman declined to comment.
Samsung had initially planned to launch a Tizen smartphone in Russia in the third quarter but scrapped the plan. The firm said at the time that it wanted to further enhance the ecosystem behind Tizen. Only a handful of devices, including the firm’s smartwatch products, currently run on the platform.
The majority of Samsung’s mobile devices are based on Google’s Android platform. The South Korean firm’s push to develop its own operating system is part of efforts to reduce dependence on the U.S. firm, but delays in product launches have undercut expectations.
TAGS: Mobiles Samsung Electronics
More from industry

Jammu and Kashmir: 28 school drop-outs  55 crorepatis contesting in 2nd phasePeshawar school attack: Take me, spare the kids, says Nobel laureate Kailash Satyarthi to Taliban gunmen
Out of the 175 candidates in fray in 18 constituencies of Jammu and Kashmir which are going to polls in the second phase tomorrow, 97 or more than 50 per cent are not graduates and nine have criminal cases against them.
The affidavits submitted by the candidates along with their nomination papers suggest that nine of them are illiterate while 28 are school drop-outs, according to Association of Democratic Reforms (ADR).
A total of 55 candidates or 31 per cent are crorepatis and have declared their properties to be worth over Rs one crore. There are only eight women candidates in the fray.
Kuldeep Raj Dubey, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) candidate from Gool Arnas has declared highest assets worth Rs 14.10 crores, while five other candidates, including separatist-turned-mainstream Sajad Gani Lone, have declared more than Rs 10 crores worth of assets in their affidavits.
Lone, who is contesting on Handwara seat, has assets worth Rs 13.98 crores including moveable assets to the tune of Rs 38.45 lakh.
Interestingly, a total of 11 candidates have declared zero assets in their affidavits, while five candidates have declared liabilities of Rs one crore and above.
“Nine candidates are illiterate, two are class five pass, while 26 are class eight pass and 30 have listed their educational qualification as class 10,” ADR said.
While 30 candidates have passed class 12, 18 are simple graduates and 26 professional graduates.
“There are 25 post-graduate candidates, two have a doctorate degree and five have not listed their qualifications,” the analysis by the ADR said.
Nine, a total of five per cent, candidates have declared criminal cases against them, while six of them have serious criminal cases, including kidnapping, rioting and forgery registered against them.
Balwant Singh Mankotia of National Panthers Party from Udhampur constituency, in Jammu regions, has declared a case related to kidnapping (IPC Section 363) against him in his poll affidavit.
Mankotia is also facing the charges of rioting, along with his colleague from Reasi constituency, Balwan Singh, BJP’s Mendhar assembly segment candidate Zulfqar Hussain Khan and an independent candidate on Handwara seat Ajaz Ahmad Sofi.
Cheating and dishonestly, criminal intimidation, forgery for purpose of cheating, voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons or means and charges related to Act of endangering life or personal safety of others are the other cases the contesting candidates are facing.
109 candidates or 62 per cent have not declared their income tax details.
Though some candidates may be exempted from filing income tax returns under rules, there are 20 candidates with assets worth more than Rs 1 crore, who have not declared such details.
Party-wise the National Conference (NC) has the lowest number of such candidates who have not filed their IT details five, while Bahujan Samajwadi Party (BSP) and National Panthers Party (NPP) have the highest of 12 and 11 respectively.
Nine candidates of Congress, nine of BJP, eight of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and four out of five Peoples Conference (PC) headed by separatist-turned-mainstream Sajad Gani Lone have not filed their I-T returns.
There are 74 candidates who have not submitted their PAN details.
Party-wise, Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has the highest number of crorepatis nine out of 16 (56 per cent), while Congress too has nine but out of 18. National Conference (NC) has eight crorepati candidates, BJP has seven and 12 out of 52 Independent candidates have declared assets worth more than Rs 1 crore.
The average value of assets per candidate contesting in the second phase of the polls is Rs 1.41 crore.
Among major parties, the average assets per PDP candidates is Rs 2.01 crore, for Congress candidates it is Rs 1.78 crore, while for NC Rs 1.74 crore and for BJP it is Rs 1.54 crore.
There are five candidates who have liabilities of over Rs one crore. Meenakshi Sharma, an independent candidate from Reasi. has the highest liabilities of Rs 4.79 crore.
103 candidates are in the age group of 25 to 50 years, while 68 are in the age group of 51 to 80.
Nine assembly segments each are going to polls in the second phase in both Jammu and Kashmir regions of the state. They are spread over five districts of Kupwara, Kulgam, Reasi, Udhampur and Poonch.
The electorate in the constituencies of Gulabgarh, Reasi, Gool Arnas, Udhampur, Chenani, Ramnagar, Surankote, Mendhar and Poonch Haveli in Jammu region and Karnah, Kupwara, Lolab, Handwara, Langate, Noorabad, Kulgam, Home-Shalibugh and Devsar in Kashmir Valley will vote on December 2.
TAGS: Jammu And Kashmir
More from miscellaneous

Mid-sized IT firms lap up technology startupsCloudSquads Inc
(Persistent recently acquired…)
PUNE: A bunch of mid-sized IT companies are increasingly buying startups or partnering with them in new technology spaces to diversify and increase product offerings.
Companies such as Persistent Systems, Zensar, Gozoop and Geometricare are working with and acquiring product startups.
"We partner with startups through a dedicated team, have an M&A department scouting startups for acquisition, and at the same time our venture fund arm is investing in startups with innovative technology that has a long time horizon," said Mritunjay Singh, chief operating officer at Persistent Systems.
Persistent recently acquired Hoopz, a Pune-based startup working in the web discovery technology space. Earlier this year it acquired California and Pune-based CloudSquads Inc , an enterprise social apps platform.
Zensar Technologies has acquired Professional Access Software Development, which is into in retail commerce, while global digital services IT company Gozoop has bought iThink Info Tech , which focuses on custom software development for web and mobile.
Persistent has a $10-million (approx Rs 62 crore) venture fund. It plans to invest in more than 40 companies. "We are in discussion with five to six startups through our M&A team and we may acquire them if we feel they can contribute towards the end-to-end solutions we offer our clients with new innovative technology," Singh said.
"Indian companies are doing well in the product space in Internet of Things (IoT), cloud and big data," he said. "Depending on who fits our profile, our acquisition can be from India or the US."
Singh said decision making was faster in companies where the urgency to add new technology is more.
Besides taking over startups, these firms are also investing in them.
Ganesh Natarajan, CEO of Zensar Technologies, said, "We are partnering with over a dozen startups and will expand this universe. And if there are opportunities to incubate or acquire similar players of we would be open."
He added, "In Zensar's case, with our focus on digital transformation, we continually seek companies, both startup and mature technology providers who have point solutions in our focus verticals - manufacturing, retail and insurance."
Krishna Ramaswami, who heads India operations and the digital enterprise of Zensar Technologies, said startup partners with niche solutions are integral to providing digital transformation solutions today. "This is exactly what we have adopted as a strategy. The reasons are quite fundamental because startups are nimble and are engaged with cutting edge solutions in the digital space," he said.
The company is looking to partner with around a dozen startups, and is also looking at acquisitions in key markets, primarily US and Europe, Ramaswami said.
Digital services company Gozoop is similarly looking at acquisitions of startups working in its core area. In July, it acquired web and mobile software development startup IThink Info Tech. A year earlier it had bought social media agency Red Digital.
"Indian startups know how to bootstrap well," said Rohan Bhansali, CEO of Gozoop. "We are always on the lookout for a purchase that can make us bigger and better. We are currently on the lookout for acquisitions in the gaming space," he added.
Bhansali said Gozoop looks for both talent and scale. "Talent acquisitions are made in areas that are not naturally our strengths. Here the biggest assets we acquire are the entrepreneurs along with their teams. Scale acquisitions help us enter new geographies and expand our current client base."
There are 800 startups being set up in India every year and the country is the third largest startup ecosystem in the world after the US and UK.
Seven Indian tech startups were acquired by global players in 2013, and this year global giants, Facebook, Yahoo and Google have made acquisitions for the first time in India.
Sharad Sharma, cofounder of product think tank iSpirit , said Persistent Systems has made a consistent effort to acquire startups as a strategic move. "We need more IT companies to take a lead in startup acquisition. Companies such as Zensar have started acquiring startups too, but for the most part it is still early stages," he said.
Sharma said that for the majority of the IT companies in India, the Global 2000 companies form the top clients. "Their natural acquisition strategy too is focused on the US and UK startups that cater to same size customers," he said. "Indian product companies on the other hand are focused on the mid-sized market globally, especially the US.
Hence, we are seeing the trend of acquisitions from US companies who are serial acquirers, such as Google and Yahoo. This trend shall continue as more product startups get discovered from India," Sharma said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

M-commerce to contribute up to 70 per cent of online shopping: ExpertsAmazon India
(Mobile internet users in…)
MUMBAI: Shopping online through smartphones is expected to be a game changer shortly and industry experts believe that m-commerce would contribute up to 70 per cent of their total revenues.
"In India, the mobile internet traffic now outweighs personal computer traffic. With increasing penetration of smartphones, India is all set to be a massive market for m-commerce. The marketing strategies for e-commerce companies will increasingly be tailored to suit the rising adoption of smartphones, social media and improving customer experience across touch points and platforms," Amazon India Vice President and Country Manager Amit Agarwal said.
He said that more than 40 per cent of their traffic comes from mobile devices.
Mobile internet users in India are estimated to be 120 million compared to 100 million users using internet on their personal computers.
"Close to 60 per cent of our orders are coming over mobile now. It is growing really fast. We get more traffic on the mobile than we get on personal computers. Within the next 12 months over 75 per cent of our orders will be on mobile," Snapdeal co-founder Kunal Bahl said.
Fashion portal retailer Myntra.com expects close to 70 per cent of revenue coming through mobiles this fiscal.
"Myntra.com has witnessed phenomenal activity on the m-commerce front, with smartphones gaining prominence as the preferred mode to access and shop for fashion brands in the country.
"Currently, close to 50 per cent of our business is driven by m-commerce and with the launch of our Mobile App across all platforms (Android, iOS and Windows), we expect this figure to grow to 70 per cent by end of this fiscal," Myntra Chief Product and Technology Officer Shamik Sharma said.
M-commerce is estimated to be 30 per cent of the $ 3 billion e-tailing industry and is likely to grow to nearly 40 per cent of the industry that is expected to be 32 billion by 2020, according to Technopak Senior Vice President, Retail and Consumer Products Ankur Bisen.
Flipkart Senior Director Marketing Mausam Bhatt said e-commerce industry is gradually progressing to be a m-commerce industry.
"I think the way e-commerce industry is evolving it is becoming more of a mobile-commerce industry. If you look at Flipkart a year ago, less than 10 per cent of our orders, transactions and visits used to come from mobile commerce.
"Now those numbers are greater than 50 per cent for us. It is accelerating at a very rapid pace. We are seeing more than 2 times or 3 times growth from the mobile front compared to desktop, where Flipkart is growing overall but mobile is growing at a much faster pace," he said.
  For fashion portal Jabong, m-commerce constitutes 30 per cent of its sales and Founder and Chief Executive Officer Arun Chandra Mohan said it will drive the growth of the sector.
"The internet penetration is increasing exponentially. The existing users are spending more time on internet. New users are increasing significantly. The mobile users are scaling up. So even in Jabong, we have invested heavily on mobile app.
"Close to 30 per cent of our revenues is coming from mobile. Penetration is increasing and existing users are coming back very strongly. M-commerce will drive the e-commerce growth going forward and right now it is a very strong enabler," he said.
Flipkart's Bhatt said there is an increasing growth in commerce from the non-metro cities which is primarily driven through smartphones.
He pointed out that in India almost 70-75 per cent of the people primarily access internet via their phones, which is driving a lot of growth for a lot of companies.
"It enables them to expand their market outside of the traditional metro regions where a lot of e-commerce players are historically focused on and that is one of the big driving factors why e-commerce companies are now focusing on the mobile segment," he said.
He further said m-commerce story in India is proving to be a game changer at the global level.
"If you look at the benchmark from the US companies or the Chinese companies, the percentage of revenue that is driven from m-commerce in India is significantly higher than lot of those companies and countries," he said.
Myntra's Sharma said mobile is an important mode to increase revenues and acquire customers.
"Mobile is now one of our most strategic channels for driving revenue and customer acquisition. We are investing to build strong technology and marketing platforms that will allow us to accelerate our growth on mobile," Sharma said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Credit Suisse trims India overweight but says not fully valued yetCredit Suisse trims India overweight to 10 pct from 15 pct versus emerging market benchmarks.
Cites India’s outperformance in 2014 and the over-exposure of emerging market funds as key reasons.
NSE index gains 36.2 pct so far this year as on Friday’s close, making India the best-performing Asian equity market, according to Thomson Reuters data.
However, the investment bank adds India is not fully valued.
Says further improvements in macro, earnings and an attractive currency can drive future performance.
Adds multiple expansion to continue, supported by disinflation and a further pickup in growth.
Credit Suisse highlights India still offers the highest earnings growth outlook among all emerging markets.
The investment bank says its macro regression model suggests a 39 pct potential upside to Indian stocks.
Also, it says the external position appears strong and the rupee is attractively placed within emerging market currencies.
TAGS: Credit Suisse
More from economy
Per capita annual income increases in national capital The per capita annual income in the national capital has increased to Rs 2.19 lakh in 2013-14 as campared to Rs 1.92 lakh in the previous fiscal.

Petrol and diesel prices cut once againPetrol, diesel prices cut again this month
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS –  Sun 30 Nov, 2014 6:36 PM IST
Find out how much petrol and diesel costs in you city: Click Here
Click on image for latest fuel prices
"The prices of petrol and diesel were last revised downwards from Nov 1 by Rs.2.41/litre and Rs.2.25/litre respectively (including state levies at Delhi) on the back of declining international oil prices," Indian Oil Corp. said in a release here.
"The movement of prices in international oil market and INR-USD exchange rate shall continue to be closely monitored and developing trends of the market will be reflected in future price changes," it added.
From Monday, petrol per litre will cost Rs.63.33 in Delhi, Rs.70.73 in Kolkata, Rs.70.95 in Mumbai and Rs.66.05 in Chennai.
Diesel, correspondingly, will cost Rs.52.51 in Delhi, Rs.57.08 in Kolkata, Rs.60.11 in Mumbai and Rs.55.93 in Chennai.
Last month, the government deregulated diesel prices by linking the fuel cost to market-based pricing.
The price of the Indian basket crude oil on the last trading day Friday was $72.51 per barrel. A barrel is equal to 159 litres.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

FM Arun Jaitley cautions against regulatory overlapsFM Arun Jaitley raises concerns about regulatory overlaps
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 1, 2014  | 19:59 IST
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley (Photo: Agencies)
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Monday that active and responsive regulators ensure fair play but emergence of multi-sectoral regulators raises concerns about their crossing each other's jurisdictional areas.
Mergers and acquisitions (M&A) would continue to create big corporate conglomerates but there is a need to draw a red line to avoid dominance and curbing of open competition in market by them, Jaitley said while addressing a conference on competition issues in the national capital.
According to the Finance Minister , there is a need to have an active and responsive regulator. However, he cautioned about the growth of multi- sectoral regulators in recent times.
Jaitley was inaugurating the International Competition Network (ICN) Merger workshop in the national capital, organised by fair-trade regilator Competition Commission of India (CCI).
Stressing that people learn from global experiences, Jaitley said, "If two telecom majors  are to amalgamate, will there be common turf areas between the telecom regulator and market regulator CCI. Therefore, how do you built the jurisdiction of the two. Obviously jurisdiction in this area is emerging."
Meanwhile, the government is in the process of implementing a large number of legislative and administrative recommendations of the Financial Sector Reforms Commission (FSLRC), which had suggested a major overhauling of financial sector regulations.
"As the change in process of reform continues... I have not the least doubt that a large number of these (FSLRC) recommendations will actually see implementation in the days to come," the Finance Minister had said last week.
FSLRC, chaired by Justice BN Srikrishna, has suggested a non-sectoral, principle-based approach to revamp the existing framework. Among various suggestions, the FSLRC has suggested creation of a unified financial sector regulator comprising te Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda), Forward Markets Commission (FMC) and part of Reserve Bank of India (RBI).

Suspected Boko Haram struck Nigeria with twin blastsBy: Associated Press | Bauchi |
Posted: December 1, 2014 2:28 pm | Updated: December 1, 2014 6:28 pm
Suspected Islamic extremists struck two state capitals in northeast Nigeria on Monday, with twin blasts at a crowded market in Maiduguri and explosions and gunfire hitting Damaturu. In Maiduguri rescue workers were trying to evacuate the dead and wounded from the market, the same one where two female suicide bombers killed at least 70 people a week ago, said trader Bala Dauda.
“I can’t say how many were killed or injured but I have seen very many victims dripping with blood, others with parts of their bodies dismembered by the blasts,” Dauda told The Associated Press by telephone. Monday’s blasts also were caused by “two girls,” said witness Mallam Muhammadu. Police spokesman Gideon Jubrin said it’s too early to give a toll.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the Maiduguri blasts but people blamed Boko Haram, the Islamic extremist group that has carried out many such attacks in a 5-year insurgency that has killed thousands and forced hundreds of thousands from their homes.
In Damaturu, explosions and gunfire erupted before dawn on Monday causing some residents to flee into the bush and others to cower in their homes. Damaturu, the provincial capital of Yobe state, is some 135 kilometers (85 miles) west of Maiduguri, which is the capital of Borno state.
The militants targeted a rapid-response police base on the outskirts of Damaturu, said resident Garba Musa. “It has been burned down completely,” he said. The Defense Ministry headquarters said a fighter jet was repelling the attackers.
A helicopter gunship was hovering over the town. “We are still under fire,” Premium Times news website quoted Yobe state police Commissioner Marcus Danladi as saying. “Kindly sympathize with us. There is nothing I can tell you now.”
Civil servant Abdullahi Abba said his family was hiding in the bush. “We’ve been hearing these gunshots and bombs since the early hours and felt unsafe staying at home.” He said they hoped to trek to the nearby town of Tarmuwa. We don’t know where to hide, the shooting is all over … We are running for our lives,” said resident Musa Abbas.
The attacks on the two state capitals show an acceleration of the extremist violence in northeastern Nigeria. Boko Haram, the West African’s nation’s homegrown Islamic extremist group, has been striking with increased frequency and deadliness since the military declared the insurgents had agreed to a ceasefire in September.
On Friday, bomb blasts and gunfire killed more than 100 people praying at the main mosque in northern Kano, Nigeria’s second largest city. Boko Haram is holding a couple dozen continued…

October infrastructure output growth accelerates to 6.3 pct: GovtCBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case
The growth rate of eight of core industries rose to four-month high of 6.3 per cent in October on the back of better output in coal, refinery products and electricity, a positive news ahead of the RBI’s monetary policy review tomorrow.
The infrastructure sector comprising eight core industries — coal, crude oil, natural gas, refinery products, fertiliser, steel, cement and electricity — had shrunk by 0.1 per cent in October last year.
The growth rate was 1.9 per cent in September this year.
The core sector contributes 38 per cent in the overall industrial production, a parameter that RBI takes into account while framing its monetary policy.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expected to hold interest rate at 8 per cent in its fifth bi-monthly monetary policy review tomorrow.
The industry has been demanding a rate cut to push the economic growth, which has slowed to 5.3 per cent in September quarter from 5.7 per cent in the three months to June 2014.
Production in coal, refinery products and electricity registered a growth of 16.2 per cent, 4.2 per cent and 13.2 per cent, respectively in October, as per the data released by the Commerce and Industry Ministry.
Growth in coal and refinery products had declined by 3.5 per cent and 5 per cent, respectively in October 2013 while growth in power generation was only 1.3 per cent.
Expansion in crude oil and steel production was 1 per cent and 2.3 per cent respectively in October. The growth in the two sectors was slower than the previous month.
During April-October, the eight sectors grew by 4.3 per cent as against 4.2 per cent in the same period last year.
TAGS: Infrastructure
More from economy
Per capita annual income increases in national capital The per capita annual income in the national capital has increased to Rs 2.19 lakh in 2013-14 as campared to Rs 1.92 lakh in the previous fiscal.

Nov factory growth fastest in nearly 2 yrs  inflation revives  shows HSBC PMICBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case
India’s manufacturing sector output accelerated in November at the quickest pace in nearly two years, driven by robust output and new orders, an HSBC survey said today.
The headline HSBC India Purchasing Managers’ Index (PMI) — a composite gauge designed to give a single-figure snapshot of manufacturing business conditions — stood at 53.3 in November significantly higher from 51.6 in October.
The manufacturing sector output, improved for the 13th month in a row and reached a 21-month peak in November.
A figure above 50 indicates the sector is expanding, while a figure below that level means contraction.
“Manufacturing activity accelerated further in November led by higher output and new orders. Domestic orders saw the biggest increase, even as new export orders continued to be strong,” HSBC Co-Head of Asian Economic Research Frederic Neumann said.
November data indicated stronger-than-expected demand, as new order growth accelerated to the quickest in 21 months. Similarly, foreign orders received by Indian goods producers continued to rise strongly in November.
In spite of accelerated expansions in output and new business, employment in the manufacturing sector remained broadly unchanged in November, the report said.
“The sharp rise in input prices was surprising, but future prints may be lower as falling commodity prices eventually lead to softer intermediate good prices. Meanwhile, the pick-up in output prices could partly be signalling some revival in pricing power among businesses,” Neumann said.
A cautionary note was, however, provided by the HSBC survey regarding input costs and output charges, as inflationary pressures intensified during the month following three consecutive months of easing.
“Higher output and an uptick in final prices should convince the RBI to stay on hold in the upcoming meeting,” Neumann said.
The RBI, which has maintained the interest at elevated level for the past 10 months, is scheduled to announce it policy review tomorrow.
According to official figure, wholesale inflation came down to a five-year low at 1.77 per cent in October while retail inflation hit a record low of 5.52 per cent in the same month.
Meanwhile, the country’s economic growth fell to 5.3 per cent in the second quarter from 5.7 per cent rate in the first three-month period ended June, raising the clamour for rate cut by the RBI tomorrow.
India’s Mfg sector output at nearly 2-year peak in Nov: HSBC
(Reuters) Indian factory activity expanded at its fastest pace in nearly two years in November as burgeoning order books led manufacturers to accelerate output, a business survey showed on Monday.
The HSBC Manufacturing Purchasing Managers’ Index (PMI), compiled by Markit, rose to 53.3 in November from 51.6 in October, its highest since February 2013, and the thirteenth consecutive month of expansion in activity.
A Reuters poll had expected manufacturing activity to lose some steam and predicted the index would fall to 51.2.
New orders were supported by strong domestic demand for consumer goods while foreign orders remained robust. The sub-index soared to a 21-month high of 56.2 from October’s 53.0.
The expansion in output encouraged manufacturers to add more jobs.
The survey also showed companies passed on additional input costs to consumers at a faster pace, which could revive inflationary pressures after several months of slowing.
“The pick-up in output prices could partly be signaling some revival in pricing power among businesses,” said Pranjul Bhandari, chief India economist at HSBC.
Economic growth slowed to 5.3 percent in the three months to September, from 5.7 percent in the previous quarter, but the Reserve Bank of India is expected to stand pat on interest rates when it meets on Tuesday despite pressure from the government to lower borrowing costs.
The RBI’s key lending rate is expected to remain unchanged at 8.0 percent until at least April.
TAGS: HSBC PMI Inflation
More from economy
Per capita annual income increases in national capital The per capita annual income in the national capital has increased to Rs 2.19 lakh in 2013-14 as campared to Rs 1.92 lakh in the previous fiscal.

Moodys downgrades Japans credit ratingMoody’s downgrades Japan’s credit rating
Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eea537be-7939-11e4-a57d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rupee edges higher to 62.02 vs US dollar after slumping to 9-month low5
0
Mumbai: The Indian rupee on Monday erased initial losses and edged one paisa higher at 62.02 versus the greenback on late dollar selling by exporters and some banks, snapping a two-day losing trend.
After opening weak, the rupee hit a fresh nine-month low of 62.25 against US dollar as traders reacted to government easing curbs on gold imports and economic growth for second quarter coming at a tepid 5.3 per cent. However, the rupee erased the losses and closed marginally higher.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced sharply lower at the day's low of 62.25 a dollar from last weekend's close of 62.03.
After opening weak, the rupee hit a fresh nine-month low of 62.25 against US dollar as traders reacted to government easing curbs on gold imports and economic growth for second quarter coming at a tepid 5.3 per cent.
#rupee #dollar #mumbai #stock exchange
The mood was a bit cautious ahead of RBI policy review. Later, it rebounded on dollar selling by some banks and exporters and closed at the day's high of 62.02, a gain of one paisa or 0.02 per cent.
In the previous two sessions, it had lost 19 paise. The rupee had little help from local equities on Monday. The Indian benchmark S&P BSE Sensex closed lower by 134.37 points, or 0.47 per cent.
There was support for the local currency from Sebi data that showed FPIs/FIIs infused USD 396.24 million on Friday. The dollar index, a gauge of six major global rivals, was down by 0.15 per cent. Oil prices fell to a five-year low and even gold rates fell as global investors were risk-averse.
"Over this week, we expect the pair to trade within a range of 61.60/80 and 62.30/40 levels on spot. RBI monetary policy and US November jobs report will be key data points," said Anindya Banerjee, Currency Analyst, Kotak Securities.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group said, the trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 61.60 to 62.40.
4

RoadMin to bring mandatory crash testing norms soonDec 01, 2014, 08.21 PM IST  | Source: PTI
RoadMin to bring mandatory crash testing norms soon
"The government is planning to mandate the offset frontal crash test and side impact crash test norms for passenger cars," Minister of State for Road Transport and Highways Pon Radhakrishnan informed the Rajya Sabha today.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
RoadMin to bring mandatory crash testing norms soon
"The government is planning to mandate the offset frontal crash test and side impact crash test norms for passenger cars," Minister of State for Road Transport and Highways Pon Radhakrishnan informed the Rajya Sabha today.
Post your opinion here
 
The Ministry of Road Transport and Highways will soon come out with mandatory crash testing norms for passenger cars.
"The government is planning to mandate the offset frontal crash test and side impact crash test norms for passenger cars," Minister of State for Road Transport and Highways Pon Radhakrishnan informed the Rajya Sabha today.
To meet these regulations, majority of car manufacturers will need to have several in-built safety devices, including air bags. He said the facilities are being built for the requisite test under National Automotive Testing and Research and Development Infrastructure Project (NATRIP) initiative.
"Once these facilities are ready, the regulations will be implemented," Radhakrishnan said. The Society of Indian Automobile Manufactures (SIAM) is a member of the Standing Committee on the Central Motor Vehicles Rules, which decides the implementation issues. Automobile manufacturers provide their viewpoints from time to time in this forum along with other stakeholders.
RELATED NEWS

Bank unions on relay strike from tomorrow after talks failDec 01, 2014, 09.54 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Bank unions on relay strike from tomorrow after talks fail
The decision came after talks at a conciliation meeting called by the Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner of Mumbai, the Indian Banking Association (IBA) and the United Forum of Banking Unions (UFBU) failed.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bank unions on relay strike from tomorrow after talks fail
The decision came after talks at a conciliation meeting called by the Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner of Mumbai, the Indian Banking Association (IBA) and the United Forum of Banking Unions (UFBU) failed.
Post your opinion here
 
Banking services are likely to be affected for the next four days as employees of PSU banks plan to go on a zone-wise relay strike beginning with Southern region tomorrow, after wage revision talks failed here today.
The decision came after talks at a conciliation meeting called by the Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner of Mumbai, the Indian Banking Association (IBA) and the United Forum of Banking Unions (UFBU) failed. The UFBU represents about five workmen unions and four officers' associations.
Accordingly, the first phase of the relay strike would be held in Southern India tomorrow (December 2), followed by Northern India on December 3, Eastern India on December 4 and Western India on December 5.
"The government and the IBA want us to call off our strike and then participate in negotiations, which is not acceptable to us," UFBU's convener for Maharashtra Vishwas Utagi said.
"They are not serious about wage revisions and so we are going ahead with our relay strike," Utagi, who is also senior vice-president of the All India Bank Employees' Association said.
Bank unions, which have demanded an immediate wage revision, had observed a national one-day strike on November 12.
Besides wage revision, bank unions have also demanded a reduction in the number of working days of employees to five days from six days as well as regulated working hours for officers.
Banking sector wages and service conditions are governed by industry-level bipartite settlements signed between the IBA and unions.
The last bipartite settlement was signed on April 27, 2010 and was valid from November 1, 2007 to October 31, 2012. All banks which gave mandate to the IBA to negotiate on their behalf are parties to the settlement.
RELATED NEWS

FM to chair state FMs meet on GST on Dec 11Dec 01, 2014, 08.35 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
FM to chair state FMs meet on GST on Dec 11
Tax rates, exemptions, threshold to be decided by GST council, sources said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
FM to chair state FMs meet on GST on Dec 11
Tax rates, exemptions, threshold to be decided by GST council, sources said.
Post your opinion here
 
Finance Minister Arun Jaitely is likely to chair state FMs meet on GST Constitutional Amendment Bill on December 11, sources tell CNBC-TV18. The Centre, which proposes Cabinet nod for the bill after the meet, plans to table it the current session of Parliament.
According to sources, the Centre proposes subsuming entry tax into GST and a ‘nil rate’ on petroleum. It also proposes to separate GST compensation legislation. Tax rates, exemptions, threshold to be decided by GST council, sources said.
States are yet to receive the latest draft of Constitutional Amendment Bill. It may be recalled that the revenue department had proposed Rs 16,000 crore as first the tranche of CST compensation. However, sources said that the current fiscal position may delay part CST payment in the Winter Session.
RELATED NEWS

Govt seeks suggestions for improving PSU banks  performanceDec 01, 2014, 08.51 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Govt seeks suggestions for improving PSU banks' performance
The government will post the information related to performance of public sector banks (PSBs) vis-a-vis private sector banks.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Govt seeks suggestions for improving PSU banks' performance
The government will post the information related to performance of public sector banks (PSBs) vis-a-vis private sector banks.
Post your opinion here
 
In order to improve performance of public sector banks, the government today sought suggestions from general public on various parameters, including bad assets that have hit a record low in terms of volumes.
"Suggestions from general public as to how to improve performance of public sector banks on various parameters are invited by the Department of Financial Services ...," an official statement said. The suggestions can be posted on the website www.mygov.in ..
The government will post the information related to performance of public sector banks (PSBs) vis-a-vis private sector banks.
At present, there are 27 public sector banks and 22 private sector lenders in the country. Public sector banks accounted for over 90 percent of total non-performing assets (NPAs) that the banking sector registered in 2013-14.
Of Rs 2.40 lakh crore gross NPAs reported by the banking system in 2013-14, Rs 2.16 lakh crore gross NPAs came from the public sector banks, Parliament was informed.
Private sector banks had gross NPAs of Rs 22,738 crore as of March 31, 2014.
NPA of public sector banks rose sharply to 5.33 percent of total advances in September 2014 mainly due to sluggishness in the economy and other factors, including delay in environmental clearances.
The gross NPAs of state-run lenders stood at 4.72 percent of total advances at the end of March 2014.
The combined gross NPAs of public and private sector banks were at Rs 1.76 lakh crore and Rs 1.31 lakh crore in 2012-13 and 2011-12 respectively.
RELATED NEWS

From bad to worse: Vijay Mallya loses posts at Kingfisher  MCFL27
0
New Delhi: In a double-whammy for flamboyant businessman Vijay Mallya, the government has annulled his re- appointment as Managing Director of Kingfisher Airlines while he also had to quit from board of another group company MCFL.
This comes close on the heels of minority shareholders of United Spirits, once a prized entity of Mallya-led UB group, rejecting proposals regarding proposed financial dealings of the company with entities connected to him.
Kingfisher, which had to be grounded in October 2012 due to severe financial crunch and mounting debt, had sought the Corporate Affairs Ministry's approval for Mallya's re-appointment for a period of five-year beginning October 16, 2013 "without remuneration".
The airline said in a regulatory filing on Monday that its application has been rejected, but did not disclose any specific reason.
#vijay mallya #kingfisher #mcfl
The airline said in a regulatory filing on Monday that its application has been rejected, but did not disclose any specific reason.
Government sources, however, said that the decision was taken because Kingfisher failed to get necessary approvals from its lenders and shareholders for the re-appointment.
The disclosure came on a day, when another UB Group firm Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL) announced Mallya's resignation as a director without giving any reason.
Trading in shares of Kingfisher and another group firm UB Engineering also got suspended with effect from Monday because of the companies' non-compliance to listing norms.
Kingfisher, which once prided itself as the most luxurious airline with Mallya being known as the 'King of Good Times', alone used to command a market value of over Rs 10,000 crore once, but now stands at just about Rs 100 crore.
The overall UB group market value has tanked by over half in the past one year, while excluding United Spirits. The penal action by stock exchanges followed the companies' inability to prepare and publish financial results in time, which the firms have attributed to lack of staff.
Kingfisher has previously faced strong staff protests for non-payment of salaries, while it is also under regulatory scanner for various accounting lapses.
As per the latest disclosures made to the stock exchanges, Mallya was serving as Chairman and Managing Director of Kingfisher, which has been without a full-time CEO ever since Sanjay Agarwal left the company early this year.
4

Why Raghuram Rajan May Not Oblige Arun Jaitley With a Rate CutYou are here: Home Economy
Why Raghuram Rajan May Not Oblige Arun Jaitley With a Rate Cut
NDTV | Written By: Varun Sinha | Updated On: December 02, 2014 09:14 (IST)
BofA-ML Sees 0.25% Rate Cut in February on Easing Inflation
Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan will be under the burden of huge expectations when he delivers his bi-monthly monetary policy on Tuesday. Indian stock markets have run up to record highs on expectations of a rate cut.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has repeatedly asked for interest rate cuts citing falling demand and weak growth. Finally, home and auto loan consumers, whose equated monthly installments (EMIs) are tied to the RBI's repo rate, are also hoping for a cut.
The central bank had last cut rates in May, 2013. Since then rates have gone up three times to 8 per cent now.
The clamour for a rate cut has grown because of the sharp fall in consumer price or retail inflation, which has eased for three straight months. Falling crude oil prices have raised hopes that inflation will trend lower for the coming years.
Secondly, interest rate cuts are generally beneficial for the economy. Lower rates tend to revive domestic investment, spur higher spending by consumers and boost demand. Rate cuts may come handy at a time when credit offtake is at multi-year lows.
Bank of America-Merrill Lynch economists Indranil Sen Gupta and Abhishek Gupta say lower cost of capital will give a good fillip to the Indian economy.
"The incentive to invest will surely ultimately depend on visibility of rising demand that will come with lower rates... real rates faced by industry are at historical highs hurting economic recovery," they add.
But economists who expect Dr Rajan to cut rates are in a hopeless minority. Only 4 out of 45 economists in a Reuters poll say the RBI will cut rates on Tuesday. Here's why:
1) In October, the CPI inflation eased to a record low of 5.52 per cent. This is lower than RBI's target of 8 per cent inflation by January 2015, but there are chances of a spike in inflation early next year. According to Care Ratings, if current forecast for lower kharif output comes true, inflation may start rising again.
2) Pranjul Bhandari, chief economist (India) at HSBC, says commodity prices can change course quickly. If that happens, the expected fall in inflation may not materialise.
3) When economic growth picks up, core inflation could shoot back up even faster, as seen in 2010, Mr Bhandari adds.
4) According to Crisil, the real lending rates between 2012-13 and 2013-14 averaged 2.4 per cent, but investment growth dropped to 0.3 per cent down from an average 16.2 per cent during 2004-2008, when rates were 7.4 per cent. So, low rates do not necessarily translate into higher investment.
5) A cut in interest rates will translate in to lower bond yields making investment in Indian debt less attractive. As a result, the rupee will come under pressure. It hit a nine-month low of 62.25 per dollar on Monday.
Clearly, those pressing for a rate cut do not have a watertight case, but then Dr Rajan is known to surprise markets. Whether he obliges the finance minister or sticks to the RBI's stated hardline stance on inflation will be known in a matter of hours.
Story first published on: December 01, 2014 20:15 (IST)

Maharashtra CM delivers on drought package and transfer policiesWritten by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |
Posted: December 1, 2014 10:17 pm
At the end of one month chief minister Devendra Fadnavis lead government has made its mark in two major decisions related to combating drought and reforms in transfer policies in government.
In absence of full-fledged cabinet, Fadnavis appears to be going slow in taking hard decisions which could have a long term financial implications. The stress has been to firefight the issues on daily basis rather than take a couple of hard decisions that would make a mark.
In a candid admission, Fadnavis said, “The major challenge before us is tackling the severe drought. There are 19,069 villages reeling under agriculture drought out of the total 39,134 villages across Maharashtra.” However, Fadnavis has given impetus to the reforms in
power sector which he admits would take some more time to bring results.
In less than two weeks after he took the charge the government streamlined the coal linkages that helped in additional 1700 MW power. It helped to bring down the power outage by three hours daily in rural Maharashtra.
The primary task to get the central financial assistance culminated in Rs 4,000 crore drought relief package and Rs 4,500 crore drought
mitigation package. A senior secretary in power ministry said, “Frankly, speaking you cannot expect outstanding policy decisions within a month. In power sector if we have to usher major reforms it would adversely affect 40 lakh farmers whose electricity dues we are waiving.”
The pressure to provide loan waiver also means the targeted agriculture growth of four per cent will not be met this year. The decision to rationalise power tariff to provide concessions to industries is also on hold because of drought.
However, Fadnavis appears to have focused on fixing the basic problems both inside and outside the government. He has sought the proposals from all 29 departments in Mantralaya to provide the strength and grades of officials. Thus making it clear that transfers of non-IAS category would be dealt by the concerned department head and not brought to the chief minister of concerned minister.
The process of decentralisation including in home ministry which he holds has send a positive note in administration. A former Congress minister said, “If it is enforced in letter and spirit without political interference it would indicate they are seriously tackling corruption which has become rampant in transfer of officials.”
The decentralisation of transfer policy from minister to concerned head of departments in irrigation sector and Food and Drugs Administration is perceived as a big step forward to tackle corruption. The chief minister also indicated that government would like to empower the officials to bring more efficiency and accountability in administration.
While the government promises ten per cent growth in state, it does not explain how it would achieve the target minus growth in agriculture and industry. However, two decision which could have been taken relates to bringing an alternative to local body tax and toll tax policy. Fadnavis promise on both these issues appear on paper.
Although he held discussions with various organisations and civic authorities. The government’s urgency to fast track coastal continued…

Fatmi slams Modi govt over Sanskrit rowPeshawar school attack: Take me, spare the kids, says Nobel laureate Kailash Satyarthi to Taliban gunmen
Sanskrit should not be promoted at the cost of other regional languages, said former HRD minister M A A Fatmi, who also accused the Narendra Modi-led government’s education policy as ‘backward and insular’.
“It is a welcome step that the government has decided to promote Sanskrit but this should not be done hastily at the cost of other regional languages,” Former Union HRD Minister of State M A A Fatmi said today.
“We will support the government if it opens Sanskrit schools, colleges and universities at suitable places all over the country. However, if the government goes ahead with its policy of making Sanskrit compulsory as it is doing in the case of Kendriya Vidyalayas, it would only lead to resistance amongst students,” former RJD’s National General Secretary said.
Fatmi also accused the Bharatiya Janata Party-led (BJP) government at the Centre of following a backward and insular education policy.
“Modi had claimed that he would take the country forward into the 21st century by following a progressive policy in the vital field of education. Unfortunately, however, the very opposite is taking place,” Fatmi told reporters here.
“What we are seeing is that instead of inducting the best and the brightest educationists, the present government is hastily filling all vital posts with men belonging to the RSS, who carry out outdated ideas,” he claimed.
“Another very alarming move is that of trying to encroach up on the autonomy of important centres of higher education, including the Aligarh Muslim University. The subtle manner in which the BJP tried to use the issue of AMU central library and now the issue of freedom fighter Raja Mahendra Pratap, to needle the AMU, does not auger well,” he said.
Fatmi said,”if the government is really serious about honouring Raja Mahendra Pratap then I would strongly recommend that the government should honour him and his closest associate Maulana Barkatullah Khan with the Bharat Ratna. I can safely say that both of them deserve it. This would be better than trying to use communalism and casteism for polarizing society merely for political gains.”
“The BJP is a party without icons and one-by-one they are trying to appropriate secular icons like Raja Mahendra Pratap who had nothing to do with the BJP’s communal agenda. Raja Mahendra Pratap had always opposed the Jana Sangh tooth and nail. They do not have a single leader worth the name who took part in the national movement for freedom of the country,” he alleged.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party BJP News Narendra Modi Sanskrit
More from miscellaneous

Information-Rich Democracy Is Key to Good Governancereddit
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. -- Human beings have always lived in groups, and their individual lives have invariably depended on group decisions. But the challenges of group choice can be daunting, particularly given the divergent interests and concerns of the group's members. So, how should collective decision-making be carried out?
A dictator who wants to control every aspect of people's lives will seek to ignore the preferences of everyone else. But that level of power is hard to achieve. More important, dictatorship of any kind can readily be seen to be a terrible way to govern a society.
So, for both ethical and practical reasons, social scientists have long investigated how the concerns of a society's members can be reflected in one way or another in its collective decisions, even if the society is not fully democratic. For example, in the fourth century BC, Aristotle in Greece and Kautilya in India explored various possibilities of social choice in their classic books, Politics and Economics, respectively (the Sanskrit title of Kautilya's book, Arthashastra, translates literally as "the discipline of material wellbeing").
The study of social choice as a formal discipline first came into its own in the late eighteenth century, when the subject was pioneered by French mathematicians, particularly J. C. Borda and Marquis de Condorcet. The intellectual climate of the time was greatly influenced by the European Enlightenment, with its interest in reasoned construction of a social order, and its commitment to the creation of a society responsive to people's preferences.
But the theoretical investigations of Borda, Condorcet, and others often yielded rather pessimistic results. For example, the so-called "voting paradox" presented by Condorcet showed that majority rule can reach an impasse when every alternative is defeated in voting by some other alternative, so that no alternative is capable of standing up to the challenge of every other alternative.
Social choice theory in its modern and systematic form owes its rigorous foundation to the work of Kenneth J. Arrow in his 1950 Columbia University PhD dissertation. Arrow's thesis contained his famous "impossibility theorem," an analytical result of breathtaking elegance and reach.
Arrow's theorem shows that even very mild conditions of reasonableness in arriving at social decisions on the basis of simple preference rankings of a society's individuals could not be simultaneously satisfied by any procedure. When the book based on his dissertation, Social Choice and Individual Values , was published in 1951, it became an instant classic.
Economists, political theorists, moral and political philosophers, sociologists, and even the general public rapidly took notice of what seemed like -- and indeed was -- a devastating result. Two centuries after visions of social rationality flowered in Enlightenment thinking, the project suddenly seemed, at least superficially, to be inescapably doomed.
It is important to understand why and how Arrow's impossibility result comes about. Scrutiny of the formal reasoning that establishes the theorem shows that relying only on the preference rankings of individuals makes it difficult to distinguish between very dissimilar social choice problems. The usability of available information is further reduced by the combined effects of innocuous-seeming principles that are popular in informal discussions.
It is essential, particularly for making judgments about social welfare, to compare different individuals' gains and losses and to take note of their relative affluence, which cannot be immediately deduced only from people's rankings of social alternatives. It is also important to examine which types of clusters of preference rankings are problematic for different types of voting procedures.
Nonetheless, Arrow's impossibility theorem ultimately played a hugely constructive role in investigating what democracy demands, which goes well beyond counting votes (important as that is). Enriching the informational base of democracy and making greater use of interactive public reasoning can contribute significantly to making democracy more workable, and also allow reasoned assessment of social welfare.
Social choice theory has thus become a broad discipline, covering a variety of distinct questions. Under what circumstances would majority rule yield unambiguous and consistent decisions? How robust are the different voting procedures for yielding cogent results? How can we judge how well a society as a whole is doing in light of its members' disparate interests?
How, moreover, can we accommodate individuals' rights and liberties while giving appropriate recognition to their overall preferences? How do we measure aggregate poverty in view of the varying predicaments and miseries of the diverse people who comprise the society? How do we arrive at social valuations of public goods such as the natural environment?
Beyond these questions, a theory of justice can draw substantially on the insights and analytical results emerging from social choice theory (as I discussed in my 2009 book The Idea of Justice ). Furthermore, the understanding generated by social choice theorists' study of group decisions has helped some research that is not directly a part of social choice theory -- for example, on the forms and consequences of gender inequality, or on the causation and prevention of famines.
The reach and relevance of social choice theory is extensive. Rather than undermining the pursuit of social reasoning, Arrow's deeply challenging impossibility theorem, and the large volume of literature that it has inspired, has immensely strengthened our ability to think rationally about the collective decision-making on which our survival and happiness depend.
© Project Syndicate
More:

Cong protests appointment of LS Secretary GeneralCong protests appointment of LS Secretary General
Our Bureau
Procedure was followed, says Speaker Mahajan
New Delhi, December 1:  
Senior Uttar Pradesh bureaucrat Anoop Mishra was appointed Lok Sabha Secretary General on Monday. The appointment raised the hackles of the Congress, which alleged that procedure was not followed.
Raising the issue after Speaker Sumitra Mahajan made a formal announcement of Mishra’s appointment, senior Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge said he was not questioning the decision but appealing for the cause of the tradition of “supreme independence” of the Parliament Secretariat since the time of late Vithalbhai Patel.
“The government has amended six laws to incorporate the views of the leader of the single largest opposition party, but has not consulted us,” he said.
He also wanted to know whether none of the secretariat officials were competent for the post.
Disallowing any further discussion on the matter, the Speaker said she had followed rules and Mishra’s appointment was her decision. However, she was willing to discuss the matter with Kharge in her chamber, not in the House, she added.
Mishra, 59, former UP Chief Secretary and currently Secretary in the State’s Transport Department, succeeds PK Grover, who has retired.
(This article was published on December 1, 2014)
Related

Implement the Swaminathan panel formula: VenkaiahImplement the Swaminathan panel formula: Venkaiah
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, December 1:  
Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu has called for the Government to seriously consider implementing the MS Swaminathan Committee’s recommendation of paying cost of production plus 50 per cent as the minimum support price (MSP) for farmers.
“Farmers of the country have been betrayed by policy-makers, exploited by the organised sector, neglected by intellectuals and orphaned by the media. They neither have security nor growth,” Naidu said at the 10th National Conference of Farmers here on Monday.
Naidu lamented that farmers were at the mercy of the monsoon, markets, middlemen and monetary institutions and refuted the perception that they were pampered with subsidies. He said vis-à-vis farmers of developed countries, the Indian farmer received much less support from the Government.
“Farmers need to organise themselves for better reflection of their concerns,” he said.
(This article was published on December 1, 2014)
Related

NMDC to open new iron mines in Chhattisgarh  Karnataka next yearHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
NMDC to open new iron mines in Chhattisgarh, Karnataka next year
Our Bureau
Plans to boost output by 50 mtpa in 5 years
Mumbai, December 1:  
India’s top iron ore miner, State-owned National Mineral Development Corporation Ltd (NMDC) is set to open and develop new iron ore mines in Chhattisgarh and Karnataka next year, a move expected to boost steel production.
As part of its expansion programme, NMDC will open a mine each in Bailadila sector in Chhattisgarh and in the Bellary-Hospet region of Karnataka in 2015, Narendra Kothari, Chairman and Managing Director, NMDC, told BusinessLine on the sidelines of an event here.
Gujarat NRE Coke Ltd held a two-day event Global Steel 2014, with the theme “Steeling Recovery”.
The mine to be opened in the Bailadila sector in Chhattisgarh is in the Deposit-11 B Iron Ore Project while the one in Karnataka is part of the Kumaraswami Iron Ore Mines.
In his key-note address at the Conference, Kothari said despite Maoist challenge, NMDC was able to produce 65 per cent of its target last year.
By a combination of new mining facilities and expansion of existing infrastructure, NMDC plans to boost its iron ore output in the next five years from about 30 million tonnes per annum (mtpa) to 50 mtpa. In the wake of judicial interventions in Karnataka, Odisha and Goa, where the courts banned illegal mining, the company’s output was 10 mt in 2013-14, its highest-ever, he said.
With increasin g production, NMDC also plans to increase exports from about 6 per cent of its production to 10 per cent in a year or two.
About NMDC’s forays abroad, Kothari said the company has acquired coking coal assets in Mozambique and exploration is in progress for gold in the three leases acquired in Tanzania.
(This article was published on December 1, 2014)
Related

BJP to carry out verification of new members from AprilBJP to carry out verification of new members from April
Our Bureau
MURALIDHARA RAO BJP national general secretary
Mangaluru, December 1:  
The BJP, which has begun a membership drive, will take up the verification of those enrolled after March 31.
Addressing presspersons here on Monday, the party’s national general secretary Muralidhara Rao said: “After March 31 we intend to establish (the BJP) as the largest political party, even beating Communist Party of China, in membership.”
The number of members who enrolled in the campaign has already crossed the 1-crore mark, he said. The party will conduct doorstep verification of those who have given their addresses in the membership drive. Rao said the party witnessed massive support from voters — a majority of who were youths — in the Lok Sabha elections. The membership campaign is a consolidation exercise to convert the supporters into members, he added.
Highly focused
The party is highly focused on States such as West Bengal, Assam and Orissa, where it is not in power, as well as the southern States. The BJP is also becoming aggressive in Karnataka, he said.
Rao said that most political parties in the country have become family-run enterprises, and there is no internal democracy in them.
The party has asked supporters to give a missed call to a dedicated toll-free number, following which they get a membership number and other details through SMS.
The membership campaign was launched on November 1.
(This article was published on December 1, 2014)
Related

Egypts biggest problem is restoration of the security stateEgypt’s biggest problem is restoration of the security state
David Gardner in Beirut
Army ring-fences its privileges and expands its economic empire
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ea57eee0-7970-11e4-9e81-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maruti Suzuki  Tata Motors November Sales Rise; Mahindra LagsYou are here: Home Corporates
Maruti Suzuki, Tata Motors November Sales Go Up; Mahindra Lags
NDTV | Updated On: December 02, 2014 15:29 (IST)
Court Refuses to Let Off Hindalco in Coal Block Case
Auto majors Maruti Suzuki India and Tata Motors posted year-on-year growth in sales for the month of November, with the country's largest carmaker reporting an over 19 per cent jump in total sales. Mahindra and Mahindra, on the other hand, posted de-growth during the period citing sluggish demand led by weak consumer sentiment and high interest rates.
Maruti Suzuki India registered a 19.5 per cent rise in total sales at 1,10,147 units. Of which, 1,00,024 units were sold domestically - a growth of 16.9 per cent against November 2013 numbers.
In the passenger vehicle segment, Maruti Suzuki reported sales of 82,306 units, indicating a 14.6 per cent increase from the 71,649 units sold in the year-ago period.
Tata Motors, which posted a marginal 2.1 per cent year-on-year growth in total sales, sold 10,286 units in the passenger vehicle segment during the period - a 30 per cent upsurge from 71,679 units sold in the same month last year.
Mahindra and Mahindra, however, registered total sales of 34,292 units during the month, as against 39,254 units in the corresponding period last year - a decline of 12.6 per cent. Domestically, the carmaker sold 32,100 units, down 11.5 per cent compared with 36,261 units last year. In the passenger vehicles segment, the auto maker reported a 17.9 fall in sales.
"The reducing international crude prices and the subsequent lowering of fuel prices should help in revival of demand in the coming months," said Pravin Shah, chief executive of the automotive division and international operations (AFS) at M&M.
Among players in the commercial vehicles segment, Hinduja Group flagship company Ashok Leyland registered a nearly 44 per cent y-o-y increase in total sales in November 2014, whereas Mahindra registered a drop of over 33 per cent in total tractor sales at 15,333 units.
Two wheelers
Royal Enfield saw a 52 per cent jump in total sales last month. In the domestic market also, the motorcycle manufacturer posted a similar 53 per cent growth in sales at 27,198 units.
TVS Motor Company said sales of its two weelers were at 2,10,979 units, up 35.6 per cent compared with 1,55,604 units in the year-ago period.
Hero MotoCorp, the country's biggest maker of two wheelers, notified a 3.2 per cent increase in total sales at 5,47,413 units.
On the other hand, Bajaj Auto reported a 6 per cent year-on-year decline in motorcycle sales at 2,61,948 units last month.
Here's a comparison of monthly sales figures from major auto makers:
Company

Sun-Ranbaxy deal: CCI nod likely this week with brand dilution riderSun-Ranbaxy deal: CCI nod likely this week with brand dilution rider
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 02, 2014 12:49 AM IST
The Competition Commission of India (CCI) is expected to come out with its decision on the merger of Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy this week.
CCI officials had earlier indicated a decision was likely by the end of November. It has been delayed, triggering apprehension over the deal facing a hurdle. However, sources said a conditional nod was on its way.
Regulatory approval is yet to come from the US Federal Trade Commission, too, for the $4 billion merger, the biggest deal in the pharmaceuticals industry in the Asia Pacific this year.
In the backdrop of speculation on the possibility of competition watchdog rejecting the merger deal, Sun Pharma came out with a statement late evening. Sun spokesperson said the company had neither received any final order from Competition Commission of India (CCI) on the transaction, nor had there been any rejection of the deal.
“CCI has been seeking additional information and detailed clarifications with respect to specific aspects of the products for the purpose of making its assessment. We see the process nearing its logical closure,’’ the Sun spokesperson said. He added that the company was happy with the open and transparent manner in which the matter had progressed. ‘’It is our intent to fully comply with all the regulatory requirements as required to close the transaction.”    
CCI chairman Ashok Chawla was not available for comments. Sun Pharma has  indicated the merger process could spill over to 2015.
“I think, some structural remedies might be offered to both the companies by the CCI since there could be some overlap between Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy. They would need to address that," said Amitabh Kumar of J Sagar Associates. One of the companies or both may be told to sell some of their brands so that the deal is not deemed monopolistic.
CCI gives its decision within 210 days of a case landing up at its door.
“Till date, clearances have been obtained from stock exchanges in India, from shareholders and competition authorities in all applicable markets, excluding India and USA. We are expecting to have the pending approvals by December 2014, but there could be minor delays if the approvals do not come by the end of December 2014,” Sun Pharma’s management had said after announcing last quarter’s results.
The Foreign Investment Promotion Board has approved the merger, following which the Ranbaxy and Sun Pharma scrips rose on BSE on Monday. After close of trading, Sun Pharma settled at Rs 835.25, down 0.5 per cent, while Ranbaxy settled 0.7 per cent higher at Rs 616.9.
The deal announced in April is a rare purchase of a local rival by a leading Indian drug company.The buyout is valued at $3.2 billion, but Sun Pharma will also acquire Ranbaxy’s debt of around $800 million, taking the transaction to $4 billion.
Both companies are likely to be advised to sell some of their businesses or brands before CCI approves their merger. It has written to Ranbaxy and Sun Pharma suggesting changes to get the deal going. CCI  began public scrutiny of the deal on August 27, following concerns that the presence of the two companies in key drug segments could lead to monopoly pricing. Consumer forums have argued the merger could stifle competition.
Industry analysts said there was likely to be significant overlap in Ranbaxy's and Sun Pharma's anti-infective and gastro-intestinal drug businesses. Market shares would also be affected in other therapeutic segments like cardiology, analgesics, respiratory, neurology, the central nervous system and gynaecology.
Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy’s combined annual revenue is estimated at $4.2 billion. Around $1.1 billion of that comes from sales in India. Once the deal is done, Sun Pharma will be the largest drug maker in the country with a market share of 9.2 per cent. The merger will create the fifth largest generic drug company in the world.
Sun Pharma will also acquire Ranbaxy's assets in India and in other countries. These include Ranbaxy's factories at Paonta Sahib (Himachal Pradesh), Dewas (Madhya Pradesh), Mohali and Toansa (Punjab) that were earlier supplying drugs to the US.

http://usat.ly/1y4RvBNFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Cyber Monday grows as busiest day of season
A week of cyber sales at many retailers kicked off with Cyber Monday today in what's expected to be the biggest online shopping day of the year, despite expected traffic declines
Post to Facebook
Cyber Monday grows as busiest day of season A week of cyber sales at many retailers kicked off with Cyber Monday today in what's expected to be the biggest online shopping day of the year, despite expected traffic declines Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1y4RvBN
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
14
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Cyber Monday grows as busiest day of season
Video Keywords National Retail Federation Black Friday The National Retail Federation online sales holiday shopping season
The deals may be better than ever this shopping holiday, but shoppers are less inclined to chase them. USA TODAY's Desair Brown examines this new trend. (USA NOW, USA TODAY)
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  The deals are better than ever this Cyber Monday but
00:06  where aren't the shoppers. I'm to their brown for USA now
00:10  from Monday December 1 2014. If you've already taken advantage of
00:15  early bird deals this holiday shopping season you're not lung. With
00:19  Black Friday promotions starting a week early it's begin to look
00:23  a lot like every day is Black Friday or Cyber Monday.
00:27  Shoppers are feeling less inclined to chase deals. That could explain
00:32  why fewer people shopping stores this weekend instead they used their
00:36  tablets and phones to find deals. In fact retail data shows
00:40  online sales were up on Thanksgiving. As for Cyber Monday according
00:45  to The National Retail Federation about 127. Million people are expected
00:50  to shop online today. That's down from 131. Million who planned
00:55  to shop online last year. But what he's breaking for sales
00:59  while at work Cyber Monday is still the most wonderful time
01:03  of the year for retailers online. There may be Lashoff first
01:07  but is still expected to rake in the best online sales
01:10  for the season. And if you happen to be surfing for
01:14  door busters speed got you covered on the best deals. From
01:17  soda makers to TVs thick comforter sets at USA today dot
Hadley Malcolm , USA TODAY 10:54 a.m. EST December 2, 2014
More people than ever are using mobile to browse and buy holiday purchases,  which may help retailers pushing cyber deals this week.
(Photo: Seth Wenig, AP)
212 CONNECT 214 TWEET 65 LINKEDIN 14 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Cyber Monday proved just as big a draw as ever after a weekend that saw fewer people shopping in stores.
Sales grew 8.5% for the 24-hour period, according to IBM Digital Analytics, solidifying Monday as the largest online shopping day of the year. Shoppers spent an average of  $124.21 per order, down 3.5% from last year, though the number of transactions was up and people bought more items on average per order.
Monetate, a company whose software helps major retailers including Macy's and Best Buy personalize the online shopping experience, also tracked more shopping sessions this year with about 49.3 million sessions, up 11.8% from 2013. Revenue per session increased 7% and the number of people who completed a purchase increased 8.3%.
The National Retail Federation expected a different outcome, projecting fewer shoppers would head online Monday at about 127 million vs. 131 million in 2013. Growth did slow compared to previous years: in 2013 online sales were up 20.6% vs. 2012, according to IBM data.
That may be because shoppers have more chances to get deals later this week as Cyber Monday prices continue through Saturday with some brands. With promotions spread out across November and December this year and many retailers having offered pre-Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales to spur people to shop early, those days themselves have become less important as shopping drivers.
Meanwhile, more people than ever are opting to online shop and use their phones to browse for deals. Online sales over Thanksgiving weekend were up 17% vs. last year and mobile accounted for more than half of all online traffic, according to IBM. On Monday more people shopped on desktops, though mobile still accounted for 41.2% of all online traffic, a 30.1% increase over last year, IBM says.
We've got 'em: The best Cyber Monday deals
Retailers are hopeful that online deals this week will be compelling enough to get shoppers to continue to spend. Walmart doubled the number of deals available for Cyber Monday this year and will continue to have 500 new promotions a day through Friday. Walmart reported Monday was it's biggest day of online orders ever as customers shopped for deals on the 16GB iPad mini, HDTVs, and video games, all major traffic drivers, the retailer said.
Target is billing its Cyber Week as its biggest yet, with more than 100,000 items on sale all week. Kohl's is going a day further with deals online through Saturday. Amazon is offering new deals up to every 10 minutes all week.
Those deals may entice the roughly half of consumers who still have shopping to do, says Consumer Electronics Association Chief Economist Shawn DuBravac. "I would estimate probably close to half of consumers have completed the bulk of their holiday shopping at this point," he says.
And he expects people to continue to buy leading up to Christmas. "There's still appetite as we head into the remaining few weeks of the holiday season," DuBravac says.
Fewer people expected to shop Cyber Monday
That appetite may be fed by increasing parity between online and in-store deals and the convenience of options like same-day shipping and buy online, pick up in store, all of which are making it easier for consumers to wait out the season for the best prices, says Lucinda Duncalfe, CEO of Monetate, a company that sells software to retailers to help them personalize the online shopping experience.
"You can shop online later and later and still get things by Christmas Day," she says. "What will end up happening over time is this continued flattening of the season where people are more willing to wait to see what's going to happen."
212 CONNECT 214 TWEET 65 LINKEDIN 14 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1y4RvBN
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer still on the run | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

U.S. dollar sideswiped as commodity currencies stage big reversalDollar slips against yen on oil slump; rouble hits new lows
By Sam Forgione, Reuters
Energy Saving
The U.S. dollar hovered at its lowest level against the safe-haven yen in roughly a month on Tuesday while the Russian rouble continued its plunge against the greenback after an extended drop in oil prices fuelled concerns over the global economy.
8
The dollar also hit more than three-week lows against the euro and the Swiss franc after Brent crude  fell below $59 a barrel for the first time since May 2009, extending a six-month selloff and leading traders to take profits from recent dollar strength.
0
"Oil plunging ... is causing volatility in currencies and causing people to take profit in the dollar," said Alan Ruskin, global head of currency strategy at Deutsche Bank in New York.
The threat that tumbling oil prices pose to Russia's economy, along with the Russian central bank's failure to halt the currency's plunge through an emergency rate hike, led the Russian currency to collapse further to record lows of more than 70 per dollar. Sales of oil and gas are Russia's chief source of export revenue.
The dollar was last up 9.61 percent against the rouble  to trade at 72.37 roubles.
"If you have a deeply mono-export culture which is linked to oil, then the consequences of much lower oil prices are quite unfortunate," said Sebastien Galy, senior foreign exchange analyst at Societe Generale in New York.
Analysts also said the drop in oil prices could give the Federal Reserve reason to maintain an accommodative stance toward monetary policy at the end of a two-day meeting Wednesday and signal that the U.S. central bank will keep near-zero benchmark interest rates on hold for longer. That suspicion also hurt the dollar and led traders to favor the yen.
A Fed rate hike is expected to boost the dollar by attracting investment flows into the United States.
The euro  was last up 0.6 percent against the dollar at $1.2512, not far from a more than three-week high of $1.2569. The dollar was last down 0.61 percent against the Swiss franc  at 0.9596 franc, not far from an over three-week low of 0.9555.
The dollar was last down 0.97 percent against the yen  at 116.68 yen, holding near a session low of 115.58, which was the lowest since Nov. 17.
On Wall Street, the benchmark S&P 500 <.SPX> stock index was last up 0.45 percent.
(Reporting by Sam Forgione; Editing by James Dalgleish)

More sops for UP mills if sugar falls below Rs 3 100Gold futures fall 1.13% on weak global cues
The Uttar Pradesh government could soon announce a hike in incentives for sugar mills beyond R20 per quintal for cane purchases in the marketing year that started on October 1. The additional sop would be made available if average ex-factory prices of sugar and other cane by-products drop below certain levels, sources aware of the government’s thinking told FE.
As part of its measures to persuade cash-starved sugar mills to start cane crushing and avoid distress sales by farmers, the UP government last month decided to form a panel, headed by the chief secretary, to determine the exact subsidy amount beyond the R20 per quintal already announced.
Although UP has kept the state-advised price (SAP) for mills to puchase cane unchanged for a third straight year through 2014-15 at R280 per quintal, the SAP is still 27% higher than the benchmark price set by the central government.
As per the arrangements, UP mills now need to pay farmers R240 per quintal in the first tranche within 14 days of cane purchases this year.
A subsidy of R11.40 per quintal — including society commission, purchase tax and entry tax — will be offered on cane purchases and up to R8.60 will also be provided later if prices of sugar, molasses, bagasse and press mud fall below R3,100, R390, R167 and R26 per quintal, respectively, between October 1 and May 31.
Of the remaining R20 per quintal, the expert committee will decide how much of subsidy the government will provide and how much the mills have to bear in case the average prices of sugar and the other by-products decline below the above-mentioned benchmark levels during the October-May period, the sources said.
Last month, the UP government was forced to announce incentives after sugar mills had threatened to suspend operation in 2014-15, as returns from sugar sales had failed to match the “arbitrarily” high cane prices fixed by the state government.
Mills were yet to pay Rs 1,206 crore for cane purchases in 2013-14 as of November and only 23 of the 95 private mills in the state started operations by then, according to latest data. More mills are expected to start cane crushing in the coming days once their usual maintenance work is over. A dozen of the 23 co-operatives also started crushing until last Thursday.
Having incurred a loss of Rs 5.50 on sale of each kilogram of sugar last year, the Uttar Pradesh Sugar Mills Association had also served a notice to the state government conveying its inability to crush cane in 2014-15. It had said unless the state kept its last year’s promise of firming up a formula linking the price of cane to its by-products and offering a financial assistance of Rs 9 per quintal of cane, even clearing cane arrears of around Rs 5,000 crore this season would be a herculean task.
Mills in the state incurred losses to the tune of Rs 7,250 crore in the three years through 2013-14. Banks, after reluctantly agreeing to offer mills working capital loans in 2013-14 following assurances of relief by the state government, have again started refusing to provide loans, further complicating the situation for the industry.
TAGS: Sugar Mills Sugar Mills Uttar Pradesh
More from commodities
Oil drops to near $59 for first time since 2009 Oil fell to close to $59 a barrel for the first time since May 2009 on Tuesday, extending a six-month selloff...

In race for govt bonds  FIIs pay huge premium at limit auctionHindalco Industries shares plunge on special court's orders
Foreign institutional investors paid an unprecendented 68.3 basis points of premium to get hold of a slice of investment limit in government bonds on Monday.
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) auctioned investment limits worth R3,041 crore (around $500 million) in government debt to FIIs on Monday. The highest premium offered was 75 bps at the auction where 73 FIIs participated.
Government bond yields have fallen more than 40 bps in the last two months, which has made the scramble for acquiring them more intense at the auctions. Monday’s auction attracted bidding worth R7,224 crore (around $1.15 billion), more than double the amount up for grabs. FIIs have poured in a record $24.5 billion into Indian bonds so far in 2014, the highest ever seen since liberalisation. The bulk of the inflow has been in government bonds and, thus, investment limits hit the $25-billion cap in August. The Securities and Exchange Board of India has mandated that once 90% of investment limits are used, the rest would be auctioned.
In the previous auction, too, on November 10, the bidding from FIIs was aggressive enough. The cutoff price at that auction had been high at 53.50 bps. “Interest rates are expected to ease over the next six months, so FIIs want to get hold of risk-free government bonds,” said a bond trader at a foreign bank. Yields on the 10-year benchmark bond dropped to 8.06% on Monday from 8.48% in October as traders priced in policy rate cuts owing to a steady fall in retail inflation. Government bonds range in 8.05-9.50% band across tenures with the 10-year benchmark security at 8.06%. FIIs have been investing in corporate bonds too with the limit in government bonds near the cap of $25 billion. Investors have exhausted 57% of the $51 billion investment limit in corporate bonds.
TAGS: Foreign Institutional Investors
More from indianmarkets
Stocks tumble, Rupee at 13-month low as crude crashes BSE Sensex today recorded its worst single day fall of 538.12 points in 16 months to end day's trade below 27,000...

Vishers con savers out of 23.9mPhone fraudsters con savers out of £23.9m
James Pickford
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5c9a88a8-796e-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

When it s Ferrari  who cares if it s second hand | Car sales pick up pace in NovemberUsed luxury car market on a roll as duties make imported supercars highly expensive
By Ketan Thakkar , ET Bureau | 2 Dec, 2014, 07.00AM IST
Tweet
It’s a win-win for both buyers and sellers. These cars, usually rarely driven, are available in immaculate condition and prices that are much cheaper than a brand new one.
MUMBAI: Are you one of those longing for a supercar but is held back by import duty that equals the vehicle's price? Checking out the used-car market may solve the problem.
The steep tax, which was raised to 100 per cent from 60 per cent some years ago for vehicles imported as fully built units, and the rupee's depreciation over the period have swelled the cost of acquiring a supercar by 75-100 per cent, giving rise to a thriving secondhand market in India for cars like the Lamborghini, Ferrari , Rolls Royce and Bentley .
It's a win-win for both buyers and sellers. These cars, usually rarely driven, are available in immaculate condition and prices that are much cheaper than a brand new one. The seller who bought it when the local currency was stronger and import tax lower, can usually get the price he paid for buying it, or at times, even more.
"I had a budget of Rs 2 crore, but I didn't mind spending an extra Rs 50 lakh," said a real-estate businessman in Mumbai, who bought a secondhand Lamborghini Gallardo for Rs 2.5 crore. A brand new Gallardo would have cost Rs 1 crore more, he said, asking not to be named.
The Lamborghini Gallardo he bought was as good as new. It was driven for merely 3,000 kms and was impeccably maintained.
While the high duty and weak rupee have driven up the secondhand market in India, that for new supercars is expected to shrink to half to about 115-120 units in 2014 when compared to 200 units in 2010-11. According to industry experts, a similar number of used super-luxury cars are changing hands now, often facilitated by their dealers.
"We have facilitated about 20 such car purchase in 2013 and the number is more or less the same in 2014," said Sharad Kachalia, the Rolls Royce dealer in Mumbai.
"Since the new car is available at over 75-100 per cent price difference, over the last two years, a prospective buyer is able to get a relatively new but used car at almost 25-30 per cent benefit for both buyer and seller," said a dealer of used super-luxury cars, who asked not to be named.
The phenomenon is having a favourable impact on effective depreciation for the owners, because the value of the vehicles hasn't gone down as much as they can account for in the books, and on occasions has risen.
A Mumbai businessman who bought himself a Lamborghini Gallardo at Rs 2.9 crore a few years back, in a normal course after depreciation, the value of the car in 2014 should have been Rs 1.74 crore, but he could fetch Rs 2.51 crore from a buyer in Karnataka in October this year.
"I had sparsely used the vehicle for 1,400-1,500 kms and I got to know about the new Huracan and that seemed an interesting buy. So, I sold off my Gallardo," said this businessman requesting anonymity. "It has been an advantage for anyone who bought a CBU around 2011-12 at older custom duty. I am very satisfied with the price I got."
Pavan Shetty, head of operations at Lamborghini India, explained the actual depreciation in resale is as low as 25 per cent over a two-year period wherein the accounting standards in India allow a depreciation of 40 per cent over the same period for automobiles.
"While the above scenario is true in routine purchase, the rich who realised their passion before duty hike have benefitted even more with a depreciation of just 20 per cent over a three-year period where as in their books, the car would have depreciated by 60 per cent," Shetty said. "This segment clearly defies the myth that luxury cars depreciate faster and in fact brands like Lamborghini have turned out to be an asset quite literally."
Demand for used luxury supercars is high not just because of the current duty structures, but also because customers are looking to reduce their risk taking with their first supercars, said Rohin Nagrani, senior editor at Motoring World magazine.
"Cars which sold for Rs 3.2-3.4 crore, new in 2011-12, now retail for anywhere between Rs 3.5 crore and Rs 4 crore, depending on their usage. And this is for a car that doesn't enjoy factory support at the moment," Nagrani said. "New cars are finding this rather tough. A brand new Rolls-Royce Phantom has been lying with a dealer for the last 16 months for want of a buyer, simply because customers find the Rs 7-8 crore price tag daunting. The same car just 3-4 years would cost a customer under Rs 5 crore."
Experts caution that the boom time may not last long. Things may fall in line once there is stability in duty rate. But, as long as there is an artificial difference, both buyers and sellers can have a good time in a market which may have about 1,500-2,000 cars plying on the roads, bought in the last decade or so.

http://usat.ly/1y3wXcGFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dancing Joe Boxer ad has amusing pregnant pause
You've gotta give Joe Boxer credit for one thing this holiday: belly laughs. Just a few weeks ago, Kmart's exclusive underwear and PJ line, rolled out its first holiday ad featuring a line-up of dudes --
Post to Facebook
Dancing Joe Boxer ad has amusing pregnant pause You've gotta give Joe Boxer credit for one thing this holiday: belly laughs. Just a few weeks ago, Kmart's exclusive underwear and PJ line, rolled out its first holiday ad featuring a line-up of dudes -- Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1y1Gxgn
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
11
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dancing Joe Boxer ad has amusing pregnant pause
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 1:35 p.m. EST December 1, 2014
Kmart released its latest Joe Boxer ad, Santa Baby.
(Photo: Kmart)
1310 CONNECT 41 TWEET LINKEDIN 11 COMMENTEMAILMORE
You've gotta give Joe Boxer credit for one thing this holiday: belly laughs.
Just a few weeks ago, Kmart's exclusive underwear and PJ line, rolled out its first holiday ad featuring a lineup of dudes — dressed in PJ bottoms — pounding their bare bellies to the song Jingle Bells.
On Dec. 1, the chain will debut its second holiday spot  online — this time focusing on the bellies of five pregnant dancers.
For Kmart, it's all about serving up eye candy that it hopes will translate into a social media campaign that goes viral. That, of course, is what happened last when it rolled out its instant-classic Joe Boxer spot featuring five hunks — dressed in boxer shorts — shaking their hips to the Jingle Bells tune.  The ad made it look as if the ringer of the bells was actually from the swinging of their male organs.  And it generated more than 18 million YouTube views.
But building on last year's social media isn't simple, says ad consultant Allison  Cohen, "because  the initial surprise is gone."
Sure, this holiday, things have tamed down a bit.  But once again, the ad does have a visual surprise.
When the commercial begins, the five female dancers all have their backs to the camera.  Once the dancing begins, to the song Santa Baby, there's still not a clue that the women all are pregnant — until they turn sideways.   Then, the dancing gals in their PJs kick into an even higher gear.
For Kmart, it's about bringing more women — who purchase most of the PJs anyways — into the Joe Boxer camp. "We sell a lot of women's PJs this time of year," says Diane Vaccaro, chief marketing officer for Kmart Apparel.  "We needed a 'reveal' that could extend the story from the men's line."
But the casting wasn't simple.
Typically, dancers who are pregnant can't find much commercial work. Locating pregnant dancers wasn't simple.  And since the women needed to appear "really pregnant," says Vaccaro, all of them were in their last trimester.  So, besides the five women actually in the commercial, the company cast two more pregnant women — who learned all of the dance moves — just in case any of the others gave birth before the filming was complete.
Since the spot was filmed last month, at least one has given birth, and most of them are expected to have their children by Christmas, says Vaccaro.
As for the babies, well, there's no official word yet from Kmart officials if they'll star in next year's holiday spot.
2014 Joe Boxer holiday ad from Kmart-Jingle Bellies Kmart
1310 CONNECT 41 TWEET LINKEDIN 11 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1y1Gxgn
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer still on the run | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

ET Awards: India Inc upbeat as Modi govt outline steps to growthachhe din
(At the function, some of…)
Eager anticipation — of big things to come — was the dominant emotion at the ET Awards for Corporate Excellence. The gloom, even despair, which had gripped Indian business owners, CEOs and entrepreneurs at around this time last year seemed a distant memory.
Dhiraj Rajaram , one of the winners in the Entrepreneur of the Year category, in his acceptance speech, saw the potential of Achhe Din changing into Bade Achhe Din.
The Indian equity indices have outperformed other emerging markets so far this year with the NSE Nifty rising 35% since January 1 in dollar terms. The rupee is the best-performing currency among big emerging markets.
On Monday, a clutch of brokerages forecast that the market will rise by 14% to 26% by December 2015.
At the function, some of the leading ministers of the Modi government, led by the finance minister, stoked the optimism in the audience by outlining steps they intended to take to rev up the economy.
The essence of their remarks was that the government was moving on all fronts to resolve issues which had been hampering investment. This included pushing through a constitutional amendment to introduce a Goods and Services Tax (GST) amending the law governing insurance to raise the FDI limit to 49%, converting ordinance on the coal sector into a Bill as well as modifying laws such as the one on land acquisition.
Corporate leaders, for their part, praised the new government's intention but stressed that doing business must become easier.
The event, held in the grand setting of the Trident's Regal Room, was hosted by Karan Johar, the renowned filmmaker. Sunil Mittal , chairman and founder, Bharti Group, said the trailer was promising and the country was awaiting the magnum opus.
In his speech, finance minister Arun Jaitley emphasised the need to battle obsolete thinking of the kind exemplified, according to him, the land acquisition bill, which states that land acquired under the Act, could not be used to set up a private educational institution, hospital or a hotel.
The reaction of an MP belonging to the Left parties who said the recently promulgated ordinance on the coal sector amounted to tinkering with nationalisation was another example of the mindset which the government was determined to combat. The ordinance has an enabling provision permitting commercial mining. Jaitley emphasised that manufacturing could take off only if it was competitive to locate in India. For that to happen, taxation had to be predictable and cost of capital lower, he said.
While Jaitley and the other ministers promised to make things better in the future, the winners of the ET Awards this year are those companies that have braved the not-so bracing investment climate of the past 2-3 years and still remained on top.
Both the Business Leader of the Year, Dilip Shanghvi of Sun Pharma, and Company of the Year TCS are the top companies in their respective sectors — pharma and software — which have flourished in the downturn.
"Today, there are many companies in India which solve the problems of many many corporations across the world and, I think, we can leverage all the technology out there - whether it's cloud or big data - to solve many of our problems and promote growth in India," said N Chandrasekaran, CEO, TCS.
The Awards also recognised the changing nature of entrepreneuership by recognising Zomato , the owner of an eponymous restaurant app, as Startup of the Year. "It's a big win and big recognition for the company and the team spread across the globe. There are more than a 1,000 'Zomans' across the world as we call ourselves. We have been pushing hard to make 'Make in India' go global by opening in more countries across the world," said Pankaj Chaddah, co-founder of Zomato.
In their acceptance speeches many of the winners referred to various programmes launched by Prime Minister Modi. While TCS' Chandrasekaran praised the 'Digital India' initiative, Chandra Shekhar Ghosh, the founder of Bandhan and the co-winner of the Entrepreneur of the Year Award lauded the 'Jan Dhan Yojana."
Dhiraj Rajaram, the founder and chief executive officer of Mu Sigma, said that the use of data will help realise the potential of what PM Modi has often referred to as the three Ds — Demography, Demand and Democracy — which are India's strengths.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Facebook signs up IIT graduates for Rs 1.55 ...You are here: Home > Collections > Placement
Facebook signs up IIT graduates for Rs 1.55 crore; companies offer more jobs this placement season
Sreeradha D Basu & Devina Sengupta, ET Bureau Dec 2, 2014, 10.40AM IST
Tags:
Esop
(In the first 20 hours, online…)
MUMBAI: A spectacular initial burst — at least 15-20% more jobs, 10-20% higher average salaries and 30% increase in global offers — set the pace for this year's placement season at Indian Institutes of Technology which kicked off on Monday.
Sources from eight campuses that ET spoke to said hiring and salaries will shoot up this year, after a relatively slow 3-4 years.
In the first 20 hours, online social networking giant Facebook ruled the roost with a Rs 1.55 crore ($250,000) salary offer including bonus and ESOPs for a US posting.
This is the probably the highest ever offer across IITs in recent years.
Facebook made the offer for software engineer profiles based out of California to three students at IIT Kharagpur and to an unknown number at IIT-Bombay, sources at the two institutes revealed. The company did not respond to an email sent by ET.
Overall, big-ticket offers were back with a bang as other top paymasters, according to campus sources, included Samsung - $150,000 (Rs 93 lakh), Microsoft -$129,000 (Rs 80 lakh), Oracle - $125,000 plus Esops (Rs 78 lakh plus Esops), Google - $125,000 (Rs 78 lakh) and Visa -$140,000 (Rs 87 lakh).
At IIT-BHU, Varanasi, the top package from a multinational was Rs 77.5 lakh ($100,000 base salary, $15,000 sign-on bonus and $10,000 relocation and stock options), an over 19% jump over the top offer last year. At IIT-Kanpur, it went up over 36% from $110,000 last year to $150,000 this time.
"If this momentum continues, we will place 1,200 students in the first 20 days compared to 1,000 last year," a placement team member of IIT-Kharagpur said. Across campuses, international offers saw a boom compared to last year. Oracle, for instance, said that it is hiring for 15 overseas roles this year, compared to 13 last time. Students will join the American multinational computer technology corporation in product development roles across its hardware, software or industry-specific based groups. Cisco Systems and Visa Inc offered overseas roles for the first time.
International offers will shoot up by 30%, agreed a placement source at IIT Kanpur.
More offers --from the likes of ServiceNow ($90,000) and Epic Systems ($90,000) - are in the offing, he said.
Other first day recruiters across the 16 IITs included the likes of Goldman Sachs, HUL, ITC, Credit Suisse, McKinsey & Co and BCG. IIT-Bombay, which on student demand, has moved up some core engineering companies to premium slots, had GE, Airbus and Qualcomm among others, vying with traditional first-day recruiters for the first time.
Tower Research with Rs 44 lakh for an international role and WorldQuant with Rs 42 lakh for a domestic profile were among prominent recruiters at campuses such as IIT-Kanpur, placement sources revealed. Goldman Sachs offered packages of Rs 26 lakh and Credit Suisse around Rs 15-18 lakh while Samsung offered the most for its Korea posting.
Final placements at the IITs start on December 1 and are completed in two phases.
A majority of the recruiters come in the first few weeks of December while the subsequent phase starts in January.
The highest-paying and most-in-demand companies are typically slotted for the first few days of placements.
At IIT-Kharagpur, Facebook has made the top offer while Google, Microsoft and Cisco also competed for the best talent.
Oilfield services company Baker Hughes, ITC (Rs 18 lakh approx), Schlumberger, Cairn India, Shell were among those recruiting for domestic roles. Microsoft paid around Rs 20 lakh for the India profiles. Xerox, the global printer manufacturer picked up students for 'budding scientist' profiles, said placement sources.
"The placements have been very good so far and from midnight to 6 am on Monday (1st day slot), 49 offers were rolled out, out of which 8 were international.
Around 31 companies are expected on the first day," Natesan Srinivasan, faculty in-charge, training & placement for IIT-Guwahati said A statement from IIT-Madras said the highest offer was $129,500 while the highest domestic salary was Rs 30 lakh. Microsoft, Goldman Sachs, Samsung R&D and Xerox were among the companies who visited. The institute said it received 17 offers in the graveyard session (midnight to 6am) and another 64 in the forenoon one (6am to noon).
The placement season will continue till March-April, though a bulk of offers would roll out over the next three weeks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

E-commerce firms use stock to lure high-leve...Amrop India
(Online retailers are scaling…)
NEW DELHI: With their ever-increasing valuation, pay packets that ecommerce companies offer to senior hires are getting fatter, too. And, they are sweetening up the offers with irresistible stock option plans to lure people from traditional retailers and sectors such as consumer goods and telecom, as supply of talent becomes scarce.
Online retailers are scaling up quickly as foreign investors pump in money and, to drive growth, these companies need senior executives at key positions. The scramble for talent is giving candidates an opportunity to call the shots.
"As it is getting tougher to find talent for vice president or CXO level for ecommerce companies, the new hires negotiate for equity upfront unlike a year ago, when decision regarding equity to employees was totally at the discretion of management and promoters," said Vikram Chhachhi, principal for global consumer markets at executive search firm Heidrick & Struggles. According to him, number of stocks given to new hires for critical roles would have doubled over the past year.
Offering ownership in the company through employee stock option plans (Esops) is a time-tested tactic to retain staff, and local ecommerce firms such as Flipkart, Snapdeal, CaratLane, MobiKwik, ibiboGroup, Pepperfry, Urban Ladder and Cbazaar have been using it as a retention tool as well as a bait to attract talent. What makes these offers sweeter is the enormous growth in the valuations of these companies - within a few years, value of Flipkart and Snapdeal has grown to billions of dollars.
"It's encouraging to see more and more employees, especially at the senior level, becoming aware of the advantages of equity stakes and making it a part of their consideration set when looking at a long-term career," said Mekin Maheshwari, Flipkart's chief people officer.
A year ago, Snapdeal was offering equity to a third of its 1,300 people. The percentage still remains the same, but the number of people employed by the online marketplace has nearly doubled to 2,500. "The quantum of ESOPs has been growing exponentially with passing years," said Saurabh Nigam, Snapdeal's vice president of HR.
A person joining senior management at online retailers today typically gets a fixed component of about Rs 1.5 crore, compared with Rs 80 lakh to Rs 1.2 crore a year earlier. Other offers for the right people include joining bonus, retention bonus and performance-based variable pay, which make compensations tempting enough for professionals to make a leap from traditional retailers and other sectors.
Some traditional retailers are also offering Esops and making their HR policies a bit more appealing to retain talents. But they are often dwarfed by competition from the new-generation rivals.
"Ecommerce companies are offering huge pay packages and it is a challenge for (brick and mortar) retailers as they are losing talents to ecommerce," said Dipak Agarwal, chief executive of DLF Brands , which sells labels like Mango and Mothercare among others.
It offers Esops, options for senior executives to work from home and opportunities for mid-level staff to do MBA through a tie-up it has with a private university.
But, according to Agarwal, "There is little scope for us to fight with them on the money." Arvind Brands tried to retain Rishi Vasudev, chief executive for Calvin Klein brand, but had to eventually let him go as Flipkart offered him a Rs 2 crore annual package, almost double of the Rs 1.1 crore he was making at Arvind, according to people familiar with the matter. Also, at Flipkart, Vasudev is entitled to Rs 50 lakh worth of ESOP each of the next three years. Flipkart said it can't comment on the offer.
"In most such cases, we let go the employee," said the chief executive of an electronics firm, who cited a recent example where a midlevel employee got a double-salary offer from an ecommerce firm.
Hiring by online firms is going to get fiercer with Flipkart and its fashion portal Myntra mandating HR firms to recruit 90 senior executives and dozens of mid-level staff. Amazon is also looking at ramping up its hiring in fashion and lifestyle category to take on Flipkart-Myntra, industry executives said.
Owners of ecommerce companies are happy to part with some equity to employees at critical roles. "This ensures a high level of stickiness in the long-run," said Mayank Pande, partner at consultancy firm Amrop India . "Today, equity is about 0.75-1.25 of the fixed component (which itself is some Rs 1.5 crore) compared to 0.5-1 a year ago," Pande added.
At Snapdeal, all at senior level own stock options, while at mid or junior positions, Esops are offered based on performance. At online travel portal ibiboGroup, the number of stock units given to employees as part of the total pie has risen 75% over the past year.
Jabong, the lifestyle and fashion portal, is in the process of doling out equities to senior management and staff at critical roles. "We are working this out as a retention policy and not to drive people out," said HR head Ashu Malhotra.
Some companies like Pepperfry, Urban Ladder and ibiboGroup are giving out employee stocks to all their employees and not just to a selected few. "Pepperfry is built on the principles of collective ownership. Everyone in Pepperfry owns Esops in the company," said founder and CEO Ambareesh Murty.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PE fund Premji Invest makes first real estat...PE fund Premji Invest makes first real estate bet
Varun Sood, ET Bureau Dec 2, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Azim Premji
(Premji Invest has bought…)
BENGALURU: Private equity firm Premji Invest has invested Rs 70 crore in Bengaluru-based property developer Total Environment in its first bet in real estate that underlines the potential of the sector as Asia's largest family office, owned by IT company Wipro's billionaire chairman Azim Premji, seeks to maximise returns by diversifying its portfolio investments.
Premji Invest has bought more than 10 flats or 10% of the total houses in a current project of Total Environment, according to a senior executive of the developer.
"This is our first engagement with Premji Invest and we hope it does not remain a one-off thing," said Kamal Sagar, chairman and managing director of Total Environment Building System , without disclosing the details of the investment.
Other people familiar with the matter, however, told ET that Premji Invest earlier this year made the investment in the third phase of Windmills of the Mind project in Whitefield city suburb which is home to several technology parks. The project has about 108 duplex apartments of 6,000-8,000 square feet, with an asking price of about Rs 6 crore for each unit. The current phase is expected to be completed by 2016.
"We will help them sell the flats as this investment is done more for making money on their investment," said Sagar.
The developer says that the project is among the finest luxury complexes in the country as it offers fully customised offerings and believes there is a lot of pent-up demand for such projects in the city that is home to a rising number of dollar millionaires.
"We have no plans of buying real estate," said a senior executive of Premji Invest, adding that the current investment has been made to seek returns once the project is completed.
Premji Invest manages over $2 billion of Azim Premji's personal wealth by investing in capital markets and picking minority stakes in start-ups, including homegrown e-commerce companies such as Flipkart and mobile payment companies such as Chennai-based Financial Software and Systems.
India's third richest businessman, Azim Premji is estimated by Forbes to have wealth of over $16.4 billion.
Until now, Premji Invest has deployed more than 60% of its total cash in capital markets, buying stocks of firms in the consumer business including Bata and Hindustan Unilever , and investing another 30% in picking minority investments in start-ups. Last month, the family office investedRs 350 crore to pick a minority stake in payments processing and technology company Financial Software and Systems.
Premji Invest's strategy of maximising returns by backing a single real estate project is unlike that of its peers like former Infosys CEO SD Shibulal, whose family office has built a healthy real estate portfolio by buying residential and commercial properties from Seattle in the US to Germany and India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fast Asia Open - Commodity swings  the RBA & RBIAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

UP: 4 girls fight with tempo driver  his accomplice as they drove them to a desolate road in Azamgarh9
3
Azamgarh: Just two days after the nation witnessed the bravery of two girls from Rohtak who stood up to eve-teasers, four girls from Azamgarh in Uttar Pradesh fought with a tempo driver and his accomplice when they tried to drove them to a desolated road instead of taking them to their destination.
People nearby heard the ruckus and came to their aid.
The tempo driver was later handed them over to the local police. Some of the students got injured in the fight.
#girl students #tempo driver #azamgarh #uttar pradesh
A girl said, "We wanted to go home but the driver took us on a different route. The driver told us that he was abducting us. We fought with the driver. People heard us and came forward to help us."
On Sunday, two sisters thrashed three eve teasers aboard a bus in Rohtak. The three men reportedly assaulted the two girls when they objected to eve teasing. The girls in turn retaliated by thrashing the assailants with their belts.
However, the incident caught on camera shows that no other passenger present in the bus came to the rescue of the girls.
18

Super Six: Top chart picks for TuesdayDec 02, 2014, 08.14 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Super Six: Top chart picks for Tuesday
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com suggests buying Tata Motors DVR with a target of Rs 365 and Mindtree with a target of Rs 1295.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Super Six: Top chart picks for Tuesday
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com suggests buying Tata Motors DVR with a target of Rs 365 and Mindtree with a target of Rs 1295.
Post your opinion here
Excerpts from Bazaar on CNBC-TV18 Watch the full show »
On CNBC-TV18's show Super Six, market gurus Gaurav Ratnaparkhi, Manas Jaiswal and Aditya Agarwal share, place their bets on two stocks each, thus offering investors a variety of options to choose from. Investors can read into the detailed analysis before agreeing to any or all the bets.
Gaurav Ratnaparkhi of Sharekhan
Buy  Colgate Palmolive with a stoploss at Rs 1860 and target of Rs 2030
Sell  PTC India with a stoploss at Rs 98.80 and target of Rs 90
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com
Buy  Tata Motors DVR with a stoploss at Rs 342 and target of Rs 365
Buy  Mindtree with a stoploss at Rs 1220 and target of Rs 1295
Aditya Agarwal of Way2Wealth Securities
Buy  Wockhardt with a stoploss at Rs 848 and target of Rs 910
Sell  Mcleod Russel with a stoploss at Rs 245 and target of Rs 228
RELATED NEWS

Polling begins for 2nd phase Jharkhand AssemblyPeshawar school attack: Take me, spare the kids, says Nobel laureate Kailash Satyarthi to Taliban gunmen
Brisk polling was reported in several of the 20 constituencies of seven Maoist-hit districts in Jharkhand where second-phase voting is on for the 81-seat Assembly today.
Polling was going on peacefully and 32.10 per cent of the total 44,31,900 voters exercised their franchise in the first four hours, Election Commission sources said.
Long queues were seen in the Maoist-hit areas, where election is being held amid tight security.
Till 11 AM, Baharagora constituency registered the maximum voter turnout of 44.38 per cent followed by Jagannathpur 43 per cent, Majhgaon 40 per cent and Tamar 29 per cent, the sources said.
Barring a defective EVM machine being replaced in Jaganathpur, polling is incident-free, the sources said.
Former Chief Minister Madhu Koda and his MLA wife Gita Koda cast their votes in Jaganathpur constituency.
While Koda is contesting from Majhgaon (ST) seat, his wife is fighting from Jaganathpur (ST) constituency.
Another former Chief Minister Arjun Munda and his wife Meera Munda also exercised his franchise from Kharsawan, from where he is contesting for the fifth time.
BJP Vice President and former deputy chief minister Raghuvar Das cast his franchise in Jamshedpur (East), while his BJP colleague and candidate from Jamshedpur (WEST) Saryu Roy also cast his vote.
Tata Steel Managing Director T V Narendra and his wife Ruchi Narendran also voted in Jamshedpur.
Besides women, a large number of youths were seen waiting in serpentine queues in the steel city.
Khunti SDO-cum-returning officer Ramesh Gholak said voting was going on peacefully.
A total of 44,31,900 voters, including 21,72,982 women, are eligible to cast their franchise in 5,048 polling stations to elect 223 candidates, including 35 women.
Besides former Chief Ministers Arjun Munda and Madhu Koda, former deputy chief minister Raghubar Das (Jamshedpur East), three state ministers including Agriculture minister Banna Gupta (Jamshedpur-West), HRD minister Geetashree Oraon (Sisai), Industries minister Champai Soren (Seraikella), several sitting and former MLAs are trying their luck.
First phase polling was held in 13 Maoist-affected seats of the state on November 25 last which witnessed a turnout of 62 per cent.
TAGS: Jharkhand Assembly
More from miscellaneous

How North East could become a spices powerhouse(At present, the cultivation…)
By Krishnakumar PK
KOCHI: Hot and pungent Naga chillies and bird's eye chillies, high curcumin bearing Lakadong turmeric, Nadia ginger and large cardamom could become household names in the country in the next few years with their production all set to increase, thanks to the initiative by the Spices Board to tap the potential of the landlocked region.
At present, the cultivation of these spices is mostly confined to the Northeastern region and people in other parts of the country are not much aware of it. For instance, not many know that Naga chillies, cultivated in Nagaland , hold the Guinness record for being the hottest chillies. Similarly, Lakadong turmeric is grown in Meghalaya and large cardamom in Sikkim.
Spices Board has earmarked Rs 57.50 crore in the 12th Plan for turning the region into a major hub of organic farming of spices, a rise of nearly 68% from the previous plan period. Since the spices are grown in the traditional way, the region has become organic by default and the Board intends to exploit the advantage to the fullest.
"There is good demand for spices in the organic form. The Board proposes to establish seeds banks and increase the supply of planting materials for export-oriented varieties like Lakadong turmeric and Nadia ginger. It will offer 50% of the planting material per hectare as subsidy," said A Jayathilak, chairman of Spices Board.
Organic farm certification assistance, setting up of organic value-addition units, and formation of spice producers' societies are some of the works planned by the Board to promote the cultivation of organic spices. The Board has also signed an agreement with the state horticulture department of Arunachal Pradesh for developing the spices.
Besides, auction centres for large cardamom in Sikkim and Arunachal Pradesh are also being considered. Another move is to set up spices parks, providing common processing facilities in Meghalaya and Manipur.
"It is a good move as the land is virgin and the demand for spices is increasing. There is a need to step up the production of both organic and conventional spices to bridge the gap between demand and supply. Whatever is produced is getting consumed," said Shailesh Shah, director at major spice exporting firm Jabs International.
The traditional growth centres of spices are southern states, Gujarat and Rajasthan, though it is cultivated in other states too. Uttar Pradesh is a major mint producer. Consequently, most of the processing units are located in these places. "It would be difficult to transport spices to other parts of the country. Eventually, we will have to start production units in the Northeastern states," said Sanjaya Mariwala, MD of Kancor Ingredients, a value-added spices manufacturer.
Once the production increases, then Kolkata port could become a major export hub, according to Shah. "Exports of chilli have now almost shifted to Chennai port from Mumbai as Malaysia, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka have become the main buyers," he added. Last year, India exported 8,17,250 tonne spices worth Rs 13,735 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fast-track resolution of SEZ issues: PMO to ministriesCBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case
The Prime Minister’s Office (PMO) has asked the commerce and finance departments to expedite the resolution of issues plaguing the special economic zones (SEZs) in order to give impetus to manufacturing.
Apart from resolving the issue of dividend distribution tax (DDT) and minimum alternate tax (MAT), the PMO has asked the two ministries, in a communication dated November 25, that the “matter of dual use of infrastructure for non-processing zones of SEZs should be dealt with on a priority basis as there are several requests pending for the same”. This is something, the PMO has argued, that can be done “immediately”, sources told The Indian Express.
The dual use of infrastructure for non-processing zones is a long-pending issue with the SEZ developers and units. This will allow developers to use the support infrastructure including schools, hospitals, and hotels, for people living outside the SEZs as well subject to payment of the applicable taxes. The SEZ is divided into processing and non processing zones, wherein the production of goods and services takes place in processing zones while the non-processing zones is used for creation of support infrastructure.
However, there have been concerns that though essential, the support infrastructure is often not viable due to low capacity utilisation. It is not allowed to be used by entities outside the SEZs. The developers have been arguing that these conditions are unreasonable and impractical.
Further, the PMO has also asked the finance ministry to “streamline the processes regarding refunds and exemptions and optimise the use of facilities in processing zone. It is also important that the provisions for SEZs should be spelt out clearly in the foreign trade policy”, the source said.
The finance ministry has also been urged to bring to an end the issue of DDT and MAT levy on developers and units. A MAT of 18.5 per cent was imposed on SEZ developers and units and DDT on developers in the Budget 2011-12 by the then finance minister Pranab Mukherjee. This was touted as a major reason for the slowdown in growth of SEZs.
“The intervention of the finance minister has been solicited by the PMO in the issue,” the sources added.
However, last week, commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman had informed the Lok Sabha that the finance ministry has rejected the demand of restoring the MAT and DDT benefits to the SEZ units and developers. According to the available data, SEZs attracted investment worth Rs 2.36 lakh crore in 2012-13 while providing direct employment opportunities to over 11 lakh people. Exports from SEZs grew by about 31 per cent.
TAGS: SEZ Developers
More from economy
Per capita annual income increases in national capital The per capita annual income in the national capital has increased to Rs 2.19 lakh in 2013-14 as campared to Rs 1.92 lakh in the previous fiscal.

Air India row: Supreme Court refuses to pass interim order on salaryEnforcement Directorate probing beneficiary of Rs 425 crore Indian Premier League facilitation fee
The Supreme Court on Monday refused to pass any interim order on disbursing salaries to pilots and other employees of Air India (AI), saying putting the public carrier under any additional burden at this juncture may “kill the hen.”
“There has to be a practical way out. Any order should not be harsh on your employer (AI). We have to take care not to put any extra burden on them since it may kill them altogether. At this stage, we are not going to grant interim relief,” a bench of Justices Anil R Dave and Kurian Joseph said.
The bench was hearing a batch of cross-appeals filed by the AI and various employees’ unions against a Bombay High Court order on implementation of Dharmadhikari panel’s recommendations on merger of erstwhile Indian Airlines and AI.
On being asked by the bench to find a way out to the impasse, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that a four-member panel headed by former Supreme Court judge Justice DM Dharmadhikari was appointed to look into various issues that had risen after the merger of AI and Indian Airlines.
The prime bone of contention is whether the AI was obligated to give a notice to the employees under a provision of the Industrial Disputes Act before implementing the panel’s report. While the government and the carrier has maintained it was not required since the employees had participated in the proceedings before the panel, pilots and other employees argue otherwise. “Earlier, salaries were less and allowances were huge and the commission found that the total package was not viable,” said Rohatgi, while adding that the panel suggested substantial increase in basic salary and trimmed certain allowances. This arrangement may lessen the present salary, but increases the post retirement benefits, he said.
“You cannot be given flying allowances, which used to be $2,000 to $2,500, without flying minimum stipulated hours,” Rohatgi said, adding that around 3,500 AI officials have already accepted the panel’s recommendations.
TAGS: Air India Supreme Court
More from companies

Assembly polls LIVE: Second phase of voting underway in Jharkhand  J&K amid tightsecurityBy: Express News Service |
Posted: December 2, 2014 9:14 am | Updated: December 3, 2014 8:53 am
In a rerun of record polling in the first phase, a 71 per cent voter turnout was registered in the second phase of incident-free Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir on Tuesday as the electorate in the 18 seats again ignored boycott call by separatist groups. And A total of 65.46 per cent votes were cast in 20 of the 81 assembly seats in second phase of the five-phased state elections today.
Election commission officials said the figure in J&K could go up by one to two per cent once the final tally is available.
Three militants killed in encounter with army in Kupwara
Dealing a serious blow to separatist politics, enthusiastic voters stood in serpentine queues at several polling stations waiting for their turn.
The first phase of the five-phase polls for 15 seats on November 25 had witnessed a record 71.28 per cent polling.
“The latest figures that we have for the second phase of polls in Jammu and Kashmir is 71 per cent. We expect these
numbers to go up by 1-2 per cent further,” Deputy Election Commissioner Vinod Zutshi told reporters in Delhi.
Zutshi said that during the entire phase today, where 18 assembly seats in five districts went to polls, “no untoward
incident” took place and the entire event was peaceful. Of the five districts, two were in the Valley and three in Jammu. While in Jharkhand, the polling also concluded peacefully in all the constituencies, Chief Electoral Officer P K Jajoria said. Re-polling was also held peacefully at one booth in Garhwa seat and two in Chhatarpur constituency.
According to official figures, Lolab Assembly segment recorded the highest turnout of 10.5 per cent in the first hour of polling. (Source: IE photo by Ruwa Shah)
Tuesday’s poll percentage in J&K, the Deputy EC said, is higher than the figure of 61.04 per cent polling during the 2014 Lok Sabha polls and 68.79 per cent recorded during the 2008 Assembly elections.
The corresponding figures for voting on Tuesday in the 5 districts stood at Reasi (80 per cent), Udhampur (76 per
cent), Poonch (75 per cent), Kupwara (68 per cent) and Kulgam (above 60 per cent).
He said the weather was “very supportive” during the polls and there was no snowfall.
Tuesday’s phase involved an electorate of 15.35 lakh. A total of 175 candidates, including four sitting ministers and
11 other sitting MLAs were in the fray.
There was a tight security cover in Kulgam and Kupwara districts following back-to-back attacks on two sarpanches by militants over the last two days in which one was killed.
Of the 18 constituencies, Handwara in north Kashmir Kupwara district was in continued…

Maoists used villagers as shield: RajnathSinghBy: Press Trust of India | Lucknow |
Posted: December 2, 2014 9:07 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 9:27 am
13-15 CRPF personnel were killed when Naxals attacked security forces by using villagers as human shields in Chhattisgarh’s Sukma district, Home Minister Rajnath Singh said tonight.
“13 to 15 CRPF personnel were killed in the attack that took place in Chintagufa area of Chhattisgarh. The Naxals have carried out the attack by putting innocent villagers as human shields,” he told reporters here.
The Home Minister said has spoken to National Security Advisor Ajit Doval, Union Home Secretary Anil Goswami, Director of Intelligence Bureau Asif Ibrahim and Director General of CRPF about the incident and took stock of the situation.
“I am waiting for a detailed report,” he said.
Singh said he wanted to travel to Chhattisgarh tonight itself but due to some logistical problem the visit could not be undertaken.
“I will go to Chhattisgarh tomorrow,” he said.
Rajnath Singh termed the Naxal attack on a CRPF patrol in Chhattisgarh as “an act of cowardice” and Maoist violence was a challenge not only for the government but also for the country and its people and stressed that all will have to deal with it jointly.
He said had the innocent villagers not been used by the Naxals as a shield, such a big casualty would not have been suffered by CRPF in today’s attack.
“Had they not used innocent villagers as shields, they would not have succeeded in inflicting such a big casualty as our CRPF jawans do not fire on innocents and they (Naxals) took advantage of this”, Singh said.
To a question whether Naxals took advantage of security forces being busy in Jharkhand elections, Singh said it should not be seen in that light.
For checking recurrence of such incidents, he said the government would do whatever is necessary for stopping it.

RBI may hold rates  sounding dovish to soothe govtRBI seen holding rates, sounding dovish to soothe government
Reuters Dec 2, 2014, 03.41AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(Forty-one of 45 economists…)
MUMBAI: The Reserve Bank of India is expected to keep interest rates unchanged on Tuesday, staying focused on containing inflation, while adopting a more dovish tone in response to the government's call for help to revive economic growth.
Forty-one of 45 economists saw the RBI keeping the repo rate at 8.00 per cent at its policy review, while four expected a reduction of 25 basis points.
Most think the RBI will wait until February or April to ease rates, despite sharply lower inflation.
Limp economic growth during Prime Minister Narendra Modi's first six months in power, however, has caused unease in government quarters, raising some calls for an early reduction.
Officials told Reuters last week that Finance Minister Arun Jaitley would press RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan for a cut in rates when they held a customary meeting before the central bank's policy review. There was no official confirmation whether that meeting had taken place.
Data released on Friday may have helped Rajan ward off pressure for a rate cut, as a slowdown in economic growth was not as bad as earlier feared.
"A rate cut now would be premature and inconsistent with Rajan's earlier comments," said A. Prasanna, economist at ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Ltd.
"If they were to cut rates now, RBI would risk inflation surprising down the line and the associated loss of credibility."
Helped by tumbling oil prices, India's annual consumer price inflation slowed to 5.52 per cent in October, sharply down from a peak of 11.16 per cent struck in November last year.
Rajan has said that he will not hold rates for longer than needed. But analysts say that the central bank governor remains wary of factors outside his control, like volatile oil prices, even with the inflation rate running below the RBI's target of 6 per cent inflation by January 2016.
India is struggling to emerge from its slowest phase of economic growth since the 1980s. Friday's data showed year-on-year growth slipped to 5.3 per cent in the July-September quarter, down from 5.7 per cent in the previous quarter.
India needs far faster growth to create jobs for all the young people joining its workforce in coming years.
While holding the tiller steady, Rajan will have to strike a balance to avoid alienating senior government figures, as there is a discussion expected before the budget announcement in February to agree on a new monetary policy framework.
The government is also expected to amend the RBI Act to incorporate a monetary policy committee that gives voting rights to officials both within and outside the central bank.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cabinet may clear Coal Block Auction Bill todayCabinet may clear Coal Block Auction Bill on Tuesday
ET Bureau Dec 2, 2014, 04.55AM IST
Tags:
Coal Block Auction Bill
(The development follows…)
NEW DELHI: The Cabinet is expected to clear on Tuesday a bill on coal block auctions to replace the Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Ordinance, 2014, which was promulgated to facilitate the process, government sources said.
The bill and its passage in Parliament is keenly awaited as it would end any uncertainty about the auction process along with an enabling provision that could pave the way for commercial mining of coal by private companies, instead of limiting it to government companies such as Coal India .
The development follows the Supreme Court order on September 24 cancelling 204 coal block allotments after terming them arbitrary and illegal.
Following the order, the government came out with the ordinance enabling e-auction of coal blocks to end-user industries such as power, cement and steel. The ordinance provides for the allocation of coal mines and vesting of the right, title and interest in and over the land and mine infrastructure and mining leases to allottees with a view to ensure continuity in coal mining operations.
The government emphasised transparency and promoting the optimum utilisation of coal resources when it promulgated the ordinance.
FEATURED ARTICLES

AIDS helpline launched in 8 languagesAIDS helpline launched in 8 languages
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 02, 2014
First Published: 08:26 IST(2/12/2014) | Last Updated: 09:10 IST(2/12/2014)
Comments
India launched a toll-free helpline number — 1097 — on Monday, to answer queries related to HIV/AIDS. The helpline number, that has been developed in collaboration with USAID, will be functional 24X7 and will be available in eight regional languages.
Students of Allahabad University create sand art to raise awareness on AIDS on the eve of World AIDS day, on the banks of the Ganga river in Allahabad on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
India has 2.1 million people living with HIV/AIDS, with new HIV infections down by 57% and AIDS-related deaths down by 25% over the past decade.
“Today is a day for deep thinking and introspection. It is a day when we gauge how far we have come in our fight against the disease, what are our shortcomings and how do we, as a nation, collectively fill this gap,” said Union health minister JP Nadda, on the occasion of World AIDS Day.
“It is not only the fight of the patients, doctors and scientists. It needs to be team effort involving all stakeholders, families and communities who must unite in helping those inflicted with HIV+ and AIDS to live a life of dignity, free from any stigma,” he said.
The minister emphasized on aiming to achieve zero new infections, zero discrimination and zero AIDS-related deaths by raising awareness and boosting preventive methods.
“Youth can be the champions in spreading awareness about AIDS which will go a long way to prevent it. Know AIDS for No AIDS,” said Lov Verma, secretary, ministry of health and family welfare.
The health ministry has signed MoUs with 11 ministries for creating awareness about AIDS, while five more are in the pipeline.
International organizations too lauded India for its achievements in containing AIDS. “India has made significant achievement in prevention, treatment and care of those inflicted with the disease. India, thus, has set a regional and global example,” said Oussama Tawil, country coordinator, UNAIDS India.

Bird bombs: Here s a brand new entry in Taliban arsenalprint
Terrorists the world over are known to deploy suicide bombers, or “human bombs”, to wreak death and devastation on their targets, but have you ever heard of a bird being used as a suicide bomber?
The Taliban seem to be using such a strategy and the Afghan police reportedly shot dead a bird which had been equipped by the terrorists with an explosive pouch, a GPS tracker and a detonator.
The bird had several wires protruding from its feathers, a mobile phone detonator and a specially designed ‘suicide vest’, the Daily Mail reported Monday.
Alert officers spotted the suspicious-looking bird in the Faryab province in the north of the country, near the border with Turkmenistan and their suspicions increased as the large bird is not known to be native to the area.
The bird exploded when it was shot and “suspicious metal stuff” was scattered around, Abdul Nabi Ilham of the Afghan police told NBC News in an interview, which the Daily Mail cited.
Ilham added: “We are gathering all the stuff, but (we have) found parts of what looks to be GPS and a small camera.” The success in Faryab province comes as the Afghan district police chief in Helmand province, Ahmadullah Anwari, complained that his officers were suffering from major weapon and equipment shortages.
As most foreign combat troops prepare to leave Afghanistan by the end of 2014, after 13 years of war, the experiences of Anwari and other police chiefs, and army commanders across the country are NATO’s biggest worry.
The US, which provides the bulk of NATO troops in Afghanistan, has poured some $61 billion into training a 350,000-strong security force. Taliban fighters had recently entered Camp Bastion, a large base in the southern Helmand province handed over to Afghan troops a month ago by the withdrawing US and British forces.
It took Afghan soldiers three days to drive the insurgents out. The Taliban also targeted a foreign guesthouse in western Kabul last Saturday. The attack was the latest in a string of bombings that have targeted dozens of military and civilian installations in Kabul over the past couple of weeks.

China: Teen commits live online suicideprint
A teenager in southwest China's Sichuan province committed suicide while broadcasting live on his microblog, a Chinese Twitter-like service.
The youth, Zeng, was found unconscious in his house by police on Sunday afternoon and taken to hospital where he died.
Prior to his suicide, he had posted dozens of microblogs, expressing depression and loneliness.
"I decided to leave the world after deep consideration, don't persuade me to live. I just hope it won't be too painful," Xinhua quoted a typical post as stating.
He prepared himself with hypnotic drugs, tapes and coal for suicide then took the drugs and burned the coal on Sunday morning.
"I cannot save myself any more as the drugs took effect and I lost strength completely... "wrote his last microblog.
Police started to search for him after tip-offs.
"He told me that he fell in love with a girl online, but he was not sure whether she loved him,"  Zeng's grandmother said."His parents were divorced when he was two years old and he lived with his mother. However, some years later, his mother remarried. So he has since lived with me."
"I love you, but I'm sorry, I will disappear quickly," Zeng wrote before his death.
During the process, many tried to persuade Zeng not to do it, but to no avail. Others criticised him as an attention seeker.
"The process lasted for more than four hours, but it's regrettable that we failed to save him," said a netizen.
There have been several similar cases in China.
"Such cases have a negative impact on society, especially those young men who have psychological problems. They may follow suit," said Zhang Mingsuo, a sociology professor at Zhengzhou University in central China's Henan Province.
"The government should take timely measures to reduce such tragedies. Schools and communities should also provide psychological consulting to help prevent suicide attempts," he said.

Delhi church goes up in flames  foul play suspectedDelhi church gutted, foul play suspected
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 02, 2014
First Published: 00:57 IST(2/12/2014) | Last Updated: 10:32 IST(2/12/2014)
Comments
With less than a month to go for Christmas, a prominent Catholic church in northeast Delhi’s Dilshad Garden was gutted in a major fire Monday morning, prompting allegations of arson and foul play.
The main hall of St Sebastian’s Church caught fire around 6.30am with the altar, statues, the holy Bible and the Cross reduced to ashes within minutes. The estimated losses were pegged at over Rs. 1 crore.
Church authorities alleged the fire was an attempt at triggering religious polarisation ahead of the Delhi polls, likely early next year.
 
Delhi Catholic Archdiocese spokesperson Savarimuthu Sankar told HT that three fire tenders reached the church an hour after flames broke out and police arrived only at 9am, by when the fire had been doused.
Community leaders also said kerosene was found in the attic, pointing at foul play. “The security guard took a breakfast break at 6am. When he returned 30 minutes later, he noticed thick smoke and informed Father Antony Francis, the pastor, who called the fire department,” said Sankar.
 
Delhi Archbishop Reverend Anil Couto has written to PM Narendra Modi and home minister Rajnath Singh, seeking a judicial probe into the fire.
The incident quickly took a political angle with several leaders offering their help. Congress leader Arvinder Singh, former Delhi minister Haroon Yusuf and Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal visited the spot and assured their support for a speedy probe and financial compensation. Local BJP MP Manoj Tiwari also visited the church and said he would raise this issue in Parliament.
Joint commissioner of police Sanjay Baniwal said a case of mischief by fire or explosive substance was registered. “We are waiting for the forensic science laboratory report to establish the exact cause of fire,” added Baniwal.
Hundreds of people later assembled outside the church and prayed for peace and communal harmony. They will hold a protest outside the Delhi police commissioner’s office on Tuesday.
The church at Dilshad Garden, New Delhi was gutted by fire on Monday morning. (HT Photo)

Second phase voting in Jammu and Kashmir underwayComments
Voters walked on frost and through a blanket of fog to log an overwhelming 71% turnout in the second phase of assembly election in militancy-hit Jammu and Kashmir on Tuesday, just shy of the first-round figure.
Kashmiri voters queue at a polling station in Handwara, about 70 kms north of capital Srinagar. (AFP photo)
Jharkhand, another insurgency-hit state to go to polls, recorded 66.38% polling despite this phase coinciding with an annual event of the Maoists’ military wing, the People’s Liberation Guerrilla Army.
People of both states defied fear of attack following poll boycott calls by separatists and insurgents, especially residents of frontier areas along the Line of Control in Jammu and Kashmir where 80% polling was recorded in some booths. Kulgam, close to Shopian where back-to-back militant attacks on two sarpanches have rocked the area, showed its contempt for violence with an impressive turnout.
The only people complaining about the cold were the election staff stationed at a godown-turned-booth without heating and food. Voters kept themselves warm with traditional fire pots (kangri) and animated conversations on “change” — the leitmotif of this year’s poll.
“I voted for the Muslim United Front in 1987 but the government murdered democracy then. I picked up the gun and joined militant ranks, but even that didn’t change the political problem. I boycotted all the elections … today I am voting for change,” said 47-year-old former separatist Abdul Gani Lone, who is now a contractor.
Another former separatist, Sajad Gani Lone, who is the People’s Conference candidate for the Handwara seat, had stirred the poll pot calling Prime Minister Narendra Modi an “elder brother”.
In Jharkhand, the fate of two former CMs and three CM probables were sealed in ballot boxes. “We elect the CM, not merely an MLA,” said a BJP supporter in Kharsawan, where former CM Arjun Munda is contesting for a record fifth time.
A crow’s flight away, Chaibasa’s BJP candidate JB Tubid, a former home secretary, is tipped to be CM by dint of his tribal identity. Jamshedpur East and West have two of the BJP’s most powerful leaders and CM probables, Raghubar Das and Saryu Roy.
Former CM Madhu Koda, infamous for his alleged involvement in a multi-crore money laundering scam, is trying his luck from Majhgaon under the banner of Jai Bharat Samanta Party.
Voting was held in 20 constituencies, 16 of them reserved for schedule tribe candidates spread over seven districts. “The overall turnout was 59.46% in 2009 elections in 20 constituencies, which has now crossed the 66% mark,” an election official said, adding the percentage might partially increase after final figures arrive in a day or two.
(With inputs from Sanjoy Dey in Ranchi)

ICICI Bank buys 15.55 lakh shares of Gokaldas ExportsDec 02, 2014, 08.27 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
ICICI Bank buys 15.55 lakh shares of Gokaldas Exports
On December 01, 2014  ICICI Bank Limited bought 15,55,000 shares of Gokaldas Exports at Rs 67.65 on the BSE.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ICICI Bank buys 15.55 lakh shares of Gokaldas Exports
On December 01, 2014  ICICI Bank Limited bought 15,55,000 shares of Gokaldas Exports at Rs 67.65 on the BSE.
Post your opinion here
 
On December 01, 2014 Blackstone FP Capital Partners M V B Subsidiary Limited sold 15,55,000 shares of  Gokaldas Exports at Rs 67.65 on the BSE.
However, ICICI Bank Limited bought 15,55,000 shares at Rs 67.65 on the BSE.
On Monday Gokaldas Exports ended at Rs 76.50, up Rs 8.85, or 13.08 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 97.95 and 52-week low Rs 51.70 on 24 June, 2014 and 19 March, 2014, respectively.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 2.29 per share. (Sep, 2014). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 33.41. The latest book value of the company is Rs 35.10 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 2.18.
RELATED NEWS

Haven t become Chief Minister to sit on files  says Devendra FadnavisDec 02, 2014 at 08:53am IST
Haven't become Chief Minister to sit on files, says Devendra Fadnavis
15
0
Thane: Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis said that he did not become a chief minister to "sit" on files.
"I have not become a Chief Minister to sit on files, like the previous ones, but to clear genuine files quickly," Fadnavis said at a function, inaugurating the 'Agri Mahotsav' at Dombivili.
"The previous government has left a lot of work for me which I am expected to clear," Fadnavis said.
"The previous government has left a lot of work for me which I am expected to clear," Fadnavis said.
#maharashtra #devendra fadnavis #chief minister #bjp
He said that on a day he gets 300 files on an average and 2,000 memoranda from citizens. Files which reach him everyday are usually cleared the same day, while some files are sent to the Law and Judiciary Department for its opinion, he said.
He paid rich tributes to Koli and Agri communities, adding that their contribution to the development of the state is noteworthy. The Agri community's ancient culture should be preserved and not allowed to fade away, he said.
He added that he would surely resolve long pending issues of urban citizens in Kalyan and other regions. The issue of plots of land for the Agri community, as well as college and waste disposal facilities would be resolved in a month, he said.
He said that he is unhappy with the speed of work of the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) and said that it needs to speed up its work.
Talking to reporters, he said that talks between the BJP and the Shiv Sena are on, from which he expected a positive outcome soon.
2

BJP minister sparks row  says Muslims  Christians sons of Ram  those who don t believe it should leave India371
3
New Delhi: Minister of State for Food Processing Industries Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti has sparked off a controversy by claiming that everyone including Muslims and Christians are sons of Ram.
She used expletives against rival political parties as well. "Modiji ka mantra hai na hum khayenge na khane denge. Ab aapko tyah karna hai ki aap kise chunenge, aapko chunna hai ki ramzyaado ki sarkar banegi ya h*******o ki sarkar banegi, ye aapko tyah karna hai (Modi has given a mantra that we will neither take bribe nor let others take bribe. Now you have to decide whom to choose. Will you choose the sons of Ram or thopse who are illegitimate)," she said.
However, the BJP leader clarified her point saying, "I was targeting the separatist and anti-national forces. Why are people taking offence to that? What would you say to the people who attacked Parliament? What would you say to the people who attack our borders. All that I have said is that when Indians go abroad they are referred to as 'hindustani'," she said.
#sadhvi niranjan jyoti #bjp #muslims #christians
The opposition parties have demanded a clarification from the government over the statement and sought Prime Minister Narendra Modi's on it.
Congress leader Randeep Surjewala said, "We condemn the use of words by Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti. The BJP is practicing politics of division. The Prime Minister should answer this as she belongs to his Cabinet."
Other political also upped the ante against Niranjan Jyoti and called her statement a highly deplorable one.
Biju Janata Dal leader Jay Panda said, "I am saddened to hear the use of this kind of language by a Cabinet minister. It is highly deplorable."
Nationalist Congress Party Majid Memon said, "What the Sadhvi said is inappropriate. It does not matter what a person's religion is."
4645

Live: Jammu & Kashmir goes to second phase of Assembly polls todayElection Commission says over 71% voting in 18 seats of Jammu and Kashmir in the 2nd phase of Assembly elections
IBNLive.com | Dec 02, 2014 at  06:21pm IST
As many as 18 constituencies of Jammu & Kashmir voted in the second phase of Assembly polls on Tuesday.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Will RBI cut ratesWill RBI cut rates?
Will RBI cut rates?
It's a matter of few hours before the suspense ends. Will he, won't he? That's the question for now and investors will choose not to really speculate much now.
http://www.indiainfoline.com/article/news-top-story/will-rbi-cut-rates-114120200013_1.html
December 02, 2014 08:44 IST
http://content.indiainfoline.com/_media/iifl/img/article/default/glo_news.jpg
RBI, Raghuram Rajan, Monetary Policy
Top Story
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
Money matters for Newly Weds
India Infoline News Service / 11:47, Dec 12, 2014
Stepping into a new life comes with a multitude of responsibilities Therefore, it is important to include your spouse in your monetary affairs at the earliest in order to be on common grounds financially.
Tuesday, 16 December 2014 23:11 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Global health problems span a wide spectrum: IMFGlobal health problems span a wide spectrum: IMF
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 02, 2014 08:44 IST
Health was a major focus of the Millennium Development Goals established by the United Nations 15 years ago and will surely remain prominent on the development agenda, according to Bloom.
 
 
The December issue of the IMF's Finance and Development magazine looks at the serious health issues the world faces today, including infectious diseases such as Ebola fever and no communicable diseases such as cancer and mental health disorders.
 
But any look at global health must include more than diseases.
 
The latest issue of F&D magazine examines a panoply of global health concerns--among them the growing importance of regional and local governments in health care delivery, the need for more efficient delivery of health services and for better functioning health systems, and the increasing number of organizations involved in the provision or health services--an area once almost solely the province of the World Health Organization (WHO).
 
Progress and threats
 
Harvard economist and demographer David E. Bloom, in a broad look at the status of human health, notes that although the world confronts many problems it has made great progress in the control and treatment of infectious diseases--the result of better medicine and vaccination, clean water and sanitation, and improvements in nutrition, education, and income. One of the clearest demonstrations of the advance in health is the sharp increase in life expectancy--which has increased by 23 years over the past six decades and is forecast to increase another 7 years by mid-century.
 
Gains in life expectancy are a hopeful indicator of what is possible in facing both longstanding and new health threats, Bloom writes. These threats include infectious diseases like Ebola, malaria, tuberculosis, HIV, hepatitis, diarrhea, and dengue (including drug-resistant forms of these and other pathogens), as well as chronic infirmities such as cardiovascular disease, cancer, respiratory disease, diabetes, neuro-psychiatric conditions, sense organ disorders, and musculoskeletal disorders.
 
In many respects, the most jarring feature of the global health scene is the massive disparity between its achievements and failings, he writes. For example, there is a 38-year gap between the country with the longest life expectancy, Japan at 83 years, and that with the lowest, Sierra Leone at 45. And 14 countries have a life expectancy at birth of less than 55 years, while 25 have one greater than 80 years.
 
Lessons from Ebola
 
Health was a major focus of the Millennium Development Goals established by the United Nations 15 years ago and will surely remain prominent on the development agenda, according to Bloom. But the nature, focus, and concrete indicators of any new goal (or goals) are not yet clear. Especially interesting, he says, will be the place of noncommunicable diseases; the emphasis on process, inputs, and risk factors rather than health outcomes; and whatever lessons the world community takes from the spread of diseases like Ebola and applies in defining a new set of aspirations for global health.
 
One lesson the world should learn from the Ebola outbreak is the need to prepare for worldwide epidemics, so-called pandemics, according to the World Bank's Olga Jonas. Governments have chronically neglected human and veterinary public health systems to detect and control outbreaks of infectious diseases. It would cost about $3.4 billion a year to bring health systems in emerging and developing countries up to the standards needed to cope with infectious disease outbreaks--a minuscule percentage of what a pandemic would cost the global economy, not to mention the immeasurable pain and suffering that would occur.
 
Managing health
 
A major change in the economics of public health spending has been the devolution of outlays from central governments to regional and local governments, according to Amanda Glassman, of the Center for Global Development (CGD), and Victoria Fan of CGD and the University of Hawaii. Moving health functions and spending to the subnational level has resulted in many successful innovations in health care delivery, but has also caused many problems because regional and local governments often lack the administrative capacity and transparency to undertake these responsibilities.
 
It is not only at the national level, though, that things are murky. At the multinational level, so-called global health governance is splintering. The World Health Organization once had the stage to itself, according to Devi Sridhar of the University of Edinburgh and Chelsea Clinton of Columbia University. Today, though, public-private partnerships and private foundations are zeroing in on specific diseases or conditions--for example, AIDS and maternal health--while the World Bank is spending heavily on health issues.
 
The cost of health care remains a problem among both developed and developing economies. If governments are to be able to increase health services without having to reduce spending in other key areas such as education, they must find ways to make health spending more efficient. IMF economists David Coady, Maura Francese, and Baoping Shang outline potential areas where efficiency could be increased.
 
Also in the December 2014 issue of F&D, IMF and World Bank economists examine the recent slowdown in global trade; the IMF's Maureen Burke profiles market matching expert and Nobelist Alvin E. Roth; and Back to Basics outlines the economic principles of taxation.

Polling begins for 2nd phase J&K Assembly electionsModerate polling in Kashmir Valley
PTI
Tweet
Srinagar, Dec 2:  
Moderate polling was today recorded in nine constituencies of the Kashmir Valley for second phase of the five-phase Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir.
Nearly five per cent voter turnout was recorded in the first one hour. Polling was by-and-large peaceful.
Serpentine queues could be seen at many polling stations as voters waited for their turn.
According to official figures, Lolab Assembly segment recorded the highest turnout of 10.5 per cent in the first hour of polling. Kulgam Assembly segment also recorded a good turnout of 5.14 per cent.
Langet recorded 4.76 per cent followed by Devsar at 4.43 per cent and Handwara in north Kashmir Kupwar district at 4.02 per cent.
Noorabad Assembly segment in south Kashmir Kulgam district recorded 3.6 per cent, Home-Shalibugh had 1.9 per cent of polling. Data for Kupwara and Karnah segments was not yet available.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Maoists kill 14 CRPF personnel including 2 officers in ChhattisgarhPeshawar school attack: Take me, spare the kids, says Nobel laureate Kailash Satyarthi to Taliban gunmen
Using human shields, Maoists today unleashed a major attack killing 14 CRPF personnel, including two officers, and injuring 12 others in the second ambush on the force in 10 days in the same area in Naxal-infested Sukma district of Chhattisgarh.
The Maoist strike on the CRPF when its personnel were returning to their camp was the biggest attack on the paramilitary force in Chattisgarh this year. On March 11, eleven CRPF men were among 15 people killed in a Maoist attack in Sukma district.
“As per latest reports, 14 CRPF men were killed and another 12 have been injured,” Chattisgarh Chief Minister Raman Singh told reporters late tonight.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh roundly condemned the attack.
“Words are not enough to condemn the brutal and inhuman attack by anti-national elements in Sukma,” Modi tweeted, while Singh called it an act of cowardice and a “dastardly act” of violence. Singh is leaving for Chattisgarh tomorrow for an assessment of the situation.
“The Naxals have carried out the attack by putting innocent villagers as human shields,” Singh told reporters in Lucknow.
A joint squad of CRPF, its elite battalion-CoBRA (Compact Battalion for Resolute Action) and district force was attacked by a large group of armed rebels in the dense forests in insurgency-hit South Bastar when they were returning to their camp after combing and area domination operations over several days in the Chintagufa region, about 450 km from here, a senior police official said.
The official said rebels opened indiscriminate firing on the security patrol in the forests between Dornapal and Chintalnar villages when they were cordoning off Kasalpada forest leaving 13 of them dead on the spot.
“Two officers–a Deputy Commandant and an Assistant Commandant–are among 13 CRPF men killed in the ambush,” Chattisgarh’s Additional Director General of Police RK Vij told PTI. The Deputy Commandant and Assistant Commandant were identified as B S Verma and Rajesh Kapuriya.
The attack took place in the same base region of outlawed CPI (Maoist) where 76 troopers were massacred in 2010.
Subsequently, security personnel launched retaliatory attack and the encounter lasted for around several hours following which rebels fled to the core forest area, a senior police official said.
“As per the inputs, Naxals have also suffered causalities in the exchange of fire and at least eight cadres were gunned down,” the official claimed, adding that, however, the bodies of killed ultras have not been recovered.
Soon after the incident, reinforcements were rushed to the spot.
Five CRPF personnel were injured on November 21 in the same area in an encounter with Maoists who also attacked an IAF helicopter. An IAF commando was also injured.
The attack came at a time when a National Security Advisory Board (NSAB) delegation headed by former foreign secretary and chairman Shyam Saran is on a three-day visit to the state from yesterday. It visited Bastar and Dantewada today and met senior officials there.
TAGS: Chhattisgarh
More from miscellaneous

Rohtak eve-teasing case: Haryana govt suspends bus driver  conductorPeshawar school attack: Take me, spare the kids, says Nobel laureate Kailash Satyarthi to Taliban gunmen
Haryana government has suspended the driver and conductor of the roadways bus in which two college-going sisters were eve-teased by three youths.
The Director General of Haryana Transport department has ordered to suspend bus driver Balwan Singh and conductor Labh Singh of bus with registration no-HR 69 6150 with immediate effect, an official order issued in this regard said.
The suspension order issued by Haryana Roadways General Manager, Sonepat came after two sisters were eve-teased by three men in the moving bus on Rohtak-Sonepat road on Friday.
Taking serious note of this incident, Haryana government has also asked state Director General of Police (DGP) and state transport department to take steps for ensuring safety and security of passengers especially women travelling in the Haryana roadways buses.
The bus drivers and conductors have also been directed to make sure that such incidents do not occur in future, it said.
The two college-going sisters had confronted three eve-teasers inside a moving bus, with one of the girls even hitting the youths with her belt, even as passengers remained mute spectators.
The entire incident, recorded by a passenger on mobile phone, went viral both on television and social media. It showed the two girls using hand and belt to thrash the eve teasers, who appeared to be taken by surprise.
All the three youths — Kuldeep, Mohit and Deepak – were later arrested.
The parents of the two girls lodged an FIR with Haryana police against the three youths informing that the molesters got down at the Kansla village in Rohtak.
The victims in their complaint alleged that they were “teased” by some youths in a Haryana Roadways bus when they were going to their college on Friday.
When the victims objected, one of the accused started beating them up.
The father of the two sisters alleged that there was pressure from the panchayat that the girls should withdraw the complaint.
More from miscellaneous

NSE futures fall ahead of RBIreviewHindalco Industries shares plunge on special court's orders
After falling over 173 points in the early trade, the BSE Sensex today moved briefly into the positive terrain even as the RBI kept the key interest rate unchanged, but was again trading lower at noon.
The Sensex, which shed 173.16 points in early trade, bounced back to trade 16.77 points, or 0.05 per cent, higher at 28,576.39 at 1130 hours after the Reserve Bank announced its fifth bi-monthly policy review.
The gains in capital goods, metal, power, healthcare and banking stocks, had helped the key indices to trade in positive zone for a while.
However, the Sensex was trading in the red again at 28,411.62, 148 points or 0.52 per cent at noon.
Similarly, the wide-based National Stock Exchange index Nifty was trading at 8,518.20, down 0.44 per cent.
Brokers said the RBI decision to keep key interest rate unchanged was largely in line with investor expectations but its hint about lowering it early next year had improved the sentiment to some extent.
RBI left the short-term lending rate or repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent, and the cash reserve ratio static at 4 per cent. The statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) has also been retained at 22 per cent.
RBI also retained the growth projection for the current fiscal at 5.5 per cent.
 
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty Reserve Bank Of India
More from indianmarkets
Stocks tumble, Rupee at 13-month low as crude crashes BSE Sensex today recorded its worst single day fall of 538.12 points in 16 months to end day's trade below 27,000...

Nifty opens below 8 550 ahead of RBI policy meetNifty opens below 8,550 ahead of RBI policy meet
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 02, 2014 09:30 AM IST
Markets have commenced the trading session on a marginally lower note ahead of Reserve Bank of India's decision on key rates at its policy review meet today.
By 9:25AM, the 30-share Sensex was lower by 45 points at 28,514 mark and the Nifty slipped by 17 points at 8,538 levels.
The broader markets are trading flat with positive bias. The market breadth on the BSE remains nearly neutral with 681 shares advancing and 643 shares declining.
The Reserve Bank of India is expected to keep interest rates unchanged today, staying focused on containing inflation, while adopting a more dovish tone in response to the government's call for help to revive economic growth.
Meanwhile, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 12.36 crore on Monday, as per provisional data.
In November, manufacturing activity in India rose to a 21-month high, though that didn’t lead to additional hiring, showed the HSBC Purchasing Managers’ Index (PMI), released on Monday.
On the global front, world stock markets fell on Monday as slowing factory activity in China and Europe added to worries about weaker global growth and Apple shares dropped, while the yen hit a seven-year low against the dollar before recovering.
Oil prices rebounded sharply after hitting five-year lows, lifted by data suggesting that tumbling prices may have started affecting drilling activity in the fast-growing US shale oil industry. Gold posted its biggest daily gain in more than a year.
Back home, interest rate sensitive sectors like banks, realty and auto stocks are under pressure ahead of RBI's policy meet today.
BSE IT index has slipped by nearly 1%. However, BSE FMCG index has gained by almost 1%.  
Infosys turns ex-bonus today for 1:1 bonus issue. The stock is the top Sensex loser, down by almost 3%. The company has fixed December 3, 2014 as the record date for the purpose of allotment of bonus shares. However, the stock turned ex-bonus today.
Other notable losers are Bajaj Auto, M&M, GAIL, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Dr Reddy’s Labs.
Bajaj Auto has slumped by almost 2%. The company’s total sales in November 2014 declined to 309,259 units compared to 310,591 units in the same month last year.
M&M has slipped by 1% after reporting a 13% decline in total car sales numbers in November, 2014 compared to same month last year.
ICICI Bank is down by nearly 1% as the stock turns ex-stock split on December, 4. Shareholders would be entitled to receive 5 equity shares of nominal value of Rs. 2 each in lieu of 1 equity share of nominal value of Rs. 10 each of the Bank.
On the gaining side, ONGC, Sesa Sterlite, NTPC, Sun Pharma and RIL have gained by 1% each.
Fitch Ratings has revised its outlook on RIL citing a better than expected show by its US shale gas business, which offset the dip in the domestic exploration business.
The Competition Commission of India (CCI) is expected to come out with its decision on the merger of Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy this week.

Polling begins for second phase of J&K electionsPolling begins for second phase of J&K elections
Press Trust of India | Srinagar Dec 02, 2014 08:40 AM IST
Voting began this morning in 18 constituencies of Jammu and Kashmir going to polls in second of the five-phased state elections.
People have by and large so far stayed indoors due to the cold weather and a heavy fog engulfing the Kashmir valley.
The polls will seal the fate of 175 candidates, including deputy speaker, four ministers and 11 other sitting MLAs, amidst tight security in Kulgam and Kupwara districts following attacks on sarpanches by militants.
As many as 18 Assembly segments, spread over five districts - two in the Valley and three in Jammu region - will decide the fate of 175 candidates which includes the lone woman minister in the National Conference-Congress coalition government Sakina Ittoo.
Of the 18 constituencies, Handwara in north Kashmir Kupwara district will be the focus of attention as separatist-turned-mainstream politician Sajad Gani Lone is making debut in Assembly elections after unsuccessfully contesting the Lok Sabha polls in 2009.
Deputy Speaker of the present Assembly and PDP leader Sartaj Madni will be seeking a third consecutive term from Devsar Assembly segment.
All but two sitting MLAs are seeking re-election in the second phase. While Chaudhary Mohammad Aslam (Congress) who won in 2008 from Surankote, passed away this year, PDP has not fielded Sardar Rafiq Khan from Mendhar in view of ill health.
Reasi will be another constituency under keen observation as sitting MLA Baldev Raj is contesting as an independent after winning on a BJP ticket in 2008.
Kulgam constituency in south Kashmir will also be in focus as the CPI(M) face in Jammu and Kashmir, Mohammad Yousuf Tarigami, is seeking fourth consecutive term.
Ramanagar in Udhampur is having the least number of candidates at six while Chenani, Gulabgarh and Karnah have seven each.
A total of over 12 lakh voters will exercise their franchise at 1,900 polling stations in second phase.

Polling for 2nd phase Jharkhand Assembly election beginsPolling for 2nd phase Jharkhand Assembly election begins
Press Trust of India | Ranchi Dec 02, 2014 08:09 AM IST
Polling began today at 7 a.m in 20 Maoist-affected constituencies amid tight security in the 2nd phase of Assembly election to the Jharkhand Assembly, with polling personnel airdropped in the remote parts of the state.
An electorate of 44,31,900, including 21,72,982 women, is eligible to vote in 5,048 polling stations across seven districts to elect 223 candidates, said Jharkhand Chief Electoral Officer P K Jajoria.
There are 35 women among the candidates with Jharkhand Mukti Morcha, BJP and Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (Prajatantrik) nominating four women each.
Polling began at 7 a.m in all 20 constituencies. While it will end at 5 a.m at Jamshedpur (West) and Jamshedpur (East) seats, the exercise will end at 3 p.m in the rest of the seats, Jajoria said.
Inspector-General of Police M L Meena said there were 1,424 supersensitive and 2,048 sensitive polling stations and added that polling personnel were airlifted to remote areas to be brought back by air after the polling.
The November 25 first phase election covering 13 Maoist-affected constituencies had ended peacefully, recording 62% votes.
The CPI (Maoist) and the People's Liberation Front of India are the banned extremist outfits operating in several rural areas across the seven districts - Seraikella-Kharsawan, West Singhbhum, East Singhbhum, Khunti, Simdega, Ranchi and Gumla where the 20 Assembly segments are situated.
The BJP is contesting in 18 seats in this phase, leaving two - Tamar and Jugsalai - for its pre-poll alliance partner, the AJSU Party.
The Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (JVM-Prajatantrik) and Trinamool Congress are contesting in a pre-poll alliance, with the JVM-P fielding candidates in 18 seats, conceding two seats to the TMC.
Ruling allies JMM and Congress, who parted ways just before the Assembly election, are contesting against each other in all 20 constituencies.
In this phase, RJD and JD(U) are not in the fray.
Prominent among the candidates are incumbent Agriculture minister Banna Gupta (Jamshedpur -West), HRD minister Geetashree Oraon (Sisai) and Industry minister Champai Soren (Seraikella).
Former chief ministers Arjun Munda and Madhu Koda are the other figures trying their luck.
Former IAS officer J B Tubid, who took voluntary retirement to join the BJP, is contesting from Chaibasa, while former MLA Surya Singh Besra is fighting from the Potka seat.

Pre-market: Lower opening likely ahead of RBI policy meetPre-market:  Lower opening likely ahead of RBI policy meet
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 02, 2014 08:23 AM IST
Markets are likely to open weak amid weak global cues and mixed trends in their Asian peers. Trading may turn volatile ahead of the RBI policy review meet scheduled later today.
 
At 8:22AM, the early indicator SGX Nifty was down 33 points at 8,566.
Foreign institutional investors were net sellers  in Indian equities worth Rs 12.36 crore on Monday, as per provisional stock exchange data
 Japanese shares are trading flat after a weak opening as yen started to strengthen against US Dollar and crude oil prices rebounded. Japanese traders largely shrugged off the downgrade of Japan's sovereign debt rating by Moody's.
 
Chinese shares are trading mixed. Hang Seng index is trading flat with a positive bias while Shanghai Composite index has declined around 0.3%
 
Overnight, US markets ended weak in a broad-based decline with the S&P 500 suffering its biggest one-day drop in more than a month. Weak global cues and a tepid start to the holiday shopping season dragged the US markets.
 
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 0.3% to 17,776.9, the S&P 500 declined 0.7% to 2,053.44 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 64.28 points 1.3% to 4,727.35.
 

Jammu and Kashmir: Polling begins for second phase in 18 AssemblyconstituenciesWritten by Arun Sharma | Srinagar |
Posted: December 2, 2014 9:33 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 3:10 pm
Over 32 per cent electorate case their votes by Tuesday afternoon in all the 18 Assembly constituencies which went to polls during second phase of elections in Jammu and Kashmir.
Pointing out that 32.03 per cent polling was recorded in the state by 2 pm, election commission officials said that the the highest 44 per cent polling was registered in Gool-Arnas constituency, followed by Gulabgarh (42.43) and Reasi (42.08). There was 41.80 per cent polling in Udhampur, Ramnagar (40.88), Chenani (37.08), Surankote (27) ande Mendhar (24) by 2 pm.
Though the polling was picking up in nine constituencies in the Valley, its percentage was less than that in Jammu region.
The highest 30.88 per cent polling was registered in Lolab, followed by Handwara (30.40), Noorabad (30.05)and Devsar (30). In Kupwara, it was 29.82 per cent, Karnah (22.87). Langate (22.77), Kulgam (28.14), and Home Shalibnugh (11.39).
Over 15 lakh electorate will decide the fate of 175 candidates including four sitting ministers, former Separatist leader Sajjad Lone and various sitting and former legislators.
The fate of Sakina Itoo, the lone woman minister in Omar Abdullah Cabinet, and  M Y Tarigami, CPI (M) face in Kashmir, will also be decided by the electorate today.
With the deployment of nearly 200 additional companioes of paramilitary forces each in Jammu and Valley, intensified security arrangements have been put in place for the second phase of Assembly polls in view of spurt in incidents of terrorist attacks during the past one week.
To monitor situation, Army chief General Dalbir Singh himself is visiting Jammu, where nine Assembly constituencies are going to polls in Udhampur, Reasi and Poonch districts.
He will review the situation at Nagrota based 16 corps headquarters and also fly to Akhnoor and Rajouri during  the day.
According to DIG Udhampur, Reasi range, Garib Dass, 130 additional companies of paramilitary forces have been deployed in six Assembly constituencies of both the districts. He said that all exit and incoming routes to both the constituencies have been sealed as precautionary measure.
After a record over 70 per cent polling during first phase of Assembly elections in Kashmir, there had been spurt in terrorist activity in the region. Four terrorists sneaked into Arnia from across the international border, killing three Armymen and five civilians before getting killed last week. This was followed by two IED explosions along the LoC in Rajouri and Poonch districts resulting in injuries to an Army JCO, besides a grenade attack at Lal Chowk.
 

Second phase of polling begins in 20 Assembly constituencies inJharkhandBy: Press Trust of India | Ranchi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 9:14 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 1:52 pm
About 16.32 per cent turnout was recorded in the first two hours in 20 Jharkhand Assembly constituencies across seven Maoist-hit districts where polling was underway on Tuesday in the second phase.
Brisk polling was being reported from many places, an Election Commission official said.
“Long queues can be seen at several booths,” he said.
Barring the replacement of a defective EVM at one of the booths in the Jaganathpur assembly constituency, polling was going on smoothly and peacefully, the official said.
Amid tight security, polling began at 7 AM in all the 20 constituencies.
While voting will end at 3 PM in 18 constituencies, it will continue upto 5 PM at Jamshedpur (West) and Jamshedpur (East) seats, the official said.
A total of 44,31,900 voters, including 21,72,982 women, are eligible to cast their franchise in 5,048 polling stations. 223 candidates, including 35 women, are in the fray.
The EC has deployed 20 general observers, 10 expenditure observers, two police observers, two awareness observers and 512 micro observers for this phase of polling.
A total 349 polling stations have been selected for webcasting across the 20 constituencies.
Besides former chief ministers Arjun Munda (Kharsawan) and Madhu Koda (Majhgaon), former deputy chief minister Raghubar Das who is currently the national vice president of BJP (Jamshedpur East), three state ministers including Banna Gupta (Jamshedpur-West), Geetashree Oraon (Sisai), Champai Soren (Seraikella) and several sitting and former MLAs are trying their luck.
First phase polling was held in 13 Maoist-affected seats of the state on November 25 last which witnessed a turnout of 62 per cent. Five-stage elections are being held to the 81-member Jharkhand assembly
This is the third Assembly election in Jharkhand which was carved out of Bihar in 2000.
Brisk polling was reported in several of the 20 constituencies of seven Maoist-hit districts in Jharkhand where second-phase voting is on for the 81-seat Assembly on.
Polling was going on peacefully and 32.10 per cent of the total 44,31,900 voters exercised their franchise in the first four hours, Election Commission sources said.
Long queues were seen in the Maoist-hit areas, where election is being held amid tight security.
Till 11 AM, Baharagora constituency registered the maximum voter turnout of 44.38 per cent followed by Jagannathpur 43 per cent, Majhgaon 40 per cent and Tamar 29 per cent, the sources said.
Barring a defective EVM machine being replaced in Jaganathpur, polling is incident-free, the sources said.
Former Chief Minister Madhu Koda and his MLA wife Gita Koda cast their votes in Jaganathpur constituency.
While Koda is contesting from Majhgaon (ST) seat, his wife is fighting from Jaganathpur (ST) constituency.
Another former Chief Minister Arjun Munda and his wife Meera Munda also exercised his franchise from Kharsawan, from where he is contesting for the fifth time.
BJP Vice President and former deputy chief minister continued…

Nifty slips below 8550 ahead of RBI policy meetSensex starts on a cautious note ahead of RBI policy meet; Nifty slips below 8550
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 2, 2014, 09.28AM IST
Tags:
Bajaj Auto Ltd.
(At 09:20 a.m.; the 30-share…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex started on a cautious note on Tuesday, ahead of Reserve Bank of India's monetary policy review due later in the day. The fall in the index was led by losses in Infosys, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, M&M and Bajaj Auto.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also came under pressure and slipped below its crucial psychological support level of 8550, weighed down by losses in consumer durable, banks, IT and realty stocks.
At 09:20 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 28534.62, down 25 points or 0.09 per cent. It touched a high of 28536.64 and a low of 28474.09 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8547, down 10 points or 0.10 per cent. It touched a high of 8548.35 and a low of 8529.65 in trade today.
Most analysts expect the central bank to maintain status-quo on key policy rates on Tuesday. According to an ET Now poll, almost 80 per cent of respondents expect RBI to hold key policy rates on Tuesday, while only 20 per cent of bankers expect a repo rate cut of 25 bps.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.06 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged lower by 0.02 per cent.
Cipla (up 1.2 per cent), ONGC (up 1.2 per cent), ONGC (up 1.2 per cent), Sesa Sterlite (up 1.01 per cent) and NTPC (up 0.82 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
Bajaj Auto (down 1.7 per cent), Infosys (down 1.4 per cent), M&M (down 1.2 per cent), Hero MotoCorp (down 1.1 per cent) and ICICI Bank (down 0.63 per cent) were the major index losers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex  Nifty Edge Lower Ahead of RBI PolicyYou are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty Edge Lower Ahead of RBI Policy
NDTV | Updated On: December 02, 2014 09:48 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Indian stock markets opened lower on Tuesday tracking weak global cues. Crude oil prices bounced from five-year lows hit on Monday putting pressure on equities.
The Reserve Bank's bi-monthly credit policy announcement will be the big focus for domestic equities today. There is a consensus among economists that the central bank will not cut repo rate today. However, rate sensitive stocks have outperformed in the run up to the policy announcement.
Banks, auto and realty stocks fell in morning trade today. The Bank Nifty was down 0.4 per cent, while the CNX Auto index and Realty index were down around half a per cent each.
ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank fell nearly 0.7 per cent, while the state-owned Union Bank of India declined over 1 per cent.
Bajaj Auto fell over 2 per cent as its motorcycle sales for the month of November fell 6 per cent year-on-year to 2.6 lakh units. The stock was the top loser in Nifty.
Infosys fell nearly 2 per cent as the stock went ex-bonus today. The company had announced one bonus share for every one share held in the company. Those who will buy shares of Infosys today will not be eligible to get bonus shares of Infosys.
Among gainers, upstream oil companies like ONGC and Cairn India advanced between 1 per cent to 2 per cent as crude oil prices rebounded.
On Monday, both domestic and foreign investors were net sellers of Indian equities. Domestic investors sold stocks worth Rs 555 crore, while foreign investors were net sellers to the tune of Rs 12 crore.
The Nifty fell 11 points to 8,545, while the Sensex was down 28 points at 28,531 as of 9.28 a.m.
Story first published on: December 02, 2014 09:48 (IST)

Movie Studio s Hacked Documents Reveal Huge Gender And Race GapHacked documents reveal a Hollywood studio’s stunning gender and race gap
Photo: Amy Pascal and Michael Lynton by Gilbert Carrasquillo/FilmMagic/Getty
Hacked documents reveal a Hollywood studio’s stunning gender and race gap
By        Kevin Roose
Share
Sony Pictures Entertainment, one of the largest film studios in Hollywood, appears to have been the subject of a massive, devastating computer hack. The hack, which came to light last week , included leaked full-length versions of five upcoming Sony Pictures films, along with a trove of sensitive internal documents, and a hijacking of Sony Pictures’ corporate Twitter account.
This morning, I received a link to a public Pastebin file containing the documents from an anonymous e-mailer, and have spent hours poring through some of them. I’ll spend more time in the days ahead. (Update: the leaks include thousands of social security numbers and personnel files .) But one interesting tidbit caught my eye: a spreadsheet containing the salaries of more than 6,000 Sony Pictures employees, including the company’s top executives.
Authorities still aren’t sure who is behind the hack, although a group calling itself “GOP” (Guardians of Peace) is claiming credit for the leaks, which they said totaled “tens of terabytes.” Sony Pictures, which hasn’t confirmed or denied the veracity of the leaked documents, is reportedly investigating whether North Korea could be involved. “The theft of Sony Pictures Entertainment content is a criminal matter, and we are working closely with law enforcement to address it,” a company spokesman told the Washington Post .
The salary list is contained in a spreadsheet from the leak entitled “Comp Roster by Supervisory Organization 2014-10-21.” The spreadsheet appears to contain incredibly detailed data about the compensation plans of Sony Pictures employees, including those employees’ names, job titles, home addresses, bonus plans, and current salaries.
Normally, this wouldn’t be particularly enlightening information for anyone but industry gossips and voyeurs. But when I sorted the list by “annual rate,” I noticed something notable: a stark homogeneity among the people earning the most. Based on the spreadsheet (and bear in mind that these numbers are unconfirmed – Sony Pictures didn’t respond immediately to a request for comment), the employees of Sony Pictures with the highest annual rates appear to be nearly entirely white men.
According to the leaked data, there are seventeen U.S. employees of Sony Pictures with “annual rates” of $1 million or more. Of these seventeen, only one – Amy B. Pascal, the co-chair of Sony Pictures Entertainment and chairman of SPE’s Motion Picture Group – is a woman. Pascal’s annual rate is $3 million, according to the spreadsheet, the highest on the list, and the same amount earned by Sony Entertainment CEO Michael Lynton.
The rest of the $1 million-plus club is as follows:
One other observation to make about Sony Pictures’ top-paid executives is that they’re almost entirely white. From some quick Internet searching, fifteen of the seventeen appear to be Caucasian, one (Dwight R. Caines) appears to be African-American, and one (Man Jit Singh) appears to be South Asian. (I’ll update these numbers when and if I hear back from Sony Pictures.) In other words, unless I’m missing something, the upper pay echelon of Sony Pictures is 94 percent male, and 88 percent white.
Under U.S. law, companies are required to disclose the pay packages of some high-ranking executives and board members in their proxy statements. And, of course, you could have looked at Sony Pictures’ public list of senior leaders  to get a sense of who’s on top. But the Sony Pictures hack appears to have shed light on something the public rarely gets – an unfiltered look at exactly who’s making what within a large corporation.
Sony Pictures isn’t alone in having a predominantly white, predominantly male leadership, or paying its top executives multiples of what other employees make. But the numbers leaked in the recent hack – assuming they’re accurate – would mean that the top ranks of one major Hollywood studio are perhaps even less diverse than those of Silicon Valley tech companies and large Wall Street banks . After it patches up its security measures, that’s another problem Sony Pictures may have to reckon with.
Share

Mkt may be in a limbo ahead of RBI policy; to open in redMkt may be in a limbo ahead of RBI policy; to open in red
LPG price hiked by Rs 16.50 per cylinderLPG price hiked by Rs 16.50 per cylinder
Markets lacklustre ahead of RBI policyHi Guest
Markets at close: Sensex, Nifty fall as RBI dashes rate cut hope
The 30-share Sensex closed down 115 points at 28,444 and the 50-share Nifty ended down 31 points at 8,524.   Markets ended lower weighed down by IT majors while rate sensitive shares witnessed profit taking after the Reserve Bank of India decided to keep key rates unchanged at its policy review on Tuesday.The 30-share Sensex closed down 115 points at 28,444 and the 50-share Nifty ended down 31 points at 8,524.   In the broader market, both BSE midcap and smallcap indices with gains of ...

Today s picks: Asian Paints  Jindal Steel  Cairn IndiaToday s picks: Asian Paints  Jindal Steel  Cairn India
Buy Shasun Chemicals & Drugs Ltd with a target of Rs 272: Kunal BothraBuy Shasun Chemicals & Drugs Ltd with a target of Rs 272: Kunal Bothra
SPARC surges on getting complete response letter from FDA for LatanoprostSPARC surges on getting complete response letter from FDA for Latanoprost
BJP  Shiv Sena finalize power sharing formula in MaharashtraBJP  Shiv Sena finalize power sharing formula in Maharashtra
Panel wants talks with states before B desh land swapPanel wants talks with states before B desh land swap
Australia reschedules India cricket tests after Phillip Hughes s deathAustralia reschedules India cricket tests after Phillip Hughes s death
Brent crude slips below $72 after sharp rallyBrent crude slips below $72 after sharp rally
Reuters
Tweet
Singapore, Dec 2:  
Brent crude slipped below $72 a barrel on Tuesday, giving up some of the gains seen on Monday, when the prices rallied for the first time in six sessions and closed up more than 3 per cent.
Oil futures on both sides of the Atlantic have plunged close to 40 per cent over the past five months, also their longest string of monthly losses since the 2008 global financial crisis, as supply growth led by the US shale oil boom exceeded demand.
A decision by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries to maintain output has further pummelled prices.
Brent crude dipped 64 cents to $71.90 a barrel by 0327 GMT. US crude fell 57 cents to $68.43 a barrel.
“Saudi Arabia and OPEC no longer have the mechanism to balance markets from the supply side,’’ said Mark Keenan, head of commodities research Asia at Societe Generale.
“Markets will have to balance themselves. As they learn how to do that, volatility will be very elevated.’’
Both contracts touched five-year lows on Monday before surging to post their first gain in about one week.
“Yesterday much of the move higher right across the entire commodity complex ... suggests that there was a strong element of people increasing their allocation to commodities, taking advantage of these low prices,’’ Keenan said.
Investors’ portfolio adjustments are usually done at the start of the month, he added.
Falling crude prices are an unprecedented test for the producers of unconventional oil, head of the International Energy Agency (IEA) told Reuters on Monday.
“Breakeven varies from block to block,’’ IEA Executive Director Maria van der Hoeven said in an interview. “Light tight oil producers in the US, Canadian oil sands are achieving impressive cost savings. We have to wait and see.’’
As crude prices tumble, offshore drillers globally are increasingly considering “warm stacking’’ their rigs to take them temporarily off the market.
Norway’s Statoil has postponed a decision to invest 40 billion crowns in a mature field.
US oil producers have been racing full-speed ahead to drill new shale wells in recent years, even in the face of lower oil prices. But new data suggests that the much-anticipated slowdown in shale country may have finally arrived.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Markets live: Sensex down 106 points; All eyes on RBI monetary policyMarkets live: Sensex sheds 116 points on profit-taking; IT, auto stocks skid
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 2:  
3.30 pmIndian equity markets fell for a second consecutive session on Tuesday, as software services exporters declined on rupee's strength and as investors booked profits after the central bank kept interest rates unchanged, although it signalled potential rate cuts by early 2015.
The Sensex fell 115.61 points or 0.4 per cent to 28,444.01 and the Nifty ended down by 31.2 points or 0.36 per cent at 8,524.70.
Rupee up The rupee was trading strong at 61.87
Sectoral indices IT and auto indices fell the most by 1.48 per cent and 1.05 per cent, respectively, followed by TECk 0.93 per cent and oil & gas 0.66 per cent.
Metal and healthcare indices were the star-performers and were up 1.2 per cent and 0.94 per cent, respectively, followed by capital goods 0.73 per cent and FMCG 0.65 per cent..
BSE gainers, losers Hindalco (2.51%), Bharti Airtel (1.81%), L&T (1.12%), SSLT (1.1%) and ICICI Bank (0.74%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were GAIL (2.85%), M&M (2.36%), Infosys (2.18%), HDFC (1.51%) and TCS (1.38%).
Is the global economy heading for a slowdown? China’s PMI tumbles, factory output has slowed even in France and Germany in November...
— Rajalakshmi Nirmal (@crajalakshmic) December 2, 2014
3.04 pmThe Sensex and the Nifty were trading lower by nearly 0.3 per cent at the pre-close session amid firm global cues.
The Sensex was trading down by 95.28 points at 28,464.34 and the Nifty was trading lower by 21.95 points at 8,533.95.
Sectoral indices IT and auto indices fell the most by 1.35 per cent and 1.00 per cent, respectively, followed by TECk 0.82 per cent and oil & gas 0.71 per cent.
Metal and healthcare indices were the star-performers and were up 1.29 per cent and 0.92 per cent, respectively, followed by capital goods 0.72 per cent and FMCG 0.68 per cent..
BSE gainers, losers Hindalco (2.12%), Bharti Airtel (1.87%), SSLT (1.15%), L&T (1.01%) and Sun Pharma (0.8%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were GAIL (3.15%), M&M (2.23%), Infosys (2.11%), Bajaj Auto (1.53%) and HDFC (-1.41%).
The Nifty call Go short with stop-loss at 8,590
European markets European stocks rose amid an increase in M&A and as investors weighed stimulus prospects ahead of the European Central Bank meeting this week.
Stoxx 50 was up 19.16 points or 0.59 per cent at 3,252.07 and FTSE 100 rose 76.39 points or 1.15 per cent to 6,732.76.
2.15 pmProfit-taking by funds and retail investors led the Sensex and the Nifty trade lower by nearly 0.3 per cent.
The BSE benchmark Sensex was trading at 28,477.96, down 81.66 points and the NSE index Nifty was trading at 8,531.50, down 24.4 points.
Sectoral indices IT and auto indices fell the most by 1.1 per cent and 1.08 per cent, respectively, followed by TECk 0.71 per cent and oil & gas 0.31 per cent.
Metal and healthcare indices were the star-performers and were up 1.29 per cent and 1.24 per cent, respectively.
BSE gainers, losers Hindalco (+2.27%), SSLT (+1.72%), L&T (+1.46%), Bharti Airtel (+1.28%) Sun Pharma (+1.19%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were M&M (-2.32%), Infosys (-1.93%), GAIL (-1.67%), Bajaj Auto (-1.61%) and Tata Motors (-1.05%).
Oil retailers down Stocks of oil retailing companies were down by nearly 3 per cent as the Government has hiked the excise duty on petrol by Rs. 2.25 a litre, and on diesel by Rs. 1 a litre effective tonight.
Excise duty hiked Petrol, diesel excise duty hiked
European stocks rose amid an increase in M&A and as investors weighed stimulus prospects ahead of the European Central Bank meeting this week.
1.42 pmThe Sensex and the Nifty were trading down by nearly 0.5 per cent due to profit-taking in blue-chips amid firm global cues.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex was trading down by 125.98 points at 28,433.64 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty was trading lower by 38.95 points at 8,516.95.
Sectoral indices IT and auto indices fell the most by 1.13 per cent, followed by TECk 0.7 per cent and consumer durables 0.38 per cent. Metal (+1.15%), healthcare (+0.95%) and capital goods (+0.55%) indices remained investors' favourite.
BSE gainers, losers SSLT (+1.79%), Hindalco (+1.56%), Bharti Airtel (+1.26%), L&T (+1.06%) and Tata Steel (+0.95%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were M&M (-2.71%), Infosys (-1.79%), Bajaj Auto (-1.53%), Tata Steel (-1.27%) and HDFC (-1.22%).
12.40 pmThe Nifty and the Sensex were trading down by over 0.4 per cent. The Nifty was trading at 8,522, down 34 points, and the Sensex at 28,443, down 117 points.
Volatility Index, India Vix was at 13.06, down 1.06 per cent.
Sectoral indices such as auto, finance, IT, realty and services were in the red.
Top five gainers on the Nifty were JIndal Steel, NMDC, Cairn India, Sesa Sterlite and PNB.
European indices, FTSE-100, CAC-40 and DAX were in the red.
12.16 pmThe Sensex and the Nifty were trading down by nearly 0.4 per cent on heavy selling in auto, IT and TECk stocks despite firm global cues.
The BSE benchmark Sensex fell 120.76 points to trade at 28,438.86 and the NSE index Nifty moved down by 34.89 points at 8,521.10.
Trading was highly volatile despite RBI announcing that it would cut interest rates early next year.
According to Monetary Policy, Threats to infl. from poor north-east monsoon, removal of base effect and changes in cmdty prices remain.
— lokeshwarri sk (@lokeshwarri) December 2, 2014
Sectoral indices Auto index fell the most by 1.17 per cent, followed by IT 0.93 per cent and TECk 0.6 per cent, while metal (0.62 per cent), capital goods (0.6 per cent) and healthcare (0.56 per cent) indices remained investors' favourite.

BJP  Shiv Sena finalise power sharing formula in MaharashtraBJP, Shiv Sena finalise power sharing formula in Maharashtra
ANI | Mumbai Dec 02, 2014 09:28 AM IST
Leaders of the Bharatiya Janata Party and the Shiv Sena have reportedly finalised a power sharing formula that could see the latter joining the Devendra Fadnavis-led Maharashtra Government as also the government at the Centre.
The power-sharing formula, according to media reports, was arrived at late last night between Shiv Sena and BJP leaders at Fadnavis's official residence 'Varsha' in South Mumbai.
At the meeting, the Shiv Sena was represented by Subhash Desai and Anil Desai, while the BJP delegation at the talks included Fadnavis and senior ministers Sudhir Mungantiwar, Vinod Tawde, and Chandrakant Patil.
Tawde later told media that various power sharing formulas were discussed during the meeting and eventually one of them was agreed upon.
He said top leaders of both parties will discuss the formula today and then take a final call on whether to go ahead with it or not.
On Monday, Fadnavis had expressed confidence that a positive outcome would emerge out of the talks with the Shiv Sena on the allotment of portfolios.
He said negotiations were heading in a positive direction, and added that the Shiv Sena was almost in agreement with the BJP's 2:1 seat sharing formula.

Govt expects 10 cr Jan Dhan bank accounts by Jan 2015Story
Govt expects 10 crore Jan Dhan bank accounts to be opened by Jan 2015, says Arun Jaitley
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 28, 2014  | 17:52 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
The government is hopeful that ten crore people will be covered under the Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) by January 26, 2015 as nearly eight crore people have opened bank accounts under the  financial inclusion scheme, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley told Lok Sabha on Friday.
"Government's target is to cover 7.5 crore household by January 26 and that means our target is to ensure opening of account by 10 crore people. About a day or two ago, 7.98 crore people have opened their accounts and we hope that by January 26, ten crore people will be able to open the account," Jaitley said during Question Hour.
The Finance Minister said government's target was not villages only but to cover every household of every village under the PMJDY.
"Besides, we are trying to open ATMs if not a branch in every area and also want to cover every village through business correspondent. Through this way, we want to expand the banking network in the country," Jiatley said.
The Finance Minister said the government will ensure that no one takes wrong advantage of the scheme which is targeted at the weaker sections of the society.
The Jan-Dhan Yojana envisages universal access to banking facilities with at least one basic banking account for every household, financial literacy, access to credit, insurance and pension.
Jaitley said the beneficiaries would get a RuPay Debit card having inbuilt accident insurance cover of Rs one lakh. In addition, there is life insurance cover of Rs 30,000 to those people who open their accounts for the first time and meet other eligibility conditions of the scheme.
"The card holder would also get overdraft facility of Rs 5,000 depending on the repaying capacity of the customer.
These are incentives and we have reached the target due to the incentives," the Finance Minister said.
Jiatley said life and accident cover was applicable for everyone and that was the right of the customer. In case of other benefits, like loan, banks have been asked to take a liberal approach.
In case of migrant labourers and others, the simplified KYC norms of the Reserve Bnak of India (RBI) require only one proof of address (either current or permanent) while opening a bank account or while undergoing periodic updation.
"Banks have been directed to preferably use Aadhar enabled e-KYC facility in order to open the accounts of all beneficiaries including migrant workers and illiterate persons who have Aadhar numbers," the Finance Minister said.

PSU banks to get autonomy in appointment of auditorsState-run banks to get autonomy in appointment of auditors
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 29, 2014  | 16:28 IST
State Bank of India had 14 statutory auditors for the financial year 2013-14 (Photo: Reuters)
State-run banks would get autonomy in selection and appointment Statutory Central Auditors (SCAs) from next financial year.
At the moment, auditors are being appointed by a panel headed by Additional Secretary of Department of Financial Services, Indian Banks' Association Chairman and representative of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG).
"In order to give autonomy to the Public Sector Banks (PSBs) on the issue of selection and appointment of SCAs, the work of selection and appointment of SCAs henceforth, has been delegated to individual PSBs for the year 2014-15 onwards," an official statement said on Friday.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will provide the selection criteria for selecting SCAs to PSBs , it said.
"The office of CAG will provide the list of eligible auditors available with them and PSBs can make selection out of the list with the prior approval of RBI," the statement added.
Number of statutory auditors varies based on the size of the balance sheet of a bank.
State Bank of India had 14 statutory auditors for the financial year 2013-14, Punjab National Bank had 6 statutory auditors while United Bank of India had 4 auditors.

Sebi asks NVD Solar to refund Rs 595 cr to investorsSebi asks Kolkata-based NVD Solar to refund Rs 595 crore to investors
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 1, 2014  | 11:55 IST
Photo: Reuters
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has in a major crackdown directed Kolkata-based NVD Solar to refund close to Rs 600 crore that the company had illegally raised from the public.
In an order issued on November 27, Sebi set a three-month deadline for the return of the money with 15 per cent interest and barred NVD Solar and its directors from raising money in the capital market for three years from the date of completion of the refund.
The market regulator found that the company had raised money from the public without being listed on the stock exchanges.
A Sebi probe found that NVD Solar had raised Rs 595 crore through issuance of fresh equity shares to 1,09,480 entities during 2012-13 without complying with the regulatory provisions applicable for a public issue.
NVD Solar and its directors-Saibal Kumar Hazra, Subrata Kumar Mondal and Dipsekhar Mukherjee-have been asked to jointly and severally refund the entire amount of Rs 595 crore to the subscribers of its equity shares.
The three directors have also been restrained from associating themselves with any listed public company and any public company which intends to raise money from the public.
Interestingly, the company had initially denied that it had raised any money from the public.
However, the balance sheet of NVD Solar for the year ending March 31, 2013, showed that the money received from the issue of the equity shares was shown to be invested almost entirely in its associate companies.
Pursuant to allotment of equity shares by the company to 1,09,480 entities for an amount of Rs 595 crore, its share capital increased from Rs 2 crore to Rs 600 crore in 2012-13.
In October 2013, KPH Dream Cricket, owners of the IPL franchise Kings XI Punjab, had filed a criminal complaint against NVD Solar, the title sponsor, alleging the Group of cheating and duping them of around Rs 14 crore which they were supposed to pay as per the contract.

15 000 robots to help Amazon this holiday seasonAmazon looks to 15,000 robots to make faster deliveries this holiday season
Deepa Sitharaman     Tracy, California   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 11:01 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Amazon.com has installed more than 15,000 robots across 10 US warehouses, a move that promises to cut operating costs by one-fifth and get packages out the door more quickly in the run-up to Christmas.
The orange 320-pound (145 kg) robots, which scoot around the floor on wheels, show how Amazon has adopted technology developed by Kiva Systems, a robotics company it bought for US $775 million in 2012. Amazon showcased to media on Sunday ahead of Cyber Monday, the biggest online shopping day of the year.
The robots are designed to help the leading US-based e-tailer speed the time it takes to deliver items to customers and better compete with brick-and-mortar stores , where the bulk of Americans still do their shopping.
The robots also may help Amazon avoid the mishaps of 2013's holiday season, when a surge of packages overwhelmed shipping and logistics company UPS and delayed the arrival of Christmas presents around the globe. Amazon offered shipping refunds and US $20 gift cards to compensate customers.
KNOW MORE: About Amazon's army of Kiva robots
Amazon deployed the robots this summer, ahead of the key holiday quarter, when the company typically books about one-third of its annual revenue. The updated warehouses are in five US states - California, Texas, Florida, New Jersey and Washington.
The move comes at a cost. Amazon estimated in June 2013 that it would spend about US $46 million to install Kiva robots at its warehouse in Ruskin, Florida, including US $26.1 million for the equipment, according to company filings to the local government.
The Kiva robots have allowed Amazon to hold about 50 per cent more items and shorten the time it takes to offer same-day delivery in several areas, said Dave Clark, senior vice president of worldwide operations and customer services.
At Amazon's warehouse in Tracy, California, workers stack goods in shelves carried by more than 1,500 Kiva robots, which use markings on the floor to navigate and form a "big block of inventory," Clark said.
Squeezing the racks of items closely together eliminates the need for workers to navigate aisles to collect items ordered by consumers . Now, a worker calls for specific items and the robot steers itself to their particular work station. Each robot can carry as much as 720 pounds.
In some cases, the robots have allowed Amazon to get packages out the door in as little as 13 minutes from the pick stations, compared to about an hour and a half on average in older centres.
"It's certainly proving out that it's justified itself," Clark said of the Kiva acquisition. "We're happy with the economics of it."
(Reuters)

LPG rate slashed by Rs 113 as crude fallsLPG rate slashed by Rs 113 as crude oil falls
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 08:31 IST
Price of non-subsidised cooking gas (LPG) was cut by a steep Rs 113 per cylinder and that of jet fuel by 4.1 per cent on Monday as crude oil prices in the international market dropped to a five-year low with Brent crude falling below $68 before eventually settling at $70.07. A 14.2-kg cylinder of nonsubsidised LPG will now cost Rs 752, down from Rs 865, in Delhi, oil companies announced.
This is the fifth straight reduction in rates of non-subsidised or market priced LPG , which customers buy after exhausting their quota of 12 cylinders at subsidised rates, since August.
In five monthly reduction, non-domestic LPG rates have been slashed by Rs 170.5 per cylinder bringing the price at three-year lows. On similar lines, the price of jet fuel in Delhi was cut by Rs 2,594.93 per kilolitre, or 4.1 per cent, to Rs  59,943.
This is the fifth straight monthly reduction in rates. This reduction follows a steep 7.3-per cent, or Rs  4,987.7 per kilolitre, cut in prices on November 1. Since August, ATF prices have been cut by 14.5 per cent and rates have dipped below Rs 60,000 per kilolitre for the first time in three years.
Crude oil prices have been falling steadily for five months giving respite to countries like India that import close to 80 per cent of their crude requirement. Petroleum ministry figures show that the price of the Indian basket of crude imports, comprising cheap high sulphur Dubai varieties and sweet crude of the Brent quality, came down to $70.29 per barrel on November 28 and is expected to come down further.
Losses on sale of subsidised LPG and kerosene have dropped by 21 per cent to Rs 148 crore per day. State-run oil firms were losing Rs 188 crore a day during November.
The losses have come down to Rs  25.69 on sale of every litre of kerosene through the Public Distribution System (PDS) and Rs 279.91 per 14.2 kg of domestic cooking gas, according to an official statement.
These are lower than Rs 27.60 a litre loss oil firms were incurring on sale through PDS in November and Rs 393.50 per LPG cylinder.

China wants to push polluting  sunset  industries to India"China's sunset industries are where India's hope lies," the article by Ding Gang, a senior editor of People's Daily, the main organ of the Communist Party, said. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: The best way to turn Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' a success is to absorb sunset industries with low technologies, which China is pushing out, according to an article in the Global Times newspaper, which is one of the organs of the Chinese Communist Party .
"China's sunset industries are where India's hope lies," the article by Ding Gang, a senior editor of People's Daily, the main organ of the Communist Party, said.
Hiding the fact that it is Chinese companies that are desperate to relocate their plants to India and other neighboring countries, the article advises the Modi government to learn from China's success in the manufacturing sector.
China has launched a massive drive to relocate outdated and polluting technologies to neighboring countries including Vietnam, Laos and Bangladesh. It is now looking at India at a possible location because of the advantages made available under the 'Make in India' policy.
But Chinese companies have faced severe resistance in the form of anti-China riots in Vietnam some months back.
Leaders and businessmen from different Chinese provinces are visiting India looking for opportunities in sectors like textiles, chemicals, iron and steel, low-end motors and machines. They ran desperate to deal with overcapacity and rising production costs by transferring plants to India and other countries.
"What India needs is move into products that China has been making but lacks advantages in doing so compared with India. In other words, China's sunset industries are where India's hope lies," the article said.
It did not mention the disadvantages faced by Chinese industries which include government censure for high-polluting industries, and rising cost of labor, land and components.
"However, New Delhi's strict control and regulation have set obstacles for Chinese enterprises to enter its market in recent years. For example, some textile firms would rather choose Vietnam, Cambodia and even Myanmar as their investment destinations," the article said.
"India has a lot of disadvantages in developing its manufacturing industry. For instance, its market has yet to be open enough to foreign capital; it has too many small enterprises and a poorly educated workforce," it said.
The Chinese desperation is relocating industries was evident as the article said, "Chinese corporations that manufacture these products can bring not only capital and order, but also technologies, managerial expertise, market and support in other arenas".
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Six ways to help you save tax next time you pay itSix ways to help you save tax next time you pay it
ET Bureau Dec 1, 2014, 10.21AM IST
Tags:
DDT
(Faulty investment strategies…)
Everybody complains about high taxes, but in the lowerand mid-income groups, the effective tax rate is not very high. A person with a taxable income of Rs 40,000 a month will pay only 3.2% of his income in tax.
Someone earning Rs 80,000 a month will pay 9.5%. This assumes that these taxpayers will invest at least 15% of their income in tax-saving options under Section 80C.
Yet, many taxpayers believe they are paying too much tax. They could be right. Faulty investment strategies, poor awareness about tax rules and tardiness could be exacting a high tax from some of the individuals.
One of the most common reasons for paying higher tax is the inability to avail of the full deduction under Section 80C. If you procrastinate tax planning and wake up at the end of February, there's a good chance that you won't be able to utilise the entire Rs 1.5 lakh tax-saving limit. "If you save regularly, you won't face any problem at the end of the financial year," advises Sudhir Kaushik, Cofounder and Chief Financial Officer of tax filing portal Taxspanner.com. Last year, Taxspanner noted that nearly 51% of the salaried taxpayers who used their portal to file tax returns had not fully exhausted the Rs 1 lakh saving limit under Section 80C. The figure might be higher next year because this year's budget has enhanced the saving limit to Rs 1.5 lakh.
This week's cover story looks at some of the most common reasons that taxpayers end up paying more tax. We also offer suggestions on how to avoid this higher outgo of tax by realigning investments and optimising the tax deductions that are available. If you are also following a faulty investment strategy or are not aware of the various rules that can help save tax, the nuggets of information in the following pages can prove invaluable for you.
Investing in tax-inefficient options
Fixed deposits are hot favourites of Indian investors. Nearly 56% of total household savings are parked in these deposits. But these are also very tax inefficient. The entire interest earned on the fixed deposit is taxed as income at the rate applicable to the investor. In the highest tax bracket, 30.9% tax pares the post-tax yield of these deposits significantly. Recurring deposits, infrastructure bonds and small saving schemes such as NSCs and the newly relaunched Kisan Vikas Patra get the same tax treatment.
  Patra get the same tax treatment. What's particularly galling is that you have to pay the tax on the interest that accrues every year, even though you might get the amount only on maturity. If you invested in a 10-year cumulative fixed deposit in April 2014, you will get the principal and the interest in 2024. But you will have to pay tax on the interest it earns every year.
But there are other more tax efficient debt instruments on offer. Debt funds allow you to defer the tax till you withdraw the investment. If you hold them for three years, you also get the benefit of lower tax. The income from debt funds is treated as long-term capital gains after three years and taxed at 20% after indexation.
Indexation takes into account the inflation during the holding period and accordingly adjusts the buying price to reduce the tax liability of the investor. An investor in the 30% tax bracket would have to pay Rs 9,670 in tax on a 3-year fixed deposit of Rs 1 lakh. But if he invests in a debt mutual fund or a 3-year FMP, he can get away by paying a tax of only Rs 175.
Many investors like Rajesh Varma (see picture) are not aware of debt funds and the benefits they offer. They are under the misconception that mutual funds only invest in stocks. It would save them a lot of tax if they replace the fixed deposits in their portfolios with debt schemes.
Not utilising HRA benefit
The house rent allowance (HRA) is usually a substantial chunk of the salary. Those living in rented accommodation can avail of deduction under Section 10(13A). If you live in your own house, you can't avail of this deduction. However, if you live in your parents' house, there is a way out. You can pay them rent and claim HRA exemption. This is possible only if the property is registered in the name of your parent. This is a useful strategy if you are in the higher tax bracket and your parent's income is lower.
Your parent will be taxed for the rental income after a 30% deduction. So, if you pay your father a rent of Rs 4.2 lakh a year (Rs 35,000 a month), he will be taxed for only Rs 2.94 lakh. If the parent is a senior citizen with no other taxable income, one can effectively pay Rs 35,700 a month without adding a rupee to his tax liability. Mumbai-based Gargi Jain uses this clause very effectively to reduce her tax liability.
Even if the income exceeds the basic exemption limit of Rs 3 lakh for a senior citizen, the tax rate will be only 10% for income up to Rs 5 lakh. High income earners may find it cost-effective to pay rent to their parents and pay the applicable tax.

Is your debt fund taking too much risk Here s what to doIs your debt fund taking too much risk? Here's what to do
By Sanket Dhanorkar , ET Bureau | 1 Dec, 2014, 08.00AM IST
Some short-term debt funds have sharply increased their exposure to risky, lower rated bonds in recent months, while reducing the same to safer AAA-rated bonds. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Debt funds have given very good returns in recent months. However, if you are planning to invest in them, take a closer look at the portfolio before opting for the best performing scheme. The higher returns may be due to the fund manager taking more risk than you are comfortable with.
Some short-term debt funds have sharply increased their exposure to risky, lower rated bonds in recent months, while reducing the same to safer AAA-rated bonds . The category now has 6.46% of its assets in A-rated paper, the highest exposure to this grade of bonds in the past five years. At the same time, the exposure of the category to AAArated paper has declined from 98.68% five years ago to a low of 69.05% now. Some funds have 30-40% of their assets in A-rated bonds.
The credit rating denotes the credit worthiness of the issuer of debt instruments—the lower the rating, the higher the risk of default by the issuer. In the credit quality ladder, A-rated paper falls below AAA- and AA-rated papers. Even though this doesn't make them very risky, they are obviously not as safe as the AAA- or AA-rated bonds. So the investors who had bought shortterm debt funds as tax-efficient alternatives to fixed deposits may not be comfortable with the risk that these instruments carry.
The trend is visible in other categories as well, though to a lesser extent. The ultra short-term bond funds have 0.96% of their assets in A-rated bonds, while intermediate bond funds have 1.64%. Why have the funds adopted this strategy?
Clearly, the quest for higher yields has led fund managers to venture into these lower rated bonds. The prolonged high interest rate environment has deprived the debt market of opportunities to increase returns. Fund managers can either boost the returns by opting for long-term bonds (which are more sensitive to interest rate changes and, therefore, have the potential to give higher returns in case of fall in rates) or increase the exposure to lower quality bonds that offer higher yields.
The yields of A-rated bonds are typically 2-3 percentage points higher than those of AAArated bonds. Experts reckon that the increase in exposure to lower rated bonds was driven by circumstances. "This is primarily because of the spike in interest rates in 2013, when the RBI was clearly not in a hurry to bring down the rates.
Most fund managers preferred to play down the credit ladder rather than play the duration strategy," says Niranjan Risbood, Director of Fund Research, Morningstar India. "The five-year spread on AAA-rated paper over gilt has narrowed significantly. In this situation, when the yield curve falls, fund managers have little choice but to opt for lower quality paper, which offers a higher spread," says Vidya Bala, Head, Research, FundsIndia.
However, this strategy has a flipside because the exposure to low quality paper enhances the risk profile of the fund. "If the issuer is unable to return the capital at the time of maturity, the funds will take a hit. The entire investment could be wiped out, eroding the NAV of the fund," cautions Risbood. Besides, liquidity can be an issue with lower rated instruments. As these are not traded too much, a large-scale redemption may force the fund manager to sell them at significant discounts.
Meanwhile, the holding in AA-rated bonds has also increased, but experts are not worried. "Many of these are carefully chosen instruments issued by good companies, whose ability to service debt is no lesser than an AAA-rated company," says Bala. The increased exposure to AA-rated paper is also a sign of confidence in the corporate recovery. Many companies have started deleveraging and the quality of the paper issued has actually gone up though they have not been re-rated. Even so, investors should ascertain the risk before taking a decision. Says Risbood: "Ensure the fund house has good credit assessment ability while opting for any scheme."

Taking a housing loan: Should one opt for home loan insuranceEMI
(Home loan insurance is generally…)
Thirty-two-year-old Abhinav Sinha has just got married and is thinking of taking a home loan for a two-bedroom house. The tenure of the loan will be 20 years and Sinha will be paying the EMIs from his income. Though his wife is also a working professional, Sinha is worried that if he were to meet with an eventuality, his wife would be saddled with the responsibility of paying the debt. Should he consider taking a home loan insurance?
It is likely that Sinha's home loan company proposes an insurance to cover his loan liability. It is a good idea to take such a policy since it reduces the risk for the family. Though Sinha's wife also works, paying a huge, long-term debt may throw her finances in a disarray, especially when he is not around. The last thing he would want is for the lender to foreclose the house.
Home loan insurance is generally offered for the tenure of the loan. It covers the amount owed to the lender at the time of the borrower's death. In effect, the cover keeps reducing with the payment of the EMIs, which cuts the outstanding loan amount. The premium broadly depends on the age and medical history of the borrower, the loan amount, and its tenure. The premium is typically a one-time payment. Sinha gets an option to pay the amount with his own finances or let the lender pay it on his behalf. In case he goes for the second option, his EMI will rise to the extent of the premium paid.
Owning a house is a common goal and a home loan helps people reach it. However, it requires a longterm commitment and, therefore, exposes the borrower's family to financial risks. This liability needs to be repaid to the lender, whether the borrower is alive or not.
A home loan insurance plan helps mitigate the risks for Sinha as it will ensure that the insurance company pays the outstanding loan amount in case he is no longer there. It will protect his family from any additional financial burden.
(The content on this page is courtesy Centre for Investment Education and Learning (CIEL). Contributions by Girija Gadre, Arti Bhargava and Labdhi Mehta.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fadnavis may include Sena-run BMC to improve infra in MumbaiBJP
(Among the many pending multi-crore…)
MUMBAI: Good governance may be the professed article of faith for BJP's chief ministers, but that has not stopped them to use it for political purposes. The unresolved question of running its government with a comfortable majority, and ongoing talks with Uddhav for an alliance, appear to have prompted Devendra Fadnavis to take one of the most keenly watched decisions regarding Mumbai's infrastructure favourable to prospective ally Shiv Sena as part of his overall thrust on the state capital.
Among the many pending multi-crore infrastructure projects recently cleared by Fadnavis for the state capital is the controversial but Shiv Sena's pet favourite, coastal road project. Speaking to ET on the sidelines of 'ET Awards for Corporate Excellence' on Saturday, Fadnavis confirmed that the ambiguity about who will be the nodal agency for the project has been cleared.
"We will help expedite the project by granting state-level clearances, apart from pursuing with the Environment Ministry for related clearances, but the nodal agency will be the Municipal Corporation (of Mumbai),'' Fadnavis emphasised.
Sena has been arguing for years that the party-controlled BMC, which has been starved of any consequential multi-crore infra projects for several years, should be the nodal agency. But the state administration had not yet clarified its stand about it, weighing several options including letting private parties become project proponents or nodal agencies for the estimated.`10,000-crore worth project.
Acknowledging that his decision could play its own role, even if limited, in rebuilding bridges with its erstwhile ally, Fadnavis said, "Yes, it will play a role, in its own small way. We wish to include the Sena-run BMC in our efforts to improve infrastructure in Mumbai."
But Sena leaders are, for now, more focused on the details in the offer from BJP for joining the government. "As a gesture, it is fine. But Uddhavji has been talking with their representatives and a proposal for coalition from them has not yet been sent. Where do such gestures stand in such circumstances?" asked former negotiator for the Sena with BJP, Rajya Sabha MP Anil Desai.
On the drawing board, it appears to be a harmless stretch of 35 kilometers between Nariman Point and Kandivali. But the controversial idea mooted to ease traffic congestion has irked the environment ministry in the past, which refused the clearance.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Karnataka Minister turns butt of joke for busy day tweetYou are here: Home > Collections > Siddaramaiah
Karnataka minister Krishna Byre Gowda turns butt of joke for ‘busy day’ tweet
Sowmya Aji, ET Bureau Dec 1, 2014, 06.27AM IST
Tags:
Karnataka
(“Sorry, Mr Gowda, but…)
BANGALORE: Prime Minister Narendra Modi and most of his cabinet pride themselves on working extended hours, but is it such a big deal? It isn't, if you ask a Karnataka minister, who tweeted his "packed schedule" for Sunday, which, incidentally, involves attending wedding receptions.
Karnataka's minister of state for agriculture Krishna Byre Gowda , who is a part of Rahul Gandhi's inner circle, tweeted on Sunday morning: "Many people ask me, 'Do you work over the weekends !?' So, below is my schedule this weekend." He followed this up with another one, "All these in addition to attending to extra people who walk into my off during weekend mornings!"
Twitterati were quick to tear into Gowda for his "packed schedule that includes several functions to mark Rajyotsava, the state's foundation day, which is celebrated all through the month of November. It also includes his attending four wedding receptions in the evening.
"Sorry, Mr Gowda, but when did attending wedding reception became part of work?," came a reply by one of his Twitter followers.
Gowda's friends and supporters pointed out that he was only showing people that his schedule was as packed as any 'workaholic' minister in the Modi cabinet. "If Modi or his ministers state that they are very busy, does anyone question them? Our ministers are equally hard-working, it is just that they don't talk about it," a close friend of Gowda, who declined to be identified, told ET.
"This is an imitation of the West. In India, we never think weekends are important or for things to enjoy otherwise. It is corporatisation of politics," analyst Harish Ramaswamy told ET.
Ramaswamy said the earlier generation of politicians like Indira Gandhi hardly slept for three hours a day and worked through inhuman schedules without talking about it. "Never did they make a fuss about weekends. Every day is very important in politics. Even in the little free time that they had, they did not stop working on policy. India is not a structured polity like the US or UK, where things happen even when the politician is not there," Ramaswamy said.
Karnataka has, over the years, seen both types of politicians. While former Prime Minister HD Deve Gowda prided himself on sleeping only four hours and working non-stop -- although he has been caught napping at public functions -- his successor former chief minister JH Patel, made it clear that after 6 pm, every day, his hours were his own. The current CM, Siddaramaiah, is a mix of the two and tries to keep his Sunday afternoons free, meeting only personal visitors.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ONGC aims to start production by mid-2018 from KG-D5 blockONGC aims to start production by mid-2018 from KG-D5 block
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 11:01 IST
Photo: Reuters
State-owned Oil and Natural Gas (ONGC) is targeting mid-2018 for start of natural gas production from its Krishna Godavari basin KG-D5 block, Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan said on Monday.
ONGC is using cluster approach to bring oil and gas finds in the block KG-DWN-98/2 or KG-D5, which sits next to Reliance Industries' Bay of Bengal block KG-D6, to production by 2018-19, he told Lok Sabha in a written reply to a question.
"The block (KG-D5) is divided into the Northern Discovery Area (NDA) and Southern Discovery Area (SDA). Estimated reserves of NDA are 121 million tons of oil inplace and 78 billion cubic meter of initial gas in place and that of SDA are 80.9 bcm of intial gas in place," he said.
ONGC plans to develop the discoveries in the block in three clusters - 14.5 million standard cubic meters per day of gas for 15 years from Cluster-1 comprising of D&E finds of NDA in KG-D5 block and G-4 find in the a neighbouring area.
Cluster-2A mainly comprises of oil finds in NDA. "It is envisaged to drill 14 oil wells and 10 water injectors in this cluster and is expected to produce approximately 31.5 million tonnes of oil in 15 years with peak production rate of 91,000 barrels of oil per day," he said.
Cluster 2B, which is made up of four gas finds in NDA, envisages to produce peak production rate of 12.5 million standard cubic feet per day (mmscmd), with cumulative production of 32.5 bcm of gas in 14 years.
"Efforts to achieve first gas by mid-2018 and first oil by mid-2019 from above clusters are ongoing. Parallel execution of number of project activities are in progress to ensure fast track development of these fields," he said.
Pradhan said exercise to identify associated risks and appropriate mitigation measures are also being planned.
Cluster-3 is the UD-1 gas discovery in SDA.
"Considering the water depth (2400-3200 meters) and the constrained techno-economic solutions, execution of this Cluster-3 is presently not being pursued for development.
Scouting for suitable technology/solution for field development is in progress," he said.
ONGC and RIL won KG-D5 and KG-D6 block in the first round of auction under New Exploration Licensing Policy (NELP) in 2000. RIL began production from the oil discovery in KG-D6 in September 2008 and put gas find on production in April 2009.

http://usat.ly/11IwEeiFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Cutting the Cord: Smart TVs can be the ticket to 4K
"Cutting the Cord" is a regular column covering Net TV and ways to get it. If you have suggestions or questions, contact Mike Snider via e-mail. And follow him on Twitter: @MikeSnider
Post to Facebook
Cutting the Cord: Smart TVs can be the ticket to 4K "Cutting the Cord" is a regular column covering Net TV and ways to get it. If you have suggestions or questions, contact Mike Snider via e-mail. And follow him on Twitter: @MikeSnider Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1rFqvvY
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
10
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Cutting the Cord: Smart TVs can be the ticket to 4K
Mike Snider , USA TODAY 8:59 a.m. EST November 29, 2014
Samsung's 78-inch Ultra HD TV.
(Photo: Samsung)
115 CONNECT 82 TWEET 52 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Cord cutters may lead the way to 4K.
Broadband homes that use Net-delivered video services such as Netflix and Amazon rather than traditional pay-TV services could help drive consumer acceptance of the higher-definition content format, several trends suggest.
That's because Netflix and other streaming services are leading the way in delivering 4K video. Also known as Ultra High Definition, it has four times the resolution of current HD.
And "smart" Ultra HD 4K TVs from LG, Panasonic, Samsung, Sharp, Sony and Vizio are the first to let you stream 4K content directly from Netflix , which has movies such as Crouching Tiger and Hidden Dragon, TV series such as Breaking Bad and The Blacklist, and some stunning nature documentaries.
Samsung sets can also stream pay-per-view movies like Sin City: A Dame to Kill For on the DreamWorks Animation and Technicolor-owned Net video service M-Go and deliver them from DirecTV. Other TV makers and video services plan to expand their 4K efforts, too; Samsung and Sony also have hard drives that store 4K movies.
This combination of smart TV and 4K could explode this holiday season because lower prices are bringing smaller 4K sets down to $1,000 or less — and larger 4K displays have big discounts, too.
Discounted 4K TVs among early holiday shopping deals
These holiday deals could help the number of Ultra HD 4K sets purchased in the U.S. surpass the 1 million mark by year's end. Growth in the installed base could, in turn, lead to more content and more consumers, and so on.
Those in the market for a new smart TV might want to consider a 4K model to future-proof their purchase.
I've spent some time test-driving Samsung's 78-inch curved smart UHD set, which is currently priced at $6,999.99. That's a hefty price tag — you can find many smaller models for $2,000 and less — but this impressive set could serve as a true home theater centerpiece.
For starters, all the stuff you watch now — live TV, DVR'd shows, Blu-ray discs and DVDs — is converted to look better on the display. (All Ultra HD sets that I have come across do this, too.)
Video games such as Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare and Dragon Age: Inquisition really pop. And the slightly curved display does seem to immerse you into the action.
The Samsung 78-inch Curved 4K UHD TV with M-Go 4K movie menu on-screen.
(Photo: Mike Snider, USA TODAY)
But with true 4K content, the set really struts its stuff. The increased resolution is evident when watching Netflix's House of Cards. You may find yourself rewinding the show's sightseeing introduction to re-watch the monuments and skyscapes of the nation's capital. I did get some fluttering in video during Crouching Tiger's iconic bamboo tree-top scene, but it didn't detract measurably from my viewing.
The hyper-realism of Frank Miller's graphic novels brought to life in the Sin City sequel was striking when I rented the film for $6.99 on M-Go.
Samsung sent along a hard drive packed with several films and the image quality on The Counselor and World War Z was pristine.
The upgrade from 4K to HD is not the dramatic night-and-day difference between HDTV and original analog TV. But you can see it and you will likely want to upgrade at some point.
And the smart TV lets you do a lot of other things, too, beyond using apps on-screen. In the case of this Samsung model, I can get relevant tweets while watching prime-time TV or sports, and can use a split-screen to search the Web while watching live TV.
Smart TVs will drive 4K adoption until companies such as Amazon, Apple and Roku begin adding the higher-res feature to their Net devices, Joel Espelien of the Diffusion Group said in a recent 4K forecast . "It will be a niche market for at least another five years," he says, "with widespread viewing of 4K content arriving in 2019 and growing quickly beyond."
Eventually, broadcasters are expected to deliver 4K content and pay-TV providers will update their set-top boxes to be 4K-compatible
Until then, cord cutters can ride the early adopter wave, if they wish.
"Cutting the Cord" is a regular column covering Net TV and ways to get it. If you have suggestions or questions, contact Mike Snider via e-mail . And follow him on Twitter: @MikeSnider .
115 CONNECT 82 TWEET 52 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1rFqvvY
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer still on the run | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

RBI keeps rates unchanged  expects inflation to fallRBI holds rates, expects inflation to fall further
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 3, 2014  | 08:32 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The RBI kept the key policy rates unchanged in its monetary policy review on Tuesday.
Unveiling the monetary policy review, the RBI kept the repo rate (8 per cent) , reverse repo rate (7 per cent) and the CRR (4.0 per cent) unchanged.
It expects November inflation to soften further. In the statement,  the bank said risks to Jan 2016 target of 6% inflation is evenly balanced. The bank sees GDP growth seen at 5.5% in 2015-16. The March-end CPI inflation has been revised down to 6% from 8% earlier.
The RBI expects inflation at 6% over the next 12 months.
RBI says success of ongoing govt actions in removing infrastructural constraints will be key to reviving growth.
Addressing a press conference, RBI governor Raghuram Rajan said the government is comfortable with setting 4 per cent inflation target plus/minus 2 per cent beyond 2016.
There is a misconception among corporates that central bank is not concerned about growth, said the RBI governor.
On the interest rates, Rajan said even though rates have come down, banks have not passed it on
The policy states domestic activity weakened in Q2 of 2014-15, and activity is likely to be muted in Q3 also because of a moderate kharif harvest. The deficiency in the north-east monsoon rainfall has constrained the pace of rabi sowing, except in the southern States.
The persisting contraction in the production of both capital goods and consumer goods in Q2 reflected weak aggregate domestic demand. However, more recent readings of core sector activity, automobile sales and purchasing managers' indices suggest improvement in likely activity.
Exports have buffered the slowdown in industrial activity in Q2 but, going forward, require support from partner country growth, the policy said.  
The sixth bi-monthly monetary policy statement is scheduled on Tuesday, February 3, 2015.

Property  fire insurance premium set to rise from next yrProperty, fire insurance premium set to rise from next year
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 3, 2014  | 09:04 IST
After hardening of premium under group health insurance three months ago, property and fire segments are also set to witness increase in premium rates from the next calendar year.
"We do see the hardening of property and fire insurance segments beginning from the new calendar year. However, I can't tell you to what extent the premiums are likely to go up into the sector as it will vary from company to company," New India Assurance Chairman cum Managing Director, G Srinivasan told reporters.
He was speaking on the occasion of the launch of New India Top-up Mediclaim.
"Market has already hardened in the group health insurance sector for past 2-3 months, so as to bring it in line with the burning cost of the insurers. However, it will have positive impact on the bottomline of his company. Premium hardening has taken place in group health insurance after 3-4 years. Premium rates are slightly catching up with the underwriting," he said.
According to him, New India Assurance has already underwritten premium to the tune of Rs 2,300 crore under the health insurance segment in the first half of the current fiscal, ending September 30 and it was looking at crossing the mark of Rs 4000 crore by the end of the fiscal.
Talking about the health insurance loss ratio in his company, Srinivasan said that it was at 89 per cent during the first half of the current fiscal, as compared to the mark of 97 per cent during the corresponding period last fiscal.
"It is coming down as more and more people are coming under the health insurance coverage in the country," he said.
New India has paid Rs 200 crore claim in case of J&K floods and Rs 490 crore in case of Hudhud cyclone, which include the amount of Rs 40 crore claim paid by the company to Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Limited in Visakhapatnam alone so far, he said.
"However, our net loss in each of the two cases was at Rs 50 crore only due to the fact that remaining cost was incurred by our reinsurers," he said adding, "Property insurance under the catastrophe category has started hardening after the two catastrophes."
On New India Top-up Mediclaim, he said, "It is available for a maximum sum insured of Rs 15,00,000 on the threshold of Rs 5,00,000 and maximum sum insured of Rs 22,00,000 on the threshold of Rs 8,00,000. The new policy is available to all the people up to the age of 65."
The company has collected global premium of Rs 7,728 crore for the first half of the current fiscal at a growth rate of 13 per cent and the company made a profit of Rs 899 crore during this period, a rise of 40 per cent over the corresponding period of the previous year, he said.
"My company is targeting a global premium of Rs 16,300 crore by the fiscal end," he added.

Suspected al Shabaad militants kill 36 workers in a Kenyan quarry  statemediaBy: Reuters | Nairobi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 11:05 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 1:28 pm
Gunmen killed 36 workers in an attack on a quarry in Kenya’s Mandera county, which borders Somalia, Kenyan media reported on Tuesday.
Citizen Television said the 36 workers were killed when suspected al Shabaab militants from Somalia attacked the quarry. The Kenyan Red Cross said the quarry was about 15 km (10 miles) from Mandera town.
Some 28 people were killed in the area last month when al Shabaab militants hijacked a Nairobi-bound bus.

Constable shot dead by criminals inMeerutBy: Press Trust of India | Meerut |
Posted: December 2, 2014 10:36 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 10:41 am
A constable was on Tuesday killed and another injured when criminals opened fire on the policemen who tried to stop them from fleeing.
One of the assailants was later killed in a shoot-out with a police team, Circle Officer Rupesh Sharma said, adding constable Ekant Yadav, 24, suffered fatal injuries in the attack by the criminals.
Constables Lokesh Bhati and Yadav were on night patrol when they received information at 2 AM about presence of two criminals at a shop near a tyre factory in Lisadi gate area.
“When they reached the area, the two criminals opened fire on them and tried to flee on their motorcycle,” Circle Officer Rupesh Sharma said, adding the two policemen were injured in the firing.
Meanwhile, SHO Ravinder Yadav along with his team surrounded the criminals and one of them was killed in exchange of fire while the other escaped.
Yadav, who hails from Nanglakala village in neighbouring Bulandshahr district and was married three months ago, succumbed to his injuries while Bhati is undergoing treatment.
“The deceased criminal is yet to be identified,” Sharma said.

#Express5: Twist in Rohtak sisters video story; Robert Vadras security status may go forreviewPosted: December 2, 2014 10:26 am
 
We recommend that you go through these 5 stories of The Indian Express before starting your day.
1. SECURITY STATUS
The Ministry of Civil Aviation has written a letter to the Home Ministry to review the “security status” of Congress president Sonia Gandhi’s son-in-law Robert Vadra, which would decide whether he continues to be exempted from frisking at airports across the country. Vadra is the only private person on the list of 31 exempted people, which includes the Chief Justice of India, former Presidents, the Lok Sabha Speaker and Supreme Court judges.
Read more: ‘Why should Robert Vadra be exempted from frisking?’
2. ROHTAK SISTERS
As a TV reporter — the seventh since morning — approached the Rohtak sisters for an interview, the younger one signalled him to stop. The duo then took a quick break to gulp down some water. In a corner, their brother-in-law held a list of time slots allotted to the news channels that had reached their house in Kharkhauda on Monday after a video of the two thrashing their alleged harassers aboard a Haryana Roadways bus went viral.
Read more: After Rohtak sisters thrash ‘harassers’ on bus, everyone starts flogging the tape
3. PHILLIP HUGES
The Star Hotel is a bustling watering hole on the Nambucca riverfront. For more than a century, generations of those who call Macksville home have rushed here every evening to socialise and quench their thirst. Just like they did on Monday evening. But there was one table that stood out because of its occupants. Around it were gathered Australian Test captain Michael Clarke, former leg-spinner Stuart Macgill, and Greg Hughes, father of Phillip Hughes — the youth who once frequented the pub and who will now be buried in the town in a day’s time.
Read more: A nation’s mourning now comes to a small town called home
4. OPINION
Six months after the Lok Sabha election, the BJP’s impressive performance still delights its supporters. This is understandable. For the first time in 30 years, a single party gained a majority. And, at least so far, satisfaction extends beyond the ruling party. Recent opinion polls have given the new government solid approval ratings.
Read more: Beware great expectations
5. SPORTS
Since last Thursday, the whole of Australia has been in a state of melancholy inertia. With Phillip Hughes’s passing away, it’s almost like life itself has been sucked out of this otherwise ebullient nation. Amidst all that gloom, despair and desperate attempts at redemption, Virat Kohli and his Indian team have stayed put in Adelaide. Or, to be more accurate, they have been lying low.

BSE Sensex down 65 points in early trade ahead of RBIpolicyBy: Reuters | Mumbai |
Posted: December 2, 2014 10:24 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 4:47 pm
Markets fell for the second day with benchmark Sensex declining over 115 points today on selling in auto stocks after RBI kept interest rates unchanged for the fifth time in a row and IT shares dipped on strength in rupee.
In highly volatile trade, the 30-share BSE index fell to touch the day’s low of 28,386.46 following announcement of credit policy. However, the index recovered briefly to hit 28,576.39 on RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan’s hint of lowering rates early next year.
Participants later resorted to selling at every rise and the Sensex ended the day at 28,444.01, down 115.61 points, or 0.40 per cent. Yesterday, it had slipped 134.37 points.
On similar lines, the NSE 50-share Nifty, after swinging to and fro, settled with a loss of 31.20 points, or 0.36 per cent, at 8,524.70. Intra-day, it traded in a narrow range between 8,504.65 and 8,560.20.
“By not cutting rates, RBI has remained consistent in their policy objective of decisively bringing down inflation -and long term inflationary expectations. Lower post policy bond yields show the market feels more confident that eventually rates will be much lower,” said Arvind Sethi, MD & CEO, TATA Asset Management.
Rupee, which had breached 62-mark against dollar in previous sessions, today strengthened to 61.87 levels. This put pressure of shares IT companies, including TCS and Infosys, which earn most of their sales in the US currency.
Oil scrips also were on the sellers’ list after excise duty on petrol was hiked by Rs 2.25 per litre and by Re 1 a litre on diesel but retail pump rates won’t rise as oil firms have decided to absorb the duty change for the time being.
Over half of the 30 Sensex constituents ended with losses led by GAIL (down 2.85 per cent), M&M (2.47 per cent), HDFC (1.51 per cent) and Hero MotoCorp (1.48 per cent).
Sectorwise, BSE IT index suffered the most by losing 1.48 per cent, followed by Auto 1.05 per cent and Oil & Gas 0.66 per cent, among others.
Global cues, however, were conducive as Asian bourses ended higher and Europe was better in its opening trades.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth net Rs 12.36 crore yesterday, as per provisional data.

RBI keeps key rates unchanged | Live updatesYou are here: Home > Collections
RBI keeps key rates unchanged; says premature to change monetary policy stance
ET Bureau Dec 2, 2014, 11.06AM IST
Tags:
gdp
(RBI Governor Raghurma Rajan…)
MUMBAI: Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan left interest rates unchanged for the fifth time in a row, awaiting firm signals that consumer price inflation will slide convincingly and remain low for a long time.
But he gave a strong indication that rate cuts could come early in 2015.
"A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature," Rajan said in the statement accompanying the announcement. "However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle."
He also signposted two critical decisions that will be announced soon-- one is on the 5-25 funding structure for infrastructure projects that was announced in the budget, the other is on banks taking equity during debt restructuring. The price at which this can be done is being discussed with the Securities and Exchange Board of India, he said.
The governor's decision is on expected lines as nearly every economist said there wouldn't be a change in interest rates, barring a few hopefuls after the decision of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries decision to keep supplies stable pushed down crude oil prices to four-year lows.
"We are certainly seeing a disinflationary process," Rajan said at a press conference after the policy was unveiled. "We want to get more certainty on the disinflationary process."
The governor reiterated his oft-stated position that it was important to win the battle on prices rather than ease monetary policy to early only to have them popping up again.
"We want to make sure that this is for real, we don't want to flip-flop," he said. "We'd rather change for good."
In answer to another question, he said, "We're not trying to manage long-interest rates."
Rajan said those clamouring for interest rate cuts were being short-sighted. The central bank was not looking at quarter-to-quarter numbers. "We're talking about tears of sustainable growth... that is a message that has to seep through."
Still, the RBI forecast of consumer inflation has been revised down to 6% in March 2015. The growth projection for 2014-15 has however been retained at 5.5%. Revising his earlier hawkish tone in the previous policy statement when he expressed concerns about upside risks to inflation, the statement said, "The risks to the January 2016 target of 6% appear evenly balanced under the current policy stance."
The RBI has reservations about the evolution of the base effect in inflation, how long ongoing disinflationary impulses last, the pace of change of the public's inflationary expectations, as well as the success of the government's efforts to hit deficit targets.
The repo rate, at which RBI lends to banks, remained at 8%, and so did all the other rates. The cash reserve requirement, the proportion of deposits that banks have to keep with the central bank, remains at 4%.
"RBI would like inflation to be sustainable at lower level before lowering rates," said Naresh Takker, MD and CEO of rating company ICRA. "Also, one should bear in mind that the inflation number may go up next month due to lower agriculture productions and also the benefit of the base effect would reverse soon," he added.
Governor Rajan has been under pressure from various quarters for a reduction since prices are sliding fast amid uncertain growth indicators. But economists have been of the view that the fall could be temporary, given the base effect and that there are chances of a sharp jump in the CPI reading early next year.
  Inflation as measured by the CPI that came into force in 2012, fell to a record of 5.5% in October. That is lower than the RBI's target of 6% by March 2016. The central bank aims to target inflation permanently at 4%, in a band of 2% on either side, as recommended by the Urjit Patel Committee.
To be sure, household inflation expectations are still high at more than 15%. Information on the enhancement of supplies of protein-rich products, an item that pushed up CPI, is flaky. Positive real interest rates need to be sustained for a longer term if an economic revival is to be supported by domestic savings.
While the policy rates have been high, market rates have been easing with the yield on the benchmark government bonds falling more than 100 basis points from its peak expecting a rate cut.
Furthermore, the demand for loans has fallen to three-year lows to 11%, even though deposits have gained momentum, thanks to positive real interest rates for the first time in more than four years.
But given the Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government measures such as releasing more food stocks into the market and low increase in minimum support prices, inflation is expected to be lower than it was under the previous government.
The industrial climate is also looking to be turning for the better with second-quarter gross domestic product growing at 5.3%, above the forecast of 5.1%, though slower than the 5.7% rate in April-June. HSBC's PMI in November rose to its highest since February 2013 at 53.3.
FEATURED ARTICLES

36 000 within limits for Sensex by Dec 2015: Analysts | Brent below $72 post rallyWhat EPS downgrade? Analysts think 36,000 within limits for Sensex by December 2015
Biswajit Baruah, ET Bureau Dec 2, 2014, 10.41AM IST
Tags:
BSE sensex
(Analysts, including some…)
MUMBAI: A week after several brokerages downgraded corporate earnings for FY15 and FY16, leading market intermediaries like Citi , Morgan Stanley , UBS, and Ambit Capital have said they expect the benchmark index, BSE Sensex, to touch levels between 32,500 and 36,000 by December 2015 - a rise of 14-26% from Monday's closing at 28,559. The Indian market, betting on 'Modinomics', has rallied 34% since January.
These analysts, including some of the closely-tracked names, expect corporate earnings to recover next fiscal year (FY16) as investment cycle turns and consumer spending picks up. While global developments will have their impact - like Monday's 130-point fall in the Sensex following signs of slowdown in Germany and China - a lower inflation on account of easing commodity prices and anticipated interest rate cuts in 2015 is keeping the market sentiment alive. This could compel brokerage houses to later upgrade corporate earnings estimate for the next fiscal year. Traders pruning positions on the eve of RBI's monetary policy also contributed to the fall in stock prices on Monday.
"We expect 2015 to be a good year, hence have raised Sensex target to 33,000 for December 2015, and Nifty to 9,850. We expect gains from falling interest rates, recovery in investment cycle, along with steady execution reforms, which could fire the markets more," said Aditya Narain, managing director, Citi. "We are overweight on banks, energy, cement, pharma and look forward to another good year of Indian markets, although not like 2014 where the index has gained 34% so far."
Brokerages acknowledged that valuations are already pricing in reforms and next year's growth story even as growth cycle remains hesitant and reforms lack the punch to take India's growth higher. But investors on the street are not buying any scepticism.
"Our BSE Sensex target of 32,500 implies mid-teen returns for market next year, and like cyclical stocks and sectors that could benefit from policy changes," said Ridham Desai, managing director at Morgan Stanley. "We assign 40% probability of Sensex scaling to 36,939 levels. However, there is 10% bear case of Sensex falling to 26,007 levels on tepid policy response and poor global economic conditions."
The Sensex is currently trading at 16.83 times to its 1-year forward estimated earnings while China's Shanghai Composite Index is trading at 9.48 times, Brazil's Ibovespa Index at 11.10 times, and Russia's MICEX at 5.02 times, according to Bloomberg data. The index is also trading at over 50% premium to MSCI Emerging Market Index, which is at 11.05 times. But fund managers said valuations are justified as likely economic growth recovery will sustain valuations.
"We remain bullish on Indian equities for 2015 as economic growth recovery will sustain current valuations.
We expect consensus earning growth estimates of 15% for FY16 and FY17 to be met, which will drive the markets higher. Our Nifty target is 9,600 for 2015 end," said Gautam Chhaochharia, managing director at UBS.
"We have Sensex target of 36,000, implying about 27% upside over the next five quarters. We expect earnings growth of 19% in FY16 which is underpinned by our banking team's credit growth estimate of 18% for next fiscal year," said Saurabh Mukherjea, CEO - institutional equities at Ambit Capital.
Foreign institutional investor (FII) flows have hit some kind of speedbreaker, with only $16 billion investment into Indian equities this year so far, which is significantly lower compared with last year's inflows of over $20 billon (2013), and $24 billion in 2012.
Meanwhile, US-based exchange traded funds (ETF) have poured in more than half of investment meant for emerging market into Indian equities in November 2014, according to Bloomberg data.
Emerging market ETFs invested nearly $1.04 billion in November 2014 in equity funds— of which $523 million in Indian equities followed by $373million in China and $162 million in Taiwan.
(with contributions from Ashutosh R Shyam)
FEATURED ARTICLES

FB hires IIT grads for Rs 1.55 cr | Flipkart  Snapdeal use stock to lure high-level execsYou are here: Home > Collections > Placement
Facebook signs up IIT graduates for Rs 1.55 crore; companies offer more jobs this placement season
Sreeradha D Basu & Devina Sengupta, ET Bureau Dec 2, 2014, 10.40AM IST
Tags:
Esop
(In the first 20 hours, online…)
MUMBAI: A spectacular initial burst — at least 15-20% more jobs, 10-20% higher average salaries and 30% increase in global offers — set the pace for this year's placement season at Indian Institutes of Technology which kicked off on Monday.
Sources from eight campuses that ET spoke to said hiring and salaries will shoot up this year, after a relatively slow 3-4 years.
In the first 20 hours, online social networking giant Facebook ruled the roost with a Rs 1.55 crore ($250,000) salary offer including bonus and ESOPs for a US posting.
This is the probably the highest ever offer across IITs in recent years.
Facebook made the offer for software engineer profiles based out of California to three students at IIT Kharagpur and to an unknown number at IIT-Bombay, sources at the two institutes revealed. The company did not respond to an email sent by ET.
Overall, big-ticket offers were back with a bang as other top paymasters, according to campus sources, included Samsung - $150,000 (Rs 93 lakh), Microsoft -$129,000 (Rs 80 lakh), Oracle - $125,000 plus Esops (Rs 78 lakh plus Esops), Google - $125,000 (Rs 78 lakh) and Visa -$140,000 (Rs 87 lakh).
At IIT-BHU, Varanasi, the top package from a multinational was Rs 77.5 lakh ($100,000 base salary, $15,000 sign-on bonus and $10,000 relocation and stock options), an over 19% jump over the top offer last year. At IIT-Kanpur, it went up over 36% from $110,000 last year to $150,000 this time.
"If this momentum continues, we will place 1,200 students in the first 20 days compared to 1,000 last year," a placement team member of IIT-Kharagpur said. Across campuses, international offers saw a boom compared to last year. Oracle, for instance, said that it is hiring for 15 overseas roles this year, compared to 13 last time. Students will join the American multinational computer technology corporation in product development roles across its hardware, software or industry-specific based groups. Cisco Systems and Visa Inc offered overseas roles for the first time.
International offers will shoot up by 30%, agreed a placement source at IIT Kanpur.
More offers --from the likes of ServiceNow ($90,000) and Epic Systems ($90,000) - are in the offing, he said.
Other first day recruiters across the 16 IITs included the likes of Goldman Sachs, HUL, ITC, Credit Suisse, McKinsey & Co and BCG. IIT-Bombay, which on student demand, has moved up some core engineering companies to premium slots, had GE, Airbus and Qualcomm among others, vying with traditional first-day recruiters for the first time.
Tower Research with Rs 44 lakh for an international role and WorldQuant with Rs 42 lakh for a domestic profile were among prominent recruiters at campuses such as IIT-Kanpur, placement sources revealed. Goldman Sachs offered packages of Rs 26 lakh and Credit Suisse around Rs 15-18 lakh while Samsung offered the most for its Korea posting.
Final placements at the IITs start on December 1 and are completed in two phases.
A majority of the recruiters come in the first few weeks of December while the subsequent phase starts in January.
The highest-paying and most-in-demand companies are typically slotted for the first few days of placements.
At IIT-Kharagpur, Facebook has made the top offer while Google, Microsoft and Cisco also competed for the best talent.
Oilfield services company Baker Hughes, ITC (Rs 18 lakh approx), Schlumberger, Cairn India, Shell were among those recruiting for domestic roles. Microsoft paid around Rs 20 lakh for the India profiles. Xerox, the global printer manufacturer picked up students for 'budding scientist' profiles, said placement sources.
"The placements have been very good so far and from midnight to 6 am on Monday (1st day slot), 49 offers were rolled out, out of which 8 were international.
Around 31 companies are expected on the first day," Natesan Srinivasan, faculty in-charge, training & placement for IIT-Guwahati said A statement from IIT-Madras said the highest offer was $129,500 while the highest domestic salary was Rs 30 lakh. Microsoft, Goldman Sachs, Samsung R&D and Xerox were among the companies who visited. The institute said it received 17 offers in the graveyard session (midnight to 6am) and another 64 in the forenoon one (6am to noon).
The placement season will continue till March-April, though a bulk of offers would roll out over the next three weeks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shiv Sena to finally join Devendra Fadnavis governmentShiv Sena to finally join Devendra Fadnavis government
Rohit Chandavarkar, ET Bureau Dec 2, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Devendra Fadnavis
(The cabinet expansion is…)
MUMBAI: After months of bickering and posturing, Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis said on Monday that talks between the BJP and Shiv Sena are headed in the right direction, and the two parties are close to clinching a deal on the issue of power sharing.
The cabinet expansion is likely to happen on or before Thursday, and the Sena will probably be given four to five cabinet positions and a similar number of MoS posts, said top leaders of both parties, paving the way for a reconciliation of the old allies, who had drifted apart after the state elections.
"Our talks with Shiv Sena have been very positive and we have sorted out over 80% of the issues. I am very positive about the outcome, but would request certain leaders from both sides, who aren't involved in the talks, to refrain from making comments," Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis said on Monday.
Fadnavis was obviously referring to Sena leader Ramdas Kadam who had publicly claimed a few days ago that Sena's participation in the BJP-led government was ruled out.
"We will not be facing the winter session of the Maharashtra assembly with only the current strength of ministers," Fadnavis said, reaffirming that there will be a cabinet expansion. An official at Mantralaya said that the swearing-in of the new ministers will probably take place on or before Thursday.
On Sunday night, two senior leaders of the Sena met Fadnavis at his residence and discussed the powersharing formula, with Sena president Uddhav Thackeray directing his partymen to stay mum on the talks. But one Sena leader, aware of the developments, informally told ET that Sena does not have much of an issue with the number of seats in the cabinet, but are very concerned about what portfolios they are given. "We want to make sure that portfolios that have some sort of a connect with people are given to us," said the leader on the condition of anonymity.
Thackeray's private secretary Milind Narvekar met Fadnavis again on Monday morning, confirming the back-and-forth that's going on among the top leadership over how many MoS positions that the party would settle for. A top leader from the BJP's state unit said that Public Works Department (PWD) is almost certainly going to be given to the Shiv Sena. Apart from this, Sena is also asking for Water Resources and the MoS post in the Home Ministry. Some details about the other portfolios have to be sorted out, hinted Narvekar.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex pares losses after taking over 150-pt hit after RBI policyAshok Leyland
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex slipped over 150 points after the RBI maintained a status quo in its policy meet today.
The index however recovered losses, but was still trading in red.
At 11:14 am, the Sensex was at 28,491.82; down 67.80 points.
The Nifty was at 8,533.05; down 22.85 points.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
Rate sensitive stocks will be in focus: Most analysts expect the central bank to maintain status-quo on key policy rates on Tuesday. According to an ET Now poll, almost 80 per cent of respondents expect RBI to hold key policy rates on Tuesday, while only 20 per cent of bankers expect a repo rate cut of 25 bps.
At 10:10 a.m.; Bajaj Auto was trading 1.1 per cent lower at Rs 2607.
ONGC: State-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) is targeting mid-2018 for start of natural gas production from its Krishna Godavari basin KG-D5 block, Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan said today.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.7 per cent higher at Rs 367.35.
M&M Ltd: Auto major Mahindra & Mahindra today reported 13 per cent decline in total sales at 34,292 units in November. It had sold 39,254 units in the same month last year, the company said in a statement.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.3 per cent lower at Rs 1278.
SAIL: State-run steel producer SAIL is preparing a feasibility report for setting up an integrated plant in Telangana. By the next fiscal, SAIL's Rs 70,000 crore modernisation and expansion programme would be over raising its capacity to 24 MTPA.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.4 per cent lower at Rs 86.50.
Ashok Leyland Ltd: Hinduja Group flagship company Ashok Leyland reported a 44 per cent jump in total sales at 7,732 units for November, 2014, as against 5,375 units in the same month last year. At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.5 per cent lower at Rs 52.85.
Sun Pharma & Ranbaxy: The government has approved Sun Pharmaceuticals' acquisition of Ranbaxy Laboratories while the foreign investment promotion board (FIPB) has sent HDFC Bank's proposal for the further approval of the cabinet committee on economic affairs (CCEA).
At 10:10 a.m.; Sun Pharma was trading 0.3 per cent higher at Rs 837 and Ranbaxy was up 0.8 per cent to Rs 622.30.
Tata Motors Ltd: The automaker today reported 2 percent increase in total sales at 41,720 units in November, as against 40,863 units in the same month last year. Domestic sales of Tata commercial and passenger vehicles remained flat at 37,427 units as compared to year-ago period, Tata Motors said in a statement.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.9 per cent lower at Rs 531.20.
IRB Infrastructure Developers Ltd: The infratsructure major announced that Pathankot Amritsar BOT Project implemented by wholly-owned SPV of the Company viz. IRB Pathankot Amritsar Toll Road (SPV), has been issued a Provisional Certificate by the Competent Authority effective 27 November 2014.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.2 per cent higher at Rs 273.
Financial Technologies Ltd: Electricity watchdog CERC has given Financial Technologies time till January 4 to comply with its directive to complete sale of its entire stake in Indian Energy Exchange, said media reports.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.1 per cent lower at Rs 183.95.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rupee gains versus $; makes day s high of 61.97You are here: Home > Collections
Rupee up against US $; below 62 levels
PTI Dec 2, 2014, 05.12PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The rupee had gained just…)
MUMBAI: The rupee strengthened against the US dollar , making day's high of 61.87 vesus the greenback increased selling of the American currency by exporters ahead of RBI's policy review.
Dealers said increased selling of the dollar by exporters supported the rupee but a lower opening in the domestic equity market and the Greenback's rise against some overseas currencies, capped the gains.
The rupee had gained just one paisa to close at 62.02 against the dollar in yesterday's trade on late selling of the US currency by exporters and some banks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rate-sensitive stocks like banks  realty and capital goods take a hit ahead of RBI policyAuto, banks, realty stocks pare losses after RBI policy review
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 2, 2014, 11.45AM IST
Tags:
Bajaj
(At 09:50 a.m.; BSE Banking…)
NEW DELHI: Shares in rate sensitive sectors such as banks, realty, capital goods pared losses on Tuesday, after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) maintained a status quo on policy rates.
BSE Bankex was down 0.32% against 0.41% ahead of the policy.
Auto index was down 0.75% against 0.41% ahead of the policy.
Among the banking names Federal Bank (down 1.3 per cent) was the top loser, followed by Yes Bank (down 0.85 per cent), ICICI Bank (down 0.70 per cent), IndusInd Bank (down 0.61 per cent), HDFC Bank (down 0.46 per cent) and Canara Bank (down 0.16 per cent).
The BSE Realty index was trading 0.6 per cent lower led by losses in HDIL (down 1.04 per cent), Prestige Estates (down 1.3 per cent), Sobha Developers (down 1.6 per cent), Unitech (down 1.9 per cent) and DB Realty (down 2 per cent).
The BSE Realty index was trading 0.3 per cent lower, led by losses in DB realty (down 1.4 per cent), Prestige Estates Projects (down 1.44 per cent), Oberoi Realty (down 1.14 per cent) and DLF (down 0.81 per cent).
The BSE Auto index was trading 0.8 per cent lower, led by losses in Bajaj Auto (down 1.8 per cent), Bharat Forge (down 1.2 per cent), M&M (down 1 per cent), Tata Motors (down 0.95 per cent) and Hero MotoCorp (down 0.87 per cent).
FEATURED ARTICLES

Raghuram Rajan Holds Repo Rate Despite Government PressureYou are here: Home Economy
Raghuram Rajan Holds Repo Rate Despite Government Pressure
NDTV | Updated On: December 02, 2014 11:25 (IST)
BofA-ML Sees 0.25% Rate Cut in February on Easing Inflation
Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan on Tuesday held repo rate at 8 per cent as expected. The central bank has not cut rates since May 2013 despite retail inflation easing to a record low of 5.5 per cent in October.
The repo rate or the rate at which the RBI lends money to commercial remains unchanged at 8 per cent. The cash reserve ratio (CRR) stays unchanged at 4 per cent.
Most economists had expected Dr Rajan to hold rates despite pressure from Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, who had pushed for a cut in interest rates in a bid to lift demand and drive growth. The Indian economy is struggling to emerge from its slowest phase of economic growth since the 1980s.
The central bank, however, adopted a more dovish tone in response to the government's call for help to revive economic growth and said it may change its policy stance next year.
"A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature. However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle," Dr Rajan said in a statement.
Stocks markets extended losses after the RBI's announcement, but they staged a recovery after economists highlighted the dovish rate outlook in RBI's commentary. The Sensex and Nifty traded flat as of 11.20 a.m.
Story first published on: December 02, 2014 11:17 (IST)

RBI In Discussions with Government to Finalise Monetary Policy: RajanBofA-ML Sees 0.25% Rate Cut in February on Easing Inflation
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) held interest rates steady as widely expected at its policy review on Tuesday, but said it could cut interest rates by early next year depending on whether inflation eases further and on fiscal developments. RBI chief Raghuram Rajan addressed a press conference explaining its monetary policy stance. 
Highlights
We are in discussions with government for monetary policy framework
Government has shown willingness to keep inflation target at 4 per cent beyond FY16 with a 2 per cent band
Hope to finalise the new monetary policy shortly
Seeing a disinflation process underway
We want to make sure that the disinflationary process is for real
We don't want to flip-flop if there is a change in external environment
There is a misconception that the RBI is not concerned about growth
The way to sustainable growth is to have moderate inflation
Rates have come down but banks haven't passed on
RBI is certainly not against growth
Bear with us, corporate India will see sustained growth for many years
Our talks with government suggest fiscal deficit on track
Not trying to manage long-term interest rates through open market operations
For now, RBI has consumer inflation target of 6% by January 2016
We want to be relatively sure we hit the 2016 inflation target
Speeding up judicial process on debt recovery will bring down the risk premiums
RBI in discussions with the government to speed up the debt recovery process
Hope the performance of fixed income and equity markets will convince more investors to park their money in financial assets rather than gold
Story first published on: December 02, 2014 12:08 (IST)

Rupee Edges Higher to 61.98 Per DollarYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Edges Higher to 61.98 Per Dollar
Agencies | Updated On: December 02, 2014 09:57 (IST)
Rupee Set to Breach 63/Dollar: Analysts
The rupee was trading at 61.98 against dollar near Monday's close of 62.02/03. Sentiment were cautious ahead of RBI policy review announcement at 11.00 a.m.
RBI is expected to keep interest rates on hold. Nifty was down 0.15 per cent as Asia stocks fell on oil bounce back.
Brent recovered today to trade back above $72 after falling below $68; US crude was trading just under $69.
Most Asian currencies were trading stronger to dollar as other commodity-linked currencies rose.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Sensex  Nifty Recover on RBI s Dovish CommentsYou are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty Edge Lower Ahead of RBI Policy
NDTV | Updated On: December 02, 2014 09:48 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Indian stock markets opened lower on Tuesday tracking weak global cues. Crude oil prices bounced from five-year lows hit on Monday putting pressure on equities.
The Reserve Bank's bi-monthly credit policy announcement will be the big focus for domestic equities today. There is a consensus among economists that the central bank will not cut repo rate today. However, rate sensitive stocks have outperformed in the run up to the policy announcement.
Banks, auto and realty stocks fell in morning trade today. The Bank Nifty was down 0.4 per cent, while the CNX Auto index and Realty index were down around half a per cent each.
ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank fell nearly 0.7 per cent, while the state-owned Union Bank of India declined over 1 per cent.
Bajaj Auto fell over 2 per cent as its motorcycle sales for the month of November fell 6 per cent year-on-year to 2.6 lakh units. The stock was the top loser in Nifty.
Infosys fell nearly 2 per cent as the stock went ex-bonus today. The company had announced one bonus share for every one share held in the company. Those who will buy shares of Infosys today will not be eligible to get bonus shares of Infosys.
Among gainers, upstream oil companies like ONGC and Cairn India advanced between 1 per cent to 2 per cent as crude oil prices rebounded.
On Monday, both domestic and foreign investors were net sellers of Indian equities. Domestic investors sold stocks worth Rs 555 crore, while foreign investors were net sellers to the tune of Rs 12 crore.
The Nifty fell 11 points to 8,545, while the Sensex was down 28 points at 28,531 as of 9.28 a.m.
Story first published on: December 02, 2014 09:48 (IST)

Nifty below 8550; banks  auto under pressureDec 02, 2014, 10.32 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty below 8550, RBI meet eyed; banks, auto under pressure
India's biggest lenders State Bank of India, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Axis Bank, and housing finance company HDFC declined 0.5-0.9 percent. Auto stocks like Tata Motors, Mahindra & Mahindra, Bajaj Auto, Hero Motocorp and Maruti Suzuki slipped 0.5-1 percent post November sales data.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty below 8550, RBI meet eyed; banks, auto under pressure
India's biggest lenders State Bank of India, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Axis Bank, and housing finance company HDFC declined 0.5-0.9 percent. Auto stocks like Tata Motors, Mahindra & Mahindra, Bajaj Auto, Hero Motocorp and Maruti Suzuki slipped 0.5-1 percent post November sales data.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
10:30am DLF under pressure
Shares of DLF fell more than a percent intraday Tuesday after Bank of America Merrill Lynch reinstated an underperform rating on the stock with a price target of Rs 130.
The prime reasons, according to the brokerage, are slow housing market recovery in Gurgaon; negative cash-flow; elevated debt levels; and legal issues.
BoAML does not expect a housing volume recovery in DLF’s core market, Gurgaon in the near term. "Gurgaon’s unsold inventory has risen exponentially over the past three quarters, indicating a significant slowdown in sales. We see weakness for three to four more quarters for DLF before a possible recovery becomes visible," the brokerage said.
The brokerage expects DLF to remain cash-flow negative through FY17E – lack of launches and higher costs (operating, finance and construction) should lead to cash deficiency.
It also sees DLF’s debt levels to remain elevated in FY16E as well despite asset sales as proceeds from the sale will be used to offset the lack of cash.
According to the brokerage, a verdict against DLF in any of the ongoing legal issues (CCI, SEBI) can potentially dampen its brand equity and financial performance.
Upside risks include quicker market recovery, leading to better-than-expected launches/pre-sales, and pick-up in commercial leasing.
10:00am Market Check
Equity benchmarks continued to see marginal selling pressure as rate sensitives like banks and autos declined ahead of RBI credit policy.
The 30-share BSE Sensex slipped 67.61 points to 28492.01 and the 50-share NSE Nifty fell 22.75 points to 8533.15. The broader markets remained flat.
India's biggest lenders State Bank of India, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Axis Bank, and housing finance company HDFC declined 0.5-0.9 percent. Auto stocks like Tata Motors, Mahindra & Mahindra, Bajaj Auto, Hero Motocorp and Maruti Suzuki slipped 0.5-1 percent post November sales data.
Infosys lost 1.5 percent after adjusted for bonus issue in the ratio of one share for every one share held.
However, shares of Reliance Industries, ONGC, Larsen & Toubro and BHEL bounced back, up 0.5-1 percent. Power stocks like Tata Power and NTPC too rebounded with a percent gain.
Cairn India bounced back with more than a percent gain after Brent crude recouped some losses to trade at USD 72 a barrel from five-year low of around USD 68-69 a barrel. However, BPCL and Asian Paints fell 2-3 percent.
09:15

Dubai to invest $32-bn to build worlds largest airportDubai to invest $32-bn to build world’s largest airport
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 30:  
To further secure its position as the world’s aviation hub, Dubai Airports is building a whopping $32-billion greenfield airport at the upcoming Dubai World Central, 30 km off the present international airport which already is the second busiest in the world.
The proposed new airport will become the world’s largest aviation facility on completion and will have five runways which all will be simultaneously operational, all A380—compatible with a length of 4.5 km each.
“We are planning a USD 32-billion brand new airport at the Dubai World Central at Al Maktoum, 30 km off the present Dubai facility. In the first phase, the new airport will be able to handle 120 million passengers, which will go up to 200 million by 2020, when the project is completed,” Dubai Airports Corporate Communications Head Julius Baumann told PTI.
“On completion, the new airport will be the world’s largest airport, with each concourse the size of seven football fields and have five runways which all will be simultaneously operational, all A380—compatible,” Baumann said.
The other features include 200 aircraft stands for wide bodied aircraft, four concourses connected via six airport trains to two terminals, which in turn will be linked to the city’s metro network. When complete, the mega—hub will have total annual capacity exceeding 200 million passengers and 12 million tonne of freight.
The existing Al Maktoum International opened its doors to passengers on October 27, 2013 and three airlines are operating from here. It has one A380 capable runway, 64 remote stands, one cargo terminal with annual capacity for 250,000 tonne and a fully operational passenger terminal building designed to accommodate 5 million passengers annually.
The Dubai International Airport is the world’s second busiest airport after the London Heathrow and is on course to become the global aviation hub, thanks to its geographical location and the availability of cheap fuel.
The first phase of the new airport includes a single A380 compatible runway, a passenger terminal with capacity of 5 million passengers which is expandable to 7 million; a cargo terminal with a capacity of 250,000 tonne per annum and expandable to 600,000 tonne and a 92—metre air traffic control tower.
The state—owned Dubai Airports already operates the Dubai International Airport in the heart of the Arabian megapolis and the Al Maktoum International Airport at the upcoming Dubai World Central (DWC).
The DWC is a 140 sq km new international city being built to de—congest the present city, Dubai Airports’ Marketing & Corporate Communications Manager Zaigham Ali said, adding the work on new airport will begin early next year.
Apart from the new airport plan, the Emirate is also expanding the Dubai International Airport with a USD 7.8 billion investment to take the capacity to 100 million by 2020. This project was started in 2011 and will be completed by 2016.
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related

Petrol  diesel prices cutTweet
New Delhi, Nov 30:  
Public sector oil retailers on Sunday announced a cut in the retail prices of petrol and diesel, effective midnight November 30/December 1, by 91 paise a litre and 84 paise a litre, respectively, in Delhi.
The price cut will vary from State to State depending on local taxes and levies.
In a statement issued here, Indian Oil Corporation said the auto fuel prices were last reduced on November 1, on the back of declining international oil prices.
“Since the above price changes, the international prices of both petrol and diesel have continued to be on a downtrend. The rupee-US dollar exchange rate has, however, appreciated since the last price change. The combined impact of both these factors warrant a decrease in retail selling prices of both petrol and diesel,” it said.
Indian Oil Corporation said that the movement of prices in the international oil market and the forex rate shall continue to be closely monitored and the market trends will be reflected in price changes.
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related

E-grocery chains set to sizzle on the InternetBigBasket
(Amazon India and Snapdeal’s…)
HYDERABAD: Trying out exotic recipes need not involve a trip to the upmarket retail stores and hours scanning shelves for Za'atar or Dijon. The addition of gourmet, nutrition and food categories by major ecommerce players places the ingredients a click away.
With existing e-grocery chains such as Big Basket likely to step up the game, and offline players taking the virtual route, as in the case of Reliance Fresh Direct and Godrej Nature's Basket, the thin-margin FMCG and grocery business is set to heat up online.
Amazon India and Snapdeal's addition of food and gourmet categories is aimed at converting existing customers to add groceries to their basket.
However, customer behaviour will have an important role to play in determining its success.
"The horizontal ecommerce players are currently offering a small part of the food and personal care products. The consumer's buying behaviour does not work like that - there are products which people buy as a basket at the beginning of the month and that can be done easily at an e-grocery store.
In order to provide a full service offering, the ecommerce players will have to set up a separate vertical," says Hari Menon, chief executive and head of merchandising at online grocery store Big Basket, which raised `200 crore in September. It currently processes 3,500-5,000 orders a day across Bengaluru, Pune and Hyderabad and will expand to Chennai and Delhi early next year.
Targeting consumers in rural areas and small cities, where the range of products is not easily available, will likely drive consumers willing to experience ordering online. A report by PwC - The Indian FMCG sector: The innovation imperative - pegs the number of consumers for FMCG products in rural India at 700 million.
But like Menon of Big Basket, other existing online grocery players also don't see any easy entry point for new players offering just a few products.
And, pricing may not be the only challenge to overcome.
"You can't ask consumers to buy 27 items on one site and look for the remaining at a different site. For an ecommerce marketplace, the cost of logistics can outstrip the price of the product.
In addition, offline players going online cannot make a mark if they do not offer competitive pricing and value," says Amit Bhartiya, adviser at Local Banya, an e-grocery store which operates in Mumbai and serves around 12,000 customers per month.
The company will be adding smaller cities in Maharashtra for 24-hour delivery of a select category of products. The value proposition and discounts offered by the online channel will be a determining factor in getting consumers on board, observe analysts.
"Competitive pricing is an important factor, especially for customers who are used to encashing their points or coupons credited to them at the offline grocery chains. They might want to experience how it plays out online," says Sandeep Ladda, India technology leader at PWC. "Also, the question of registering with a given online player and the payment gateway is important. Consumers might not prefer registering with multiple players online."
Given the focus on developing an omni-channel strategy for the business to reach a wider audience, brickand-mortar brands seem ready to register a presence, but not at the cost of cash-burn for customer acquisition.
"The e-grocery stores have taken a small share of offline grocery markets. Deep discounting by these players in a low-margin business such as food and groceries will not work in the long run," says Mohit Khattar, managing director and CEO at Godrej Nature's Basket. "We are not looking to compete with them and we will not fall into the discounting game."
According to Khattar, the brand will look at registering in an online marketplace for reach and continue operating its two-year-old online store for customer engagement.
Menon of Big Basket isn't sure of the success of offline stores' strategy of going online. "The availability of products for consumers in the catchment area of the offline store goes down if it supplies both online and offline customers, cannibalising its brick-and-mortar business," he says.
"The only successful model in this space was done by Tesco in the UK who have dark rooms, dedicated to maintaining a separate inventory for their online customers."
Consumer behaviour and patience for the monthly basket to be delivered will be key in this taste-test.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Prosecutors Repeatedly Stressed Michael Brown s Pot UseProsecutors Repeatedly Stressed Brown's Pot Use
St. Louis Post-Dispatch
reddit
When St. Louis County Police conducted a followup interview of two construction workers who witnessed the Michael Brown shooting, a detective focused not on what they had seen but on a single word one of the men had said to Brown: “wax.”

Factory Growth in November Fastest in Nearly Two Years: PMIBofA-ML Sees 0.25% Rate Cut in February on Easing Inflation
Bangalore: Indian factory activity expanded at its fastest pace in nearly two years in November as burgeoning order books led manufacturers to accelerate output, a business survey showed on Monday.
The HSBC Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI), compiled by Markit, rose to 53.3 in November from 51.6 in October, its highest since February 2013, and the thirteenth consecutive month of expansion in activity.
A Reuters poll had expected manufacturing activity to lose some steam and predicted the index would fall to 51.2.
New orders were supported by strong domestic demand for consumer goods while foreign orders remained robust. The sub-index soared to a 21-month high of 56.2 from October's 53.0.
The expansion in output encouraged manufacturers to add more jobs.
The survey also showed companies passed on additional input costs to consumers at a faster pace, which could revive inflationary pressures after several months of slowing.
"The pick-up in output prices could partly be signaling some revival in pricing power among businesses," said Pranjul Bhandari, chief India economist at HSBC.
Economic growth slowed to 5.3 per cent in the three months to September, from 5.7 per cent in the previous quarter, but the Reserve Bank of India is expected to stand pat on interest rates when it meets on Tuesday despite pressure from the government to lower borrowing costs.
The RBI's key lending rate is expected to remain unchanged at 8.0 per cent until at least April.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Reserve Bank of India rules hard on us  but we will comply: UberReserve Bank of India rules hard on us, but we will comply: Uber
Harsimran Julka & Madhav Chanchani, ET Bureau Dec 1, 2014, 04.00AM IST
(Uber says that under its…)
MUMBAI/NEW DELHI: Taxi hailing service Uber sharply criticised Indian rules that require two-step authentication of credit card transactions and sought 45 more days to comply with the central bank's directive on the issue.
On the backfoot after the Reserve Bank of India said customers could not be charged directly on their credit cards, Uber tied up earlier this month with mobile wallet provider Paytm but is complaining that the two-factor authentication is a sub-optimal way of doing business.
"While this requirement is intended to provide more security for consumers, it is an antiquated solution that is cumbersome for consumers and stifling for businesses across India," the company said in a blog post.
"We are going to comply with the norms. While its expensive and hard on us as it hurts the riders and partner drivers, we wanted to do the right thing," said Eric Alexander, head of business at Uber Asia.
Uber, in its blog post, described the requirement of two-factor authentication as "unnecessary and burdensome," but said it had "constructive discussions" with the RBI and is "committed to working with the Indian government to advance regulations that support innovation and job creation."
Uber is upping the ante in India, one of its most important markets, citing the business friendly image of the Narendra Modi government, saying it is eager to "assist in creating Indian government policies that encourage economic growth, spur foreign direct investment and facilitate job creation."
Uber is squaring off against Olacabs, a taxi aggregator founded by IIT-Bombay graduates Bhavish Aggarwal and Ankit Bhati. The Bangalore-based company last month raised $210 million (Rs 1,300 crore) in a round led by Softbank, giving it the financial muscle to establish itself as the market leader in India.
Uber says that under its tieup with Paytm, users can have a mobile wallet in which they can store money to be paid after a ride. The Paytm wallet is linked with debit cards, credit cards and net banking.
Passengers will no longer be able to pay directly using credit cards, a senior executive of the San Franciscobased company said.
Uber, which was valued at $17 billion in its last round of funding earlier this year, is expanding rapidly around the world but also facing opposition from many governments and taxi operators from Bangkok to Berlin where the authorities have declared the service to be illegal.
Just last week, Uber was forced to stop operations in the US state of Nevada and a court in Paris will decide in a few days whether the company is complying with regulations.
In India, too, Uber has run up against radio taxi operators who complained that the app illegally charged customers' credit cards without going through a layer of authentication mandated by the central bank. The Reserve Bank of India agreed with their contention and set November 30 as the deadline for mandatory use of two-step authentication of transactions.
Uber has been giving discounts and even free rides to incentivise users to move to the wallet. Typically these discounts are for new customers, but Uber started free rides for all customers during November 24-30.
At least three Uber drivers ET spoke to said they saw a sharp spike in bookings after the offer. "We used to get about five bookings a day. But with the free ride offer, our bookings daily have shot to about 10-12, with an average daily earning of Rs 3,000 this week," said Vishnu Kumar, a Delhi-based Uber driver.
Paytm also saw wallet downloads increase. "We saw tremendous increase in downloads in over 3 digit percentages. It has also increased our wallet usage as not all rides were under Rs 300," said Amit Lakhotia, vice-president for business at Paytm. The Paytm official declined to disclose the number of downloads.
But even with this spurt, Uber is expected to see a number of customers drop off as it changes the payment system. "If everyone would have converted, this would have been a no-brainer decision. But this has been gut-wrenching because it has significant impact on our user base," said Alexander.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ATC to pick up 51% in tower company Viom for $1 billionYou are here: Home > Collections > Tatas
American Tower Corp set to pick up 51% in tower company Viom for $1 billion
Arijit Barman & Anandita Singh Mankotia, ET Bureau Dec 1, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
American Tower Corp
(Viom’s enterprise valuation…)
NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: American Tower Corp (ATC) is close to sealing a deal worth $900 million-$1 billion to acquire a 51% stake in Viom Networks, which will be followed by a merger of the Indian unit of ATC with Viom, bringing the curtains down on year-long talks.
Viom is majority-owned by the Tatas (54%), who hold the stake through unlisted telecom arm Tata Teleservices.
Srei, promoted by the Kolkata-based Kanoria family, owns around 18.5% while the rest is held by a clutch of PE funds including IDFC Private Equity, SBI Macquarie, Oman Investment Fund, GIC of Singapore and AMP Capital.
According to multiple sources involved in the transaction, the first leg of the deal will see Srei sell its stake and exit Viom, while the Tatas will significantly pare their shareholding to 26-30%.
"While Macquarie, SBI and IDFC Private Equity will continue for certain, the decision of the other equity firms is not yet clear," said one of the people cited, referring to the first stage of the transaction.
The second phase of this twopronged process will see ATC merging its India portfolio of around 12,000 towers with Viom, which owns 42,000 towers, marking a substantial consolidation in the local telecom towers industry.
ATC will be the controlling shareholder of the merged entity, though the exact shareholding depends on the outcome of lastmile negotiations.
Viom's enterprise valuation is around Rs 18,000-19,000 crore, which includes over a billion dollars (Rs 6,500 crore) of debt.
ATC and Macquarie declined comment while the rest didn't respond to queries. One of the people quoted earlier told ET the agreement is almost final though some changes were possible.
Post merger, Tatas and remaining PE holders will get a stake in the combined entity, though their holdings will be diluted.
"In future, ATC would like to raise capital through an IPO of the combined ATC-Viom and that is when Tata Teleservices will look at a complete exit," said one the persons privy to the details of the deal, explaining why the Tatas have chosen to dilute their stake and not exit completely.
"The Tatas expect the valuations of their tower portfolio to rise under ATC's management."
Credit Suisse and Citi are the bankers to the deal.
Once signed, the deal will bring to an end over a year of protracted negotiations during which Viom's founders were also simultaneously looking at alternative means of raising funds, such as through local or an overseas listing, given the buoyancy in the stock markets.
With other suitors — which at one time included PE firms Carlyle, Providence and Malaysian telecom company Axiata, which has a significant stake in Idea Cellular — dropping out, ATC's bid remained the largest and the only formal offer.
Founded in 2009, Viom posted a profit of Rs 100 crore on revenues of Rs 4,900 crore for the year ended March 31, 2014. It recorded an operating margin of 56%. The company claims a tenancy ratio of 2.2 times and over 92,000 tenancies.
The firm trails Indus Towers, a venture promoted by the Bharti Group, Vodafone India and Aditya Birla Telecom, in India's telecom tower market, which is seeing a revival in tandem with the overall telecom sector. Indus operates some 1.1 lakh towers.
Viom gets more than 40% of its revenue from Tata Teleservices, 20% from Uninor and remaining from other operators. It has a master-level agreement to lease towers to Reliance Jio Infocomm at a market-determined price. The ATC deal would help the Tata Group pare some of the Rs28,000-crore debt of its telecom business. The funds can also be partly used to pay NTT DoCoMo for the Japanese company's stake in Tata Teleservices. The Tata Group is reportedly looking to exit the telecom sector.
Srei will use the cash for its other businesses, which include infrastructure development, and finance.
Nasdaq-listed ATC, on the other hand, has a comparatively smaller presence in the country, operating about 12,000 towers.
Last year, the company was looking to reduce its tower count as the telecom industry was going through a tough phase post the 2012 licence cancellations and the lack of investment by debt-ridden telcos.
But the US company has renewed its focus on India, with pricing power now returning to operators and the industry seeing massive growth of wireless data traffic. The successful spectrum auctions in February this year and another upcoming sale next February have also raised expectations of a spurt in tower demand as telecom operators are likely to aggressively roll out data services, which will require a large number of tower sites.
FEATURED ARTICLES

MEA to lobby Korea  Japan for shipping technologyYou are here: Home > Collections
Ministry of External Affairs to lobby Korea, Japan for shipping technology
Ruchika Chitravanshi, ET Bureau Dec 1, 2014, 10.24AM IST
Tags:
Cochin Shipyard
(“Why should these companies…)
NEW DELHI: GAIL India needs nine ships to ferry six million tonnes of liquefied natural gas that it's contracted to buy from the US starting September 2017. Of these, three LNG carriers need to be made in India.
But with key South Korean and Japanese shipbuilders staying away from bidding process for this, the shipping ministry has called on the foreign ministry for assistance.
The idea is to lobby South Korea to push its companies to provide technology support to domestic yards, especially since Samsung and Hyundai—both of which have shipbuilding arms of repute— have found a lucrative market in India for their refrigerators, cars, phones and other products. This is their chance to play a significant in the Make in India campaign to make the country a manufacturing base, the shipping ministry has argued.
"Why should these companies keep themselves only to auto, telecom sectors when we can really use their expertise in a crucial area like shipbuilding," a senior government official said. There doesn't seem to be much time left. Since India does not have the expertise, an international partner has to be finalised by 2015 to provide quality assurance, training and supervision.
The Shipping Corporation will be running these ships in partnership with GAIL. Only one company, South Korea's STX Offshore, has thus far agreed to share technology to make LNG vessels at Indian shipyards.
While STX Offshore matches most of the bid requirements, its poor net worth and weak order book raise concerns about viability. To be sure, the South Korean Development Bank , with a 97% stake in STX, has assured the government of its financial support for the GAIL project. Still, with just days to go before the last date for bids closes on December 4, GAIL is in a bit of a bind.
The shipping ministry wants leading shipbuilders, including Hyundai , Daewoo and Samsung to step up and offer to partner Indian shipyards, which have never built such vessels before. LNG carriers require highly specialised technology in order to store the gas in cryogenic conditions.
Japanese and South Korean shipyards are known for their expertise in making such vessels at a price that's competitive compared with European yards. However, government officials said that countries guard this knowhow closely and do not want to part with it even on commercial terms, which is why so few bids have come in.
Japanese yards have cited a labour crunch and said they don't have enough personnel to supervise construction in India, with too many orders to meet. Cochin Shipyard , which has partnered with Japan in ship design and construction before, failed to get a positive response from companies there.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Swadeshi Jagran Manch opposes Modi s bid to open up economy furtherYou are here: Home > Collections > Government
Swadeshi Jagran Manch opposes PM Narendra Modi's bid to open up economy further
Rasul Bailay & BHAVNA VIJ AURORA, ET Bureau Dec 1, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Agriculture
(The Manch is planning to…)
NEW DELHI: The Narendra Modi government's bid to win over investors, enhance India's manufacturing base and open up the economy could be blunted by resistance from the Swadeshi Jagran Manch (SJM), which may be striking the first dissenting notes on the administration's ambitious economic programme from within the Sangh Parivar.
SJM, the parivar arm that deals with economic policy and takes an avowedly nationalistic line, is set to restate its opposition to overseas investment in ecommerce and even plans to put its foot down against foreign funding for the marketplace model adopted by firms such as Amazon in India.
The outfit is also not convinced about the Make in India drive. It wants the Centre to spell out the policies governing the entry of foreign capital and companies for setting up factories in India.
For SJM, 'Made by Indians' is a better bet than 'Make in India', according to one member who didn't want to be named.
The latter is the tagline that PM Modi has given the campaign.
SJM also has questions about the government's FDI policy on insurance and defence, besides ecommerce, National Convener Arun Ojha told ET. In insurance, the government wants to raise the overseas investment cap to 49% from 26% while in defence the limit has already been lifted to this level by the Cabinet.
FDI is not allowed in online retail, so companies have instead turned themselves into marketplaces that facilitate buying and selling.
The Manch is planning to pass a resolution against FDI in ecommerce during its three-day national convention to be held in Bhubaneswar on December 26-28.
Ojha said there may be resolutions on other issues it feels strongly about.
In any case, the administration is said to be unenthusiastic about considering any change in the FDI policy on retail — both offline and online — right now.
Ojha took credit for this, expressing satisfaction that the government had heeded SJM's advice on FDI in retail. The next focus, he said, is ecommerce, including the marketplace model. He suggested there was a legal grey area that needed to be clarified.
"Multinational companies are coming through the backdoor in the name of platform, so we are quite apprehensive of all these developments, especially the way these companies are operating on a larger scale," said SJM National Co-Convener Ashwani Mahajan. "Legislation is yet to come even for the companies which are already here. Many of them have come in the garb of providing platform and nobody has raised voices against it.
The government can make laws if there is a grey area," he said.
SJM will try its best to stall any plans the government may have on allowing FDI in ecommerce, he said.
A senior BJP worker said the party was not unduly worried about this.
"We do not see a political confrontation happening on the issue. There are definitely differences and disagreements between the party and SJM, but a situation where the activists come out on the streets is not likely to happen," this person said.
In fact, he does not foresee FDI becoming a matter of confrontation in the next 20 years. "Whether you allow 49% FDI or 100%, it becomes an issue only when it starts coming in or investors show an interest," he said. According to him, it would take some time to create an environment in which private investors — domestic or foreign — want to do business with the government.
A BJP spokesperson declined comment and said the party would take a view only after any resolutions were passed.
  The argument against FDI in ecommerce overlooks some crucial facts, said an expert.
"On the one side you say you don't want international big retailers to come as it would take away the business of small retailers.
But what about Indian companies which themselves are owned more than half by FIIs (foreign institutional investors)?
If you look at Reliance, Aditya Birla Nuvo and DLF, almost 80% of their stocks are held by FIIs," said Harminder Sahni, founder, Wazir Advisors.
It also doesn't make sense to allow big companies into the sector as long as they are Indian if the rationale for the opposition is protection of small shops, he said.
The SJM move comes amid the Modi administration's drive to turn around global sentiment and make India an attractive destination for investors as it looks to boost growth by bringing more companies to India and creating manufacturing jobs.
Ecommerce is seen as being detrimental to the interests of small traders, a core constituency of the Sangh Parivar and therefore opening up retail is not something BJP is keen on either. But at the same time, it doesn't want to seem unwelcoming to investors, experts said.
Jack Ma, founder of ecommerce giant Alibaba, showed interest in doing business in India on his recent vi sit, during which he also met Modi. SJM feels the issue should be discussed and debated thoroughly as it has far-reaching repercussions.

Amazon s 15 000 wheeled robots army is ready to shipYou are here: Home > Collections
Amazon deploys over 15,000 wheeled robots to boost efficiency, deliver products to employees
Reuters Dec 1, 2014, 11.22AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(Amazon deployed the robots…)
TRACY, CALIFORNIA: Amazon.com Inc has installed more than 15,000 robots across 10 US warehouses, a move that promises to cut operating costs by one-fifth and get packages out the door more quickly in the run-up to Christmas.
The orange 320-pound (145 kg) robots, which scoot around the floor on wheels, show how Amazon has adopted technology developed by Kiva Systems, a robotics company it bought for $775 million in 2012. Amazon showcased to media on Sunday ahead of Cyber Monday, the biggest online shopping day of the year.
The robots are designed to help the leading US online retailer speed the time it takes to deliver items to customers and better compete with brick-and-mortar stores, where the bulk of Americans still do their shopping.
The robots also may help Amazon avoid the mishaps of last year's holiday season, when a surge of packages overwhelmed shipping and logistics company UPS and delayed the arrival of Christmas presents around the globe. Amazon offered shipping refunds and $20 gift cards to compensate customers.
Amazon deployed the robots this summer, ahead of the key holiday quarter, when the company typically books about one-third of its annual revenue. The updated warehouses are in five states -- California, Texas, Florida, New Jersey and Washington.
The move comes at a cost. Amazon estimated in June 2013 that it would spend about $46 million to install Kiva robots at its warehouse in Ruskin, Florida, including $26.1 million for the equipment, according to company filings to local government.
The Kiva robots have allowed Amazon to hold about 50 per cent more items and shorten the time it takes to offer same-day delivery in several areas, said Dave Clark, senior vice president of worldwide operations and customer services.
At Amazon's warehouse in Tracy, California, workers stack goods in shelves carried by more than 1,500 Kiva robots, which use markings on the floor to navigate and form a "big block of inventory," Clark said.
Squeezing the racks of items closely together eliminates the need for workers to navigate aisles to collect items ordered by consumers. Now, a worker calls for specific items and the robot steers itself to their particular work station. Each robot can carry as much as 720 pounds.
In some cases, the robots have allowed Amazon to get packages out the door in as little as 13 minutes from the pick stations, compared to about an hour and a half on average in older centres.
"It's certainly proving out that it's justified itself," Clark said of the Kiva acquisition. "We're happy with the economics of it."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Proton Iriz: Should the Brio competitor come to IndiaProton Iriz: Should the Honda Brio competitor come to India?
1 Dec, 2014
Source: indianautosblog.com
The Proton Iriz global hatchback which went on sale in Malaysia recently has made its Thai debut at the ongoing Thailand International Motor Expo 2014.
The Iriz which is based on an all-new platform is the first global model from the aspiring Malaysian automaker.

Asus Zenwatch: Five things to knowText: Karan Bajaj, ET Bureau
Asus announced their first smartwatch, Zenwatch at IFA 2014 in September.
The Android Wear watch is compatible with any smartphone running Android 4.3 and above.
While the availability of the watch in India is still slated for 2015, we were able to get our hands on the device for some time.

Bouncer crackdown  unlikely  after Hughes death: ICCTweet
0
A portrait is painted on a store display in memory of Phillip Hughes in his hometown Macksville.
LONDON - The chief executive of the International Cricket Council said on Sunday it was "unlikely" rules on the bowling of bouncers would be tightened despite the tragic death of Phillip Hughes .
Australia batsman Hughes died on Thursday, two days after he was struck on the neck and knocked unconscious by a bouncer from Sean Abbott while batting for South Australia against New South Wales in a Sheffield Shield match at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
Apart from fighting sports such as boxing, cricket remains one of the few games where aiming at the head is considered a legitimate tactic.
Currently, bowlers are allowed to deliver two bouncers per over in Tests and one-day internationals, and one per over in Twenty20 internationals, with similar rules applying in senior domestic cricket.
David Richardson, the ICC chief executive, said it was too soon to say if there would be a clamp down on bouncers but that his first thought was that the current restrictions would remain in place.
Perspective
"We need to try and keep our perspective," Richardson told BBC Radio Five.
When asked about changes to bouncer regulations, he replied: "It's a bit early to determine, but my initial reaction is that it's unlikely.
"People have died by being struck on the heart before. I don't think cricket needs to over-react, but do what we can," the former South Africa wicket-keeper added.
Meanwhile Australia great Adam Gilchrist defended the use of bouncers, telling the BBC he regarded them as "part and parcel of the challenge between bat and ball".
The former wicketkeeper-batsman instead suggested that changing the design of the standard batting helmet -- which Hughes was wearing at the time of his fatal accident -- so that it covered more of the neck area, would be a more practical change worth considering.
"I guess we could extend the helmet a little bit further down the back of the neck," Gilchrist said.
"We've always thought it is maybe the temple, the cheekbones, the skull itself that we needed to protect -- and that still remains -- but now we are going to look at any ways of curtailing blows to the neck."
As well as tributes to Hughes, there has also been widespread sympathy within cricket for Abbott.
"It's going to be something that haunts him every day for the rest of his life," said former England fast bowler Bob Willis.
"It's not something that you can put out of your mind," added Willis, who felled helmet-less Pakistan tailender Iqbal Qasim with a bouncer in a Test at Edgbaston in 1978 in an incident that did not prove fatal.
"It's a burden that he (Abbott) is going to have to bear," the ex-England captain said.
Hughes' funeral will take place on Wednesday in his hometown of Macksville in northern New South Wales, with the first Test between Australia and India in Brisbane, due to start Thursday, postponed.
No new start date for the Australia-India series opener has yet been announced.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Vijay Mallya quits as MCF director  shares zoomVijay Mallya quits as MCF director, shares zoom
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 02, 2014 12:56 AM IST
In a surprise move, UB Group Chairman Vijay Mallya has quit as head of Mangalore Chemicals & Fertilizers (MCF), which has been in the midst of a takeover battle between the Shailesh Mehta-led Deepak Fertilizers and the Saroj Poddar-controlled Adventz Group.
On Monday, MCF informed BSE that Mallya, chairman of the company, had resigned with immediate effect.
In a related move, the now-collapsed Kingfisher Airlines informed stock exchanges that the Ministry of Corporate Affairs had rejected its application for the Centre’s approval for the re-appointment of Vijay Mallya as the company’s managing director for five years from October 16, 2013, without remuneration.
Adventz Group is known to be close to Mallya. Both Deepak Fertilizers and the Adventz-Mallya combine now have significant stakes in the company, while the UB Group has been reduced to a minority shareholder.
Adventz had an agreement with Mallya that the UB Group chief would continue to hold the post of MCF chairman for five years, irrespective of his holding.
Analysts said Mallya’s exit from the MCF board might be part of an understanding between Poddar and Mallya to ensure the company managed to secure funding from banks. As Mallya had given personal bank guarantees for Kingfisher Airlines, many banks weren’t willing to give loans to other entities related to Mallya, who owed about Rs 7,000 crore to Indian banks. In September, United Bank of India had declared Mallya a “wilful defaulter”, making it difficult for Mallya-related entities to access funds.
Apart from banks, Mallya has defaulted on staff salaries, provident fund, the tax department and caterers, too.
Other members of the MCF board, which has annual revenue of Rs 3,310 crore, are Mallya confidant S R Gupte, independent director Prateep Narayan, whole-time director K Prabhakar Rao and Managing Director Deepak Anand. Gupte has also been declared a “wilful defaulter” by United Bank of India, as he was on the board of Kingfisher Airlines.
A source close to Adventz Group said the MCF board was likely to be restructured in the coming days. Emails and text messages sent to Mallya did not elicit any response. A Deepak Fertilizer official said the company was “clueless” about MCF.
Reacting to Mallya’s resignation from MCF, the company’s shares soared 15 per cent but later shed some gains to close at Rs 89.25 apiece on BSE, up 9.38 per cent.
Mallya’s resignation comes as a surprise, as under a deal signed in May this year, he was to have a considerable say in the management of MCF even if Adventz Group secured control of the company after a bidding war with Deepak Fertilizers. Mallya was to be the chairman for five years. He could also appoint three directors on the MCF board and have the right of first refusal on Poddar’s shares. Adventz Group could appoint only one director, according to its filings with stock exchanges during its counter-offer to Deepak Fertilizer’s open offer in May.
The agreement was signed as UB Group wasn’t in a position to finance the competing offer, while Adventz was willing to do so, as well as participate in the management of MCF.

Competition Commission Suggests Changes to Sun-Ranbaxy Deal: ReportCourt Refuses to Let Off Hindalco in Coal Block Case
New Delhi: After a detailed scrutiny, fair trade watchdog CCI has suggested Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy to make certain changes in their proposed $4 billion merger deal, including possible divestment of some brands, to address anti-competitive concerns.
The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has finalised its view on the mega deal, also the first transaction that was subject to public scrutiny, and the same has been conveyed to the concerned parties.
The deal, which CCI has prima-facie found to be in violation of competition norms, was inked in April this year and has been awaiting clearance from the competition watchdog since then.
Sources said the regulator is now awaiting response from the parties on the suggested changes.
Among others, CCI is believed to have suggested divestment of some brands in order to comply with competition norms, they added.
Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy transaction, which would create the country's largest pharmaceutical company, had come under close scrutiny of CCI after it was found prima-facie that the "combination is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition".
The combined entity would have operations in 65 countries, 47 manufacturing facilities across 5 continents, and a significant platform of speciality and generic products marketed globally. The deal is also the first one where the commission sought public comments.
Major issues examined by CCI on the deal are with respect to the molecules market.
The public scrutiny of the deal, which would create the fifth largest speciality generics company in the world, ended on September 24.
This big ticket deal in the pharma space is also the first M&A transaction to have gone through public scrutiny.
Story first published on: December 01, 2014 16:02 (IST)

Bio-Bus: A bus powered by food and human waste!Bus powered by food and human waste!
1 Dec, 2014
Tweet
Economictimes.com
Recently, UK's first food and human waste-powered bus took to the road. UK hopes that the bus will provide a sustainable way of fuelling public transport, by cutting emissions in polluted towns and cities.
We take a look at the salient advantages of the bus:

ZTE Grand S II with a 5.5-inch display  13MP camera launched at Rs 13 999 in India18
0
New Delhi: Chinese handset makers, ZTE has launched its Grand S II smartphone in India. The phone, priced at Rs 13,999, is exclusively available on e-commerce portal Amazon.in .
The smartphone with a 5.5-inch multi-touch full high-definition (HD) screen display and has a Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 quad-core processor and 2 GB of RAM with an in-built storage capacity of 16 GB, which can be further extended up to 32 GB.
The phone also has a 13 megapixel rear camera and a 5 megapixel front camera. It runs on Android OS and is equipped with a 2500 mAh battery.
The phone is exclusively available on e-commerce portal Amazon.in. It has an in-built storage capacity of 16 GB.
#zte #zte grand sii #android #smartphones
"Our growing customer base is the testimony of Indian consumers increasing trust in ZTE products," Yuan Kang, chief executive officer, Mobile Business, ZTE India said.
"We are witnessing a significant demand of smartphones on Amazon.in and we see this as a great opportunity to offer customers across India the ease, convenience and joy of shopping for a great product," Samir Kumar, director, category management, Amazon India said.
4

Intel acquires PasswordBox  a service that lets you log into websites without having to type or remember passwordsHow Amazon is taking help of robots to speed up delivery process
Dec 01, 2014 at 05:10pm IST
Intel acquires PasswordBox, a service that lets you log into websites without having to type or remember passwords
2
2
Toronto: Intel said on Monday it has acquired PasswordBox, a Montreal-based identity management service that gives users a convenient way to log into websites and applications from any device without having to type or remember passwords.
The purchase price for the privately held Canadian start-up was not disclosed.
PasswordBox, founded in 2012, will become a part of the Safe Identity organization within Intel Security Group, said the Santa Clara, California-based chipmaker in a statement.
PasswordBox is an identity management service that lets users log into websites and apps from any device without having to type or remember passwords.
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Sebi Eases OFS Norms for Retail InvestorsYou are here: Home Market
Sebi Eases OFS Norms for Retail Investors
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 01, 2014 23:46 (IST)
Mumbai: Easing the norms, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) on Monday said retail investors can put in their bids at a cut-off price for shares sold through the offer for sale (OFS) route.
OFS is one of the preferred routes for companies to offload their shares through the secondary market.
"To make it easier for retail investors to participate in OFS, it has been decided that seller may give an option to retail investors to place their bid at cut-off price in addition to placing price bids," Sebi said in a circular.
Bidding at cut-off price means that the bidder is willing to pay whatever is the final price arrived at for the share sale. Till now, only price bids could be placed by retail investors in OFS.
With the latest change, there would be more flexibility for retail investors who want to participate in OFS.
According to the circular, sellers should mandatorily announce the floor price latest by 5 pm a day before the OFS to stock exchanges.
"Exchanges will decide upon the quantity of shares eligible to be considered as retail bids, based upon the floor price declared by the seller," it noted.
Now, retail investors can enter a price bid or opt for bidding at cut-off price. Also, there would be no indicative price for the retail portion.
"Margin for bids placed at cut-off price shall be at the floor price and for price bids at the value of the bid... Allocation to retail investors shall be made based on the cut-off price determined in the non-retail category," the circular said.
The seller can offer discount to retail investors on the cut-off price.
According to Sebi, retail bids below the cut-off price would be rejected and those at cut-off price would be allocated on proportionate basis in case of over subscription.
"... in respect of bids in the retail category, clearing corporation shall collect margin to the extent of 100 per cent of order value in cash or cash equivalents," the circular added.
Sebi had first introduced the OFS mechanism in July 2012 to help listed private companies comply with the minimum 25 per cent public shareholding norm and state-owned firms to meet the requirement of a 10 per cent public float.
Story first published on: December 01, 2014 23:19 (IST)

Bank Unions Plan Relay Strike From TodayYou are here: Home Industries
Bank Unions Plan Relay Strike From Today
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 02, 2014 08:43 (IST)
Court Refuses to Let Off Hindalco in Coal Block Case
Mumbai: Banking services are likely to be affected for the next four days as employees of PSU banks plan to go on a zone-wise relay strike beginning with the southern region on Tuesday, after wage revision talks failed here on Monday.
The decision came after talks at a conciliation meeting called by the Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner of Mumbai, the Indian Banking Association (IBA) and the United Forum of Banking Unions (UFBU) failed. The UFBU represents about five workmen unions and four officers' associations.
Accordingly, the first phase of the relay strike would be held in southern part of the country on December 2, followed by northern India on December 3, eastern India on December 4 and western India on December 5.
"The government and the IBA want us to call off our strike and then participate in negotiations, which is not acceptable to us," said UFBU's convener for Maharashtra, Vishwas Utagi.
"They are not serious about wage revisions and so we are going ahead with our relay strike," said Mr Utagi, who is also senior vice-president of the All India Bank Employees' Association.
Bank unions, which have demanded an immediate wage revision, had observed a national one-day strike on November 12.
Besides wage revision, bank unions have also demanded a reduction in the number of working days of employees to five days from six days as well as regulated working hours for officers.
Banking sector wages and service conditions are governed by industry-level bipartite settlements signed between the IBA and unions.
The last bipartite settlement was signed on April 27, 2010 and was valid from November 1, 2007 to October 31, 2012. All banks which gave mandate to the IBA to negotiate on their behalf are parties to the settlement.
However, the IBA appealed to bank unions today, to call off the strike, urging them to return to the negotiation table.
"In recent years, while operating profits of state-owned banks showed some growth, their net profit has been declining. Staff expenses have gone up due to increases in dearness allowances which compensate for impact of inflation. As such, banks are not in a position to accept the union demand for a 23 per cent hike in salary and allowances," IBA said in a statement on Monday.
IBA said that banks are required to implement Basel-III norms by 2018 for which additional capital has to be infused and raising capital from the market would require banks to better their profitability.
Considering the current paying capacity of banks, IBA has offered a 11 per cent hike in salary and allowances.
"However, the IBA is willing to negotiate further if unions or associations reduce their demand substantially from 23 per cent," IBA said.
IBA also called the relay zonal strike from Monday "as unreasonable, unethical and unwarranted".
"We appeal to unions or associations to give up the agitational path and return to the negotiating table," the IBA statement said.
Story first published on: December 02, 2014 08:43 (IST)

LPG Rate Cut by Rs 113; Jet Fuel by 4.1%You are here: Home Commodities
LPG Rate Cut by Rs 113, Jet Fuel Prices by 4.1%
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 01, 2014 15:22 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
New Delhi: Price of non-subsidised cooking gas (LPG) was today cut by a steep Rs 113 per cylinder and that of jet fuel (ATF) by 4.1 per cent as international oil rates slumped to multi-year lows.
A 14.2-kg cylinder of non-subsidised LPG will now cost Rs 752, down from Rs 865 previously, in Delhi, oil companies announced today.
This is the fifth straight reduction in rates of non-subsidised or market priced LPG, which the customers buy after exhausting their quota of 12 cylinders at subsidized rates, since August.
In five monthly reduction, non-domestic LPG rates have been slashed by Rs 170.5 per cylinder, bringing the price at three-year lows.
On similar lines, the price of aviation turbine fuel (ATF), or jet fuel, at Delhi was cut by Rs 2,594.93 per kilolitre, or 4.1 per cent, to Rs 59,943 per kl. This is the fifth straight monthly reduction in rates.
This reduction follows a steep 7.3 per cent or Rs 4,987.7 per kl, cut in prices on November 1.
Since August, ATF prices have been cut by 14.5 per cent or Rs 10,218.76 per kl and rates have dipped below Rs 60,000 per kl level for the first time in three years.
Brent, the benchmark grade for more than half of the world's oil, have dropped to $68.34 a barrel, the lowest level since October 2009. Prices declined 18 per cent last month and are 38 per cent lower in 2014.
In Mumbai, jet fuel will cost Rs 61,695 per kl from today as against Rs 64,414.98 per kl previously. The rates vary because of differences in local sales tax or VAT.
Jet fuel constitutes over 40 per cent of an airline's operating costs and the price cut will ease the financial burden of cash-strapped carriers.
No immediate comment was available from airlines on the impact of the price cut on passenger fares.
The three fuel retailers -- IOC, Hindustan Petroleum Corp and Bharat Petroleum Corp -- revise jet fuel and non-subsidised LPG prices on the first of every month, based on the average international prices in the preceding month.
Yesterday, oil companies had cut petrol price by 91 paisa a litre and diesel by 84 paisa per litre. The seventh reduction in price since August has meant that petrol costs Rs 63.33 a litre in Delhi, Rs 10.27 per litre less than what it cost in July.
The third reduction in diesel rates in one month has led to price coming down to Rs 52.51 a litre.
Non-subsidised LPG in Delhi was priced at Rs 922.50 in July and rates have in every subsequent month been reduced.
Story first published on: December 01, 2014 15:20 (IST)

An online tracking system for mangoes to tra...International consumers may soon be able to track farm origin of Indian mangoes
Jayashree Bhosale, ET Bureau Dec 2, 2014, 11.43AM IST
Tags:
EU
(The EU had imposed a temporary…)
PUNE: India plans to introduce a system to allow international consumers of Indian mangoes to trace back the fruit to its farm of origin through the internet as part of its efforts to persuade the European Union to lift ban on Indian mangoes.
Government agencies are working to put in place 'Mangonet' — an online traceability system that will register mango growers and exporters and enable importers and supermarkets in the European Union (EU) to check complete details of their shipments — on the lines of the successful 'Grapenet'.
"The success of Grapenet has encouraged us to replicate the system in mangoes," said Sudhanshu, deputy general manager of Agricultural and Processed Food Products Export Development Authority.
The EU had imposed a temporary ban on Alphonso mangoes and four vegetables from India from May 1, stating that it had found fruit fly infestation in the fruit.
This impacted exports to the United Kingdom (UK), the second largest export market for Indian mangoes after the UAE. Following the ban, Maharashtra, the largest exporter of mangoes in the country, started using HortiSAP, an IT-based pest surveillance system extensively for mangoes.
An EU audit committee visited export facilities in India two months ago, following which, the government agencies and exporters are hopeful that the ban would be lifted next year.
"The EU audit committee has seen the sea change in our set up," said Sudhanshu. Maharashtra's horticulture department has recruited about 70 to 80 agricultural graduates to monitor mango orchards in eight mango-exporting districts in the state for early detection of any pest/disease incidence. They get online advisories from the National Centre for Integrated Pest Management in New Delhi.
Field staff use iPads and Skype to communicate regularly with the officials at the state headquarters about the state of crop, pest, diseases and registration of farmers.
Govind Hande, chief inspecting authority for phytosanitary certification in Maharashtra, said, "We have provided a list of pesticides with label claim to the mango growers. They will get 'fit for export' certificate only if their samples pass all the tests. If the samples have a problem, the exporters will get alert notice." Mango exporters are hopeful that the online system will help boost their business.
"The Grapenet system gave very good results. As Mangonet will be on similar lines, it will be good for mango exports," said Kaushal Khakar, CEO at Mumbaibased KB Exports.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infosys  Hero MotoCorp  IRB Infra in Focus TodayYou are here: Home Cheat Sheet
Infosys, Hero MotoCorp, IRB Infra in Focus Today
NDTV | Updated On: December 02, 2014 09:52 (IST)
Tweet
The Nifty opened lower on Tuesday tracking futures trade on Singapore Stock Exchange. Both foreign and domestic investors remained net sellers of Indian equities on Monday. Domestic investors sold stocks worth Rs 555 crore, while foreign investors were net sellers to the tune of Rs 12 crore only in cash market. Market will look for cues from the RBI's credit policy due to be announced today.
Here are the stocks likely to see action today:
Infosys: Shares of Infosys goes ex-bonus today. The company had announced 1 bonus share for every one share held in the company. Those shareholders who will be buying shares of Infosys today will not be eligible for bonus issue.
Hero MotoCorp reported 3 per cent year-on-year (y-o-y) jump in its auto sales for the month of November to 5.47 lakh units. Nomura had estimated its November sales at 5.34 lakh units.
Tata Motors' November auto sales grew 2 per cent y-o-y to 41,720 units against 40,863 units in November 2013. Nomura had estimated its November sales at 40,600 units.
Pfizer/Wyeth: Drug maker Pfizer on Monday announced completion of its merger with Wyeth. Post this merger Pfizer becomes one among the top ten pharmaceutical companies in India by market share.
IRB Infrastructure Developers announced that Pathankot-Amritsar BOT Project, which was implemented by its wholly-owned SPV, has been issued a provisional completion certificate by the competent authority with effect from November 27, 2014. Post this the SPV has started collecting toll on this project from November 28.
Dewan Housing Finance: Board of Directors of the company have approved fund raising plans to raise up to Rs 10,000 crore through issue of commercial papers on private placement basis.
Sun Pharma Advanced Research Company (SPARC) receives Complete Response Letter (CRL) from USFDA for Latanoprost NDA, which indicates the drug will not be approved in present form and will be delayed for few months.
Story first published on: December 02, 2014 09:52 (IST)

Norwegian Pension Fund Sells Stakes in 4 Indian FirmsYou are here: Home Corporates
Norwegian Pension Fund Sells Stakes in 4 Indian Firms
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 02, 2014 00:21 (IST)
Court Refuses to Let Off Hindalco in Coal Block Case
Oslo/New Delhi: Norwegian pension fund KLP has sold its entire stakes in at least four Indian companies including NTPC and Coal India as well as 23 other firms worldwide as it looks to embrace more climate-friendly firms.
The move is part of the fund's strategy to pull out of companies that derive a substantial proportion of their revenues from coal.
"KLP's first evaluation of coal holdings resulted in divestment of equities and bonds in 27 companies for a total amount of 386 million Norwegian kroner (NOK)," the fund said in a statement on Monday.
The fund has exited from four Indian entities - Coal India, NTPC, Tata Power and Reliance Power.
Among others, KLP has sold stakes in American Electric Power Co, China Coal Energy Comp, CLP Holdings Ltd, Datang International Power Generation Comp, Exxaro Resources Ltd, Peabody Energy Corp and Turquoise Hill Resources Ltd.
In November, KLP had announced plans to invest an additional NOK 500 million in the development of new renewable energy capacity.
At the same time, KLP is pulling out of companies that derive a substantial proportion of their revenues from coal (see the list below). KLPs first evaluation of coal holdings resulted in divestment of equities and bonds in 27 companies for a total amount of 386 million Norwegian kroner.
"This is the first step in an effort to purge our investments of coal. We have attempted to establish a sensible balance between investments in new renewable energy production, divestment of coal companies and the exertion of shareholder influence," the statement said.
The next step would be to press companies to move in a more climate-friendly direction and reduce their carbon emissions.
"Companies with substantial coal-based operations which prove unwilling or unable to change, will run the risk of being excluded," said Jeanett Bergan, head of responsible investment at KLP.
Story first published on: December 01, 2014 23:59 (IST)

Jurors to hear Steve Jobs testimony at Apple trialEmpowering technologies can add up to $1 trillion to Indian economy by 2025: McKinsey
A billion-dollar class-action lawsuit over Apple’s iPod music players heads to trial tomorrow in a California federal court after nearly a decade in legal wrangling.
Attorneys for consumers and electronics retailers claim Apple Inc used software in its iTunes store that forced would-be song buyers to use iPods instead of cheaper music players made by rivals.
The software is no longer used, but the plaintiffs argue that it inflated the prices of millions of iPods sold between 2006 and 2009 to the tune of USD 350 million.
Under federal antitrust law, the tech giant could be ordered to pay three times that amount if the jury agrees with the estimate and finds the damages resulted from anti-competitive behavior.
Underscoring the case’s hoary origins, it was filed in January 2005, which is eons ago by Silicon Valley standards, one of the key witnesses will be legendary Apple CEO Steve Jobs, who died in 2011 but will be heard in a videotaped deposition.
“The fact that this case is still going 10 years later is a sign that technology often outpaces law,” said Mark Lemley, a Stanford law professor.
Attorneys are set to make opening statements tomorrow morning in the Oakland, California courtroom of US District Judge Yvonne Gonzalez Rogers.
The case harkens back to the early days of digital music and portable devices, when Apple quickly became the world’s biggest legal seller of downloaded songs after launching its iTunes store in 2003.
By agreement with major record companies, which were wary of unauthorised copying and file-sharing services like Napster and Kazaa, Apple encoded the songs sold through iTunes with “digital rights management” software that prevented unauthorized copying. The same software, known as FairPlay, was also built into iPods.
But Apple’s FairPlay was incompatible with anti-copying code used by other online music sellers, such as the RealPlayer Music Store operated by RealNetworks, an Internet streaming company based in Seattle. As a result, songs from rival online stores could not be played on iPods, and songs purchased on iTunes could not be played on competing portable devices, including Microsoft’s Zune and Diamond Multimedia’s Rio music player.
TAGS: Apple Steve Jobs
More from industry
Concerted effort to manipulate machinery: Court in coal case Industrialist Kumar Mangalam Birla's letters to the then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh sought to re-open the issue of allocation...

Sensex trades flat; auto stocks plungeUpdated: December 2, 2014 12:20 IST
Sensex down after RBI keeps policy rate unchanged
pti
market and exchange
After falling over 173 points in the early trade, the BSE Sensex on Tuesday moved briefly into the positive terrain even as the RBI kept the key interest rate unchanged, but was again trading lower at noon.
The Sensex, which shed 173.16 points in early trade, bounced back to trade 16.77 points higher at 28,576.39 at 1130 hours (IST).
The gains in capital goods, metal, power, healthcare and banking stocks, had helped the key indices to trade in positive zone for a while.
However, the Sensex was trading in the red again at 28,411.62 at noon.
Similarly, the National Stock Exchange index Nifty was trading at 8,518.20, down 0.44 per cent.

Chhattisgarh Maoist attack: Rajnath visit to ambush site shelved; injured to be airliftedRajnath vows to continue the fight against Maoists
HT COrrespondent , Hindustan Times  Raipur, December 02, 2014
First Published: 10:04 IST(2/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:59 IST(3/12/2014)
Comments
A day after the attack in Sukma, Union home minister Rajnath Singh cited the Maoist problem as a national challenge and expressed the need to review the ongoing strategic steps and existing security situation. 
CRPF personnel, injured in the Maoist attack in Sukma on Monday are treated in a hospital in Jagdalpur. (HT Photo)
During his visit to Raipur on Tuesday, the home minister said, “We have to put a united fight against such challenge. We will review and take all strategic steps to deal with the Maoist problem and our fight will continue”. He will make a sou moto statement in Parliament on Wednesday on the attacks.
According to sources, the Maoists managed to carry off more than a dozen sophisticated weapons of security personnel from the Monday’s encounter site, including about 10 AK 47/56 rifles, one self-loading rifle, an INSAS rifle and about 400 rounds of ammunition in the gunfight.
Preliminary reports suggest that more than a dozen Maoists also died in the encounter.
Singh paid homage to the CRPF personnel who were killed in Maoist encounter near Chintagufa on Monday. He also visited critically injured jawans in the hospital.
HT reported on Tuesday that the IAF failed to send choppers after the encounter. The IAF in its rejoinder sent to HT clarified that the helicopters were sent as soon as clearance was given as per the ministry of home affairs (MHA) and IAF joint procedures. IAF maintained that the area must be sanitized before the chopper lands there. The sources said the helicopters were not launched as they could have been targeted if the area had not been sanitised.
The IAF has assigned six Mi-17 choppers to support the state and central police forces engaged in anti-naxal operations in Chattisgarh and Jharkand. 
The home minister declared that the families of those killed in the attack will get `38 lakhs while injured personnel would be given Rs65,000 besides free medical treatment.
After arriving in Raipur, Singh held a high level meeting of the senior officials of the state police, CPRF, intelligence and top bureaucrats at Rajbhawan and reviewed the situation. Chief minister Raman Singh and the state home minister Ram Sewak Paikra also attended the meeting. The union home minister’s plan to visit Bastar was shelved.

Delhi: Union minister uses expletives during poll campaign  kicks up stormComments
Minister of state for food processing industries Niranjan Jyoti Tuesday tendered an apology in Parliament for using abusive language at an election campaign in Delhi but failed to douse the opposition fire even as the Bharatiya Janata Party Tuesday said the issue should not be stretched.
Minister of state for food processing industries Niranjan Jyoti used expletives while campaigning for the BJP in Delhi. (HT File Photo)
On Monday, Jyoti had said people of Delhi must decide if they wanted a government of Ramzaadon (followers of Ram) or a government of those who are illegitimate.
Union minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said in Rajya Sabha the government did not support Jyoti's remark, but he also asked the Opposition to "maintain decorum."
Naqvi said those in the government and the opposition should use dignified language and in the past UPA ministers too had crossed the line many times.
As Rajya Sabha session was adjourned for a third time, finance minister Arun Jaitley said Jyoti's comments were "improper and unacceptable".
He said since the minister had apologised and withdrawn her statement, "what happens outside isn't within domain of this House".
But BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra seemed to be defending her by saying it was a "slip of tongue" and the issue should not be politicised.
The saffron party also hit out at Congress, saying several of its leaders too have made objectionable remarks in the past.
"But have they ever been asked to resign? When did Congress sack them from the party? And they are called experienced leaders while Sadhvi Niranjan has become MP for the first time," UP BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpai said.
According to reports, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has asked party MPs to abstain from addressing the nation and also condemned the comments made by Jyoti.
Modi asked the MPs to avoid making uncalled for statements at the parliamentary board meeting held ahead of Parliament session on Tuesday.
Opposition demands resignation
The issue rocked both the Houses as agitated opposition MPs disrupted proceedings, seeking an explanation from the Prime Minister and demanding an apology from Jyoti, who joined the Narendra Modi's cabinet early last month.
The remarks drew the ire of Opposition which protested in Parliament following which Jyoti expressed "deep regret" and apologised for her actions saying she did not intend to hurt anyone's feelings.
"My intention was not to hurt anyone. If my speech outside the House has hurt anyone, I express my deep regrets," Jyoti said in Lok Sabha.
She said if certain words spoken by her outside the House have hurt someone, she is ready to take back her words and offer regrets. She also said she is ready to seek an apology.
The Opposition, however, refused to accept her apology and said she must resign or should be removed from her post.
Drama in House
As soon as Lok Sabha met for the day, Mallikarjun Kharge, leader of the Congress, took up the issue with Speaker Sumitra Mahajan.
Kharge said the "objectionable" language used by Jyoti had created tension at a time when there had been quite a few communal riots.
Several Congress and Trinamool Congress members, too, rushed to the Well, shouting slogans.
Both Houses saw brief adjournments over the protests, even as Mahajan cautioned all members to be mindful of their speech.
"The Prime Minister should give an explanation," Congress leader Anand Sharma said.
Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) supremo Mayawati said the minister's remarks were against the secular ethos espoused by the Constitution and do not behold a person occupying a constitutional post.
The BJP should sack her, she said.
Mayawati and CPI(M) MP Sitaram Yechury demanded that an FIR be filed against Jyoti.
The Congress alleged that Jyoti had insulted the people of Delhi and she should issue an apology while the Aam Aadmi Party said it was the BJP's real face.
"The divisive thinking and divisive politics of the BJP has been exposed," Congress leader Ambika Soni said.
Manish Sisodia of Aam Aadmi Party said, "This is the real character of BJP. Their language shows what kind of work they are doing at the Centre and what kind of work they will do for Delhi."
Members of Congress, TMC, SP and other opposition parties rushed to the Well during the uproar over her remarks leading to four adjournments in Rajya Sabha and one in Lok Sabha during pre-lunch sitting.
Later, outside Parliament, the minister was asked about demands for her resignation.
"I have apologised and I have nothing else to say," she replied.
Following the controversy, Jyoti said, "I did not take name of any particular individual, community or party. I was talking about separatist parties and leaders who think of dividing the country..."
She later clarified her statement was for those who didn't believe in Ram and unified India, adding her remarks must not be given any communal overtone.
"Those who have sold the country, made it bankrupt, people will not voter for such people. Is it a crime to talk about Ram? How can talking about Ram be communal?"
"Muslims offer namaz in mosques, we do no object. Christians pray in churches, we do not object. Then talking about Ram should not be termed as communal. And those who call me communal, I would say what could be more communal than this."
"Do you want a government of people who believe in Ram, a government that believes in people. And i would like to say one more thing, be it Hindu or a Christian in the country, he is an offspring of Ram. And those who refuse to believe this, will never believe in this country also," she said.
Jyoti is credited with helping the ruling BJP make inroads among the Dalit and backward classes in the politically crucial state of Uttar Pradesh.
She is among the six BJP MPs drafted into the party's campaign for the Delhi polls due early next year.
( With PTI inputs)

Second phase of polling underway in J-K  Jharkhand amid tight securityComments
Voters walked on frost and through a blanket of fog to log an overwhelming 71% turnout in the second phase of assembly election in militancy-hit Jammu and Kashmir on Tuesday, just shy of the first-round figure.
Kashmiri voters queue at a polling station in Handwara, about 70 kms north of capital Srinagar. (AFP photo)
Jharkhand, another insurgency-hit state to go to polls, recorded 66.38% polling despite this phase coinciding with an annual event of the Maoists’ military wing, the People’s Liberation Guerrilla Army.
People of both states defied fear of attack following poll boycott calls by separatists and insurgents, especially residents of frontier areas along the Line of Control in Jammu and Kashmir where 80% polling was recorded in some booths. Kulgam, close to Shopian where back-to-back militant attacks on two sarpanches have rocked the area, showed its contempt for violence with an impressive turnout.
The only people complaining about the cold were the election staff stationed at a godown-turned-booth without heating and food. Voters kept themselves warm with traditional fire pots (kangri) and animated conversations on “change” — the leitmotif of this year’s poll.
“I voted for the Muslim United Front in 1987 but the government murdered democracy then. I picked up the gun and joined militant ranks, but even that didn’t change the political problem. I boycotted all the elections … today I am voting for change,” said 47-year-old former separatist Abdul Gani Lone, who is now a contractor.
Another former separatist, Sajad Gani Lone, who is the People’s Conference candidate for the Handwara seat, had stirred the poll pot calling Prime Minister Narendra Modi an “elder brother”.
In Jharkhand, the fate of two former CMs and three CM probables were sealed in ballot boxes. “We elect the CM, not merely an MLA,” said a BJP supporter in Kharsawan, where former CM Arjun Munda is contesting for a record fifth time.
A crow’s flight away, Chaibasa’s BJP candidate JB Tubid, a former home secretary, is tipped to be CM by dint of his tribal identity. Jamshedpur East and West have two of the BJP’s most powerful leaders and CM probables, Raghubar Das and Saryu Roy.
Former CM Madhu Koda, infamous for his alleged involvement in a multi-crore money laundering scam, is trying his luck from Majhgaon under the banner of Jai Bharat Samanta Party.
Voting was held in 20 constituencies, 16 of them reserved for schedule tribe candidates spread over seven districts. “The overall turnout was 59.46% in 2009 elections in 20 constituencies, which has now crossed the 66% mark,” an election official said, adding the percentage might partially increase after final figures arrive in a day or two.
(With inputs from Sanjoy Dey in Ranchi)

Sinha retires  Centre complicates CBI chief selectionSinha retires, Centre complicates CBI chief selection
Aloke Tikku , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 02, 2014
First Published: 00:46 IST(2/12/2014) | Last Updated: 10:50 IST(2/12/2014)
A panel chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi will meet Tuesday to name the next CBI director, but an oversight while making changes to a law has made its task a tad complicated.
 
The three-member panel, it turns out, may have to recommend more than one name to the government to pick from to lead the country’s premier investigating agency.
 
This also means that the Modi government will have to again amend the CBI law, changes to which were made barely a week ago to give the opposition a voice in appointing India’s top sleuth.
The government had earlier intended that the high-powered committee recommend one officer’s name to succeed Ranjit Sinha, who retires Tuesday. But a provision in the law — spotted recently — requires a panel of officers, not one name, be proposed.
The PM-led panel would seek to build consensus on a single name even if more than one name have to be formally included in its recommendations, sources said.
“The law is clear and we will go by the law tomorrow,” a senior department of personnel and training official told HT Monday.
For the future, however, the Modi government intends to amend the law so that the committee recommends only one name.
Apart from the PM, the two other members are Congress leader in the Lok Sabha Mallikarjun Kharge and Chief Justice of India HL Dattu or his nominee.
This is the first time that a CBI director is being selected on a bipartisan basis. The new appointment process comes in the backdrop of Sinha’s controversial term.
“You can write I did only bad work…enough dirt has already been cast on me,” he said, when asked to comment on his two-year tenure.
The provision that slipped undetected is Section 4A (3) of the Delhi Special Police Establishment Act. Introduced in 2003 when a committee headed by the central vigilance commissioner (CVC) shortlisted eligible candidates, it says, “the committee shall recommend a panel of officers”. But when the CVC committee was replaced by the one headed by the PM, it slipped everyone’s attention that Section 4A (3) also needed to be amended.
“We are going to go to the cabinet very soon to introduce the concept of a search committee to short-list names of potential contenders,” an official said.
 (Inputs from Abhishek Sharan)

http://usat.ly/1yvgYXAStocks set for 'Santa rally' if no naughty news
Adam Shell , USA TODAY 3:14 p.m. EST December 1, 2014
Santa Claus and Nia Sanchez, Miss USA 2014,  visit the trading floor after participating in opening bell ceremonies of the New York Stock Exchange Nov. 26.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
39 CONNECT 35 TWEET 8 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Will Santa Claus bring the gift of profit to Wall Street in the form of a year-end December rally?
If prices at the gas pump remain low and consumers stay in a buying mood around the all-important holiday shopping season, there's a strong chance Santa will deliver gains this December, says Patty Edwards, senior investment strategist at U.S. Bank Wealth Management.
If oil prices don't go "significantly upward, the market has a bit of a tailwind," Edwards says. "Longer-term, the market will trade on earnings — which we view as still positive — more than emotion. But as long as the consumer remains in a good mood, it would appear to us that Santa Claus is indeed coming to town."
December has a reputation as an investor-friendly month. It benefits from its inclusion in the six-month seasonal sweet spot for stocks. December is the second month in what historically has been the stock market's best six-month period, a bullish stretch from the start of November to the end of April. In fact, the 12th month of the year is the second-best month for the Dow Jones industrial average in the past 50 years, according to Bespoke Investment Group. The Dow has gained 1.6% on average in December, posting gains nearly 70% of the time.
Video Keywords Dow Jones Industrial Average Federal Reserve Alabama FaceBook
Santa Claus is not something you associate with the stock market, but that’s exactly one of the things on investors’ minds as we head into December. Video by Jason Allen and Kaveh Rezaei
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:05  You might not associate Santa Claus with a stock market
00:08  that Walsh Richard does. I'm John Wagoner and this is America's
00:11  markets. December's the second month and historically strong period for stocks
00:16  and the second best month for Dow Jones Industrial Average the
00:19  past half century. It's also in the Santa Claus rally takes
00:22  place this seven sessions spurt that begins at the end of
00:25  December has delivered gains every year since 2009. Even though the
00:30  market is already racked up an impressive performances at record levels.
00:33  Odds are good for the rally to continue because the Federal
00:36  Reserve isn't likely to change its easy many ways until wages
00:39  pick up. Something that's not gonna happen for awhile. If recent
00:43  patterns persist home builders will be one of the best performing
00:46  industry sectors as 2014 closes out. And small company stocks could
00:51  prosper as investors try to get ahead of the group's traditional
00:54  January rally. Technology stocks which offense sputter about now. Could bucked
00:59  that trend thanks momentum in big games like apple and FaceBook
01:02  and the lingering buzz from the initial public offerings of the
01:05  likes of Alabama and go pro. Exchange traded funds that invest
01:09  in retailers offer way to play. Important shopping season trends this
01:13  year but if you're thinking about buying and mutual fund this
01:15  month think again he's also get hit with an unnecessary tax
Stocks kick off December on a high note. The Standard & Poor's 500 index came off its sixth straight weekly gain, its first streak of that length since an eight-week run that ended in November 2013, according to Howard Silverblatt, senior index analyst at S&P Dow Jones Indices.
U.S. stocks have rallied sharply since a price pullback ended in mid-October. The gains have been powered by a strong third-quarter earnings season, an economy  growing faster than economists had forecast and coordinated stimulus programs by central bankers and policymakers in Japan, China and the eurozone that have offset the end of the Federal Reserve's bond-buying program in October.
The combination of seasonal strength, strong business fundamentals and valuations at or below long-term averages increases the odds that stocks can continue to rise into the year's end, perhaps as much as 2%, says Sam Stovall, U.S. equity strategist at S&P Capital IQ.
"In support of history, we think the S&P 500 should do well in December,"  Stovall says. "Our projection for solid November employment gains (when the results are released Dec. 5), our forecasts for improving holiday retail sales and the prospects for better-than-expected fourth-quarter profit growth should help maintain the market's upward momentum."
Regan: Stock rally not done because it's 'game on' for the Fed
Stocks might also get a boost from fund managers who are trailing their market benchmarks heading into the final month of the year and who could buy stocks more aggressively in an effort to catch up,  Stovall says. As late as mid-November, 73% of large-company value managers were "underperforming" the S&P 500 Value Index, and 94% of large-cap fund managers were trailing the S&P 500 Growth Index,  Stovall says.
The  "Santa Claus Rally"  is slightly different from a year-end rally, as it is more of a year-end phenomenon and can include all of December. The Stock Trader's Almanac coined the phrase "Santa Claus Rally," which refers to the performance of the stock market in "the last five trading days of the year and the first two sessions of the New Year," says Jeffrey Hirsch, the Almanac's editor.
Santa has delivered a rally over that stretch every year since 2009.
Santa Claus Rally gains average 1.5% over the seven-day period, according to Hirsch.
Hirsch expects a year-end-rally in December. "It's already underway," he says.
Working in the stock market's favor: a strong U.S. economy and healthy corporate America, still-low interest rates and the fact that the market has digested the end of the Fed's bond-buying program. Another plus: the fresh stimulus  pumped into markets in Europe, Japan and China will benefit the USA as cash flows into our market,  Hirsch says.
One caveat: All this upbeat market commentary has put stocks in an overbought position, increasing the risks going forward, says market strategist Brad Lamensdorf, the chief investment officer of the Lamensdorf Market Timing Report.
"The anticipated fourth-quarter bounce has come and gone, and the majority of gains have now been captured," Lamensdorf warns. "At this point, both the short- and long-term gauges are in overbought territory. Raising cash and hedging are recommended in such a high-risk environment."
39 CONNECT 35 TWEET 8 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1y4fhxA
MONTHLY MARKETS CHECKUP

Live: All eyes on Rajan s credit policyDec 02, 2014, 04.23 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
RBI policy: Growth to revive soon on lower rates, says M&M
Combating immense pressure on both bankers and corporates’ front, the Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan maintained status quo in today’s bi-monthly policy.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
RBI policy: Growth to revive soon on lower rates, says M&M
Combating immense pressure on both bankers and corporates’ front, the Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan maintained status quo in today’s bi-monthly policy.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
12:20pm: VS Parthasarathy, CFO,  M&M says that while the Q2 GDP was reasonable there is a dire need for momentum to go forward.
“While there HSBC PMI index is positive, there isn’t any decent demand pull. So, sooner the rate cut comes in, better the situation of the industry.”
12:17pm: P Pradeep Kumar, MD- Corporate Banking,  State Bank of India feels there is nothing in this policy that will enable them to drop rates immediately.
The effect of this will take sometime, he says adding, "We had anticipated this and because of the lower inflation, we had already revised our pricing for deposits in the one to three-year tenure as also the shorter tenure.Banking system will not be able to cut rates in a couple of months. Some banks have already reduced deposit rates. Those banks which have reduced deposit rates approximately a month back may be willing to look at a rate cut after a couple of months but most of the banks in the system have not reduced the deposit rates. So they may find it extremely difficult to cut lending rates.”
12:15 pm: Jayesh Mehta of Bank of America says he is expecting the central bank to cut rates to the tune of  75-100 basis points (bps) in CY2015.
12:14pm: Sonal Verma of Nomura expects Raghuram Rajan to cut interest rates to a maximum of 50 basis points (bps) in 2015.
"RBI also reiterated that government has more or less accepted the 4, plus minus 2 percent target is important in terms of anchoring the space that will be available for rate cut. So, 50 basis point is quite reasonable in this inflation targeting framework," she says.
12:12pm: Nirmal Jain of IIFL says he expects the earliest rate cut in February 2015.
“The central bank is comfortable with the bond yields and commodity prices, They want to be very sure that when they start the rate cut cycle inflation doesn’t move up and they don’t have to reverse it later.”
12:10pm: C Rangarajan says the central bank should bring down its inflation target for January to 5 percent and adds that the real rate interest at 2 percent is at appropriate levels.
12:05: Sonal Verma of Nomura says though the Guv has hinted at intra-policy rate changes, the most likely time of a rate cut is now in April 2015.
11:55: On the scrapping of the 80:20 gold scheme, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan says the decision was a reasonable one.
“While there is a natural demand for gold due to weddings, jewellery, etc, hopefully, the performance of financial assets will convince investors to park funds in other investment opportunities,” says Rajan
11:47: RBI Guv Rajan says the country’s economy will be out of the woods only when investments into the country sees a significant pick up.
“The railways provides a massive investment potential. There is huge interest in defence production too. So we need to see stronger demand to overcome the excess capacity that exists currently,” he explains.
11:35: On the announcement that the central bank could change rates even outside the policy cycle, Rajan said he is ready to keep the risk on when the RBI will take a call on the same.
“Once we have enough information, we will make a move. If the information comes in between policy cycles, we’ll act on it. We just want to say that we are alert on the data points,” adds Rajan.
11:20: In its statement, the RBI has said, “Still weak demand and the rapid pace of recent disinflation are factors supporting monetary accommodation. However, the weak transmission by banks of the recent fall in money market rates into lending rates suggests monetary policy shifts will primarily have signaling effects for a while. Nevertheless, these signaling effects are likely to be large because the Reserve Bank has repeatedly indicated that once the monetary policy stance shifts, subsequent policy actions will be consistent with the changed stance. There is still some uncertainty about the evolution of base effects in inflation, the strength of the on-going disinflationary impulses, the pace of change of the public’s inflationary expectations, as well as the success of the government’s efforts to hit deficit targets."
11:16: RBI Governor Rajan says the change in monetary policy stance now would be premature and it is likely in early-2015 if inflation eases.
"A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature. However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle," reads the RBI statement.
11:13: Jayesh Mehta, Managing Director & Country Treasurer, Bank of America says no one expected a rate cut in this monetary policy so, this doesn’t come as any surprise. The next hurdle, he adds, is the November inflation.
“Market was balanced as nobody expected a rate cut. With a dovish tone, policy is completely as per expected lines,” he adds.
11:10am: P Pradeep Kumar, MD- Corporate Banking, State Bank of Indiafeels there is nothing in this policy that will enable teh bank to drop rates immediately. The effect of this will take sometime, he says adding, “We had anticipated this and because of the lower inflation, we had already revised our pricing for deposits in the one to three-year tenure as also the shorter tenure.”
11:07: Sajjid Chinoy of JP Morgan says this monetary policy is pragmatic and data-contingent.
“We expected the RBI to wait for Budget. So the rate cut may come in March, it may not necessarily wait for April,” he says.
11:05 am: The central bank has said that the risk to its January 2016 target of 6 percent is now evenly balanced and the country’s GDP is seen at 5.5 percent in 2015-16.
11:00am: Combating immense pressure on both bankers and corporates’ front, the Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan maintained status quo in today’s bi-monthly policy.
The repo rate, or the rate at which RBI extends short-term loans to banks, stands unchanged at eight percent while the reverse repo rate is seven percent. The cash reserve ratio (CRR) for banks has been fixed at four per cent.
10:55am: Samiran Chakraborty of Standard Chartered Bank says the RBI is likely to be in wait-and-watch mode before taking any call on the policy rates.
10:50 am: Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan will be announcing the bi-monthly policy in just a few minutes.
Most bankers and economists polled by CNBC-TV18 expect Rajan to keep policy rates unchanged yet again today. Only 5 percent expect a 25 bps rate cut this time. With consumer price inflation falling to 5.5 percent in October and crude falling to a four-year low, most respondents agreed the RBI could start cutting rates earlier than previously expected.
RELATED NEWS

Expect RBI to take first rate cut in Apr  15: Kotak Mah08:00 am
Ruling out a rate cut in February 2015, Indranil Pan Chief Economist,  Kotak Mahindra Bank says RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan will cut key policy rates only in April 2015. In an interview to CNBC- TV18, he says the central bank will cut rates by maximum 75 basis points (bps) in 2015.
Watch video for more.

Sensex down 65 points in early trade ahead of RBI policyDec 02, 2014 at  04:43pm IST
Sensex slips 115 points in volatile trade after RBI holds rates
4
0
Mumbai: Markets fell for the second day with benchmark Sensex declining over 115 points on Tuesday on selling in auto stocks after RBI kept interest rates unchanged for the fifth time in a row and IT shares dipped on strength in rupee.
In highly volatile trade, the 30-share BSE index fell to touch the day's low of 28,386.46 following announcement of credit policy. However, the index recovered briefly to hit 28,576.39 on RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan's hint of lowering rates early next year.
Participants later resorted to selling at every rise and the Sensex ended the day at 28,444.01, down 115.61 points, or 0.40 per cent. On Monday, it had slipped 134.37 points.
In highly volatile trade, the 30-share BSE index fell to touch the day's low of 28,386.46 following announcement of credit policy.
#bse #nse #sensex #nifty
On similar lines, the NSE 50-share Nifty, after swinging to and fro, settled with a loss of 31.20 points, or 0.36 per cent, at 8,524.70. Intra-day, it traded in a narrow range between 8,504.65 and 8,560.20.
"By not cutting rates, RBI has remained consistent in their policy objective of decisively bringing down inflation -and long term inflationary expectations. Lower post policy bond yields show the market feels more confident that eventually rates will be much lower," said Arvind Sethi, MD & CEO, TATA Asset Management.
Rupee, which had breached 62-mark against dollar in previous sessions, today strengthened to 61.87 levels. This put pressure of shares IT companies, including TCS and Infosys, which earn most of their sales in the US currency.
Oil scrips also were on the sellers' list after excise duty on petrol was hiked by Rs 2.25 per litre and by Re 1 a litre on diesel but retail pump rates won't rise as oil firms have decided to absorb the duty change for the time being.
Over half of the 30 Sensex constituents ended with losses led by GAIL (down 2.85 per cent), M&M (2.47 per cent), HDFC (1.51 per cent) and Hero MotoCorp (1.48 per cent).
Sectorwise, BSE IT index suffered the most by losing 1.48 per cent, followed by Auto 1.05 per cent and Oil & Gas 0.66 per cent, among others.
Global cues, however, were conducive as Asian bourses ended higher and Europe was better in its opening trades. Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth net Rs 12.36 crore on Monday, as per provisional data.
1

Rupee up 4 paise against dollar in early trade on TuesdayDec 02, 2014 at  08:25pm IST
Rupee rallies further 14 paise Vs dollar to end at 61.88
4
0
Mumbai: The rupee on Tuesday gained 14 paise to close at 61.88 against the dollar on selling of the US currency by exporters and banks even as stock markets fell.
Dollar selling by exporters and some banks for the second day in a row amid sustained capital inflows supported the rupee even as the American currency gained in global markets, dealers said.
"Rupee appreciated by almost quarter per cent taking cues from the positive comments given by the RBI during the announcement of credit policy," Pramit Brahmbhatt, the CEO of Veracity Group, said.
The dollar index was up by 0.27  per cent against its six major global rivals.
#sensex #markets #stocks #nifty
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kept its key rates unchanged in its fifth bi-monthly monetary policy review and made dovish comments regarding rate cut as early as March next year if disinflationary process set in.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the local unit commenced better at 61.99 a dollar from previous close of 62.02 and immediately touched a low of 62.02 on weak domestic stocks amid firm dollar overseas.
Later, it bounced back on dollar selling by exporters and some banks to a high of 61.87 before concluding at 61.88, a net rise of 14 paise or 0.23 per cent.
The benchmark BSE Sensex dipped further by 115.61 points while FPIs/FIIs picked up shares worth US dollar 64.04 million on Monday.
The dollar index was up by 0.27  per cent against its six major global rivals.
The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 61.50 to 62.30, Brahmbhatt said.
3

Nov auto sales: MM  Tata Motors  Hero  Bajaj slip 0.9-1.8%Dec 02, 2014, 10.12 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nov auto sales: M&M, Tata Motors, Hero, Bajaj slip 0.9-1.8%
Shares in various listed automobile companies fell mildly in early trade today after they declared their respective monthly sales numbers.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nov auto sales: M&M, Tata Motors, Hero, Bajaj slip 0.9-1.8%
Shares in various listed automobile companies fell mildly in early trade today after they declared their respective monthly sales numbers.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares in various listed automobile companies fell mildly in early trade today after they declared their respective monthly sales numbers.
Mahindra & Mahindra  was down 1.2 percent a day after it declared weak sales numbers with total auto sales falling 13 percent year-on-year to 34,292 units.
Analysts said they were worried about Mahindra losing market share in the utility vehicles space which has been its specialty in the passenger vehicles business.
Tata Motors  came off 0.8 percent after the firm posted numbers that were largely in line with estimates.
Its total sales were up 2 percent year-on-year at 41,720 units with medium to heavy vehicles showing a steady recovery (up 39 percent) passenger vehicle sales too rose 16 percent led by the launch of its new generation Zest compact sedan.
The country’s largest two-wheeler maker, Hero MotoCorp , was off 0.9 percent, after its sales were shown rising 3 percent, slightly ahead of analyst estimates, to 5.47 lakh units.
While Bajaj Auto  was down 1.3 percent after the company notched up yet another particularly weak month, with domestic sales falling 19 percent to 1.43 lakh units. (Total sales were down only 0.5 percent thanks to a 24 percent rise in exports.)
Yesterday, Maruti Suzuki , Eicher Motors , TVS Motor , Atul Auto  and Ashok Leyland  had all posted strong monthly sales numbers that sent their shares higher in trade.
RELATED NEWS

Live: Rahul Gandhi joins Congress protest outside Parliament on  U-turns  by Modi governmentmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Watch: Polling for second phase of Assembly elections on in J&K  JharkhandHockey India suspends playing ties with Pakistan
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

TMC likely to raise issue of BJP s Amit Shah alleged links with Sahara group in ParliamentDec 02, 2014 at 09:54am IST
TMC likely to raise issue of BJP's Amit Shah alleged links with Sahara group in Parliament
2
0
New Delhi: The face-off between the Trinamool Congress and the Bharatiya Janata Party is expected to continue on Tuesday with the former raising the issue of BJP President Amit Shah's alleged links with the Sahara group.
The winter session of Parliament has witnessed a stormy session since it commenced with opposition parties targeting the Modi government on issues of black money, renaming Rajiv Gandhi airport in Hyderabad.
The BJP parliamentary body will meet to discuss its strategy. Amit Shah is expected to attend the meet.
The Lok sabha is expected to discuss natural calamities with special reference to Jammu and Kashmir floods and cyclone Hudhud.
#winter session #parliament #tmc #bjp
On Monday, TMC MPs protested against the BJP in both the Houses of Parliament.
The Lok sabha is expected to discuss natural calamities with special reference to Jammu and Kashmir floods and cyclone Hudhud.
Over 200 people lost their lives and thousands were rendered homeless when floods ravaged Jammu and Kashmir. The state witnessed worst ever floods in 10 years.
0

Constable shot dead by criminals in MeerutBy: Press Trust of India | Meerut |
Posted: December 2, 2014 10:36 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 10:41 am
A constable was on Tuesday killed and another injured when criminals opened fire on the policemen who tried to stop them from fleeing.
One of the assailants was later killed in a shoot-out with a police team, Circle Officer Rupesh Sharma said, adding constable Ekant Yadav, 24, suffered fatal injuries in the attack by the criminals.
Constables Lokesh Bhati and Yadav were on night patrol when they received information at 2 AM about presence of two criminals at a shop near a tyre factory in Lisadi gate area.
“When they reached the area, the two criminals opened fire on them and tried to flee on their motorcycle,” Circle Officer Rupesh Sharma said, adding the two policemen were injured in the firing.
Meanwhile, SHO Ravinder Yadav along with his team surrounded the criminals and one of them was killed in exchange of fire while the other escaped.
Yadav, who hails from Nanglakala village in neighbouring Bulandshahr district and was married three months ago, succumbed to his injuries while Bhati is undergoing treatment.
“The deceased criminal is yet to be identified,” Sharma said.

#Express5: Twist in Rohtak sisters video story; Robert Vadras security status may go for reviewPosted: December 2, 2014 10:26 am
 
We recommend that you go through these 5 stories of The Indian Express before starting your day.
1. SECURITY STATUS
The Ministry of Civil Aviation has written a letter to the Home Ministry to review the “security status” of Congress president Sonia Gandhi’s son-in-law Robert Vadra, which would decide whether he continues to be exempted from frisking at airports across the country. Vadra is the only private person on the list of 31 exempted people, which includes the Chief Justice of India, former Presidents, the Lok Sabha Speaker and Supreme Court judges.
Read more: ‘Why should Robert Vadra be exempted from frisking?’
2. ROHTAK SISTERS
As a TV reporter — the seventh since morning — approached the Rohtak sisters for an interview, the younger one signalled him to stop. The duo then took a quick break to gulp down some water. In a corner, their brother-in-law held a list of time slots allotted to the news channels that had reached their house in Kharkhauda on Monday after a video of the two thrashing their alleged harassers aboard a Haryana Roadways bus went viral.
Read more: After Rohtak sisters thrash ‘harassers’ on bus, everyone starts flogging the tape
3. PHILLIP HUGES
The Star Hotel is a bustling watering hole on the Nambucca riverfront. For more than a century, generations of those who call Macksville home have rushed here every evening to socialise and quench their thirst. Just like they did on Monday evening. But there was one table that stood out because of its occupants. Around it were gathered Australian Test captain Michael Clarke, former leg-spinner Stuart Macgill, and Greg Hughes, father of Phillip Hughes — the youth who once frequented the pub and who will now be buried in the town in a day’s time.
Read more: A nation’s mourning now comes to a small town called home
4. OPINION
Six months after the Lok Sabha election, the BJP’s impressive performance still delights its supporters. This is understandable. For the first time in 30 years, a single party gained a majority. And, at least so far, satisfaction extends beyond the ruling party. Recent opinion polls have given the new government solid approval ratings.
Read more: Beware great expectations
5. SPORTS
Since last Thursday, the whole of Australia has been in a state of melancholy inertia. With Phillip Hughes’s passing away, it’s almost like life itself has been sucked out of this otherwise ebullient nation. Amidst all that gloom, despair and desperate attempts at redemption, Virat Kohli and his Indian team have stayed put in Adelaide. Or, to be more accurate, they have been lying low.

RBI keeps key rates unchanged | Analysts  Views | Live updatesYou are here: Home > Collections
RBI keeps key rates unchanged; says premature to change monetary policy stance
ET Bureau Dec 2, 2014, 11.06AM IST
Tags:
gdp
(RBI Governor Raghurma Rajan…)
MUMBAI: Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan left interest rates unchanged for the fifth time in a row, awaiting firm signals that consumer price inflation will slide convincingly and remain low for a long time.
But he gave a strong indication that rate cuts could come early in 2015.
"A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature," Rajan said in the statement accompanying the announcement. "However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle."
He also signposted two critical decisions that will be announced soon-- one is on the 5-25 funding structure for infrastructure projects that was announced in the budget, the other is on banks taking equity during debt restructuring. The price at which this can be done is being discussed with the Securities and Exchange Board of India, he said.
The governor's decision is on expected lines as nearly every economist said there wouldn't be a change in interest rates, barring a few hopefuls after the decision of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries decision to keep supplies stable pushed down crude oil prices to four-year lows.
"We are certainly seeing a disinflationary process," Rajan said at a press conference after the policy was unveiled. "We want to get more certainty on the disinflationary process."
The governor reiterated his oft-stated position that it was important to win the battle on prices rather than ease monetary policy to early only to have them popping up again.
"We want to make sure that this is for real, we don't want to flip-flop," he said. "We'd rather change for good."
In answer to another question, he said, "We're not trying to manage long-interest rates."
Rajan said those clamouring for interest rate cuts were being short-sighted. The central bank was not looking at quarter-to-quarter numbers. "We're talking about tears of sustainable growth... that is a message that has to seep through."
Still, the RBI forecast of consumer inflation has been revised down to 6% in March 2015. The growth projection for 2014-15 has however been retained at 5.5%. Revising his earlier hawkish tone in the previous policy statement when he expressed concerns about upside risks to inflation, the statement said, "The risks to the January 2016 target of 6% appear evenly balanced under the current policy stance."
The RBI has reservations about the evolution of the base effect in inflation, how long ongoing disinflationary impulses last, the pace of change of the public's inflationary expectations, as well as the success of the government's efforts to hit deficit targets.
The repo rate, at which RBI lends to banks, remained at 8%, and so did all the other rates. The cash reserve requirement, the proportion of deposits that banks have to keep with the central bank, remains at 4%.
"RBI would like inflation to be sustainable at lower level before lowering rates," said Naresh Takker, MD and CEO of rating company ICRA. "Also, one should bear in mind that the inflation number may go up next month due to lower agriculture productions and also the benefit of the base effect would reverse soon," he added.
Governor Rajan has been under pressure from various quarters for a reduction since prices are sliding fast amid uncertain growth indicators. But economists have been of the view that the fall could be temporary, given the base effect and that there are chances of a sharp jump in the CPI reading early next year.
  Inflation as measured by the CPI that came into force in 2012, fell to a record of 5.5% in October. That is lower than the RBI's target of 6% by March 2016. The central bank aims to target inflation permanently at 4%, in a band of 2% on either side, as recommended by the Urjit Patel Committee.
To be sure, household inflation expectations are still high at more than 15%. Information on the enhancement of supplies of protein-rich products, an item that pushed up CPI, is flaky. Positive real interest rates need to be sustained for a longer term if an economic revival is to be supported by domestic savings.
While the policy rates have been high, market rates have been easing with the yield on the benchmark government bonds falling more than 100 basis points from its peak expecting a rate cut.
Furthermore, the demand for loans has fallen to three-year lows to 11%, even though deposits have gained momentum, thanks to positive real interest rates for the first time in more than four years.
But given the Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government measures such as releasing more food stocks into the market and low increase in minimum support prices, inflation is expected to be lower than it was under the previous government.
The industrial climate is also looking to be turning for the better with second-quarter gross domestic product growing at 5.3%, above the forecast of 5.1%, though slower than the 5.7% rate in April-June. HSBC's PMI in November rose to its highest since February 2013 at 53.3.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mangonet: Govt persuading EU to lift ban on mangoes | NE to be spice power houseInternational consumers may soon be able to track farm origin of Indian mangoes
Jayashree Bhosale, ET Bureau Dec 2, 2014, 11.43AM IST
Tags:
EU
(The EU had imposed a temporary…)
PUNE: India plans to introduce a system to allow international consumers of Indian mangoes to trace back the fruit to its farm of origin through the internet as part of its efforts to persuade the European Union to lift ban on Indian mangoes.
Government agencies are working to put in place 'Mangonet' — an online traceability system that will register mango growers and exporters and enable importers and supermarkets in the European Union (EU) to check complete details of their shipments — on the lines of the successful 'Grapenet'.
"The success of Grapenet has encouraged us to replicate the system in mangoes," said Sudhanshu, deputy general manager of Agricultural and Processed Food Products Export Development Authority.
The EU had imposed a temporary ban on Alphonso mangoes and four vegetables from India from May 1, stating that it had found fruit fly infestation in the fruit.
This impacted exports to the United Kingdom (UK), the second largest export market for Indian mangoes after the UAE. Following the ban, Maharashtra, the largest exporter of mangoes in the country, started using HortiSAP, an IT-based pest surveillance system extensively for mangoes.
An EU audit committee visited export facilities in India two months ago, following which, the government agencies and exporters are hopeful that the ban would be lifted next year.
"The EU audit committee has seen the sea change in our set up," said Sudhanshu. Maharashtra's horticulture department has recruited about 70 to 80 agricultural graduates to monitor mango orchards in eight mango-exporting districts in the state for early detection of any pest/disease incidence. They get online advisories from the National Centre for Integrated Pest Management in New Delhi.
Field staff use iPads and Skype to communicate regularly with the officials at the state headquarters about the state of crop, pest, diseases and registration of farmers.
Govind Hande, chief inspecting authority for phytosanitary certification in Maharashtra, said, "We have provided a list of pesticides with label claim to the mango growers. They will get 'fit for export' certificate only if their samples pass all the tests. If the samples have a problem, the exporters will get alert notice." Mango exporters are hopeful that the online system will help boost their business.
"The Grapenet system gave very good results. As Mangonet will be on similar lines, it will be good for mango exports," said Kaushal Khakar, CEO at Mumbaibased KB Exports.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex pares losses after taking an over 150-point hit after RBI policySensex too maintains a status quo post policy; down about 100 points
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 2, 2014, 03.07PM IST
Tags:
Bajaj Auto
(The benchmark index cracked…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex recouped some of the intraday losses after falling as much as 173 points in trade on Tuesday, after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kept key policy rates, CRR, SLR unchanged in its monetary policy review meet.
The benchmark index cracked soon after the RBI verdict but managed to recoup some of its intraday losses. The fall in the index was led by losses in Infosys, SBI, HDFC, Tata Motors and M&M.
"A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature. However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle," the bank said.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also came under pressure and was still trading below its crucial psychological support level of 8550, weighed down by losses in consumer durable, banks, IT and realty stocks .
At 3:05 pm, the Sensex was at 28,474.97; down 84.65 points.
The Nifty was at 8,530.95; down 24.95 points.
Sesa sterlite (up 1.4 per cent), L&T (up 1.3 per cent), Hindalco (up 1.1 per cent), BHEL (up 1.04 per cent) and Bharti Airtel (up 0.91 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
Infosys (down 1.7 per cent), Bajaj Auto (down 1.2 per cent), M&M (down 1.3 per cent), Hero MotoCorp (down 1.1 per cent) and DRL (down 1.06 per cent) were the major index losers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rupee gains versus $; makes day s high of 61.94You are here: Home > Collections
Rupee up against US $; below 62 levels
PTI Dec 2, 2014, 05.12PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The rupee had gained just…)
MUMBAI: The rupee strengthened against the US dollar , making day's high of 61.87 vesus the greenback increased selling of the American currency by exporters ahead of RBI's policy review.
Dealers said increased selling of the dollar by exporters supported the rupee but a lower opening in the domestic equity market and the Greenback's rise against some overseas currencies, capped the gains.
The rupee had gained just one paisa to close at 62.02 against the dollar in yesterday's trade on late selling of the US currency by exporters and some banks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Buy Texmaco Rail  Jindal Saw  DCB Bank: Dharmesh KantLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Texmaco Rail, Jindal Saw, DCB Bank: Dharmesh Kant
Dharmesh Kant of India Nivesh Securities recommends buying DCB Bank with a target at Rs 120 and Jindal Saw with a target at Rs 110.
Post your opinion here
Bull's Eye
In CNBC-TV18's popular show Bull's Eye, Dharmesh Kant of India Nivesh Securities shares his trading strategies for the day.
One can buy Texmaco Rail and Engineering  with a target at Rs 130 and a stoploss of Rs 120.
One can buy Sintex Industries  with a target at Rs 100 and a stoploss of Rs 89.
One can buy Jindal Saw  with a target at Rs 110 and a stoploss of Rs 100.
One can buy DCB Bank  with a target at Rs 120 and a stoploss of Rs 102.
RELATED NEWS

International Paper APPM s director Michael Baymiller resignsDec 02, 2014, 11.21 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
International Paper APPM's director Michael Baymiller resigns
International Paper APPM Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Michael Baymiller has resigned as Director of the Company with effect from December 01, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
International Paper APPM's director Michael Baymiller resigns
International Paper APPM Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Michael Baymiller has resigned as Director of the Company with effect from December 01, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
International Paper APPM Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Michael Baymiller has resigned as Director of the Company with effect from December 01, 2014.Source : BSE

Interest rates to remain unchanged  says RBIInterest rates to remain unchanged  says RBI
RBI s policy is very balanced and pragmaticHi Guest
'RBI's policy is very balanced and pragmatic'
Markets like clarity and they are reading RBI's status quo on rate cut as a signal that barring any surprises, a Feb 2015 rate cut looks likely.   A man pulls a hand-drawn cart in front of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) building in Mumbai. Photograph: Danish Siddiqui/Reuters The Reserve Bank of India kept interest rates unchanged at 8.0 per cent on Tuesday as widely expected, staying focused on containing inflation while adopting a more dovish tone in response to the government's ...

(RED) marks  tipping point  in the AIDS fight with biggest ever World AIDS Day(RED) marks  tipping point  in the AIDS fight with biggest ever World AIDS Day
Shiv Sena looks set to join BJP to form Maharashtra governmentShiv Sena looks set to join BJP to form Maharashtra government
Edelweiss board allots shares under ESOSEdelweiss board allots shares under ESOS
Gold dips after overnight surge  but holds above $1 200Gold dips after overnight surge  but holds above $1 200
RBI leaves rates on hold  may cut early next 2015Hi Guest
RBI leaves rates on hold, may cut early next 2015
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) held interest rates steady as widely expected at its policy review on Tuesday, but said it could cut interest rates by early next year depending on whether inflation eases further and on fiscal developments.  Forty-one of 45 economists polled by Reuters had forecast that the RBI would keep the repo rate at 8.00 percent, while four expected a reduction of 25 basis points.  "A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is ...

Sensex trades flat; interest sensitive stocks hitSensex trades flat; interest sensitive stocks hit
Hero Motocorp sales rise 3% in November`14Hero Motocorp sales rise 3% in November`14
Fifth Bi-Monthly Monetary Policy Statement  2014-15 by Dr. Raghuram G RajanFifth Bi-Monthly Monetary Policy Statement, 2014-15 by Dr. Raghuram G Rajan
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 02, 2014 11:09 IST
Consequently, the reverse repo rate under the LAF will remain unchanged at 7.0 per cent, and the marginal standing facility (MSF) rate and the Bank Rate at 9.0 per cent.
 
 
On expected lines, the RBI left key rates unchanged. On the basis of an assessment of the current and evolving macroeconomic situation, the RBI said it has been decided to:
Keep the policy repo rate under the liquidity adjustment facility (LAF) unchanged at 8.0 per cent;
Keep the cash reserve ratio (CRR) of scheduled banks unchanged at 4.0 per cent of net demand and time liabilities (NDTL);
Continue to provide liquidity under overnight repos at 0.25 per cent of bank-wise NDTL at the LAF repo rate and liquidity under 7-day and 14-day term repos of up to 0.75 per cent of NDTL of the banking system through auctions; and
Continue with daily one-day term repos and reverse repos to smooth liquidity.
Consequently, the reverse repo rate under the LAF will remain unchanged at 7.0%, and the marginal standing facility (MSF) rate and the Bank Rate at 9.0%.
 
Assessment of the Global Economy
 
Since the fourth bi-monthly monetary policy statement of September 2014, the global economy has slowed, though the recent sharp fall in crude prices will have a net positive impact on global growth. The recovery in the United States is broadening on the back of stronger domestic consumption, rising investment and industrial activity. In the Euro area, headwinds from recessionary forces continue to weaken industrial production and investment sentiment. In Japan, growth may be picking up again on the back of stronger exports, helped in part by further quantitative and qualitative easing that has led to a depreciation of the yen. In China, disappointing activity and still-low inflation have prompted rate cuts by the People's Bank of China. In other major emerging market economies (EMEs), downside risks to growth from elevated inflation, low commodity prices, deteriorating labour market conditions and stalling domestic demand have become accentuated.
 
Notwithstanding the cessation of asset purchases by the US Fed, financial markets have remained generally buoyant on abundant liquidity stemming from accommodative monetary policies in the advanced economies (AEs). The search for yield has driven global equity markets to new highs, with investors shunning gold and commodities. Capital flows to EMEs recovered from market turbulence in the first half of October, although some discrimination on the basis of fundamentals is becoming discernible.
 
Assessment of the Indian Economy
 
Domestic activity weakened in Q2 of 2014-15, and activity is likely to be muted in Q3 also because of a moderate kharif harvest. The deficiency in the north-east monsoon rainfall has constrained the pace of rabi sowing, except in the southern States. Despite reasonable levels of water storage in major reservoirs, the rabi crop is unlikely to compensate for the decline in kharif production earlier in the year and consequently, agricultural growth in 2014-15 is likely to be muted. This, along with a slowdown in rural wage growth, is weighing on rural consumption demand.
 
Despite the uptick in September, the growth of industrial production slumped to 1.1% in Q2 with negative momentum in September, unable to sustain the improvement recorded in the preceding quarter. The persisting contraction in the production of both capital goods and consumer goods in Q2 reflected weak aggregate domestic demand. However, more recent readings of core sector activity, automobile sales and purchasing managers' indices suggest improvement in likely activity. Exports have buffered the slowdown in industrial activity in Q2 but, going forward, require support from partner country growth.
 
In the services sector, the October's purchasing managers' survey indicates deceleration in new business. In contrast, tourist arrivals and domestic and international cargo movements have shown improvement. Thus, various constituents of the services sector are emitting mixed signals.
 
A rise in investment is critical for a sustained pick-up in overall economic activity. While low capacity utilisation in some sectors is a dampener, the recent strong improvement in business confidence and in investment intentions should help. In this context, the still slow pace of reviving stalled projects, despite government efforts, warrants policy priority, even as ongoing efforts to ease stress in the financial system unlock resources for financing the envisaged investment push.
 
The fiscal outlook should brighten because of the fall in crude prices, but weak tax revenue growth and the slow pace of disinvestment suggest some uncertainty about the likely achievement of fiscal targets, and the quality of eventual fiscal adjustment. The government, however, appears determined to stay on course.
 
Retail inflation, as measured by the consumer price index (CPI), has decelerated sharply since the fourth bi-monthly statement of September. This reflects, to some extent, transitory factors such as favourable base effects and the usual softening of fruits and vegetable prices that occurs at this time of the year. On the other hand, protein-rich items such as milk and pulses continue to experience upside pressures, reflecting structural mismatches in supply and demand. The absence of adequate administered price revisions in inputs like electricity has contributed to the easing of inflation in the fuel group.
 
In the non-food non-fuel category, inflation eased broadly in September. Further softening of international crude prices in October eased price pressures in transport and communication. However, upside pressures persist in respect of prices of clothing and bedding, housing and other miscellaneous services, resulting in non-food non-fuel inflation for October remaining flat at its level in the previous month, and above headline inflation. Survey-based inflationary expectations have been coming down with the fall in prices of commonly-bought items such as vegetables, but are still in the low double digits. Administered price corrections, as and when they are effected, weaker-than-anticipated agricultural production, and a possible rise in energy prices on the back of geo-political risks could alter the currently benign inflation outlook significantly.  
 
Liquidity conditions have eased considerably in Q3 of 2014-15 due to structural and frictional factors, as well as the fine tuning of the liquidity adjustment framework. With deposit mobilisation outpacing credit growth and currency demand remaining subdued in relation to past trends, banks are flush with funds, leading a number of banks to reduce deposit rates. The main frictional source of liquidity has been the large release of expenditure/transfers by the government. In view of abundant liquidity, banks' recourse to the Reserve Bank for liquidity through net fixed and variable rate term and overnight repos and MSF declined from Rs. 803 billion, on average, in Q1 to Rs. 706 billion in Q2 and further to Rs. 476 billion in October-November. The use of export credit refinance also declined from 52.6% of the limit in Q2 to 32.6% in October-November. The revised liquidity management framework introduced in September, has helped the weighted average cut-off rates in the 14-day term repo auctions as well as in the overnight variable rate repo auctions to remain close to the repo rate, and the volatility of the weighted average call rate has fallen, apart from episodes of cash build-up ahead of Diwali holidays.
 
The Reserve Bank determines the need for open market operations (OMO) based on its assessment of monetary conditions rather than on a specific view on long term yields. On an assessment of the permanent liquidity conditions, the Reserve Bank conducted OMO sales worth Rs. 401 billion during October to December so far.
 
Merchandise exports declined in October, mainly reflecting sluggish external demand conditions, but also the softening of international prices resulting in lower realisations. For the period April-October as a whole, however, export growth remained positive although the deceleration since July requires vigilance. With import growth remaining modest on account of the decline in POL imports due to falling crude prices, the trade deficit narrowed from its level a year ago. Gold imports have surged since September in volume terms, largely reflecting seasonal demand. Barring month-to-month variations, non-oil non-gold import growth has remained moderate, with anecdotal evidence of imports substituting for shortfalls in domestic production. Even as external financing requirements stay moderate, all categories of capital flows, except non-resident deposits, have been buoyant. The consequent accretion to reserves denominated in US dollars has been moderated by valuation effects resulting from the strength of the US dollar.
 
Policy Stance and Rationale
 
Consistent with the balance of risks set out in the fourth bi-monthly monetary policy statement of September, headline inflation has been receding steadily and current readings are below the January 2015 target of 8% as well as the January 2016 target of 6%. The inflation reading for November - which will become available by mid-December - is expected to show a further softening. Thereafter, however, the favourable base effect that is driving down headline inflation will likely dissipate and inflation for December (data release in mid-January) may well rise above current levels.
 
The key uncertainty is the durability of this upturn. The full outcome of the north-east monsoon will determine the intensity of price pressures relating to cereals, oilseeds and pulses, but it is reasonable to expect some firming up of these prices in view of the monsoon's performance so far and the shortfall estimated for kharifproduction. Risks from imported inflation appear to be retreating, given the softening of international commodity prices, especially crude, and reasonable stability in the foreign exchange market. Accordingly, the central forecast for CPI inflation is revised down to 6% for March 2015 ( Chart 1 ).
Turning to the outlook for inflation in the medium-term, projections at this stage will be contingent upon expectations of a normal south-west monsoon in 2015, international crude prices broadly around current levels and no change in administered prices in the fuel group, barring electricity. Over the next 12-month period, inflation is expected to retain some momentum and hover around 6%, except for seasonal movements, as the disinflation momentum works through. Accordingly, the risks to the January 2016 target of 6% appear evenly balanced under the current policy stance.
 
Some easing of monetary conditions has already taken place. The weighted average call rates as well as long term yields for government and high-quality corporate issuances have moderated substantially since end-August. However, these interest rate impulses have yet to be transmitted by banks into lower lending rates. Indeed, slow bank credit growth is mirrored by increasing reliance of large corporations on commercial paper and domestic as well as external public issuances.
 
Still weak demand and the rapid pace of recent disinflation are factors supporting monetary accommodation. However, the weak transmission by banks of the recent fall in money market rates into lending rates suggests monetary policy shifts will primarily have signaling effects for a while. Nevertheless, these signaling effects are likely to be large because the Reserve Bank has repeatedly indicated that once the monetary policy stance shifts, subsequent policy actions will be consistent with the changed stance. There is still some uncertainty about the evolution of base effects in inflation, the strength of the on-going disinflationary impulses, the pace of change of the public's inflationary expectations, as well as the success of the government's efforts to hit deficit targets. A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature. However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle.
 
While activity appears to have lost some momentum in Q2, probably extending into Q3, conditions congenial for a turnaround - the softening of inflation; easing of commodity prices and input costs; comfortable liquidity conditions; and rising business confidence as well as purchasing activity - are gathering. These conditions could enable a pick-up in Q4 if coordinated policy efforts fructify in dispelling the drag on the economy emanating from structural constraints. A durable revival of investment demand continues to be held back by infrastructural constraints and lack of assured supply of key inputs, in particular coal, power, land and minerals. The success of ongoing government actions in these areas will be key to reviving growth and offsetting downside risks emanating from agriculture - in view of weaker-than-expected rabisowing - and exports - given the sluggishness in external demand. Anticipating such success, the central estimate of projected growth for 2014-15 has been retained at 5.5%, with a gradual pick-up in momentum through 2015-16 on the assumption of a normal monsoon and no adverse supply/financial shocks ( Chart 2 ).
 

RBI live: India will be out of woods once investments riseDec 02, 2014, 04.23 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
RBI policy: Growth to revive soon on lower rates, says M&M
Combating immense pressure on both bankers and corporates’ front, the Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan maintained status quo in today’s bi-monthly policy.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
RBI policy: Growth to revive soon on lower rates, says M&M
Combating immense pressure on both bankers and corporates’ front, the Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan maintained status quo in today’s bi-monthly policy.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
12:20pm: VS Parthasarathy, CFO,  M&M says that while the Q2 GDP was reasonable there is a dire need for momentum to go forward.
“While there HSBC PMI index is positive, there isn’t any decent demand pull. So, sooner the rate cut comes in, better the situation of the industry.”
12:17pm: P Pradeep Kumar, MD- Corporate Banking,  State Bank of India feels there is nothing in this policy that will enable them to drop rates immediately.
The effect of this will take sometime, he says adding, "We had anticipated this and because of the lower inflation, we had already revised our pricing for deposits in the one to three-year tenure as also the shorter tenure.Banking system will not be able to cut rates in a couple of months. Some banks have already reduced deposit rates. Those banks which have reduced deposit rates approximately a month back may be willing to look at a rate cut after a couple of months but most of the banks in the system have not reduced the deposit rates. So they may find it extremely difficult to cut lending rates.”
12:15 pm: Jayesh Mehta of Bank of America says he is expecting the central bank to cut rates to the tune of  75-100 basis points (bps) in CY2015.
12:14pm: Sonal Verma of Nomura expects Raghuram Rajan to cut interest rates to a maximum of 50 basis points (bps) in 2015.
"RBI also reiterated that government has more or less accepted the 4, plus minus 2 percent target is important in terms of anchoring the space that will be available for rate cut. So, 50 basis point is quite reasonable in this inflation targeting framework," she says.
12:12pm: Nirmal Jain of IIFL says he expects the earliest rate cut in February 2015.
“The central bank is comfortable with the bond yields and commodity prices, They want to be very sure that when they start the rate cut cycle inflation doesn’t move up and they don’t have to reverse it later.”
12:10pm: C Rangarajan says the central bank should bring down its inflation target for January to 5 percent and adds that the real rate interest at 2 percent is at appropriate levels.
12:05: Sonal Verma of Nomura says though the Guv has hinted at intra-policy rate changes, the most likely time of a rate cut is now in April 2015.
11:55: On the scrapping of the 80:20 gold scheme, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan says the decision was a reasonable one.
“While there is a natural demand for gold due to weddings, jewellery, etc, hopefully, the performance of financial assets will convince investors to park funds in other investment opportunities,” says Rajan
11:47: RBI Guv Rajan says the country’s economy will be out of the woods only when investments into the country sees a significant pick up.
“The railways provides a massive investment potential. There is huge interest in defence production too. So we need to see stronger demand to overcome the excess capacity that exists currently,” he explains.
11:35: On the announcement that the central bank could change rates even outside the policy cycle, Rajan said he is ready to keep the risk on when the RBI will take a call on the same.
“Once we have enough information, we will make a move. If the information comes in between policy cycles, we’ll act on it. We just want to say that we are alert on the data points,” adds Rajan.
11:20: In its statement, the RBI has said, “Still weak demand and the rapid pace of recent disinflation are factors supporting monetary accommodation. However, the weak transmission by banks of the recent fall in money market rates into lending rates suggests monetary policy shifts will primarily have signaling effects for a while. Nevertheless, these signaling effects are likely to be large because the Reserve Bank has repeatedly indicated that once the monetary policy stance shifts, subsequent policy actions will be consistent with the changed stance. There is still some uncertainty about the evolution of base effects in inflation, the strength of the on-going disinflationary impulses, the pace of change of the public’s inflationary expectations, as well as the success of the government’s efforts to hit deficit targets."
11:16: RBI Governor Rajan says the change in monetary policy stance now would be premature and it is likely in early-2015 if inflation eases.
"A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature. However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle," reads the RBI statement.
11:13: Jayesh Mehta, Managing Director & Country Treasurer, Bank of America says no one expected a rate cut in this monetary policy so, this doesn’t come as any surprise. The next hurdle, he adds, is the November inflation.
“Market was balanced as nobody expected a rate cut. With a dovish tone, policy is completely as per expected lines,” he adds.
11:10am: P Pradeep Kumar, MD- Corporate Banking, State Bank of Indiafeels there is nothing in this policy that will enable teh bank to drop rates immediately. The effect of this will take sometime, he says adding, “We had anticipated this and because of the lower inflation, we had already revised our pricing for deposits in the one to three-year tenure as also the shorter tenure.”
11:07: Sajjid Chinoy of JP Morgan says this monetary policy is pragmatic and data-contingent.
“We expected the RBI to wait for Budget. So the rate cut may come in March, it may not necessarily wait for April,” he says.
11:05 am: The central bank has said that the risk to its January 2016 target of 6 percent is now evenly balanced and the country’s GDP is seen at 5.5 percent in 2015-16.
11:00am: Combating immense pressure on both bankers and corporates’ front, the Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan maintained status quo in today’s bi-monthly policy.
The repo rate, or the rate at which RBI extends short-term loans to banks, stands unchanged at eight percent while the reverse repo rate is seven percent. The cash reserve ratio (CRR) for banks has been fixed at four per cent.
10:55am: Samiran Chakraborty of Standard Chartered Bank says the RBI is likely to be in wait-and-watch mode before taking any call on the policy rates.
10:50 am: Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan will be announcing the bi-monthly policy in just a few minutes.
Most bankers and economists polled by CNBC-TV18 expect Rajan to keep policy rates unchanged yet again today. Only 5 percent expect a 25 bps rate cut this time. With consumer price inflation falling to 5.5 percent in October and crude falling to a four-year low, most respondents agreed the RBI could start cutting rates earlier than previously expected.
RELATED NEWS

Markets live: Sensex  Nifty recover on early rate cut hopesMarkets live: Sensex sheds 116 points on profit-taking; IT, auto stocks skid
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 2:  
3.30 pmIndian equity markets fell for a second consecutive session on Tuesday, as software services exporters declined on rupee's strength and as investors booked profits after the central bank kept interest rates unchanged, although it signalled potential rate cuts by early 2015.
The Sensex fell 115.61 points or 0.4 per cent to 28,444.01 and the Nifty ended down by 31.2 points or 0.36 per cent at 8,524.70.
Rupee up The rupee was trading strong at 61.87
Sectoral indices IT and auto indices fell the most by 1.48 per cent and 1.05 per cent, respectively, followed by TECk 0.93 per cent and oil & gas 0.66 per cent.
Metal and healthcare indices were the star-performers and were up 1.2 per cent and 0.94 per cent, respectively, followed by capital goods 0.73 per cent and FMCG 0.65 per cent..
BSE gainers, losers Hindalco (2.51%), Bharti Airtel (1.81%), L&T (1.12%), SSLT (1.1%) and ICICI Bank (0.74%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were GAIL (2.85%), M&M (2.36%), Infosys (2.18%), HDFC (1.51%) and TCS (1.38%).
Is the global economy heading for a slowdown? China’s PMI tumbles, factory output has slowed even in France and Germany in November...
— Rajalakshmi Nirmal (@crajalakshmic) December 2, 2014
3.04 pmThe Sensex and the Nifty were trading lower by nearly 0.3 per cent at the pre-close session amid firm global cues.
The Sensex was trading down by 95.28 points at 28,464.34 and the Nifty was trading lower by 21.95 points at 8,533.95.
Sectoral indices IT and auto indices fell the most by 1.35 per cent and 1.00 per cent, respectively, followed by TECk 0.82 per cent and oil & gas 0.71 per cent.
Metal and healthcare indices were the star-performers and were up 1.29 per cent and 0.92 per cent, respectively, followed by capital goods 0.72 per cent and FMCG 0.68 per cent..
BSE gainers, losers Hindalco (2.12%), Bharti Airtel (1.87%), SSLT (1.15%), L&T (1.01%) and Sun Pharma (0.8%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were GAIL (3.15%), M&M (2.23%), Infosys (2.11%), Bajaj Auto (1.53%) and HDFC (-1.41%).
The Nifty call Go short with stop-loss at 8,590
European markets European stocks rose amid an increase in M&A and as investors weighed stimulus prospects ahead of the European Central Bank meeting this week.
Stoxx 50 was up 19.16 points or 0.59 per cent at 3,252.07 and FTSE 100 rose 76.39 points or 1.15 per cent to 6,732.76.
2.15 pmProfit-taking by funds and retail investors led the Sensex and the Nifty trade lower by nearly 0.3 per cent.
The BSE benchmark Sensex was trading at 28,477.96, down 81.66 points and the NSE index Nifty was trading at 8,531.50, down 24.4 points.
Sectoral indices IT and auto indices fell the most by 1.1 per cent and 1.08 per cent, respectively, followed by TECk 0.71 per cent and oil & gas 0.31 per cent.
Metal and healthcare indices were the star-performers and were up 1.29 per cent and 1.24 per cent, respectively.
BSE gainers, losers Hindalco (+2.27%), SSLT (+1.72%), L&T (+1.46%), Bharti Airtel (+1.28%) Sun Pharma (+1.19%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were M&M (-2.32%), Infosys (-1.93%), GAIL (-1.67%), Bajaj Auto (-1.61%) and Tata Motors (-1.05%).
Oil retailers down Stocks of oil retailing companies were down by nearly 3 per cent as the Government has hiked the excise duty on petrol by Rs. 2.25 a litre, and on diesel by Rs. 1 a litre effective tonight.
Excise duty hiked Petrol, diesel excise duty hiked
European stocks rose amid an increase in M&A and as investors weighed stimulus prospects ahead of the European Central Bank meeting this week.
1.42 pmThe Sensex and the Nifty were trading down by nearly 0.5 per cent due to profit-taking in blue-chips amid firm global cues.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex was trading down by 125.98 points at 28,433.64 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty was trading lower by 38.95 points at 8,516.95.
Sectoral indices IT and auto indices fell the most by 1.13 per cent, followed by TECk 0.7 per cent and consumer durables 0.38 per cent. Metal (+1.15%), healthcare (+0.95%) and capital goods (+0.55%) indices remained investors' favourite.
BSE gainers, losers SSLT (+1.79%), Hindalco (+1.56%), Bharti Airtel (+1.26%), L&T (+1.06%) and Tata Steel (+0.95%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were M&M (-2.71%), Infosys (-1.79%), Bajaj Auto (-1.53%), Tata Steel (-1.27%) and HDFC (-1.22%).
12.40 pmThe Nifty and the Sensex were trading down by over 0.4 per cent. The Nifty was trading at 8,522, down 34 points, and the Sensex at 28,443, down 117 points.
Volatility Index, India Vix was at 13.06, down 1.06 per cent.
Sectoral indices such as auto, finance, IT, realty and services were in the red.
Top five gainers on the Nifty were JIndal Steel, NMDC, Cairn India, Sesa Sterlite and PNB.
European indices, FTSE-100, CAC-40 and DAX were in the red.
12.16 pmThe Sensex and the Nifty were trading down by nearly 0.4 per cent on heavy selling in auto, IT and TECk stocks despite firm global cues.
The BSE benchmark Sensex fell 120.76 points to trade at 28,438.86 and the NSE index Nifty moved down by 34.89 points at 8,521.10.
Trading was highly volatile despite RBI announcing that it would cut interest rates early next year.
According to Monetary Policy, Threats to infl. from poor north-east monsoon, removal of base effect and changes in cmdty prices remain.
— lokeshwarri sk (@lokeshwarri) December 2, 2014
Sectoral indices Auto index fell the most by 1.17 per cent, followed by IT 0.93 per cent and TECk 0.6 per cent, while metal (0.62 per cent), capital goods (0.6 per cent) and healthcare (0.56 per cent) indices remained investors' favourite.

Sena-BJP close to sealing a deal in Maharashtra; talks to continue todaySena-BJP close to sealing a deal in Maharashtra; talks to continue today
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Dec 02, 2014 10:40 AM IST
Shiv Sena today said talks with BJP over power sharing will continue today amid indications that the two estranged allies were close to sealing a deal after a month long stand-off over ministerial berths.
"Talks between BJP and Sena leaders will continue today. We discussed several things last night," senior Sena leader Subhash Desai who held talks with Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis last night told PTI.
Desai declined to disclose the time and venue of the parleys today.
There were reports that the Shiv Sena which had been demanding the post of the deputy chief minister and crucial Home Ministry, had toned down the demand and was ready to settle for other ministerial posts but nobody from either side confirmed the same.
The meeting between senior leaders of the two parties was held at Varsha, the official residence of Chief Minister.
"The discussions are in final phase and were held in a positive manner. Decision is pending on one or two issues with Shiv Sena," Fadnavis said after the last night's meeting.
"We are moving in the right direction. We can say that 70-80% talks have been completed where both the parties agreed. Some issues are left which we are still discussing," he had said yesterday.
"The talks have almost reached a positive conclusion barring one ministry, which the BJP is not ready to give us," a Sena leader had said last night on condition of anonymity without specifying the ministry in question.

In talks with multiple parties for fundsSave this video
Copy URL
SpiceJet is seeking funds to the tune of Rs 1,200-1,400 crores and is in talks with multiple parties. The company also says that its Q2 EBIDTA was in the green, and it has seen a reduction in costs. Watch the video to know the management's views on SpiceJet's future plans and performance targets.
15

CEOs threaten to pull tacit Obamacare support over  wellness  spatCEOs threaten to pull tacit Obamacare support over ‘wellness’ spat
By: Reuters |        New York |  November 29, 2014 11:10 pm
Summary
Leading U.S. CEOs, angered by the Obama administration’s challenge to certain “workplace wellness” programs…
Major U.S. corporations have broadly supported President Barack Obama's healthcare reform despite concerns over several of its elements. (Reuters)
Other Articles
Empowering technologies can add up to $1 trillion to Indian economy by 2025: McKinsey
Leading U.S. CEOs, angered by the Obama administration’s challenge to certain “workplace wellness” programs, are threatening to side with anti-Obamacare forces unless the government backs off, according to people familiar with the matter.
Major U.S. corporations have broadly supported President Barack Obama’s healthcare reform despite concerns over several of its elements, largely because it included provisions encouraging the wellness programs.
The programs aim to control healthcare costs by reducing smoking, obesity, hypertension and other risk factors that can lead to expensive illnesses. A bipartisan provision in the 2010 healthcare reform law allows employers to reward workers who participate and penalize those who don’t.
But recent lawsuits filed by the administration’s Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), challenging the programs at Honeywell International and two smaller companies, have thrown the future of that part of Obamacare into doubt.
The lawsuits infuriated some large employers so much that they are considering aligning themselves with Obama’s opponents, according to people familiar with the executives’ thinking.
“The fact that the EEOC sued is shocking to our members,” said Maria Ghazal, vice-president and counsel at the Business Roundtable, a group of chief executives of more than 200 large U.S. corporations. “They don’t understand why a plan in compliance with the ACA (Affordable Care Act) is the target of a lawsuit,” she said. “This is a major issue to our members.”
“There have been conversations at the most senior levels of the administration about this,” she added.
Business Roundtable members are due to meet Obama in a closed-door session on Tuesday, where they may air their concerns.
It is not clear how many members of the group, whose companies sponsor health insurance for 40 million people, are considering any action. It is also not clear if the White House can stop the EEOC from challenging wellness programs.
A threat of a corporate backlash comes at a time when Obama faces criticism even from his Democrats’ ranks that he had devoted too much political capital to healthcare reform.
Such action could take the form of radical changes in health benefits that employers offer. It could also mean supporting a potentially game-changing challenge to Obamacare at the Supreme Court next year and expected Republican efforts to eviscerate the law when they take control of Congress in 2015.
CARROTS AND STICKS
Obamacare allows financial incentives for workers taking part in workplace wellness programs of up to 50 percent of their monthly premiums, deductibles, and other costs. That translates into hundreds and sometimes thousands of dollars in extra annual costs for those who do not participate.
Typically, participation means filling out detailed health questionnaires, undergoing medical screenings, and in some cases attending weight-loss or smoking-cessation programs.
One of the arguments presented in the lawsuit against three employers is that requiring medical testing violates the Americans with Disabilities Act.
That 1990 law, according to employment-law attorney Joseph Lazzarotti of Jackson Lewis P.C. in Morristown, N.J., largely prohibits requiring medical tests as part of employment.
“You can’t make medical inquiries unless it’s consistent with job-necessity, or part of a voluntary wellness program,” he said.
The lawsuits are based on the view that it is no longer voluntary if employees face up to $4,000 in penalties for non-participation, loss of insurance or even their jobs.
Employers, however, see the lawsuits as reneging on the administration’s commitment to an important part of the healthcare reform.
On Nov. 14, Roundtable president John Engler sent a letter to the Labor, Treasury and Health and Human Services cabinet secretaries who oversee Obamacare asking them to “thwart all future inappropriate actions against employers who are complying with” the law’s wellness rules, and warning of “a chilling effect across the country.”
Asked for a response to the letter, an administration official told Reuters that it supported workplace health promotion and prevention “while ensuring that individuals are protected from unfair underwriting practices that could otherwise reduce benefits based on health status.”
UNDERMINING OBAMACARE
In practical terms, large corporations have several ways to undermine Obamacare if they decide to.
One is to support legal challenges to the subsidies given to low-income individuals who buy health insurance on the federal exchange established under the law. Neither the Business Roundtable nor any of its CEO members have done this so far. The Supreme Court is expected to hear oral arguments in the case in 2015.
Another option is to make top executives available for hearings on repealing or diluting Obamacare. “We never did this before,” said the person familiar with the executives’ thinking. “But they could turn up the noise. I don’t think the White House would want the CEOs turning on them and supporting these efforts on the Hill.”
The nuclear option would be to radically change employer-sponsored health insurance. Large corporations are highly unlikely to eliminate it, but they might give workers a fixed amount of money to buy coverage on a private insurance exchange. That would allow employers, almost all of which pay workers’ medical claims out of their earnings, to cap their healthcare spending.
TAGS: Barack Obama
More from industry
Concerted effort to manipulate machinery: Court in coal case Industrialist Kumar Mangalam Birla's letters to the then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh sought to re-open the issue of allocation...

Boost demand of Shariah-compliant mutual funds by giving taxreliefHindalco Industries shares plunge on special court's orders
To boost the demand for Shariah compliant mutual funds in the country, government should provide income tax relief on investment in such products along the lines of equity linked savings schemes (ELSS), experts have said.
Shariah laws prohibit one from investing in companies dealing with businesses like alcohol and tobacco, among others. They also do not allow interest payments.
SBI Mutual Fund is launching an Shariah-compliant diversified equity fund on December 1, aimed at attracting investments from the country’s large Muslim population. The scheme closes on December 15 and the fund is likely to reopen on or before December 26.
The leading asset management firm will become the fourth fund house in India to have an Islamic equity fund after Goldman Sachs MF, Taurus MF and Tata MF.
“There is no tax incentive on investment by the government for any of the Shariah compliant equity funds. Had there been separate tax incentive for such schemes, they must have attracted more and more people,” Economic Initiatives founder and consultant for participatory finance serving Basix social enterprise group, Syed Zahid Ahmad said.
Industry officials say that tax incentives will give a much-needed boost to such products.
Tata Mutual Fund’s Senior Fund Manager Pradeep Gokhale said the Tata Ethical fund offers investors (irrespective of their religious preferences) an avenue to own high quality growth stocks that perform consistently across market cycles.
“Unlike tax saving mutual funds and equity linked saving schemes (ELSS), there is no tax incentive on investment in these funds. It is despite the fact that only capital gain and dividends are tax free in these funds,” Gokhale said.
There is a big niche investor base who is not investing their money anywhere else and we want to bring such money into the capital market through this scheme, SBI MF Chief Marketing Officer D P Singh said.
As applicable to other equity schemes, all returns in this type of fund, if kept for more than 12 months will be treated as long term capital gains, which is taxed as nil.
Shariah compliant equity index or BSE Sharia Index has outperformed the BSE Sensex by 7-8 per cent in the last year, he added.
The BSE launched a specialised index, the S&P BSE 500 Shariah last year, which has given an annual return of 44.55 per cent as against the annual return given by S&P BSE Index at 39.70 per cent as on November 28, the BSE site said.
“The investible universe typically consists of companies that have high return ratios, strong cash generation to support the growth of their businesses and very low leverage. Such stocks give consistent and superior returns over a complete market cycle with low volatility,” Gokhale said.
TAGS: Mutual Funds
More from indianmarkets
Stocks tumble, Rupee at 13-month low as crude crashes BSE Sensex today recorded its worst single day fall of 538.12 points in 16 months to end day's trade below 27,000...

India China Bangladesh Myanmar economic corridor plannedUpdated: November 30, 2014 17:50 IST
India China Bangladesh Myanmar economic corridor planned
IANS
economy (general)
An India-China-Bangladesh-Myanmar economic corridor has been planned to get significant gains through sub-regional economic cooperation, Bangladesh Prime Minister’s energy affairs advisor Tawfiq-e-Elahi Chowdhury said on Sunday.
“To attain significant gains through sub-regional economic cooperation, an India-China-Bangladesh-Myanmar economic corridor has been planned. This was also discussed in the Saarc (South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation) summit in Kathmandu last week,” Chowdhury told reporters.
He said: “Under the leadership of Narendra Modi and Sheikh Hasina, both India and Bangladesh would further come closer through mutual cooperation in connectivity, energy, trade and business sectors.”
Chowdhury along with Bangladesh Minister of State for Power, Energy and Mineral Resources Nasrul Hamid will attend the inauguration of second unit of the 726 MW power project in Palatana in southern Tripura Monday when Modi dedicates it to the nation.
The power generation from the first unit (363 MW) of the Rs.9,000-crore Palatana plant, commissioned by the state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corporation, began December 2013 and the second unit (363 MW) is expected to start generation after its inauguration.
India has already announced it would supply 100 MW of power from the Palatana power plant to Bangladesh as a hallmark of cooperation with Bangladesh, which ensured the smooth passage of heavy project equipment and turbines to Palatana through its territory by road and waterways from Haldia port in West Bengal.
“Cooperation is a two-way traffic. If India and Bangladesh help each other and gradually widen their collaboration, the friendship and relations between the two neighbours would further become stronger,” Chowdhury said.
To a question, he said: “Bangladesh government has taken stringent actions against the northeast Indian militant outfits. We would not allow our soil to do any harmful act against India.”
Chowdhury was received by Tripura Power and Urban Development Minister Manik Dey at the Akhaura check post, near here, It is the second biggest trading post along 4,096 km long India-Bangladesh borders after Benapole-Petrapole border in West Bengal.

Coal India: Gaps in word anddeedCoal India
Rating: Add
Clarity on coal: Taking an objective view on Coal India without absolute clarity on (i) status of e-auction sales, (ii) road map to achieve aspired volume growth that has been languishing in low single digits and (iii) a well-defined pricing regime owing to incremental sales being allotted to the lower price-point power sector, is difficult prior to the anticipated stake sale by the government. While healthy free cash-flow generation and reasonable multiples prompt our positive stance, lack of clarity on the above issues caps the upside. Maintain Add rating with target price of R360.
Status of e-auction still remains elusive: The ministry of coal has recommended a cap on e-auction sales at 30 million tonne (58 mt in FY14) that improve earnings by 13% (fair value impact of R30 per share), and is factored in our current estimates. The CIL management, however, reiterates that there is no formal policy in place to cap e-auction sales, and the suggestion of the government to cap e-auction sales is only recommendatory in nature. Similar recommendations floated in the past have not fructified, though the current proposal gains more strength on grounds of a unified ministry for power and coal.
Improved visibility on volume trajectory: CIL has reported a tepid volume growth of 2.4% in H1FY15, on the heels of an equally unexciting 1% growth in FY14 even as the government aspires for 1 bn tonne of coal to be dispatched by FY20e (467 mt in FY14). A more concrete plan that backs this vision would help investors take a view on the stock owing to the high operating leverage of volume in the overall earnings profile.
CIL’s raw coal realisations have remained in a narrow range of R1,250/ton-R1,300/tonne over the past eight-ten quarters despite having taken price increases. The slump in sales as well as the increasing proportion of coal sold to the lower price-point weighed on realisations.
Predictability of price revisions is poor and is usually a measure of last resort to overcome rising costs and dwindling volume growth profile. A more structured approach to price increase is needed to improve the earnings predictability of CIL.
Modest valuations, rich cash-flow generation: Modest valuations (9.5x FY16e), attractive dividend yield (4%) and the upside potential of R30/share to out fair value estimate from likely sustenance of e-auction volumes as being guided by the management prompt our positive bias on Coal India. However, clarity on (i) status of e-auction sales, (ii) road map to achieve aspired volume growth and (iii) a well-defined pricing policy could significantly improve the company’s prospects.
E-auction cap may provide incremental supply to power sector: We remain circumspect of the recent announcements of capping coal supplies through e-auction as a step towards solving power sector problems. For the same to be plausible, it is imperative to have (i) rail infrastructure for transportation of coal to power plants, (ii) coal made available in sufficiently large quantities given the power sector requirements, and (iii) a steady supply of coal earlier used for e-auction is diverted towards power plants.
We note that only 15% of coal sold through e-auction is through railways, while 70% of the coal sold through e-auction is contributed by three subsidiaries with a lumpy supply of coal put up for auctions.
Volumes—macro indicators not showing a resurgent revival: Coal India ended FY14 with a dismal 1% growth in dispatches, and continued to miss targets for another year. CIL aims to dispatch 525 mt coal in FY15e, implying a growth rate of 11%. While YTD (year-to-date) performance at 2.4% is more in tune with our estimates of full year growth of 4%, the company is already running behind targets on production and dispatch volumes.
Data on clearances remain almost stagnant in FY14 in comparison to the previous year even as activity on new railway evacuation infrastructure appears distant. We would stick to our stance of modest volume growth for CIL in the medium term, while remaining watchful of progress on clearances as well as development of evacuation infrastructure.
—Kotak Institutional Equities
More from indianmarkets
Stocks tumble, Rupee at 13-month low as crude crashes BSE Sensex today recorded its worst single day fall of 538.12 points in 16 months to end day's trade below 27,000...

India and US talks today on joint arms productionBarack Obama
(The aim of the dialogue is…)
NEW DELHI: India and the United States will discuss defence technology transfer and joint defence production in Delhi from Monday, in the first major political-military dialogue in the run-up to US President Barack Obama's visit to India as chief guest at Republic Day next month.
Hoping to give a boost to Modi's call to global manufacturers to 'Make in India', the two sides will explore the possibility of joint defence production in critical areas like missiles after the government allowed 49% FDI in this strategic sector.
The US delegation is being led by Indian-American Puneet Talwar, assistant secretary in the US State Department's bureau of political military affairs, officials told ET. An important agreement on defence collaboration is expected to be signed during Obama's trip, they added.
The aim of the dialogue is to have wider discussions on export licensing, defence cooperation and strategic cooperation, and this round will serve as a preparation for a possible defence pact during Obama's visit, officials indicated. The scope of the political-military dialogue was expanded during Modi's US trip in September.
A key element in discussions will be technology transfer that the Modi government is seeking for enabling India to attain self-sufficiency in the long run. The issue of technology transfer will be addressed under the Defence Trade and Technology Initiative or DTTI, which represents US' commitment to build an indigenous Indian industrial base by pre-screening projects for co-production, and eventually, co-development.
There are over 20 items ranging from anti-tank missiles to launch systems for aircraft carriers that the US has offered to India under DTTI. Officials said DTTI needs a fresh push from both sides.
The two countries will set up a task force to quickly evaluate and decide on unique projects and technologies which will have a transformative impact on bilateral defence relations and enhance India's defence industry and military capabilities, officials said.
With defence being one of the key areas of cooperation, the yardstick of long-term India-US cooperation will be FDI in India, transfer of technology, co-production and co-development, a diplomat said. India presents a huge opportunity for global defence equipment manufacturers as it has announced a procurement plan of $100 billion over the next decade.
There is consensus among American policymakers that maintaining stability in Asia requires increased security cooperation with a democracy and emerging economy like India, officials said.
The US defence industry is looking abroad to increase sales at a time when domestic budgets are declining.
The security relationship is one area that offers tremendous promise for India-US relations , an official said, adding that it is an important element of Modi's economic dream.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Make in India  to be a reality in defence  says Manohar ParrikarDefence Minister
('I thank (Arun) Jaitley…)
Defence holds huge potential for Indian industry and for contributing to industrial production. Of course, there have been problems over the past decades and we have not concentrated on this industry. For customers, it is a disadvantage because unless you are very sure you cannot invest. All those aspects have been considered and we are working on policies where 'Make In India' becomes reality in this sector.
I thank (Arun) Jaitley for helping me get 80% of the work on track so I can complete it in the next couple of months. All my files ultimately land in on his table.
As regards manufacturing of major defence equipment by the private sector , it depends on the quantum, technology and technology transfer. There are many issues, but we will push through this over one or two years. If we are the biggest customer, we should get things done in our country.
We have been developing tanks. With some improvement and tightening of screws we can get it right. We are developing fighters , but a few items we cannot afford to develop because either they are too little in number or the technology involved is too heavy.
Ultimately, political and industrial minds need to go into it. The bureaucratic mind sometimes creates funny situations.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modern day military battles: Defence owns 3.17% of capitals landYou are here: Home > Collections
Modern day military battles: Defence owns 3.17% of capital’s land
ET Bureau Dec 1, 2014, 06.35AM IST
Land owned by the defence ministry nationwide is more than the area of State of Palestine or Hong Kong. According to the defence ministry, it doesn't have any surplus property and land that is lying vacant or unused is either earmarked for a specific purpose or is meant to be used in the future. Rajasthan has the largest share of defence land, but New Delhi tops if land is measured as a proportion of state area...
FEATURED ARTICLES

Manufacturing PMI at 21-month high in NovemberManufacturing PMI at 21-month high in November
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 02, 2014 12:59 AM IST
In November, manufacturing activity in India rose to a 21-month high, though that didn’t lead to additional hiring, showed the HSBC Purchasing Managers’ Index (PMI), released on Monday.
The data also pointed to an uptick in price pressure, owing to a commentator on the report advising the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to hold policy rates at its monetary policy review on Tuesday, despite persistent demands from India Inc to ease rates.
For November, the PMI rose to 53.3 points from 51.6 points in October. Monday’s data come a few days after official data showed India’s economy grew 5.3 per cent in the quarter ended September, against 5.7 per cent in the previous one, owing to the manufacturing sector expanding only 0.1 per cent in the September quarter, against 3.5 per cent in the previous one.
A reading of more than 50 in the PMI for manufacturing, based on a survey of about 500 private firms, means expansion, while a reading of less than 50 shows contraction. The survey includes output, outlook and confidence of respondents.
The improvement in conditions in manufacturing, the 13th consecutive rise, was across segments, said Markit Economics, which compiled the data. It added the performance of the consumer goods segment was the best in the broad areas monitored. However, official data on the Index of Industrial Production (IIP) hasn’t shown any sustained uptick in consumer goods this year, at least in the durables segment. In September, for instance, consumer goods production declined 11.35 per cent, while production of consumer non-durables rose just 1.5 per cent.
In November, growth in production in the manufacturing sector was the highest since February, 2013, which Markit Economics attributed to rising new work inflows. “November data reinforced reports of stronger-than-expected demand, as new order growth accelerated to the quickest in 21 months,” the firm said.
This trend, too, was in contrast to official data, which showed exports had declined in October.
“Manufacturing activity accelerated further in November, led by higher output and new orders. Domestic orders saw the biggest increase, even as new export orders continued to be strong,” said Pranjul Bhandari, chief India economist at HSBC.
Despite accelerated expansion in output and new business, employment in the Indian manufacturing sector remained broadly unchanged, said a commentary released along with the data.
Just a day ahead of the RBI's monetary policy review, Markit Economics said higher prices of metals, chemicals and energy led to a significant rise in input costs in November, the 68th month of cost inflation. Also, inflationary pressures intensified during the month, following three consecutive months of easing.
Among the surveyed sub-categories, the sharpest increase in input costs was seen in the intermediate goods segment.
Rising input costs, along with improving demand, drove output prices higher in November. The rise in output inflation rose to the highest in five months.
“The sharp rise in input prices was surprising, but future prints might be lower as falling commodity prices eventually lead to softer intermediate goods prices,” said Bhandari. The pick-up in output prices, he added, could signal a revival in pricing power among businesses.
“Higher output and an uptick in final prices should convince RBI to stay on hold at its coming meeting,” Bhandari said.
 

IPL Scam: Srinivasan drags in PawarTweet
0
'I am clean'Former Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) president Narayanaswamy Srinivasan - defending himself in Supreme Court in conflict of interest case - says he sought Sharad Pawar's opinion before bidding for Chennai Super Kings.
The International Cricket Council (ICC) chairman told the Supreme Court that all accusations made against him are untrue.
Previously, the apex court had alleged conflict of interest against the India Cements owner, adding that he was also answerable regarding his son-in-law and CSK official Gurunath Meiyappan.
The latter had been found guilty of betting during the 2013 Indian Premier League season.
"I acted with speed when I got to know about allegations against my son-in-law. BCCI launched a complaint against Meiyappan and Raj Kundra," Srinivasan said.
Earlier on Thursday, the apex court had observed that IPL team Chennai Super Kings should be disqualified without any further enquiry.
The court had disclosed the names of a few personalities, who were probed by the Justice Mudgal Committee for alleged links to the IPL spot-fixing scandal.
The court had disclosed the names of a few personalities, who were probed by the Justice Mudgal Committee for alleged links to the IPL spot-fixing scandal.
The names disclosed, included that of Srinivasan, BCCI chief operating officer (COO) Sunder Raman, Rajasthan Royals co-owner Raj Kundra and Chennai Super Kings team principal Gurunath Meiyappan. The court had asked Srinivasan to step down from his position as the BCCI president in order to ensure a fair investigation into the betting and spot-fixing charges levied against Meiyappan.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

NSE wants investors  tip-off on market riggingNSE wants investors' tip-off on stock market rigging
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 10:21 IST
Taking an innovative route to catch rogue elements in the stock market, leading bourse NSE wants investors and general public to provide its surveillance department with any tip-offs they may have about cases of share price rigging, insider frauds and other violations .
Such tip-offs can be provided through phone using the toll-free number or via email and they will be kept confidential, while anonymous complaints can also be submitted for further probe by the relevant departments of the exchange.
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) has created a special section on its website for this purpose, which the exchange said "intends to invite information and tips on violations/ manipulations that may adversely affect the market quality and integrity".
"NSE treats all tips and information received under this section as confidential and does not disclose such information to anyone, unless required by statute, regulation, or court of law," the exchange added.
Investors can give tip-offs related to insider trading , fraud, price rigging, conspiracy, manipulation as well as violations of market integrity.
Besides, information could also be provided related to the exchange's ongoing probe and surveillance.
After receiving the tip-off, the exchange's market surveillance department looks into the information and takes it to a logical conclusion.
Further, the NSE said that information regarding grievances against brokers or companies listed on the exchange "may be registered under the section 'Domestic Investors/ Register an e-complaint'.
"Any investor complaint of specific nature given under this section may not receive attention of Investor Services Cell," it added.
When contacted an NSE official said the information collected through this mechanism first gets examined by the surveillance and investigation departments and necessary actions are taken subsequently.
The exchange has found such tip-offs very useful and they are being used appropriately, the official added.

RWE decides not to mimic Eon spin-offRWE rejects following Eon plan to split business
Jeevan Vasagar, Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/17d9db8e-7963-11e4-a57d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SAARC Membership: India blocks China s entry for the time beingBangladesh
(China, now an observer in…)
NEW DELHI: India had quietly worked during the Saarc programming committee meetings last week ahead of the Kathmandu summit to block China's entry into the grouping for the time being by proposing that all nine observers to the bloc, including Beijing, support common development projects in the region to initially become dialogue partners.
China, now an observer in Saarc, has been seeking an entry to the regional organisation, with support from Pakistan which also roped in Sri Lanka and Maldives . A section of Nepali political class also pleaded China's case. But other SAARC members, including Bangladesh , did not show enthusiasm at the Summit for China's entry into SAARC, official sources informed.
The official at ministerial level meetings ahead of the Summit decided that nine observers could support SAARC projects to become dialogue partners, sources said.
The Kathmandu Declaration on Thursday also reflected this. "The leaders directed the programming committee to engage the SAARC observers into productive, demanddriven and objective project-based cooperation in areas identified by the member states," according to the Declaration. Besides China, USA , Japan, South Korea, Iran, Myanmar, Mauritius, Australia and EU are SAARC observers.
Inspired by Moscow, Beijing recently offered its support to India's bid to be a member of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO).
During his recent visit to India last September, Chinese President Xi Jinping requested PM Narendra Modi to reciprocate the gesture by backing Beijing's attempt to enter the SAARC. Delhi, however, was not committal on it.
SAARC had earlier decided to explore the possibility of elevating the observers to the status of dialogue partners.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Buy Reliance Industries Today  Says Sanjeev BhasinYou are here: Home Market
Buy Reliance Industries Today, Says Sanjeev Bhasin
NDTV | Updated On: December 02, 2014 08:50 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
The Nifty could be volatile on Tuesday ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's policy announcement. Global cues remain weak as profit booking has set in across the board.
The pickup in industrial activity got a fillip as October infrastructure output spurted to 6.3 per cent against 1.9 per cent in September.
Trading call with a one month outlook,
1) Buy Reliance Industries: 960-965, 1 month target 1060-65. RIL's shale gas performance in the US is better-than-expected. Domestic gas pricing will be favourably impacted in early 2015. The retail business is showing strong volume traction also.
2) Option strategy for next 2/3 days: Sell Bank Nifty November 19000 call at 230, sell Bank nifty November 18000 put at 170. Total premium earned is 400. Look for premium contraction after policy to buy back around 200-225.
Disclaimer: Investors are advised to make their own assessment before acting on the information.
Story first published on: December 02, 2014 08:48 (IST)

Asia Resource Shares Helped by Oil Bounce  Dollar CappedYou are here: Home Market
Asia Resource Shares Helped by Oil Bounce, Dollar Capped
Reuters | Updated On: December 02, 2014 09:08 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Tokyo: Asian equities were mixed on Tuesday, with a rebound in crude oil and other commodity prices favouring the stock markets of resource-exporting countries, while the likes of Tokyo's Nikkei struggled.
Crude oil held on to its gains after rebounding sharply overnight from five-year lows. The bounce in commodities was also a good omen for commodity currencies such as the Canadian and Australian dollars, and also helped gold to bounce back.
Buoyed by a relief rally in resource firms, Australian shares rose 1.3 per cent. Similarly, Indonesian stocks gained 0.4 per cent and Singaporean shares rose 0.9 per cent.
"We're one of only a few markets in positive territory today and it really reflects that high presence of resources stocks," said CMC Markets chief market strategist Michael McCarthy, referring to the rise in Australian shares.Reflecting mixed fortunes within the region, MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was up a modest 0.1 per cent.
The region's decliners included Tokyo's Nikkei which shed 0.1 per cent as the yen's losing streak came to a halt, and South Korea's Kospi, which lost 0.5 per cent on global growth concerns.
Japanese equities and government bonds mostly shrugged off a downgrade of Japan's sovereign debt rating by Moody's on Monday.
The rating agency downgraded Japan by one notch to A1 from Aa3, citing rising uncertainty over the country's ability to hit its debt-reduction goal. The downgrade came just after Japanese premier Shinzo Abe opted to postpone an increase in sales tax intended to tackle Japan's debt burden.
"It can be said that the sales tax delay had gained the support of the international community as it was meant to help the economy amid a slowdown, and the downgrade is unlikely to change such views," said Masafumi Yamamoto, a market strategist at Praevidentia Strategy in Tokyo.
"As for Japanese government bonds (JGBs), which are more directly impacted by downgrades, any effect is likely to be temporary thanks to the Bank of Japan's quantitative easing. Past downgrades have also had little impact on JGBs," he said.
JGB 10-year futures were down 0.15 point at 146.75 but still within striking distance of a record high 146.96 hit on Monday.
The dollar was steady at 118.450 yen. In turbulent trade immediately after Moody's downgrade of Japan the greenback jumped to a seven-year high of 119.15 but its gains were pared as the rebound in oil prices lifted commodity currencies against the greenback.
The Canadian dollar rose to C$1.1327 per dollar from a one-month low of C$1.1459 and the Aussie fetched $0.8483, pulling away from a 4-1/2 year low of $0.8417.
US crude oil was down 0.7 per cent at $68.50 a barrel, after posting a 4 per cent rise overnight from a five-year low of $63.72 as bearish positions were squeezed.
Gold, beaten down after Switzerland on Sunday voted against a proposal to boost gold reserves, also held on to the bulk of its gains after rebounding sharply on spillover support from the bounce in oil.
Spot gold was down 0.4 per cent at $1,205.00 an ounce after gaining 3.7 per cent the previous day.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Good news: India s core sector growth climbs at 6.3 percentCore sector growth climbs at 6.3 per cent
Recommend
Link
15 days ago, ET NOW
After over 5% GDP growth, the core sector which comprises 8 key infra sectors grew at 6.3% in October. Core sector contributes around 38% of the IIP. Watch for complete information.
More on ET NOW:
ET NOW - 9 hours ago
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Sensex falls in early trade ahead of RBI policyMARKET UPDATE: Sensex slips 115 points post RBI policy review
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 16:36 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Markets fell for the second day with the benchmark Sensex declining over 115 points on Tuesday on selling in auto stocks after RBI kept interest rates unchanged for the fifth time in a row and IT shares dipped on strength in rupee.
In highly volatile trade, the 30-share BSE index fell to touch the day's low of 28,386.46 following announcement of credit policy. However, the index recovered briefly to hit 28,576.39 on RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan's hint of lowering rates early next year .
Participants later resorted to selling at every rise and the Sensex ended the day at 28,444.01, down 115.61 points, or 0.40 per cent.
On Monday, it had slipped 134.37 points. On similar lines, the NSE 50-share Nifty, after swinging to and fro, settled with a loss of 31.20 points, or 0.36 per cent, at 8,524.70. Intra-day, it traded in a narrow range between 8,504.65 and 8,560.20.
By not cutting rates, RBI has remained consistent in its policy objective of decisively bringing down inflation -and long term inflationary expectations.
Lower post policy bond yields show the market feels more confident that eventually rates will be much lower, said Arvind Sethi, MD & CEO, TATA Asset Management. Rupee, which had breached 62-mark against dollar in previous sessions, today strengthened to 61.87 levels.
This put pressure on shares of IT companies, including TCS and Infosys , which earn most of their sales in the US currency. Oil scrips also were on the sellers' list after excise duty on petrol was hiked by Rs 2.25 per litre and by Re 1 a litre on diesel but retail pump rates won't rise as oil firms have decided to absorb the duty change for the time being.
Over half of the 30 Sensex constituents ended with losses led by GAIL (down 2.85 per cent), M&M (2.47 per cent), HDFC (1.51 per cent) and Hero MotoCorp (1.48 per cent).
Sectorwise, BSE IT index suffered the most by losing 1.48 per cent, followed by Auto 1.05 per cent and Oil & Gas 0.66 per cent, among others. Global cues, however, were conducive as Asian bourses ended higher and Europe was better in its opening trades. Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth net Rs 12.36 crore on Monday, as per provisional data.

BSE Sensex down 65 points in early trade ahead of RBI policyBy: Reuters | Mumbai |
Posted: December 2, 2014 10:24 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 4:47 pm
Markets fell for the second day with benchmark Sensex declining over 115 points today on selling in auto stocks after RBI kept interest rates unchanged for the fifth time in a row and IT shares dipped on strength in rupee.
In highly volatile trade, the 30-share BSE index fell to touch the day’s low of 28,386.46 following announcement of credit policy. However, the index recovered briefly to hit 28,576.39 on RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan’s hint of lowering rates early next year.
Participants later resorted to selling at every rise and the Sensex ended the day at 28,444.01, down 115.61 points, or 0.40 per cent. Yesterday, it had slipped 134.37 points.
On similar lines, the NSE 50-share Nifty, after swinging to and fro, settled with a loss of 31.20 points, or 0.36 per cent, at 8,524.70. Intra-day, it traded in a narrow range between 8,504.65 and 8,560.20.
“By not cutting rates, RBI has remained consistent in their policy objective of decisively bringing down inflation -and long term inflationary expectations. Lower post policy bond yields show the market feels more confident that eventually rates will be much lower,” said Arvind Sethi, MD & CEO, TATA Asset Management.
Rupee, which had breached 62-mark against dollar in previous sessions, today strengthened to 61.87 levels. This put pressure of shares IT companies, including TCS and Infosys, which earn most of their sales in the US currency.
Oil scrips also were on the sellers’ list after excise duty on petrol was hiked by Rs 2.25 per litre and by Re 1 a litre on diesel but retail pump rates won’t rise as oil firms have decided to absorb the duty change for the time being.
Over half of the 30 Sensex constituents ended with losses led by GAIL (down 2.85 per cent), M&M (2.47 per cent), HDFC (1.51 per cent) and Hero MotoCorp (1.48 per cent).
Sectorwise, BSE IT index suffered the most by losing 1.48 per cent, followed by Auto 1.05 per cent and Oil & Gas 0.66 per cent, among others.
Global cues, however, were conducive as Asian bourses ended higher and Europe was better in its opening trades.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth net Rs 12.36 crore yesterday, as per provisional data.

Goldman Sachs top employers on Day 1 of placement IIT  MadrasInvestment banking giant Goldman Sachs was the top employer recruiting 13 candidates on the first day of placement season that began at the Indian Institute of Technology, Madras, today.
Samsung Research and Development Institute, Bangalore, employed eight, while Visa Inc, Microsoft employed seven each.
Shell India Markets gave offer letters to six, while ITC Ltd recruited five, an IIT-M release said.
The top salary offered was USD 1.29 lakh per year, made by a foreign company.
The second highest pay offered was Rs 30 lakh per year, by a domestic firm, the release said without disclosing the details of candidates.
Here is the break-up about who has how many.
Four persons were selected by the Boston Consulting Group, while McKinsey and Company, Xerox Research Centre, IBM recruited three candidates each.
Auctus Advisors and Hindustan Unilever Ltd offered placements to two candidates each, while, Japan headquartered Works Applications selected 1 candidate.
During the grave yard placement session that happens between 12 am and 6 am, Epic selected five candidates, while internet major Google selected four.
Oracle India recruited two candidates, while Cisco, Visa Inc, Service Now Software Development India selected one candidate each. Microsoft selected three candidates, the release said.
TAGS: Jobs
More from industry
Concerted effort to manipulate machinery: Court in coal case Industrialist Kumar Mangalam Birla's letters to the then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh sought to re-open the issue of allocation...

CALC finalises $10 bn order for 100 Airbus p...You are here: Home > Collections
China Aircraft Leasing finalises $10 billion order for 100 Airbus planes
Reuters Dec 2, 2014, 11.07AM IST
Tags:
Airbus
(CALC on Tuesday said it…)
BEIJING: China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd (CALC) on Tuesday said it has finalised a $10.2 billion deal to buy 100 planes from European aircraft maker Airbus Group NV subject to shareholder approval.
The jets will be delivered over the period 2016-2022, and will be funded by bank loans, debt, equity financing and working capital among other means, CALC said in a stock exchange filing.
The deal, first announced on Nov. 6, includes 74 A320neo planes. The A320neo is a revamped version of the bestselling 150-seat A320, offering fuel savings of 15 per cent and due to enter service late next year.
Hong Kong-based CALC is part of an expanding breed of Chinese leasing companies focusing on medium-haul aircraft for the country's crowded domestic routes.
China is the world's fastest-growing aviation market and is set to surpass the United States as the busiest domestic air travel market within 10 years, according to recent Airbus forecasts.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Brent crude prices can slip to below $40 a barrelYou are here: Home > Collections
Crude oil prices could drip below $40 a barrel
Bloomberg Dec 2, 2014, 02.39AM IST
Tags:
CARACAS
(Oil has dropped 38% this…)
LONDON|PARIS: Oil's decline is proving to be the worst since the collapse of the financial system in 2008 and threatening to have the same global impact of falling prices three decades ago that led to the Mexican debt crisis and the end of the Soviet Union .
Russia , the world's largest producer, can no longer rely on the same oil revenues to rescue an economy suffering from European and US sanctions. Iran , also reeling from similar sanctions, will need to reduce subsidies that have partly insulated its growing population.
Nigeria, fighting an Islamic insurgency, and Venezuela, crippled by failing political and economic policies, also rank among the biggest losers from the decision by the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries last week to let the force of the market determine what some experts say will be the first free-fall in decades.
"This is a big shock in Caracas , it's a shock in Tehran , it's a shock in Abuja," Daniel Yergin , vicechairman of Englewood, Colorado-based consultant IHS and author of a Pulitzer Prize-winning
history of oil, told Bloomberg Radio. "There's a change in psychology. There's going to be a higher degree of uncertainty."
Oil has dropped 38% this year and, in theory, production can continue to flow until prices fall below the day-to-day costs at existing wells. Stevens said some US shale producers may break even at $40 a barrel or less.
The International Energy Agency estimates most drilling in the Bakken formation -- the shale producers that Opec seeks to drive out of business -- return cash at $42 a barrel. A world already unsettled by Russian-inspired insurrection in Ukraine to the onslaught of Islamic State in the Middle East is about be roiled further as crude prices plunge. Global energy markets have been upended by an unprecedented North American oil boom brought on by hydraulic fracturing, the process of blasting shale rocks to release oil and gas.
Few expected the extent or speed of the US oil resurgence. As wildcatters unlocked new energy supplies, some oil exporters abroad failed to invest in diversifying their economies. Coddled by years of $100 crude, governments instead spent that windfall subsidising everything from 5 cents-pergallon gasoline to cheap housing that kept a growing population of underemployed citizens content.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Suspected al Shabaab militants kill 36 workers in a Kenyan quarry  state mediaBy: Reuters | Nairobi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 11:05 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 1:28 pm
Gunmen killed 36 workers in an attack on a quarry in Kenya’s Mandera county, which borders Somalia, Kenyan media reported on Tuesday.
Citizen Television said the 36 workers were killed when suspected al Shabaab militants from Somalia attacked the quarry. The Kenyan Red Cross said the quarry was about 15 km (10 miles) from Mandera town.
Some 28 people were killed in the area last month when al Shabaab militants hijacked a Nairobi-bound bus.

Rate-sensitive stocks like banks  realty and capital goods cut losses after RBI s policyAuto, banks, realty stocks pare losses after RBI policy review
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 2, 2014, 11.45AM IST
Tags:
Bajaj
(At 09:50 a.m.; BSE Banking…)
NEW DELHI: Shares in rate sensitive sectors such as banks, realty, capital goods pared losses on Tuesday, after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) maintained a status quo on policy rates.
BSE Bankex was down 0.32% against 0.41% ahead of the policy.
Auto index was down 0.75% against 0.41% ahead of the policy.
Among the banking names Federal Bank (down 1.3 per cent) was the top loser, followed by Yes Bank (down 0.85 per cent), ICICI Bank (down 0.70 per cent), IndusInd Bank (down 0.61 per cent), HDFC Bank (down 0.46 per cent) and Canara Bank (down 0.16 per cent).
The BSE Realty index was trading 0.6 per cent lower led by losses in HDIL (down 1.04 per cent), Prestige Estates (down 1.3 per cent), Sobha Developers (down 1.6 per cent), Unitech (down 1.9 per cent) and DB Realty (down 2 per cent).
The BSE Realty index was trading 0.3 per cent lower, led by losses in DB realty (down 1.4 per cent), Prestige Estates Projects (down 1.44 per cent), Oberoi Realty (down 1.14 per cent) and DLF (down 0.81 per cent).
The BSE Auto index was trading 0.8 per cent lower, led by losses in Bajaj Auto (down 1.8 per cent), Bharat Forge (down 1.2 per cent), M&M (down 1 per cent), Tata Motors (down 0.95 per cent) and Hero MotoCorp (down 0.87 per cent).
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex Falls Nearly 150 Points  Nifty Near 8 500You are here: Home Market
Sensex Recovers After Dipping Briefly; Early Rate Cut Hopes Boost
Reuters | Updated On: December 02, 2014 11:57 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Indian markets recovered after falling briefly on Tuesday after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kept interest rates unchanged, as sentiment improved on hopes it would cut interest rates early next year.
The RBI kept interest rates unchanged at 8.0 per cent on Tuesday as widely expected, staying focused on containing inflation while adopting a more dovish tone in response to the government's call for help to revive economic growth.
Traders said a rate cut in early 2015 was more or less certain now unless global commodity prices moved adversely.
The benchmark 10-year bond yield was at 8.02 per cent at 0547 GMT, after earlier rising to as much as 8.11 per cent.
The NSE Bank index turned positive after earlier dropping as much as 0.5 per cent. Shares gave up most losses to trade largely flat on the day.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Brisk polling in JharkhandJharkhand polls: 32.10% voting till 11 am
PTI
Tweet
Ranchi, Dec 2:  
Brisk polling was reported in several of the 20 constituencies of seven Maoist-hit districts in Jharkhand where second-phase voting is on for the 81-seat Assembly today.
Polling was going on peacefully and 32.10 per cent of the total 44,31,900 voters exercised their franchise in the first four hours, Election Commission sources said.
Long queues were seen in the Maoist-hit areas, where election is being held amid tight security.
Till 11 am, Baharagora constituency registered the maximum voter turnout of 44.38 per cent followed by Jagannathpur 43 per cent, Majhgaon 40 per cent and Tamar 29 per cent, the sources said.
Barring a defective EVM machine being replaced in Jaganathpur, polling is incident-free, the sources said.
Former Chief Minister Madhu Koda and his MLA wife Gita Koda cast their votes in Jaganathpur constituency.
While Koda is contesting from Majhgaon (ST) seat, his wife is fighting from Jaganathpur (ST) constituency.
Another former Chief Minister Arjun Munda and his wife Meera Munda also exercised his franchise from Kharsawan, from where he is contesting for the fifth time.
BJP Vice President and former deputy chief minister Raghuvar Das cast his franchise in Jamshedpur (East), while his BJP colleague and candidate from Jamshedpur (WEST) Saryu Roy also cast his vote.
Tata Steel Managing Director T.V Narendra and his wife Ruchi Narendran also voted in Jamshedpur.
Besides women, a large number of youths were seen waiting in serpentine queues in the steel city.
Khunti SDO-cum-returning officer Ramesh Gholak said voting was going on peacefully.
A total of 44,31,900 voters, including 21,72,982 women, are eligible to cast their franchise in 5,048 polling stations to elect 223 candidates, including 35 women.
Besides former Chief Ministers Arjun Munda and Madhu Koda, former deputy chief minister Raghubar Das (Jamshedpur East), three State ministers including Agriculture minister Banna Gupta (Jamshedpur-West), HRD minister Geetashree Oraon (Sisai), Industries minister Champai Soren (Seraikella), several sitting and former MLAs are trying their luck.
First phase polling was held in 13 Maoist-affected seats of the State on November 25 last which witnessed a turnout of 62 per cent.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Jindal Steel up nearly 4% on NSENMDC shines, up 2% on NSE
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, Dec 2:  
Jindal Steel extended its morning rally to hold gains of 4.5 per cent in late trading on Tuesday on the NSE. At 3.20 pm it was trading at Rs 141.8 as against Rs 135.7 at close yesterday.
NMDC was also in the limelight building gains of 2.05 per cent at Rs 137.15. The stock had ended the previous session at Rs 134.40.
IDFC was trading up 1.87 per cent at Rs 160.6 as against Rs 157.65 at close yesterday.
Hindalco Industries spurted 1.79 per cent at Rs 170.4 as against Rs 167.4 at close on Monday.
Bharti Airtel was also on a firm wicket, building gains of 1.59 per cent at Rs 383.8 as against Rs 377.80 at close yesterday.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Change in stance by Raghuram Rajan s RBI very heartening: Analyst viewRBI POLICY REVIEW: HIGHLIGHTS
RADHIKA RAO, ECONOMIST, DBS, SINGAPORE:
The RBI did not relent to market pressure and opted to keep rates unchanged. The policy language has turned neutral as risks to the FY16 target are now seen as evenly balanced, but policymakers were quick to add that durability of readings beyond December will be watched.
We interpret these statements to signal that a decision to lower rates will be data-dependant given the uncertainty over the trajectory for crude prices and challenging fiscal outlook. More importantly, the RBI is wary of policy flip-flops and highlights that if and when the policy direction shifts, the subsequent action needs to be consistent with the changed course.
Hence, further clarity on price outlook will be preferable as base effects fade in first quarter next year. Nonetheless, the door for rate cuts has been left open and is likely to see the market shift rate cut expectations to February’s review.
SANDEEP NANDA, CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER, BHARTI AXA LIFE INSURANCE, MUMBAI
The policy has come in line with market expectations. There is no rate cut but guidance is definitely dovish. People will now expect rate cuts from February onwards. RBI has brought down its expectations to market’s level. More positive surprises can be expected given the way commodity prices are behaving.
ARVIND CHARI, HEAD OF FIXED INCOME AND ALTERNATIVES, QUANTUM ADVISORS, MUMBAI
We have maintained that the RBI will only move post certainty on growth polices and supply reforms in the budget. We thus expect the first rate cut to be immediately post-budget in the first half of March and it can be a 50 basis point cut.
KILLOL PANDYA, SENIOR FUND MANAGER-DEBT, LIC NOMURA MF
RBI’s policy is very balanced and pragmatic. There should be no complaints from market participants. The policy is dovish relatively so there would be continued expectations of rate cuts in future. The trajectory would remain dovish but government’s needs to do its part.
R.K. GUPTA, MD, TAURUS ASSET MANAGEMENT, NEW DELHI
This is what we were expecting. Probably rates may not be reduced before April 2015. Reducing 25 basis points is not going change anything in the corporate sector. If inflation continues to remain low, foreign currency reserves remain comfortable, current account deficit remains under control, probably you can expect a 50-75 basis point cut in April 2015, after the budget. RBI will take a very, very cautious approach.
SHAKTI SATAPATHY, FIXED INCOME STRATEGIST, AK CAPITAL, MUMBAI
Today’s action is aimed at containing the medium-term inflationary pressure and is well in line with the RBI’s sanctity towards its previous tone. However, the tone for today’s policy seems more softer on account of positive developments happening to the intermittent data points. The prolonged low price regime seen in international crude and the government’s effort in containing the fiscal deficit would weigh positive in forthcoming policies of 2015 and might lead to a first rate cut in the first quarter of 2015.
DEVENDRA KUMAR PANT, CHIEF ECONOMIST AND SENIOR DIRECTOR, (HEAD-PUBLIC FINANCE), INDIA RATINGS AND RESEARCH
The policy has come in line with our expectations. There are high chances of a rate cut in Feb 2015. Decline in inflation has come mainly from falling crude oil prices. Oil prices will remain low but may not see a sharp fall next year. Food inflation may also rise due to summer pressure. Base-effect will keep inflation lower until December.
J. VENKATESAN, EQUITY FUND MANAGER, SUNDARAM AMC, CHENNAI
The central bank has made a strong dovish statement. Inflation is clearly trending downwards, and based on that the RBI has clearly stated that the monetary stance will be reviewed early next year. If the interest rate is cut it would be sentimentally beneficial, but things will not pick up just because of rate cuts. A strong reforms push is needed to revive economic growth, that is where the cycle had got stuck.
A. PRASANNA, ECONOMIST, ICICI SECURITIES PRIMARY DEALERSHIP LTD, MUMBAI
This policy is as per expectation. The guidance is dovish which leads us to believe that there is a significant chance of policy easing by February subject to inflation and government’s efforts to meet fiscal targets. At this point we’ll go with 25 basis points. The bond market is running ahead, but there’s more conviction about policy easing by February.
KUMAR RACHAPUDI, SENIOR RATES STRATEGIST, ANZ, SINGAPORE
The RBI assessing the risks to its January 2016 inflation forecast as ‘balanced’, previously the risks were biased upside, is significant. In fact, the RBI said if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year. Think this paves way for a rate cut in early 2015 unless global commodity prices aggressively reverse their fall. We like staying long Indian bonds here.
SANDEEP BAGLA, ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR, TRUST GROUP
The change in stance by RBI is very heartening. The easing of commodity prices has meant that the central bank has room to cut rate by around 75 bps for the next full year. Market has tried to price in this possibility by rallying strongly. There’s a good chance that the 10-year yield will fall to 7.90-7.95 in the immediate term.
R. SIVAKUMAR, HEAD OF FIXED INCOME, AXIS ASSET MANAGEMENT, MUMBAI
Clearly, a very dovish statement by the governor; they have acknowledged that inflation is treading expectations and that there is scope for monetary easing in early 2015. Markets like clarity and they are reading this as a signal that barring any surprises, a Feb 2015 rate cut looks likely.
BACKGROUND
- India’s annual infrastructure output growth accelerated to 6.3 percent in October, driven by pick up in coal and electricity generation, government data showed, indicating an improvement in economic activity.
- Gross domestic product expanded 5.3 percent in the July-September quarter from a year earlier as a manufacturing slump took the bounce out of Asia’s third-largest economy. Growth in the previous quarter was at a 2-1/2 year high of 5.7 percent.
- India has scrapped a rule mandating traders to export 20 percent of all gold imported into the country, a surprise move that could cut smuggling and raise legal shipments into the world’s second-biggest consumer of the metal after China.
- The Indian government plans to raise about 891.2 billion rupees ($14.4 billion) by reducing its stakes in state-run banks to 52 percent, the junior finance minister said.
- India could give banks more flexibility to restructure distressed loans in a bid to steer funding towards cash-strapped infrastructure projects, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan said.
- The wholesale price index rose an annual 1.77 percent last month, its slowest since September 2009, compared with the 2.20 percent forecast by economists in a Reuters poll.
- Retail inflation, which the RBI tracks in setting lending rates, slowed to 5.52 percent in October from a multi-year low of 6.46 percent a month earlier, helped by slower annual rises in food and fuel prices.
- India raised the minimum capital requirement for so-called shadow banks and tightened rules on deposits and bad loans to avoid any potential risk to the economy from these rapidly growing finance firms by regulating them like traditional banks.
TAGS: Raghuram Rajan RBI Policy Reserve Bank Of India
More from economy
Per capita annual income increases in national capital The per capita annual income in the national capital has increased to Rs 2.19 lakh in 2013-14 as campared to Rs 1.92 lakh in the previous fiscal.

5 reasons why Raghuram Rajan did not cut rates5 reasons why Raghuram Rajan did not cut rates
Ishan Bakshi | New Delhi Dec 02, 2014 11:03 AM IST
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan kept key rates unchanged despite rising pressure from the government and industry to soften rates in a bid to boost the economy. However, he struck dovish tone, saying that rate cut can be expected early next year if the current inflation trajectory continues. Here are five reasons that explore why the RBI didnot cut rates.
1. The recent decline in inflation is partly due to the base effect but according to economists this is likely to reverse early next year. Also, the Ministry of Agriculture has forecasted a lower kharif output for cereals, pulses and oilseeds which could put some upward bias on inflation in the coming months.
 
2. Supply side issues in agriculture have still not been sorted out. 
 
3. Inflation expectations still remain elevated. 
 
4. Interest rate cuts in India will reduce the interest rate differential with the US, which is expected to raise rates next year, which might lead to capital outflows.
 
5. Although crude oil prices have crashed from a peak of $115 to $70.15, approximately down 40%, rupee has depreciated from a low of 58.3350 to 62.0325, depreciating by some 6%, negating some good effect of crashing of crude oil price as far as Indian crude oil imports are concerned. There is strong likelihood that the dollar will appreciate more in the coming months in light of interest rate hike to be implemented by the Fed probably in the second half of CY15

Copper fall 0.7% on weak overseas cuesCopper fall 0.7% on weak overseas cues
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 02, 2014 11:05 AM IST
Copper prices fell 0.67% to Rs 400.85 per kg in futures trade today as participants reduced positions amid a weak global trend.
Copper for delivery in February 2015 was down by Rs 2.70, or 0.67%, to Rs 400.85 per kg at the Multi Commodity Exchange in a business volume of 1,368 lots.
Similarly, the metal for delivery in April next year shed Rs 2.70, or 0.66%, to Rs 404.75 per kg in a business volume of 31 lots.
Marketmen attributed the fall in copper futures to weak global cues as crude oil retreated and after a gauge of manufacturing strength fell to an eight-month low in China, the largest consumer of metals.
Meanwhile, copper for delivery in three months at the London Metal Exchange fell 0.7% to $6,401.75 a metric tonne.

RBI holds rates  hints at 2015 rate cutAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Indian banks  transfer policy© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/8b16c362-db4a-11e3-94ad-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex wintesses see-saw trade after RBI policy reviewMARKET UPDATE: Sensex slips 115 points post RBI policy review
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 16:36 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Markets fell for the second day with the benchmark Sensex declining over 115 points on Tuesday on selling in auto stocks after RBI kept interest rates unchanged for the fifth time in a row and IT shares dipped on strength in rupee.
In highly volatile trade, the 30-share BSE index fell to touch the day's low of 28,386.46 following announcement of credit policy. However, the index recovered briefly to hit 28,576.39 on RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan's hint of lowering rates early next year .
Participants later resorted to selling at every rise and the Sensex ended the day at 28,444.01, down 115.61 points, or 0.40 per cent.
On Monday, it had slipped 134.37 points. On similar lines, the NSE 50-share Nifty, after swinging to and fro, settled with a loss of 31.20 points, or 0.36 per cent, at 8,524.70. Intra-day, it traded in a narrow range between 8,504.65 and 8,560.20.
By not cutting rates, RBI has remained consistent in its policy objective of decisively bringing down inflation -and long term inflationary expectations.
Lower post policy bond yields show the market feels more confident that eventually rates will be much lower, said Arvind Sethi, MD & CEO, TATA Asset Management. Rupee, which had breached 62-mark against dollar in previous sessions, today strengthened to 61.87 levels.
This put pressure on shares of IT companies, including TCS and Infosys , which earn most of their sales in the US currency. Oil scrips also were on the sellers' list after excise duty on petrol was hiked by Rs 2.25 per litre and by Re 1 a litre on diesel but retail pump rates won't rise as oil firms have decided to absorb the duty change for the time being.
Over half of the 30 Sensex constituents ended with losses led by GAIL (down 2.85 per cent), M&M (2.47 per cent), HDFC (1.51 per cent) and Hero MotoCorp (1.48 per cent).
Sectorwise, BSE IT index suffered the most by losing 1.48 per cent, followed by Auto 1.05 per cent and Oil & Gas 0.66 per cent, among others. Global cues, however, were conducive as Asian bourses ended higher and Europe was better in its opening trades. Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth net Rs 12.36 crore on Monday, as per provisional data.

No repo rate cut  RBI Guv Raghuram Rajan remains inflation fighter; all eyes turn to FebBy: Reuters | Mumbai |
Posted: December 2, 2014 12:09 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 12:20 pm
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan today kept interest rate unchanged, saying that a shift in stance is ‘premature’ but hinted that a cut may come early next year if inflation continues to ease and government acts on the fiscal side.
“A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature. However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle,” he said.
Accordingly, the repo rate continues to be at 8 per cent while the cash reserve ratio has also been retained at 4 per cent.
On the inflation trajectory, Rajan said he expects it to ease further and average at the 6 per cent.
“Over the next 12-month period, inflation is expected to retain some momentum and hover around 6 per cent, except for seasonal movements, as the disinflation momentum works through,” he said in the bi-monthly review of the monetary policy.
Driven largely by a base-effect, the consumer price inflation for October had come in at 5.52 per cent, the fifth consecutive month that it had fallen down.
Under its glide path, the RBI is targeting to get the CPI inflation at 8 per cent as of January 2015 and take it down to 6 per cent by January 2016. While the 2015 target is achievable, Rajan had in the last policy sounded concerned about the “upside risks” to the 2016 target.
Central forecast for retail inflation is revised downward to 6 per cent from 8 per cent for March 2015.
Calls for a rate cut had been growing in the run up to the policy announcement, with Finance Minister Arun Jaitley also pitching for lower the cost of capital to boost growth.
The stock market recovered briefly after the policy announcement but was again trading lower than yesterday’s close.
Data released last Friday pointed to a dip in growth in the second quarter at 5.3 per cent, leading to the calls for a rate cut getting stronger.
However, the surprising rebound displayed with a 6.3 per cent growth in the core sector yesterday, indicating an uptick in factory output, kept everybody guessing about the stance which Rajan adopts.
Additionally, the auto companies also reported an over 10 per cent growth in sales for November, after a dip in the preceding month, indicating a revival in the manufacturing sector. Among the eight core sectors, coal and power have done exceedingly well during the month.
The lobby calling for a rate cut had also been pointing to a continuous decline in global crude prices, which have come to a five-year low of around USD 68 a barrel, which has the potential to reduce inflation in an oil-importing nation like India.
However, some experts also warn of the uncertainty over the continued…

Former Maharashtra Chief Minister A R Antulay dies at 85 in MumbaiWritten by Tabassum Barnagarwala | Mumbai |
Posted: December 2, 2014 12:01 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 1:09 pm
Maharashtra’s former chief minister and Congressman Abdul Rehman Antulay breathed his last in city’s Breach Candy Hospital early Tuesday morning.
Antulay who served in Maharashtra was also union minister for health and minorities affairs in UPA government lead by Manmohan Singh in the first term. His tenure as chief minister was cut short due to controversy popularly known as cement scandal that forced him to resign. The matter was contested in apex court and he was pronounced not guilty a decade later.
The veteran politician was 85 years old.
According to his son-in-law, Antulay was admitted with several medical complications a month ago.
Last month, after the death of veteran politician Murli Deora, senior Congress leader, Ahmed Patel, had visited Antulay to check his health in Mumbai.
A source from the Congress party had confirmed that the veteran politician was in a critical condition in the hospital’s intensive care unit.
According to hospital sources, Antulay’s kidney and liver were not functioning properly.

Rajan keeps key rates unchanged | Why he didn t cut | LiveYou are here: Home > Collections
RBI keeps key rates unchanged; says premature to change monetary policy stance
ET Bureau Dec 2, 2014, 11.06AM IST
Tags:
gdp
(RBI Governor Raghurma Rajan…)
MUMBAI: Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan left interest rates unchanged for the fifth time in a row, awaiting firm signals that consumer price inflation will slide convincingly and remain low for a long time.
But he gave a strong indication that rate cuts could come early in 2015.
"A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature," Rajan said in the statement accompanying the announcement. "However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle."
He also signposted two critical decisions that will be announced soon-- one is on the 5-25 funding structure for infrastructure projects that was announced in the budget, the other is on banks taking equity during debt restructuring. The price at which this can be done is being discussed with the Securities and Exchange Board of India, he said.
The governor's decision is on expected lines as nearly every economist said there wouldn't be a change in interest rates, barring a few hopefuls after the decision of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries decision to keep supplies stable pushed down crude oil prices to four-year lows.
"We are certainly seeing a disinflationary process," Rajan said at a press conference after the policy was unveiled. "We want to get more certainty on the disinflationary process."
The governor reiterated his oft-stated position that it was important to win the battle on prices rather than ease monetary policy to early only to have them popping up again.
"We want to make sure that this is for real, we don't want to flip-flop," he said. "We'd rather change for good."
In answer to another question, he said, "We're not trying to manage long-interest rates."
Rajan said those clamouring for interest rate cuts were being short-sighted. The central bank was not looking at quarter-to-quarter numbers. "We're talking about tears of sustainable growth... that is a message that has to seep through."
Still, the RBI forecast of consumer inflation has been revised down to 6% in March 2015. The growth projection for 2014-15 has however been retained at 5.5%. Revising his earlier hawkish tone in the previous policy statement when he expressed concerns about upside risks to inflation, the statement said, "The risks to the January 2016 target of 6% appear evenly balanced under the current policy stance."
The RBI has reservations about the evolution of the base effect in inflation, how long ongoing disinflationary impulses last, the pace of change of the public's inflationary expectations, as well as the success of the government's efforts to hit deficit targets.
The repo rate, at which RBI lends to banks, remained at 8%, and so did all the other rates. The cash reserve requirement, the proportion of deposits that banks have to keep with the central bank, remains at 4%.
"RBI would like inflation to be sustainable at lower level before lowering rates," said Naresh Takker, MD and CEO of rating company ICRA. "Also, one should bear in mind that the inflation number may go up next month due to lower agriculture productions and also the benefit of the base effect would reverse soon," he added.
Governor Rajan has been under pressure from various quarters for a reduction since prices are sliding fast amid uncertain growth indicators. But economists have been of the view that the fall could be temporary, given the base effect and that there are chances of a sharp jump in the CPI reading early next year.
  Inflation as measured by the CPI that came into force in 2012, fell to a record of 5.5% in October. That is lower than the RBI's target of 6% by March 2016. The central bank aims to target inflation permanently at 4%, in a band of 2% on either side, as recommended by the Urjit Patel Committee.
To be sure, household inflation expectations are still high at more than 15%. Information on the enhancement of supplies of protein-rich products, an item that pushed up CPI, is flaky. Positive real interest rates need to be sustained for a longer term if an economic revival is to be supported by domestic savings.
While the policy rates have been high, market rates have been easing with the yield on the benchmark government bonds falling more than 100 basis points from its peak expecting a rate cut.
Furthermore, the demand for loans has fallen to three-year lows to 11%, even though deposits have gained momentum, thanks to positive real interest rates for the first time in more than four years.
But given the Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government measures such as releasing more food stocks into the market and low increase in minimum support prices, inflation is expected to be lower than it was under the previous government.
The industrial climate is also looking to be turning for the better with second-quarter gross domestic product growing at 5.3%, above the forecast of 5.1%, though slower than the 5.7% rate in April-June. HSBC's PMI in November rose to its highest since February 2013 at 53.3.
FEATURED ARTICLES

International consumers may soon be able to track farm origin of Indian mangoesInternational consumers may soon be able to track farm origin of Indian mangoes
Jayashree Bhosale, ET Bureau Dec 2, 2014, 11.43AM IST
Tags:
EU
(The EU had imposed a temporary…)
PUNE: India plans to introduce a system to allow international consumers of Indian mangoes to trace back the fruit to its farm of origin through the internet as part of its efforts to persuade the European Union to lift ban on Indian mangoes.
Government agencies are working to put in place 'Mangonet' — an online traceability system that will register mango growers and exporters and enable importers and supermarkets in the European Union (EU) to check complete details of their shipments — on the lines of the successful 'Grapenet'.
"The success of Grapenet has encouraged us to replicate the system in mangoes," said Sudhanshu, deputy general manager of Agricultural and Processed Food Products Export Development Authority.
The EU had imposed a temporary ban on Alphonso mangoes and four vegetables from India from May 1, stating that it had found fruit fly infestation in the fruit.
This impacted exports to the United Kingdom (UK), the second largest export market for Indian mangoes after the UAE. Following the ban, Maharashtra, the largest exporter of mangoes in the country, started using HortiSAP, an IT-based pest surveillance system extensively for mangoes.
An EU audit committee visited export facilities in India two months ago, following which, the government agencies and exporters are hopeful that the ban would be lifted next year.
"The EU audit committee has seen the sea change in our set up," said Sudhanshu. Maharashtra's horticulture department has recruited about 70 to 80 agricultural graduates to monitor mango orchards in eight mango-exporting districts in the state for early detection of any pest/disease incidence. They get online advisories from the National Centre for Integrated Pest Management in New Delhi.
Field staff use iPads and Skype to communicate regularly with the officials at the state headquarters about the state of crop, pest, diseases and registration of farmers.
Govind Hande, chief inspecting authority for phytosanitary certification in Maharashtra, said, "We have provided a list of pesticides with label claim to the mango growers. They will get 'fit for export' certificate only if their samples pass all the tests. If the samples have a problem, the exporters will get alert notice." Mango exporters are hopeful that the online system will help boost their business.
"The Grapenet system gave very good results. As Mangonet will be on similar lines, it will be good for mango exports," said Kaushal Khakar, CEO at Mumbaibased KB Exports.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rupee gains versus $; makes day s high of 61.90You are here: Home > Collections
Rupee up against US $; below 62 levels
PTI Dec 2, 2014, 05.12PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The rupee had gained just…)
MUMBAI: The rupee strengthened against the US dollar , making day's high of 61.87 vesus the greenback increased selling of the American currency by exporters ahead of RBI's policy review.
Dealers said increased selling of the dollar by exporters supported the rupee but a lower opening in the domestic equity market and the Greenback's rise against some overseas currencies, capped the gains.
The rupee had gained just one paisa to close at 62.02 against the dollar in yesterday's trade on late selling of the US currency by exporters and some banks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NBCC secures contract worth Rs 1850crDec 02, 2014, 11.59 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
NBCC secures contract worth Rs 1850cr
National Buildings Construction Corporation Ltd has informed BSE that NBCC has secured PMC work for construction /improvement/maintenance of roads at Miao-Vijaynagar (Arunachal Pradesh) costing Rs. 1850 crs.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
NBCC secures contract worth Rs 1850cr
National Buildings Construction Corporation Ltd has informed BSE that NBCC has secured PMC work for construction /improvement/maintenance of roads at Miao-Vijaynagar (Arunachal Pradesh) costing Rs. 1850 crs.
Post your opinion here
 
National Buildings Construction Corporation Ltd has informed BSE that NBCC has secured PMC work for construction /improvement/maintenance of roads at Miao-Vijaynagar (Arunachal Pradesh) costing Rs. 1850 crs.Source : BSE

Oil Futures Slip  Market Struggles to Sustain Oil Futures Slip  Market Struggles to Sustain 
Infosys slips on turning ex-bonusInfosys slips on turning ex-bonus
SPARC skyrockets 12.4% after USFDA approvalSPARC skyrockets 12.4% after USFDA approval
Australia s  Child Bride : 9-year-old Girl from Sydney Sent off to Middle East fAustralia s  Child Bride : 9-year-old Girl from Sydney Sent off to Middle East f
India s investment in nepal a possible gamechangerIndia s investment in nepal a possible gamechanger
Polling picks up in Jammu and Kashmir constituencyPolling picks up in Jammu and Kashmir constituency
RBI may keep key rates unchanged in its monetary review todayRBI may keep key rates unchanged in its monetary review today
Plunge in oil prices good for global economy: IMFPlunge in oil prices good for global economy: IMF
Vijay Mallya quits MCF boardVijay Mallya quits MCF board
RBI policy: Experts analyse bi-monthly monetary policyDec 02, 2014, 04.23 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
RBI policy: Growth to revive soon on lower rates, says M&M
Combating immense pressure on both bankers and corporates’ front, the Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan maintained status quo in today’s bi-monthly policy.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
RBI policy: Growth to revive soon on lower rates, says M&M
Combating immense pressure on both bankers and corporates’ front, the Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan maintained status quo in today’s bi-monthly policy.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
12:20pm: VS Parthasarathy, CFO,  M&M says that while the Q2 GDP was reasonable there is a dire need for momentum to go forward.
“While there HSBC PMI index is positive, there isn’t any decent demand pull. So, sooner the rate cut comes in, better the situation of the industry.”
12:17pm: P Pradeep Kumar, MD- Corporate Banking,  State Bank of India feels there is nothing in this policy that will enable them to drop rates immediately.
The effect of this will take sometime, he says adding, "We had anticipated this and because of the lower inflation, we had already revised our pricing for deposits in the one to three-year tenure as also the shorter tenure.Banking system will not be able to cut rates in a couple of months. Some banks have already reduced deposit rates. Those banks which have reduced deposit rates approximately a month back may be willing to look at a rate cut after a couple of months but most of the banks in the system have not reduced the deposit rates. So they may find it extremely difficult to cut lending rates.”
12:15 pm: Jayesh Mehta of Bank of America says he is expecting the central bank to cut rates to the tune of  75-100 basis points (bps) in CY2015.
12:14pm: Sonal Verma of Nomura expects Raghuram Rajan to cut interest rates to a maximum of 50 basis points (bps) in 2015.
"RBI also reiterated that government has more or less accepted the 4, plus minus 2 percent target is important in terms of anchoring the space that will be available for rate cut. So, 50 basis point is quite reasonable in this inflation targeting framework," she says.
12:12pm: Nirmal Jain of IIFL says he expects the earliest rate cut in February 2015.
“The central bank is comfortable with the bond yields and commodity prices, They want to be very sure that when they start the rate cut cycle inflation doesn’t move up and they don’t have to reverse it later.”
12:10pm: C Rangarajan says the central bank should bring down its inflation target for January to 5 percent and adds that the real rate interest at 2 percent is at appropriate levels.
12:05: Sonal Verma of Nomura says though the Guv has hinted at intra-policy rate changes, the most likely time of a rate cut is now in April 2015.
11:55: On the scrapping of the 80:20 gold scheme, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan says the decision was a reasonable one.
“While there is a natural demand for gold due to weddings, jewellery, etc, hopefully, the performance of financial assets will convince investors to park funds in other investment opportunities,” says Rajan
11:47: RBI Guv Rajan says the country’s economy will be out of the woods only when investments into the country sees a significant pick up.
“The railways provides a massive investment potential. There is huge interest in defence production too. So we need to see stronger demand to overcome the excess capacity that exists currently,” he explains.
11:35: On the announcement that the central bank could change rates even outside the policy cycle, Rajan said he is ready to keep the risk on when the RBI will take a call on the same.
“Once we have enough information, we will make a move. If the information comes in between policy cycles, we’ll act on it. We just want to say that we are alert on the data points,” adds Rajan.
11:20: In its statement, the RBI has said, “Still weak demand and the rapid pace of recent disinflation are factors supporting monetary accommodation. However, the weak transmission by banks of the recent fall in money market rates into lending rates suggests monetary policy shifts will primarily have signaling effects for a while. Nevertheless, these signaling effects are likely to be large because the Reserve Bank has repeatedly indicated that once the monetary policy stance shifts, subsequent policy actions will be consistent with the changed stance. There is still some uncertainty about the evolution of base effects in inflation, the strength of the on-going disinflationary impulses, the pace of change of the public’s inflationary expectations, as well as the success of the government’s efforts to hit deficit targets."
11:16: RBI Governor Rajan says the change in monetary policy stance now would be premature and it is likely in early-2015 if inflation eases.
"A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature. However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle," reads the RBI statement.
11:13: Jayesh Mehta, Managing Director & Country Treasurer, Bank of America says no one expected a rate cut in this monetary policy so, this doesn’t come as any surprise. The next hurdle, he adds, is the November inflation.
“Market was balanced as nobody expected a rate cut. With a dovish tone, policy is completely as per expected lines,” he adds.
11:10am: P Pradeep Kumar, MD- Corporate Banking, State Bank of Indiafeels there is nothing in this policy that will enable teh bank to drop rates immediately. The effect of this will take sometime, he says adding, “We had anticipated this and because of the lower inflation, we had already revised our pricing for deposits in the one to three-year tenure as also the shorter tenure.”
11:07: Sajjid Chinoy of JP Morgan says this monetary policy is pragmatic and data-contingent.
“We expected the RBI to wait for Budget. So the rate cut may come in March, it may not necessarily wait for April,” he says.
11:05 am: The central bank has said that the risk to its January 2016 target of 6 percent is now evenly balanced and the country’s GDP is seen at 5.5 percent in 2015-16.
11:00am: Combating immense pressure on both bankers and corporates’ front, the Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan maintained status quo in today’s bi-monthly policy.
The repo rate, or the rate at which RBI extends short-term loans to banks, stands unchanged at eight percent while the reverse repo rate is seven percent. The cash reserve ratio (CRR) for banks has been fixed at four per cent.
10:55am: Samiran Chakraborty of Standard Chartered Bank says the RBI is likely to be in wait-and-watch mode before taking any call on the policy rates.
10:50 am: Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan will be announcing the bi-monthly policy in just a few minutes.
Most bankers and economists polled by CNBC-TV18 expect Rajan to keep policy rates unchanged yet again today. Only 5 percent expect a 25 bps rate cut this time. With consumer price inflation falling to 5.5 percent in October and crude falling to a four-year low, most respondents agreed the RBI could start cutting rates earlier than previously expected.
RELATED NEWS

BSE Sensex down after RBI keeps policy rateunchangedHindalco Industries shares plunge on special court's orders
After falling over 173 points in the early trade, the BSE Sensex today moved briefly into the positive terrain even as the RBI kept the key interest rate unchanged, but was again trading lower at noon.
The Sensex, which shed 173.16 points in early trade, bounced back to trade 16.77 points, or 0.05 per cent, higher at 28,576.39 at 1130 hours after the Reserve Bank announced its fifth bi-monthly policy review.
The gains in capital goods, metal, power, healthcare and banking stocks, had helped the key indices to trade in positive zone for a while.
However, the Sensex was trading in the red again at 28,411.62, 148 points or 0.52 per cent at noon.
Similarly, the wide-based National Stock Exchange index Nifty was trading at 8,518.20, down 0.44 per cent.
Brokers said the RBI decision to keep key interest rate unchanged was largely in line with investor expectations but its hint about lowering it early next year had improved the sentiment to some extent.
RBI left the short-term lending rate or repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent, and the cash reserve ratio static at 4 per cent. The statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) has also been retained at 22 per cent.
RBI also retained the growth projection for the current fiscal at 5.5 per cent.
 
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty Reserve Bank Of India
More from indianmarkets
Stocks tumble, Rupee at 13-month low as crude crashes BSE Sensex today recorded its worst single day fall of 538.12 points in 16 months to end day's trade below 27,000...

The TECHie Bulletin: Episode 1The TECHie Bulletin: Episode 1
Produced by Andrew ClaranceUpdated: November 18, 2014 2:01 pm
Most Popular Videos

First bio-waste powered bus hits the roads in UKroad transport
The United Kingdom’s first bus powered entirely by human and food waste has gone into service between Bristol and Bath.
Engineers believe the bus could provide a sustainable way of fuelling public transport — cutting emissions in polluted towns and cities.
The 40-seater Bio-Bus, which runs on gas generated through the treatment of sewage and food waste that’s unfit for human consumption, helps to improve urban air quality as it produces fewer emissions than traditional diesel engines.
Running on waste products that are both renewable and sustainable, the bus can travel up to 300km on a full tank of gas generated at Bristol sewage treatment works — a plant run by the company GENeco.
GENeco claim to be the first company in the UK to start injecting gas generated from food waste and sewage into the national gas grid network and at the same time installing a gas refuelling plant for the bus.
“Through treating sewage and food that is unfit for human consumption we’re able to produce enough biomethane to provide a significant supply of gas to the national gas network that’s capable of powering almost 8,500 homes as well as fuelling the Bio—Bus,” GENeco general manager Mohammed Saddiq said.
“Gas powered vehicles have an important role to play in improving air quality in UK cities, but the Bio-Bus goes further than that and is actually powered by people living in the local area, including quite possibly those on the bus itself.
“Using biomethane in this way not only provides a sustainable fuel, but also reduces our reliance on traditional fossil fuels,” said Mr. Saddiq.
The Bio-Bus can travel up to 300km on a full tank of gas, which takes the annual waste of around five people to produce.
The first passengers to get on board the Bio-Bus were visitors to the UK who were commuting from Bristol Airport to the city of Bath.
Bath Bus Company, which is operating the service, said the bus was greener for the environment.

Sensex  Nifty snap gains ahead of RBI policy reviewMarket update: Sensex, Nifty snap four-day gains ahead of RBI policy review
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 1, 2014  | 17:46 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The stock market snapped four-session rising streak on Monday with the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex tumbling 134.37 points to 28,559.62 and the National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty falling 32.35 points to 8,555.90 on caution ahead of Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) monetary policy review and weak global cues.
Oil and gas stocks were the biggest laggards after global crude prices hit a five-year low. Power, metal and capital goods shares also witnessed sharp selling.
Consumer durable stocks spurted on good buying. Auto shares saw some activity after release of monthly sales.
Participants preferred to sit on the sidelines and booked some profit ahead of RBI's monetary policy review scheduled for Tuesday , said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
The 30-share benchmark BSE Sensex, after rising to an intra-day high of 28,809.64 on the back of initial buying, declined to 28,538.44 on profit-booking. The gauge ended at 28,559.62, logging a fall of 0.47 per cent.
In the previous three sessions, Sensex had rallied over 355 points. On Friday, it had zoomed to intra-day record high of 28,822.37 and ended at record peak of 28,693.99.
Among the 30 Sensex scrips, stocks like ONGC, Hindalco, BHEL, RIL, Tata Power, Tata Steel, M&M and Sesa Sterlite ended lower.
On similar lines, the broader 50-issue NSE Nifty opened at 8,605.10 and hit a fresh high of 8,623.00 before closing 32.35 points (or 0.38 per cent) lower at 8,555.90.
After gross domestic product (GDP) grew at 5.3 per cent in the September-quarter, an HSBC survey showed manufacturing sector output accelerated in November at the quickest pace in 2 years.
In broader markets, shares of airlines surged after prices of jet fuel (ATF) were cut by 4.1 per cent.
Jewellery stocks , including Gitanjali Gems and Titan Company, shined after the central bank scrapped the 80:20 rule and restrictions on gold imports.
Globally, a mixed closing at Asian markets and a lower opening in European markets also influenced domestic trading sentiment.
Sectorally , BSE Oil & Gas index suffered the most by falling 2.57 per cent, followed by Power (2.2 percent), Metal (2.14 per cent), Capital Goods (1.37 percent) and Realty (0.62 percent).
However, Consumer Durables index rose 3.31 per cent, IT index by 0.84 per cent and Auto index by 0.33 per cent.
Meanwhile, the provisional data released by the bourses showed that Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 935.86 crore on Friday.

How Amazon is taking help of robots to speed up delivery processDec 01, 2014 at 05:20pm IST
How Amazon is taking help of robots to speed up delivery process
13
2
Tracy: Amazon.com has installed more than 15,000 robots across 10 US warehouses, a move that promises to cut operating costs by one-fifth and get packages out the door more quickly in the run-up to Christmas.
The orange 320-pound (145 kg) robots, which scoot around the floor on wheels, show how Amazon has adopted technology developed by Kiva Systems, a robotics company it bought for $775 million in 2012. Amazon showcased to media on Sunday ahead of Cyber Monday, the biggest online shopping day of the year.
The robots are designed to help the leading US online retailer speed the time it takes to deliver items to customers and better compete with brick-and-mortar stores, where the bulk of Americans still do their shopping.
Amazon.com has installed more than 15,000 robots across 10 US warehouses, a move that promises to cut operating costs by one-fifth.
#amazon #online shopping #robots
The robots also may help Amazon avoid the mishaps of last year's holiday season, when a surge of packages overwhelmed shipping and logistics company UPS and delayed the arrival of Christmas presents around the globe. Amazon offered shipping refunds and $20 gift cards to compensate customers.
Amazon deployed the robots this summer, ahead of the key holiday quarter, when the company typically books about one-third of its annual revenue. The updated warehouses are in five states - California, Texas, Florida, New Jersey and Washington.
The move comes at a cost. Amazon estimated in June 2013 that it would spend about $46 million to install Kiva robots at its warehouse in Ruskin, Florida, including $26.1 million for the equipment, according to company filings to local government.
The Kiva robots have allowed Amazon to hold about 50 percent more items and shorten the time it takes to offer same-day delivery in several areas, said Dave Clark, senior vice president of worldwide operations and customer services.
At Amazon's warehouse in Tracy, California, workers stack goods in shelves carried by more than 1,500 Kiva robots, which use markings on the floor to navigate and form a "big block of inventory," Clark said.
Squeezing the racks of items closely together eliminates the need for workers to navigate aisles to collect items ordered by consumers. Now, a worker calls for specific items and the robot steers itself to their particular work station. Each robot can carry as much as 720 pounds.
In some cases, the robots have allowed Amazon to get packages out the door in as little as 13 minutes from the pick stations, compared to about an hour and a half on average in older centres.
"It's certainly proving out that it's justified itself," Clark said of the Kiva acquisition. "We're happy with the economics of it."
3

Putin in Turkey amid Syria differencesBy: Associated Press | Ankara |
Posted: December 1, 2014 7:42 pm
Russia’s President Vladimir Putin and his Turkish host, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, were expected to gloss over their striking differences over the crises in Syria and Ukraine during talks on Monday, focusing instead on their countries’ booming economic and trade ties.
Putin arrived in Turkey accompanied by a large delegation, including 10 ministers, for discussions officials say will concentrate on trade, including a Turkish demand for a price reduction on natural gas purchases from Russia.
The two countries, who are major trading partners, have set an aim of increasing their two-way trade volume from the current USD 33 billion to USD 100 billion by 2020. Russia provides the bulk of Turkey’s gas and is set to build Turkey’s first nuclear power plant.
Turkish construction firms are active in Russia while millions of Russian tourists travel to Turkey each year. The Russian and Turkish leaders, often compared to each other for their drift toward authoritarianism, have opposing positions on Syria’s crisis.
Russia remains Syrian leader Bashar Assad’s closest ally while Turkey supports Syria’s opposition forces and Erdogan makes no secret of his desire to see Assad deposed. Turkey has expressed concerns over Russia’s annexation of Crimea. Turks have ethnic ties to the Crimean Tatars in the region and Turkey has pledged to defend their rights.
Putin will be welcomed at Erdogan’s new mega-palace that has drawn the ire of Turkish opposition parties, environmentalists and activists who say the 1,000-room complex is too costly and extravagant and went ahead despite a court ruling. Putin is the second foreign dignitary to receive an official welcome at the palace, after Pope Francis who visited on Friday.

PMO refuses to share Netaji filesNEW DELHI, December 1, 2014
Updated: December 1, 2014 19:33 IST
PMO refuses to share Netaji files
Devesh K. Pandey
Right to Information
NDA toes the UPA line
Toeing the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) line, the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government has refused to make the files on Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose public, saying the revelations would “prejudicially affect” relations with foreign countries.
The Prime Minister’s Office has shared only a list of 41 such files.
In the run-up to the general elections, the then BJP president and present Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh in January asked the UPA government to reveal the mystery behind Netaji’s death. “The entire country is impatient to know how Netaji died and under what circumstances,” he said at a book release function.
Request declined
However, in its response to an RTI application by activist Subhash Chandra Agrawal filed about 14 months ago, the PMO has declined to share copies of the files.
The PMO has shared a list of files created from 1953 to 2000, the last two “Top Secret” files being on Justice Mukherjee Commission of Inquiry report. The other two top secret papers are on correspondences with and about Netaji’s widow and daughter (last amended in 1971) and the transfer of his ashes to India (created in 1998).
In all, 21 files pertain to Netaji’s disappearance or circumstances of his death and the appointment of inquiry committees. Ten others are marked “Unclassified” but, the government has refused to reveal contents of even those files.
The list includes two files on the Indian National Army’s treasure, created in 1956-57 and 1988.
Among the files marked “Secret” is a 1991 document titled “Bharat Ratna Award – Maulana Abul Kalam Azad, Subhas Chandra Bose, JRD Tata, Morarji Desai.”
The government has also kept secret information on acquisition of Jankinath Bhavan at Cuttack, the birth place of Netaji, by the Orissa government, and two references from Professor Samar Guha, MP, in 1990-91 on his disappearance.
The classified files include a 2006 file on Netaji’s mortal remains kept in Rankoji temple in Japan on behalf of the Indian government.
“The Central Public Information Officer did not specify the name of the country with which relations would be prejudicially affected,” said Mr. Agrawal, adding that in case it is the United Kingdom, then a much larger public interest is involved in making the revelations.
“Here in this case, public interest definitely overweighs the harm protected, where even several commissions/committees have been formed by the Union government to probe the mystery,” said Mr. Agrawal in his letter to the PMO’s Appellate Authority under the RTI Act seeking the disclosure of all Netaji files.
The BJP-led government had earlier declined to make public the Henderson Brooks-Bhagat report on the 1962 war with China.

Auto sales pick up steam  see 10% growthAuto sales pick up steam, see 10% growth
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 02, 2014 12:58 AM IST
Following a muted festive season, demand in India's automobile sector has picked up pace, with eight of the country's leading manufacturers on Monday reporting combined passenger vehicle sales of 198,427 in November, a 10 per cent annual rise.
Sales of passenger vehicles had dropped 7.52 per cent to 221,151 units in October, the first fall since April this year, when sales had declined 9.5 per cent to 188,541 units.
The rise in sales in November was led by Maruti Suzuki, whose sales increased 17 per cent to 100,024 units in the domestic market, primarily owing to launches of the Celerio and Ciaz models. Though the company's sales in the mini car segment (Alto, WagonR) declined 0.8 per cent to 37,746 units, strong demand for mid-sized cars boosted overall sales. Maruti sold 37,339 compact cars (Swift, Celerio, Dzire and Ritz) in November, growth of 13.8 per cent compared with the 32,804 units sold in the corresponding month last year. The newly launched Ciaz recorded good demand, with 5,232 units of the model being sold.
For Hyundai, too, a revamped product portfolio boosted sales. The Korean automobile major sold 35,511 units in the domestic market, six per cent more than the 33,501 units sold in the year-ago period.
Rakesh Srivastava, senior vice-president (sales and marketing), Hyundai Motor India Ltd, said, "The strong investment of launching four new products in a year's time has resulted in this growth. Today, Hyundai has one of the youngest product portfolios, led by the Elite i20, which has reached a landmark number of 10,500 units, making it a top seller among the strong Hyundai brands."
Honda Cars India maintained its upward surge, driven by the success of the new City. The company started a second shift at its facility in Tapukara, Rajasthan, which helped it meet the rise in the demand for its flagship sedan. In November, as much as 48 per cent of Honda's sales were accounted for the City, at 7,252 units. A combined 6,899 units of the Amaze and Mobilio models were sold during the month.
Jnaneswar Sen, senior vice-president (marketing & sales), Honda Cars India, said, "We continue to witness strong demand for all our products, across markets. We are aggressively expanding our dealer network to reach out to more customers and recently, reached the milestone of 200 dealers in the country."
Tata Motors saw its sales soar 16 per cent to 12,021 units, driven by demand for the Nano and Zest models. Consequently, the company's sales in the passenger car segment rose 30 per cent to 10,286 units. Demand for utility vehicles such as the Sumo, Aria and Safari, however, took a hit, falling 30 per cent in November.
Meanwhile, General Motors, Mahindra & Mahindra (M&M) and Ford saw a decline in sales. With no new launches, M&M continued to see sluggish demand in November, with its sales falling 18 per cent to 13,765 units. Pravin Shah, chief executive (automotive division and international operations), M&M, said, "The automobile industry continues to its sluggish demand on the back of factors such as low consumer sentiment and high interest rates. Falling international crude oil prices and the subsequent cut in fuel prices should help revive demand in the coming months."
General Motors saw sales slide a whopping 36 per cent to 4,007 units. "Though the lower fuel prices are encouraging, interest rates remain sticky and inflation continues to be high. The outlook remains grim and it is very unlikely that passenger cars will post positive growth this financial year, under the current economic conditions," said P Balendran, vice-president, General Motors India.
"Discounts are at their peak and sales of diesel vehicles are tapering, as the price differential between the two fuels is dropping sharply. Going by the market scenario, we expect the challenging times to continue till some major announcements take place in the Budget to improve customer sentiment," he added.
Anurag Mehrotra, executive-director (marketing, sales and service), Ford India, agreed. "The perceived improvement in consumer sentiment is yet to translate into better sales for the automotive industry. A lacklustre festive season was certainly not what the industry had expected. While we are confident of the long-term growth potential of the Indian market, we continue to be cautiously optimistic in the near term." In November, Ford India registered a 28.4 per cent decline in domestic sales at 5,661 units.
IN THE FAST LANE
Domestic sales of top car makers in Nov (No. of units) and change over Nov '13
MARUTI SUZUKI

FCA toughens rules for loan brokersFCA toughens rules for loan brokers
Sam Fleming, Emma Dunkley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b31a78ce-797c-11e4-9e81-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

FRC seeks significant improvementsFRC review finds two institutions need ‘significant’ improvement
Harriet Agnew
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ee11fe08-7976-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hedging to significantly cut large $155 bn o...Finance Ministry, Reserve Bank of India to plan ways for hedging crude imports
Rajeev Jayaswal, ET Bureau Dec 2, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Bharat Petroleum Corp
(The strategy would aim to…)
NEW DELHI: The finance ministry and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will work out a strategy for hedging crude oil imports to take advantage of the steep fall in global prices which can significantly reduce the country's oil bill from last year's level of $155 billion. As a first step, the RBI and the department of economic affairs will prepare a discussion paper, government sources said. The decision has been taken at a recent meeting in the Prime Minister's Office.
The strategy would aim to address concerns of state oil firms that if they lose money in hedging, they may face adverse audit comments and allegations of impropriety. "Oil PSUs can't take risk of hedging huge quantity of crude oil prices, which is completely unpredictable. Crude oil prices slumped to about $40 per barrel in December 2008 from about $140 in July that year only to surge again. Who will take accountability of if losses are huge due to hedging?" a former chairman of state refiner said requesting anonymity.
Government sources said, authorities understood the dilemma of state refiners. One proposal was to issue specific guidelines for hedging, and if a company follows these norms would not suffer if it takes a wrong bet while hedging. "But, for that a thorough understanding and analysis of oil market is required," one source said. Globally, energy firms resort to hedging to shield themselves from highly volatile international crude oil market.
Globally, many companies hedge their oil purchases by buying the commodity for a future date at a particular price.
Airlines frequently hedge their purchases of jet fuel, which accounts for up to 50 per cent of their costs. According to a Reuters report, many international airlines had bought future contracts when Brent slipped below $80 two weeks ago, but have suffered a notional loss because oil has dipped below $70.
Experts say that hedging for Indian oil imports may be a good idea as crude prices have dropped by 40 per cent since June this year.
Brent crude plunged to a five-year low below $68 on Monday from about $115 in June this year.
"In such a volatile market, when international oil prices are falling continuously, no one known the bottom and therefore, hedging is risky," chairman of a state-run oil company said requesting anonymity. India imports about 80 per cent of crude it processes and state refiners own more than 60 per cent of 215 million tonnes per annum refining capacity.
Earlier, the parliamentary committee on natural gas criticised state refiners for not hedging. It questioned Indian Oil Corp , Hindustan Petroleum Corp and Bharat Petroleum Corp for shying away from hedging volatility risks when they purchase over 20 per cent of requirements from spot market. State refiners do hedge for refining margins, which is difference between crude and product prices. Hedging crude prices in large quantity is not often prudent, said a former chairman of IOC .
FEATURED ARTICLES

What people did to help Rohtak sisters: Nothingprint
TV grab of an eve-teaser getting beaten up by two sisters in a bus in Rohtak, Haryana. (PTI Photo)
Have the majority of us become victims of what social scientists call the ‘Bystander Effect’? It certainly would seem so if the latest attack on women in Rohtak is anything to go by.
A passenger with a mobile phone captured the disturbing scene of two young women fighting off three goons who were harassing them while the entire bus on which they were travelling, the driver and conductor included, did nothing to help.
Though the accused in the Rohtak case have been arrested, this apathetic attitude in the face of gross violations of dignity is also part of the problem. It is true that the police need to do much more in both preventing such crimes and apprehending the culprits after the deed.
And it is no one’s case that the public takes the law into its own hands. But surely, the passengers on that bus could have raised a hue and cry, the driver could have stopped the vehicle, someone could have called the police. None of this happened.
Now the vice-chairperson of the state women’s commission has come up with the absurdly useless input that she will visit the scene of the crime. Why should she even say such a thing after the event? From the Jaipur road accident case where a man lay on the road the road crying for help inside a tunnel next to the bodies of his wife and infant daughter to the December 16, 2012, rape case, motorists and passersby did nothing at all to help victims. 
One may argue that people often don’t help victims, be it in a case of sexual harassment or road accident, as they fear either getting dragged into time-consuming legal hassles like police questioning and court appearances or becoming a victim themselves in a dispute that has ‘nothing to do with’ them. While there’s a very strong case that India needs a Good Samaritan law as in Western countries, one that protects people who help victims before the police arrive, we cannot remain mute spectators.
It is not enough to honour the bravehearts as we like to call them. Such people need support, not the silence and indifference of the public. The public must do its part and not leave vulnerable people to fend for themselves when they are attacked.

Asian resource shares helped by oil bounce; dollar cappedAsian resource shares helped by oil bounce; dollar capped
Reuters
Tweet
Tokyo, Dec 2:  
Asian equities were mixed on Tuesday, with a rebound in crude oil and other commodity prices favouring the stock markets of resource-exporting countries, while the likes of Tokyo’s Nikkei struggled.
Crude oil held on to its gains after rebounding sharply overnight from five-year lows. The bounce in commodities was also a good omen for commodity currencies such as the Canadian and Australian dollars, and also helped gold to bounce back.
Buoyed by a relief rally in resource firms, Australian shares rose 1.3 per cent. Similarly, Indonesian stocks gained 0.4 per cent and Singaporean shares rose 0.9 per cent.
“We’re one of only a few markets in positive territory today and it really reflects that high presence of resources stocks," said CMC Markets chief market strategist Michael McCarthy, referring to the rise in Australian shares.
Asia-Pacific shares
Reflecting mixed fortunes within the region, MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was up a modest 0.1 per cent.
The region’s decliners included Tokyo’s Nikkei which shed 0.1 per cent as the yen’s losing streak came to a halt, and South Korea’s Kospi, which lost 0.5 per cent on global growth concerns.
Japan’s debt rating
Japanese equities and government bonds mostly shrugged off a downgrade of Japan’s sovereign debt rating by Moody’s on Monday.
The rating agency downgraded Japan by one notch to A1 from Aa3, citing rising uncertainty over the country’s ability to hit its debt-reduction goal. The downgrade came just after Japanese premier Shinzo Abe opted to postpone an increase in sales tax intended to tackle Japan’s debt burden.
“It can be said that the sales tax delay had gained the support of the international community as it was meant to help the economy amid a slowdown, and the downgrade is unlikely to change such views,’’ said Masafumi Yamamoto, a market strategist at Praevidentia Strategy in Tokyo.
“As for Japanese government bonds (JGBs), which are more directly impacted by downgrades, any effect is likely to be temporary thanks to the Bank of Japan’s quantitative easing. Past downgrades have also had little impact on JGBs,’’ he said.
JGB 10-year futures were down 0.15 point at 146.75 but still within striking distance of a record high 146.96 hit on Monday.
Dollar vs yen
The dollar was steady at 118.450 yen. In turbulent trade immediately after Moody’s downgrade of Japan the greenback jumped to a seven-year high of 119.15 but its gains were pared as the rebound in oil prices lifted commodity currencies against the greenback.
The Canadian dollar rose to C$1.1327 per US dollar from a one-month low of C$1.1459 and the Aussie fetched $0.8483, pulling away from a 4-1/2 year low of $0.8417.
Crude oil, gold
US crude oil was down 0.7 percent at $68.50 a barrel, after posting a 4 percent rise overnight from a five-year low of $63.72 as bearish positions were squeezed.
Gold, beaten down after Switzerland on Sunday voted against a proposal to boost gold reserves, also held on to the bulk of its gains after rebounding sharply on spill-over support from the bounce in oil.
Spot gold was down 0.4 per cent at $1,205.00 an ounce after gaining 3.7 per cent the previous day.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Falling crude prices will bring down realizations of oil producers: Petroleum MinistryFalling crude prices will bring down realizations of oil producers: Petroleum Ministry
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Dec 02, 2014 09:00 AM IST
The Union Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas (MOPNG) on Tuesday said the reduction in crude oil prices will see the import bill fall by a similar percentage.
A ministry official told Business Standard, "Crude oil prices have reduced by around 10% over last month and the crude oil import bill is expected to reduce by a similar percentage. In a deregulated scenario, where increase/decrease in international prices are passed on to the consumers, profitability is not expected to increase much unless there is a rise in the cracks and resultant refining margins, which is not evident in the present scenario so far."
The official was speaking on the heels of Brent crude falling to 5-year low at $71/bbl on Monday. 
India's annual import bill is to the tune of $165 billion. It is the world's fourth-largest oil consumer and imports 3.8 million barrels of crude per day.
The official said that during the current quarter (till November 14), the average price of the Indian basket  has reduced to $82.62/bbl as against $104.34/bbl during H1 of FY15, a significant reduction of more than $ 20/bbl. 
''Further, the current Indian basket price is hovering around $75/bbl. Due to this sharp reduction in crude prices coupled with deregulation of high speed diesel (HSD), total under-recoveries of oil marketing companies (OMCs) during H2 FY15 are expected to be lower than that of H1 FY15,'' the official informed. 
Moreover, the official said price realisation of Indian oil producers from pre-New Exploration Licensing Policy (NELP) and NELP Joint Venture blocks (other than production from nominated fields of ONGC and OIL) are directly linked with the international prices. 
''Therefore, continuation of the declining trend in global prices would result in reduced realization in case of oil producers. This would also reduce the total profit from petroleum for joint Ventures (JVs), which would in turn reduce the share of both producers as well as of Union Government,'' he noted.

Policy review: No repo rate cut  RBI Guv Raghuram Rajan upholds status quoCBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case
Home and auto loans will not become cheaper as the Governor Raghuram Rajan-led Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kept the policy rate unchanged for the fifth time in a row today, but hinted at softening of stance “early next year” if inflation continues to abate and there is an improvement in fiscal health.
The decision to keep the short term lending (repo) rate unchanged at 8 per cent disappointed the industry which said RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan in his fifth bi-monthly policy statement could had been more accommodating to help prop up the sagging economy.
“A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature. However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle,” he said.
ANALYSTS’ COMMENTARY: ‘Change in stance by Raghuram Rajan’s RBI very heartening’
RBI POLICY REVIEW: HIGHLIGHTS
The repo rate continues to be at 8 per cent while the cash reserve ratio has also been retained at 4 per cent.
Following the policy announcement, most of the bankers said that there will be no change in lending and deposit rates for now.
United Bank of India Executive Director Deepak Narang said the margins of banks are already under pressure due to high level of non-performing assets (NPAs) or bad loans.
“So, I don’t see a cut in the interest rate at the moment,” he added.
Following the RBI stance, the BSE’s 30-share index Sensex closed at 28,444, down 115.61 points or 0.40 per cent.
On the inflation trajectory, Rajan said he expects it to ease further and average at the 6 per cent.
“Over the next 12-month period, inflation is expected to retain some momentum and hover around 6 per cent, except for seasonal movements, as the disinflation momentum works through,” he said in the bi-monthly review of the monetary policy.
Driven largely by a base-effect, the consumer price inflation for October had come in at 5.52 per cent, the fifth consecutive month that it declined.
Poor showing by agriculture and manufacturing sector pulled down the country’s economic growth rate to 5.3 per cent in the second quarter, as against 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter of the current financial year.
Under its glide path, the RBI is targeting to get the CPI inflation at 8 per cent as of January 2015 and take it down to 6 per cent by January 2016. While the 2015 target is achievable, Rajan had in the last policy sounded concerned about the “upside risks” to the 2016 target.
Central forecast for retail inflation is revised downward to 6 per cent from 8 per cent for March 2015.
Calls for a rate cut had been growing in the run up to the policy announcement, with Finance Minister Arun Jaitley also pitching for lowering the cost of capital to boost growth.
However, the surprising rebound displayed with a 6.3 per cent growth in the core sector yesterday – indicating an uptick in factory output – had kept everybody guessing about the stance which Rajan adopts.
Additionally, the auto companies also reported an over 10 per cent growth in sales for November, after a dip in the preceding month, indicating a revival in the manufacturing sector. Among the eight core sectors, coal and power have done exceedingly well during the month.
The lobby calling for a rate cut had also been pointing to a continuous decline in global crude prices, which have come to a 5-year low of around USD 68 a barrel, which has the potential to reduce inflation in an oil-importing nation like India.
However, some experts also warn of uncertainty continuing over oil pricing, saying that any geo-political tension will send the prices up again.
India’s RBI leaves rates on hold, says could ease early 2015
(Reuters) The Reserve Bank of India held interest rates steady as widely expected at a policy review on Tuesday, and said it could ease monetary policy early next year provided inflationary pressures do not reappear and the government controls the fiscal deficit.
Uneasy over India’s weak recovery from its slowest phase of growth since the 1980s, the six-month-old government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi had been seen as favouring an early reduction in rates.
The finance ministry said later in a statement it looked forward to the RBI’s support in “the revival of growth and employment” while adding it would work with the RBI on reducing inflationary expectations and reviving investment and growth.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has resisted calls for rate cuts and earlier reiterated his view that containing inflation was a prerequisite for the economy.
“What again and again we have seen in India, and outside India also, is that the way to sustainable growth is to have moderate inflation,” Rajan told a news conference.
Forty-one of 45 economists polled by Reuters had forecast that the RBI would keep the repo rate at 8.00 percent, while four had expected a reduction of 25 basis points.
The RBI’s next policy review is in early February, and most analysts had expected the central bank would either cut interest rates then or wait until April.
“A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature,” the RBI said in its statement.
“However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle.”
Rajan told a teleconference with analysts that the central bank wants to be confident that underlying trends for non-food inflation were moving in the right direction before reducing interest rates.
India’s benchmark 10-year bond yield fell 5 basis points on the day to 8.01 percent as investors cheered the central bank’s more dovish stance.
ECONOMY NEEDS MORE THAN RATE CUT
In its statement, the RBI spoke of the need to revive capital investment, and called on the government, which will announce its budget in February, to “stay on course” to meet fiscal deficit targets. Those targets have been jeopardised by  weak tax revenue growth and the slow pace in selling off stakes in state-run companies to raise funds.
Data released on Friday showed economic growth slipped to 5.3 percent year-on-year in the July-September quarter, down from 5.7 percent in the previous quarter. India needs far faster growth to create jobs for all the young people joining its workforce in coming years.
“Things will not pick up just because of rate cuts,” said J. Venkatesan, an equity fund manger for Sundaram Asset Management in Chennai. “A strong reforms push is needed to revive economic growth.”
Helped by tumbling oil prices, India’s annual consumer price inflation (CPI) slowed to 5.52 percent in October, sharply down from a peak of 11.16 percent struck in November last year, but the RBI warned that it expected inflation to rise in December as a favourable base effect wanes.
The RBI has targeted CPI at 6 percent for January 2016, and the central bank said risks to the target “appear evenly balanced under the current policy stance”.
Rajan said if that target was achieved the RBI would then aim for a longer-term inflation target of 4 percent.
While there were few expectations that the RBI would cut interest rates this time, officials had told Reuters last week that Finance Minister Arun Jaitley would press Rajan for a reduction when they held a customary meeting before the policy review – though there was no confirmation that the meeting took place.
The central bank is not statutorily independent from the finance ministry, but it enjoys broad autonomy in setting monetary policy, though there are plans to amend the RBI Act and incorporate a monetary policy committee that gives voting rights to officials both within and outside the central bank.
“In the weeks ahead, the government and RBI will work towards a monetary policy framework that will help institutionalize the gains achieved on the inflation front, so as to reduce inflationary expectations and further support the revival of investment and growth,” the ministry said.
 
TAGS: Inflation Raghuram Rajan Reserve Bank Of India
More from economy
Per capita annual income increases in national capital The per capita annual income in the national capital has increased to Rs 2.19 lakh in 2013-14 as campared to Rs 1.92 lakh in the previous fiscal.

Car sales pick up pace in NovemberMaruti, Hyundai, Toyota, Honda lead car sales pickup in November
By Chanchal Pal Chauhan , ET Bureau | 2 Dec, 2014, 06.29AM IST
Led by Maruti Suzuki, Hyundai Motor, Honda Motor and Toyota Motor, automakers have likely dispatched more cars in November over the 1.42 lakh cars sold a year earlier.
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: Car sales in India are set to return to the positive territory after a two-month gap, with the top four companies that account for 70% of the local market recording healthy numbers in November.
Led by Maruti Suzuki , Hyundai Motor, Honda Motor and Toyota Motor , automakers have likely dispatched more cars in November over the 1.42 lakh cars sold a year earlier, initial data issued by the companies show.
Final numbers will be available only later in the month, when industry body Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers declares sales.
With the November gains, industry executives expect year-over-year sales to rise 9-10% in the past month.
Car sales had been sluggish for more than two years, and after a temporary recovery from May to August in the current fiscal year, they slipped back again during the crucial festive months of September and October.
New launches and declining fuel prices, along with an improving consumer sentiment, are the likely factors that are again pushing the sales higher. Also, discounts have peaked after the festival season.
According to the data shared by carmakers, Maruti's domestic sales increased 17% to 1,00,024 units, while the local unit of Hyundai posted a 6% gain at 35,511 cars. At Honda Cars India, volume jumped as much as 64% to 15,263 units in November. At 12,175 units, Bangalore-based Toyota Kirloskar Motor's sales rose 19% from November last year.
"We benefitted from the strong investment by Hyundai to launch four new products in the past one year," said Rakesh Srivastava, senior VP for marketing and sales at Hyundai Motors. "The greatest impetus came from the splendid demand for the all new Elite i20 which has reached a landmark number of 10,500 units and is the largest selling Hyundai brand in the Indian market."
Companies had been launching new cars in quick succession to attract customers. Over the past few weeks, several new brands and products like Maruti Alto K10, Honda Mobilio, Tata Zest and Mercedes-Benz C-Class have reinvigorated the market. With the help of Zest, Tata Motors managed to post 16% growth in sales in car and utility vehicle sales after a year-long declining streak. The company said sales of its cars — Zest and Nano — jumped 30% on-year in November.
But the growth trend could be temporary as several players continued to decline with high interest rates keeping many prospective buyers away and some old models failing to take buyers.
Mahindra & Mahindra, the top SUV manufacturer, posted an 18% drop in sales as the company failing to captalise on its newly launched Scorpio to return to the positive territory.
"The auto industry continues to see sluggish demand on the back of factors such as low consumer sentiments and high interest rates. We do expect some cushioning from reducing international crude prices. While the possibility of current excise duty rates to go beyond the December deadline could also help in the much needed recovery for the auto industry," said Pravin Shah, CEO for the automotive division & international operations at Mahindra.

Can right delivery model help each Indian get bank accountDec 02, 2014, 10.42 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Can right delivery model help each Indian get bank account?
There have been a lot of deliberations on working out the right delivery model for financial inclusion so that each Indian has access to a bank account. How can we create a low cost delivery model so as to bring the unbanked into the banking fold?
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Can right delivery model help each Indian get bank account?
There have been a lot of deliberations on working out the right delivery model for financial inclusion so that each Indian has access to a bank account. How can we create a low cost delivery model so as to bring the unbanked into the banking fold?
Post your opinion here
Special Show
There have been a lot of deliberations on working out the right delivery model for financial inclusion so that each Indian has access to a bank account. How can we create a low cost delivery model so as to bring the unbanked into the banking fold? CNBC-TV18’s AB Ravi talks to industry experts, Royston Braganza, CEO at Grameen Capital, Chetna Gala Sinha, Founder of Mann Deshi Mahila Bank and President of the Mann Deshi Foundation, Suresh Sethi, Business Head m-pesa at Vodafone India, Abizer Diwanji, National Head of Financial Services EY India and GV Surya Kumar, CEO, Outreach Financial Services on making the Financial Inclusion a reality.
Watch videos for more....

Thirty years on  Bhopal gas tragedy still continues to haunt victimsDec 02, 2014 at  03:07pm IST
Thirty years on, Bhopal gas tragedy still continues to haunt victims
45
0
Bhopal: Not even born 30 years ago when the gas tragedy struck the city, yet the third generation of Bhopal is now bearing the brunt of toxic leak of Methyl Isocyanate from the carbide factory on the December 2, 1984.
The doctor who conducted the autopsies said that he found evidence that the toxicity had crossed the placental barrier to the foetuses on that fateful night. It was also said that genetic aberrations in the following generations could not be ruled out.
Siddesh was born 19 years after the tragedy and yet he is a victim. He is physically and mentally challenged since birth. His mother Meeta was herself a child in 1984 when the gas leaked into her home in Narial Kheda. Her parents got a compensation of just Rs 25,000 each. Abandoned by her husband, Meeta has struggled to bring up Siddesh alone.
#bhopal #bhopal gas tragedym #union carbide #toxic leak
"I come here so that my son's condition improves. He can now eat, run and play on his own. Earlier, he only used to lie flat," Meeta recalls.
Other victims of the tragedy, 13-year-old Taufeeq and 8-year-old Junaid can barely use their legs. Their mother Shehnaz was also exposed to the toxic gas 30 years ago. Shehnaz's husband suffers from Tuberculosis. But all she got is a meaningless one time compensation of Rs 25,000.
"I was 10-12 years old when the gas entered. Both my sons have the same problem. They cannot walk, they keep falling down. some say there is no cure," Shehnaz laments. The 13-year-old Taufeeq says that he wants to do research when he grows up.
Several people have been fighting against the tragedy with its traces still visible. Rashida Bi and Champa Devi are both survivors of the gas tragedy and now long-time activists.
"The numbers of affected kids are much higher in the wards where the gas leaked, but the government is still in denial," activist, Chingari Trust Rashida Bi said.
Dr Satpathy conducted over 800 autopsies within days after the tragedy. He had also examined the foetuses of pregnant women who died that night and had concluded that the toxins would be passed on for generations.
"Union Carbide had said in its manual that the methyl isocyanate (MIC) would not cross the plancental blood barrier level. But the same toxin in the pregnant ladies who died that night was also found in their foetuses. MIC had clearly crossed the placental barrier. It would have adverse effect even in the future generations," Dr Satpathy claimed.
A study conducted by the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) had conducted a study between 1985-94 and found that psychiatric disorders in children exposed to the toxic gas was 12.66 per cent as compared to just 2.4 per cent among children not exposed to the gas.
5

Lodha Developers gives guidance for debut US dollar bondHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Lodha Developers gives guidance for debut US dollar bond
Reuters
Tweet
MUMBAI, Dec 2:  
Lodha Developers Pvt Ltd has launched its debut offering of US dollar-denominated Reg S bonds at a mid-high 10 per cent initial guidance.
The five-year non-call 3 bonds are expected to receive ratings of Ba3 from Moody's and B+ from Fitch.
The issuer is Lodha Developers International (Mauritius). Lodha Developers International Holdings and Palava Dwellers Private Ltd, two other subsidiaries of the company, are the guarantors.
Pricing is expected as early as today. Bank of America Merrill Lynch and JP Morgan are the joint bookrunners and lead managers on the offering.
The offering follows investor meetings in Singapore, Hong Kong and London last week. Proceeds will be used for refinancing and general corporate purposes.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Gold futures decline to Rs 26 314 on weak global cuesGold futures decline to Rs 26,314 on weak global cues
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 2:  
Gold prices fell 0.74 per cent to Rs 26,314 per 10 grams at the futures trade today as speculators reduced their exposures amid a weak trend overseas on strong dollar.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in December fell sharply by Rs 195 or 0.74 per cent to Rs 26,314 per 10 grams in a business turnover of just one lot.
Likewise, the metal for delivery in February next year eased by Rs 172 or 0.65 per cent to Rs 26,767 per 10 grams in 197 lots.
Market analysts said a weak trend in overseas markets, where the precious metal retreated from a five-week high on outlook for strong dollar, mainly weighed on gold prices at the futures trade here.
Globally, gold fell 0.7 per cent to $1,203.45 an ounce in Singapore today.
Meanwhile, the metal had rallied yesterday to $1,221.43, the highest level since October 30, climbing from a three-week low of USD 1,142.88 as some investors ended bets on lower prices.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan keeps repo rate unchanged at 8%Rajan opens door for rate cut early next year
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 03, 2014 12:59 AM IST
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan on Tuesday held interest rates steady but held out hope for industry by saying the central bank could ease monetary policy early next year — even outside the policy review cycle — if the downward momentum in inflation continued and fiscal developments were encouraging.
“(It is a) misconception among corporates that RBI is unconcerned about growth,” Rajan said at a press conference after the policy review. But keeping up with his inflation-warrior image, Rajan defended the status quo, saying he did not want to do a “flip-flop” on this front and was looking for “certainty” on various factors, primarily inflation, before lowering the key interest rate. “We have to make sure the disinflation process is well underway. We have had a couple of months (of low inflation) after five years of high inflation. We want to make sure this is for real, especially because we don’t intend to flip-flop,” he said.
The repo rate was kept unchanged at eight per cent, a fifth straight bi-monthly monetary policy review at which the status quo was maintained. RBI also kept the key ratios — the cash reserve ratio and the statutory liquidity ratio —unchanged.
The decision was broadly in line with expectations, as most economists and market analysts had expected the repo rate (the rate at which the central bank lends to banks) to remain unchanged, given the governor’s insistence on quelling inflation first.
ALSO READ:  Rajan hits out at India Inc, says RBI not against growth
In a statement, the finance ministry said in the weeks ahead, the government and RBI would work towards a monetary policy framework that would help institutionalise the gains achieved on the inflation front. “The government looks forward to RBI supporting the revival of growth and employment,” the ministry said.
Most analysts, however, said RBI’s idiom had changed from whether it would cut rates to when. The central bank’s next policy review is scheduled for early February and most expect it will either cut interest rates then or wait until April.
State Bank of India Chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya said by advancing the inflation target of six per cent to March 2015, RBI had now sent out a clear message that the rate cycle would be reversed sooner rather than later. With oil prices at historic lows, a stable exchange rate and strong capital inflows, the feel-good factor is here to stay.
HDFC Bank’s research team said a repo rate cut could be announced in April next year, as by then, the central bank would get more clarity on the pace of disinflation and the Union Budget could help RBI get a better handle on the government’s commitment to fiscal consolidation and its reform agenda.
“Still, weak demand and the rapid pace of recent disinflation are factors supporting monetary accommodation. However, the weak transmission by banks of the recent fall in money market rates into lending rates suggests monetary policy shifts will primarily have signalling effects for a while,” RBI said.
At the press conference, Rajan put it more bluntly: “It is not my job to tell banks what to do. Though rates have come down, they have not passed it on.”
RBI has set a target of eight per cent retail inflation by January 2015 and six per cent a year from then. In October, retail inflation had hit a lifetime low of 5.52 per cent (the series was launched in February 2012), while Wholesale Price Index-based inflation slumped to a five-year low of 1.77 per cent, driven by softening prices of fuel and food items.
With Consumer Price Index-based, or retail, inflation already within RBI’s target, Rajan had earlier hinted he would like to tackle the issue once and for all. Also, the overhang of a weaker-than-normal monsoon, which could put pressure on food prices, has not been entirely ruled out.
ALSO READ:  Disappointed CEOs expect rate cut by February
In its statement, RBI mentioned the need to revive capital investment, and called on the government, which will announce its Budget for 2015-16 in February next year, to “stay on course” to meet fiscal deficit targets. These targets have been jeopardised by weak tax revenue growth and the slow pace of selling stakes in state-run companies to raise funds.
Tuesday’s decision, however, is likely to disappoint Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, who has been batting for lower interest rates to further boost economic growth, as well as sections of Indian industry.
Rajan also said corporate groups are often asked to pay higher interest rates because of their poor financials and inability to repay existing dues. “I also see there is a whole lot of confusion. The immense risk premium being demanded of some corporates is because of the state of their leverage, because of the risks they have taken, and because of their inability or unwillingness to repay. This should not be attributed to RBI. What we control is risk-free rate, what they can control is the risk premium demanded of them. This is something they should work on, even as we are working on bringing down inflation and the risk-free rate they have to pay,” Rajan said.
The RBI kept its central estimate of growth at 5.5 per cent, while scaling down its inflation projection to six per cent by March-end next year. In the medium term, RBI expects inflation to stand at about six per cent, assuming a normal southwest monsoon, lower crude oil prices and no change in administered prices barring electricity. The RBI governor also said the central bank was in the process of finalising the monetary policy framework, adding the government seemed comfortable with adopting a target of about four per cent, with a band of +/-2 per cent beyond 2016.
After having done away with gold import curbs through the week, Rajan didn’t sound too concerned about the high imports of gold, saying the fall in crude oil prices created some room in the current account. The move to do away with the 80:20 rule on gold imports was initiated from the government’s side and was a “reasonable” one, he said.
Industry was disappointed. Ajay S Shriram, president of the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), said at this juncture, even a symbolic cut in policy rates would have sent a strong signal. “CII feels the RBI will move in favour of growth at its next monetary policy and the new year will witness a cut in policy rates by at least 50 basis points,” he added.
The stock markets also reacted negatively, with the Sensex falling 116 points. But government bond yields dropped  and fell below the eight per cent mark, owing to dovish statements by the central bank. The yield on the 10-year bond ended at 7.97 per cent, compared with its previous close of 8.06 per cent.
 

Markets trim losses post RBI policy; L&T up 1%Markets trim losses post RBI policy; L&T up 1%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 02, 2014 11:41 AM IST
Benchmark share indices fell sharply after the Reserve Bank of India kept key policy rates unchanged but rebounded later led by financials after RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said rate cut was likely early next year if the inflation momentum -- currently on a downward path -- continues and if fiscal developments are encouraging.
At 11:40AM, the 30-share Sensex was down 74 points at 28,486 after hitting a low of 28,386 and the Nifty slipped 22 points at 8,534 after touching a intra-day low of 8,505.
Analysts said that the market was encouraged by dovish statements made by the RBI about a possible rate cut early next year on the back of improving inflation and macro-economic data. Market participants now believe that the rate-cut is imminent in the first half of 2015.
"Markets are very happy with the outlook given by the RBI. The expectation is that there could be a rate-cut in February next year. The sharp run-up that we saw ahead of the RBI policy now means that the markets could see some correction in the near-term," said Sunil Jain, VP (equity research), Nirmal Bang Securities.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan left interest rates unchanged at 8% for the fifth time in a row at the central bank’s bi-monthly policy review today.
The central bank also kept other key rates -- the cash reserve ratio and the statutory liquidity ratio -- unchanged.
The rupee is trading higher at 61.92 compared with Monday's 62.02 close.
Asian markets are trading firm. A rebound in crude oil and other commodity prices favouring the stock markets of resource-exporting countries. Japanese shares were up 0.5% and Shanghai Composite was up 1.9%, Straits Times was up 0.8% and Hang Seng was up 0.7%.
The BSE Auto and IT indices were the top sectoral losers. Capital Goods, Metal, Power and Healthcare indices were the top losers.
Infosys turned ex-bonus today for 1:1 bonus issue. The stock is the top Sensex loser, down by almost 2%. The company has fixed December 3, 2014 as the record date for the purpose of allotment of bonus shares. However, the stock turned ex-bonus today.
HDFC Bank and HDFC were also among the top Sensex losers down 0.7-1% each.
Bajaj Auto dropped 1.2%. The company’s total sales in November 2014 declined to 309,259 units compared to 310,591 units in the same month last year.
M&M slipped 1.3% after reporting a 13% decline in total car sales numbers in November, 2014 compared to same month last year.
ICICI Bank recovered from early lows and was up 0.5%. The stock turns ex-stock split on Thursday, December 4. Shareholders would be entitled to receive 5 equity shares of nominal value of Rs. 2 each in lieu of 1 equity share of nominal value of Rs. 10 each of the Bank.
Oil and gas shares firmed up after the brief correction on Monday. ONGC and Reliance Industries was up 0.2-0.7% each.
Other Sensex gainers include, ITC, ONGC and Sesa Sterlite among others.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap index was up 0.3% and Small-cap index was up 0.1%.
Market breadth was weak with 1,239 losers and 1,168 gainers on the BSE.

Saradha scam: Company went bust  but website remainsSaradha scam: Company went bust, but website remains
Press Trust of India | Kolkata Dec 02, 2014 10:00 AM IST
The Saradha Group went bust over a year ago but its web site, which lured unsuspecting poor people into investing in its chit fund schemes and deprived them of their hard-earned savings, still exists.
The website www.Saradhagroup.Biz can be accessed on the Internet. It begins with a message, "Saradha Group of companies has brought in a new renaissance for better development of the country. We always give more importance for the development of the community, along with education and social upgradation. We give priority to moral values."
It is 20 months since the chit fund company closed down, leaving lakhs of investors, mainly from rural Bengal, cheated of their life's savings following which Saradha Group chairman Sudipto Sen was arrested from Kashmir in April, last year.
"We will look into the matter how the website is still there on the web," an official of CBI, which is probing the fraud, told PTI when asked.
"It might be that the agency which has created the website, has been paid the money. We have to look into it," he said.
The website has the address and contact numbers and email IDs of 69 branch offices of Saradha Group spread across West Bengal, Tripura, Odisha, Assam and New Delhi.
The home page opens with the message 'You Wish We Fulfill' and an introduction about Saradha's journey which began 12 years ago.
It also mentions the group of companies that Saradha had floated.
They are: Saradha Construction, Saradha Realty, Landmark Cement, Saradha Agro, Saradha Education Hub, Saradha Tea Estate, Saradha Health resorts, Saradha Tours & Travels, Saradha Shopping Mall and Saradha Exports.
It went on to say, "Several other prolific ventures would soon come up to see the daylight. The group is driven by innovation, quality, excellence, and a social conscience."

RBI Guv RaghuramRajan says don t intend to flip-flop on policyBeleaguered RBI Guv Raghuram Rajan says cbank works on ‘certainties’
By: PTI |        Mumbai |  December 2, 2014 3:14 pm
Summary
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) does not intend to flip-flop on policy and is in discussions…
RBI does not intend to flip-flop on policy and is in discussions with the govt for a new monetary framework which it hopes to finalise shortly, Governor Raghuram Rajan said. (Reuters)
Other Articles
CBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case
Embattled RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan, who has been facing a lot of pressure over the last few months to cut rates, defended status quo in the monetary policy today, saying that he does not want to do a “flip-flop” on it and is looking for “certainty” on various factors, mainly inflation, before lowering the key interest rate.
Rajan also announced progress in talks with the government on the adoption of a monetary policy framework, saying the inflation target for January 2016 and beyond has been set at 4 per cent, plus or minus 2 per cent.
“We have to make sure that the (disinflation) process is well underway. We have had a couple of months (of low inflation) after five years of high inflation. We want to make sure that this is for real especially because we don’t intend to flip-flop,” Rajan told reporters at the post-policy media briefing after the 5th bi-monthly monetary policy, wherein he left all policy rates unchanged.
ANALYSTS’ COMMENTARY: ‘Change in stance by Raghuram Rajan’s RBI very heartening’
RBI POLICY REVIEW: HIGHLIGHTS
“The Reserve Bank wants to get more certainty about the pace of inflation movement before changing its stance,” he said.
Rajan reiterated that the desire is to have a linear movement once RBI shifts its policy stance to being accommodative, adding that the central bank does not want one policy to offer a cut and the next to raise the rates.
Rajan, who is targeting to contain inflation at 6 per cent by January 2016, said disinflation process is underway and factors like the fall in global crude prices are positive for the country that imports over 80 per cent of its fuel requirements.
The consumer price inflation fell for the 5th consecutive month to 5.52 per cent in October, driven largely by base effects, while whole price index touched a five-year low of 1.8 per cent in the same month.
However, Rajan said: “A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature. However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle.”
On the new monetary policy framework, which would involve setting of a formal inflation target and accountability to deliver on the same, Rajan said talks with the government have progressed well and the details will be announced soon.
“The government has indicated that it is comfortable in setting a target of 4 per cent, plus or minus 2 per cent, as suggested by a number of committees, including the Urjit Patel committee for inflation beyond 2016,” he said.
RBI Deputy Governor Urjit Patel, under whose chairmanship a committee had earlier this year suggested adoption of inflation targeting under a new monetary policy framework like some countries do, said the medium-term inflation target will help guide the central bank towards a stable regime and help bring down the risk premium which gets attached.
Commenting on the actual working of the arrangement, which sets in after January 2016, Rajan said: “If we achieve the 6 per cent target, we will be at the upper edge of the suggested band of inflation and there will be work to do going forward.”
The timeframe for achieving the long-term targeted 4 per cent inflation is something which will have to be discussed, he added.
On the support from the government and the fiscal deficit number, he said it has assured that it is sticking to the target of containing that at 4.1 per cent in spite of troubling factors like uncertainties on the growth, which is limiting revenues.
While taking on corporates for repeatedly demanding rate cuts, Rajan said money market rates are already on a downward spiral even though RBI has not cut the rates.
He said however that the transmission is not happening to actual lending rates by banks.
Unless banks pass on the benefits accruing to them as a result of a dip in policy rates, chances of a rate cut by RBI are “mild”, he added.
“I do believe that there is a signalling effect and I do believe that once banks are confident that rates will come down and stay down, they may start passing through more to consumers,” the Governor said.
Rajan, however, maintained that he is not suggesting anything banks to lower their lending rates.
Meanwhile, Patel flagged some concerns which should be on the radar even as the global crude prices are sliding. He said the slide is a result of price wars between the conventional crude producers (OPEC bloc) and the upcoming shale gas players (primarily by the US), and we need to be sensitive that it may rebound as fast it has declined once the balance tilts.
After having dismantled the gold import curbs over the week, Rajan did not sound much concerned over the high imports of gold, saying that the dip in crude prices creates some room in the current account.
The move to do away with the 80:20 rule on gold imports was initiated from the government’s side and was a “reasonable” one, he added.
TAGS: Raghuram Rajan RBI Policy Reserve Bank Of India
More from economy
Per capita annual income increases in national capital The per capita annual income in the national capital has increased to Rs 2.19 lakh in 2013-14 as campared to Rs 1.92 lakh in the previous fiscal.

Sensex too maintains a status quo post policy; down over 100 pointsSensex too maintains a status quo post policy; down about 100 points
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 2, 2014, 03.07PM IST
Tags:
Bajaj Auto
(The benchmark index cracked…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex recouped some of the intraday losses after falling as much as 173 points in trade on Tuesday, after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kept key policy rates, CRR, SLR unchanged in its monetary policy review meet.
The benchmark index cracked soon after the RBI verdict but managed to recoup some of its intraday losses. The fall in the index was led by losses in Infosys, SBI, HDFC, Tata Motors and M&M.
"A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature. However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle," the bank said.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also came under pressure and was still trading below its crucial psychological support level of 8550, weighed down by losses in consumer durable, banks, IT and realty stocks .
At 3:05 pm, the Sensex was at 28,474.97; down 84.65 points.
The Nifty was at 8,530.95; down 24.95 points.
Sesa sterlite (up 1.4 per cent), L&T (up 1.3 per cent), Hindalco (up 1.1 per cent), BHEL (up 1.04 per cent) and Bharti Airtel (up 0.91 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
Infosys (down 1.7 per cent), Bajaj Auto (down 1.2 per cent), M&M (down 1.3 per cent), Hero MotoCorp (down 1.1 per cent) and DRL (down 1.06 per cent) were the major index losers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RBI keeps key interest rates unchanged; EMIs on home  vehicle loans won t go downNo EMI relief as RBI guv keeps rates intact
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Mumbai/New Delhi, December 02, 2014
First Published: 11:07 IST(2/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:29 IST(3/12/2014)
Comments
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Raghuram Rajan dashed expectations of the government, consumers and business leaders as he kept lending rates unchanged on Tuesday despite plunging inflation and mounting pressure to ease borrowing costs to aid a revival.
RBI governor Raghuram Rajan laughs while replying to a question during a news conference after the bi-monthly monetary policy review in Mumbai on Tuesday. (Reuters)
Unchanged interest rates would imply your home loan EMIs, which eat away large chunks of household incomes, are unlikely to fall anytime soon.
High loan rates could influence people’s decision to buy houses, cars and other consumer goods, mostly bought through loans.
The benchmark lending rate has remained unchanged since January last year, demonstrating the RBI governor’s unwavering commitment to keep inflation firmly bottled up for longer period of time,  before softening of the rather hawkish stance.
Budding revival signs in the broader economy and falling inflation rates had rekindled hopes that the RBI would lower loan rates to assist companies’ investment plans, critical to spin jobs and multiply income.
Rajan retained the repo rate -- the rate at which banks borrow from RBI -- at 8%, and kept the cash reserve ratio (CRR)-- the proportion of deposits banks to have to park with the central bank -- at 4%, in the bi-month monetary policy review.
Retail inflation eased in to a three-year low of 5.52% in October, below the central bank's target of 6% by 2016.
India’s wholesale inflation rate -- the main gauge to capture country-wide price movements -- has also plunged to a five-year low of 1.77% in October, triggering a chorus of demand for lower borrowing costs to boost investment and consumer spending.
The next monetary policy is scheduled for February 3, 2015, but Rajan did not rule out a rate revision outside of the policy calendar depending on future price movements.
“A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature. However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle,” Rajan said.
Analysts said the RBI governor could wait for cues to come from the next year’s Union budget in February before initiating any rate action.
Industry leaders have been ratcheting up their demand for cheaper loans with the government also hoping that the central bank would signal a reversal of its prolonged hawkish stance that some see as affecting capacity expansion plans.
According to experts low and stable interest rates are critical to fast-track roads, ports, airports, and railways projects to create jobs, raise non-farm incomes and catalyse large scale industrialisation across India.
Rajan, however, made it abundantly clear that the RBI would not change its stance until the central bank was convinced to have fully tamed inflation.
“The way to sustainable growth is to have low and stable inflation. We are talking of years of sustainable growth,” he said.
The RBI governor said that the key to a turnaround in the growth path of the economy in the second half of the year is a revival in investment activity –- in new as well as stalled projects –- supported by fiscal consolidation, stronger export performance and lower overall inflation.

Delhi: Union minister uses expletives during campaign  apologises in parlComments
Minister of state for food processing industries Niranjan Jyoti Tuesday tendered an apology in Parliament for using abusive language at an election campaign in Delhi but failed to douse the opposition fire even as the Bharatiya Janata Party Tuesday said the issue should not be stretched.
Minister of state for food processing industries Niranjan Jyoti used expletives while campaigning for the BJP in Delhi. (HT File Photo)
On Monday, Jyoti had said people of Delhi must decide if they wanted a government of Ramzaadon (followers of Ram) or a government of those who are illegitimate.
Union minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said in Rajya Sabha the government did not support Jyoti's remark, but he also asked the Opposition to "maintain decorum."
Naqvi said those in the government and the opposition should use dignified language and in the past UPA ministers too had crossed the line many times.
As Rajya Sabha session was adjourned for a third time, finance minister Arun Jaitley said Jyoti's comments were "improper and unacceptable".
He said since the minister had apologised and withdrawn her statement, "what happens outside isn't within domain of this House".
But BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra seemed to be defending her by saying it was a "slip of tongue" and the issue should not be politicised.
The saffron party also hit out at Congress, saying several of its leaders too have made objectionable remarks in the past.
"But have they ever been asked to resign? When did Congress sack them from the party? And they are called experienced leaders while Sadhvi Niranjan has become MP for the first time," UP BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpai said.
According to reports, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has asked party MPs to abstain from addressing the nation and also condemned the comments made by Jyoti.
Modi asked the MPs to avoid making uncalled for statements at the parliamentary board meeting held ahead of Parliament session on Tuesday.
Opposition demands resignation
The issue rocked both the Houses as agitated opposition MPs disrupted proceedings, seeking an explanation from the Prime Minister and demanding an apology from Jyoti, who joined the Narendra Modi's cabinet early last month.
The remarks drew the ire of Opposition which protested in Parliament following which Jyoti expressed "deep regret" and apologised for her actions saying she did not intend to hurt anyone's feelings.
"My intention was not to hurt anyone. If my speech outside the House has hurt anyone, I express my deep regrets," Jyoti said in Lok Sabha.
She said if certain words spoken by her outside the House have hurt someone, she is ready to take back her words and offer regrets. She also said she is ready to seek an apology.
The Opposition, however, refused to accept her apology and said she must resign or should be removed from her post.
Drama in House
As soon as Lok Sabha met for the day, Mallikarjun Kharge, leader of the Congress, took up the issue with Speaker Sumitra Mahajan.
Kharge said the "objectionable" language used by Jyoti had created tension at a time when there had been quite a few communal riots.
Several Congress and Trinamool Congress members, too, rushed to the Well, shouting slogans.
Both Houses saw brief adjournments over the protests, even as Mahajan cautioned all members to be mindful of their speech.
"The Prime Minister should give an explanation," Congress leader Anand Sharma said.
Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) supremo Mayawati said the minister's remarks were against the secular ethos espoused by the Constitution and do not behold a person occupying a constitutional post.
The BJP should sack her, she said.
Mayawati and CPI(M) MP Sitaram Yechury demanded that an FIR be filed against Jyoti.
The Congress alleged that Jyoti had insulted the people of Delhi and she should issue an apology while the Aam Aadmi Party said it was the BJP's real face.
"The divisive thinking and divisive politics of the BJP has been exposed," Congress leader Ambika Soni said.
Manish Sisodia of Aam Aadmi Party said, "This is the real character of BJP. Their language shows what kind of work they are doing at the Centre and what kind of work they will do for Delhi."
Members of Congress, TMC, SP and other opposition parties rushed to the Well during the uproar over her remarks leading to four adjournments in Rajya Sabha and one in Lok Sabha during pre-lunch sitting.
Later, outside Parliament, the minister was asked about demands for her resignation.
"I have apologised and I have nothing else to say," she replied.
Following the controversy, Jyoti said, "I did not take name of any particular individual, community or party. I was talking about separatist parties and leaders who think of dividing the country..."
She later clarified her statement was for those who didn't believe in Ram and unified India, adding her remarks must not be given any communal overtone.
"Those who have sold the country, made it bankrupt, people will not voter for such people. Is it a crime to talk about Ram? How can talking about Ram be communal?"
"Muslims offer namaz in mosques, we do no object. Christians pray in churches, we do not object. Then talking about Ram should not be termed as communal. And those who call me communal, I would say what could be more communal than this."
"Do you want a government of people who believe in Ram, a government that believes in people. And i would like to say one more thing, be it Hindu or a Christian in the country, he is an offspring of Ram. And those who refuse to believe this, will never believe in this country also," she said.
Jyoti is credited with helping the ruling BJP make inroads among the Dalit and backward classes in the politically crucial state of Uttar Pradesh.
She is among the six BJP MPs drafted into the party's campaign for the Delhi polls due early next year.
( With PTI inputs)

Maoist attack: Rajnath to visit Chhattisgarh todayRajnath vows to continue the fight against Maoists
HT COrrespondent , Hindustan Times  Raipur, December 02, 2014
First Published: 10:04 IST(2/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:59 IST(3/12/2014)
Comments
A day after the attack in Sukma, Union home minister Rajnath Singh cited the Maoist problem as a national challenge and expressed the need to review the ongoing strategic steps and existing security situation. 
CRPF personnel, injured in the Maoist attack in Sukma on Monday are treated in a hospital in Jagdalpur. (HT Photo)
During his visit to Raipur on Tuesday, the home minister said, “We have to put a united fight against such challenge. We will review and take all strategic steps to deal with the Maoist problem and our fight will continue”. He will make a sou moto statement in Parliament on Wednesday on the attacks.
According to sources, the Maoists managed to carry off more than a dozen sophisticated weapons of security personnel from the Monday’s encounter site, including about 10 AK 47/56 rifles, one self-loading rifle, an INSAS rifle and about 400 rounds of ammunition in the gunfight.
Preliminary reports suggest that more than a dozen Maoists also died in the encounter.
Singh paid homage to the CRPF personnel who were killed in Maoist encounter near Chintagufa on Monday. He also visited critically injured jawans in the hospital.
HT reported on Tuesday that the IAF failed to send choppers after the encounter. The IAF in its rejoinder sent to HT clarified that the helicopters were sent as soon as clearance was given as per the ministry of home affairs (MHA) and IAF joint procedures. IAF maintained that the area must be sanitized before the chopper lands there. The sources said the helicopters were not launched as they could have been targeted if the area had not been sanitised.
The IAF has assigned six Mi-17 choppers to support the state and central police forces engaged in anti-naxal operations in Chattisgarh and Jharkand. 
The home minister declared that the families of those killed in the attack will get `38 lakhs while injured personnel would be given Rs65,000 besides free medical treatment.
After arriving in Raipur, Singh held a high level meeting of the senior officials of the state police, CPRF, intelligence and top bureaucrats at Rajbhawan and reviewed the situation. Chief minister Raman Singh and the state home minister Ram Sewak Paikra also attended the meeting. The union home minister’s plan to visit Bastar was shelved.

Hold Tata Steel  says Gaurav BissaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hold Tata Steel, says Gaurav Bissa
Gaurav Bissa of LKP Securities recommends holding Tata Steel.
Post your opinion here
Traders Only
Gaurav Bissa of LKP Securities told CNBC-TV18, "The metal pack as a whole is not looking interesting at this point of time. Nifty being around 8600, the entire pack is still struggling to even come up with small amount of upside. Having said that, there might be some amount of spruce that cannot be ruled out in individual stocks, we saw what happened with Hindalco Industries , it has managed to clock some amount of gains."
" Tata Steel looks decently placed as far as the comparisons with Sesa Sterlite  or Jindal Steel & Power . So the stock is having a strong support zone at around Rs 440 odd level. I suggest that it would be advisable to hold on the stock with a stoploss of Rs 440. If that is breached then it would be advisable to exit this stock as going forward it might see another round of panic below Rs 440," he said.
RELATED NEWS

Exit Reliance Power: Gaurav BissaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Exit Reliance Power: Gaurav Bissa
Gaurav Bissa of LKP Securities recommends exiting Reliance Power.
Post your opinion here
Traders Only
Gaurav Bissa of LKP Securities told CNBC-TV18, " Reliance Power is in a downtrend, it has been falling and breaching the crucial support levels in its path. In the longer term time frame you will not see the stock performing rather outperforming the indices and it would be expected that the stock more or less would be consolidating. It is in the medium term support of Rs 65-66 but if this level is breached then it can even fall further by 7-8 percent, even 10 percent and that cannot be ruled out."
"If one keeps the stock in the portfolio, it would be just a wait for a small amount of upside which would be again be followed by an equal amount of pressure at higher level. So it would be better to exit the stock," he added.
"There are other stocks which are giving a clear breakout, one of them is Power Finance Corporation  Limited (PFC). If this stock holds Rs 300, one can go long in the stock, it can test Rs 350-360 in the medium term. So some of the stocks that are giving good breakout, that would be an interesting buy."
RELATED NEWS

Atal Bihari Vajpayee s birthday to be observed as  Good Governance DayDec 02, 2014 at  01:49pm IST
Atal Bihari Vajpayee's birthday to be observed as 'Good Governance Day'
184
0
New Delhi: Former prime minister and BJP patriarch Atal Bihari Vajpayee's birthday will be observed as 'Good Governance Day'.
The decision has been taken by Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the BJP Parliamentary Board meeting held on Tuesday. The veteran leader celebrates his birthday on December 25.
"Prime Minister Narendra Modi told the party MPs that the birthday of former Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee would be observed as national 'Good Governance Day' on December 25, where all BJP MPs and government officials will make the day symbolic of good governance," Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs Rajiv Pratap Rudy told reporters.
The veteran leader celebrates his birthday on December 25.
#atal bihari vajpayee #bjp #good governance day #narendra modi
He said the Prime Minister also asked all party MPs to highlight all BJP-run governments and bodies across the country as models of good governance on the day.
"The Prime Minister also asked the BJP MPs to work for an hour in their respective constituencies for the 'Clean India' campaign," Rudy said after the meeting at Parliament library building.
Vajpayee, a widely respected leader across political spectrum was made a part of BJP's 'Marg Darshak' committee recently. BJP has always highlighted the various schemes started by Vajpayee during its campaigns.
Vajpayee is a two-time PM. He was first elected to the top post in 1996 but could not hold the government together for more than 13 days. BJP-led NDA government was re-elected in 1998 when Vajpayee was promoted as the PM. He held office till 2004.
(With inputs from PTI)

Live: BJP minister Niranjan Jyoti apologises in Parliament  Congress says apology not enough  seeks her resignationmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

European shares seen steadying after commodity-led declineEuropean shares seen steadying after commodity-led decline
Reuters
Tweet
London, Dec 2:  
European stocks were seen steadying on Tuesday after a pullback in the previous session that had been caused by a new slump in the prices of crude oil, which fell to five-year lows.
Financial spreadbetters expected Britain's FTSE 100 to open up by 4-9 points, or 0.1 per cent higher. Germany’s DAX was expected to open up by as much as 10 points, or 0.1 per cent, and France’s CAC 40 was also expected to open up by 5-9 points, or 0.1-0.2 per cent higher.
Brent crude slipped to nearly $72 a barrel on Tuesday, giving up some of the gains seen on Monday when prices rallied for the first time in six sessions, but Europe’s stock markets were expected to be lifted by progress overnight in Asia.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Markets live: Sensex sheds 121 points; Auto  IT stocks skidMarkets live: Sensex sheds 116 points on profit-taking; IT, auto stocks skid
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 2:  
3.30 pmIndian equity markets fell for a second consecutive session on Tuesday, as software services exporters declined on rupee's strength and as investors booked profits after the central bank kept interest rates unchanged, although it signalled potential rate cuts by early 2015.
The Sensex fell 115.61 points or 0.4 per cent to 28,444.01 and the Nifty ended down by 31.2 points or 0.36 per cent at 8,524.70.
Rupee up The rupee was trading strong at 61.87
Sectoral indices IT and auto indices fell the most by 1.48 per cent and 1.05 per cent, respectively, followed by TECk 0.93 per cent and oil & gas 0.66 per cent.
Metal and healthcare indices were the star-performers and were up 1.2 per cent and 0.94 per cent, respectively, followed by capital goods 0.73 per cent and FMCG 0.65 per cent..
BSE gainers, losers Hindalco (2.51%), Bharti Airtel (1.81%), L&T (1.12%), SSLT (1.1%) and ICICI Bank (0.74%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were GAIL (2.85%), M&M (2.36%), Infosys (2.18%), HDFC (1.51%) and TCS (1.38%).
Is the global economy heading for a slowdown? China’s PMI tumbles, factory output has slowed even in France and Germany in November...
— Rajalakshmi Nirmal (@crajalakshmic) December 2, 2014
3.04 pmThe Sensex and the Nifty were trading lower by nearly 0.3 per cent at the pre-close session amid firm global cues.
The Sensex was trading down by 95.28 points at 28,464.34 and the Nifty was trading lower by 21.95 points at 8,533.95.
Sectoral indices IT and auto indices fell the most by 1.35 per cent and 1.00 per cent, respectively, followed by TECk 0.82 per cent and oil & gas 0.71 per cent.
Metal and healthcare indices were the star-performers and were up 1.29 per cent and 0.92 per cent, respectively, followed by capital goods 0.72 per cent and FMCG 0.68 per cent..
BSE gainers, losers Hindalco (2.12%), Bharti Airtel (1.87%), SSLT (1.15%), L&T (1.01%) and Sun Pharma (0.8%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were GAIL (3.15%), M&M (2.23%), Infosys (2.11%), Bajaj Auto (1.53%) and HDFC (-1.41%).
The Nifty call Go short with stop-loss at 8,590
European markets European stocks rose amid an increase in M&A and as investors weighed stimulus prospects ahead of the European Central Bank meeting this week.
Stoxx 50 was up 19.16 points or 0.59 per cent at 3,252.07 and FTSE 100 rose 76.39 points or 1.15 per cent to 6,732.76.
2.15 pmProfit-taking by funds and retail investors led the Sensex and the Nifty trade lower by nearly 0.3 per cent.
The BSE benchmark Sensex was trading at 28,477.96, down 81.66 points and the NSE index Nifty was trading at 8,531.50, down 24.4 points.
Sectoral indices IT and auto indices fell the most by 1.1 per cent and 1.08 per cent, respectively, followed by TECk 0.71 per cent and oil & gas 0.31 per cent.
Metal and healthcare indices were the star-performers and were up 1.29 per cent and 1.24 per cent, respectively.
BSE gainers, losers Hindalco (+2.27%), SSLT (+1.72%), L&T (+1.46%), Bharti Airtel (+1.28%) Sun Pharma (+1.19%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were M&M (-2.32%), Infosys (-1.93%), GAIL (-1.67%), Bajaj Auto (-1.61%) and Tata Motors (-1.05%).
Oil retailers down Stocks of oil retailing companies were down by nearly 3 per cent as the Government has hiked the excise duty on petrol by Rs. 2.25 a litre, and on diesel by Rs. 1 a litre effective tonight.
Excise duty hiked Petrol, diesel excise duty hiked
European stocks rose amid an increase in M&A and as investors weighed stimulus prospects ahead of the European Central Bank meeting this week.
1.42 pmThe Sensex and the Nifty were trading down by nearly 0.5 per cent due to profit-taking in blue-chips amid firm global cues.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex was trading down by 125.98 points at 28,433.64 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty was trading lower by 38.95 points at 8,516.95.
Sectoral indices IT and auto indices fell the most by 1.13 per cent, followed by TECk 0.7 per cent and consumer durables 0.38 per cent. Metal (+1.15%), healthcare (+0.95%) and capital goods (+0.55%) indices remained investors' favourite.
BSE gainers, losers SSLT (+1.79%), Hindalco (+1.56%), Bharti Airtel (+1.26%), L&T (+1.06%) and Tata Steel (+0.95%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were M&M (-2.71%), Infosys (-1.79%), Bajaj Auto (-1.53%), Tata Steel (-1.27%) and HDFC (-1.22%).
12.40 pmThe Nifty and the Sensex were trading down by over 0.4 per cent. The Nifty was trading at 8,522, down 34 points, and the Sensex at 28,443, down 117 points.
Volatility Index, India Vix was at 13.06, down 1.06 per cent.
Sectoral indices such as auto, finance, IT, realty and services were in the red.
Top five gainers on the Nifty were JIndal Steel, NMDC, Cairn India, Sesa Sterlite and PNB.
European indices, FTSE-100, CAC-40 and DAX were in the red.
12.16 pmThe Sensex and the Nifty were trading down by nearly 0.4 per cent on heavy selling in auto, IT and TECk stocks despite firm global cues.
The BSE benchmark Sensex fell 120.76 points to trade at 28,438.86 and the NSE index Nifty moved down by 34.89 points at 8,521.10.
Trading was highly volatile despite RBI announcing that it would cut interest rates early next year.
According to Monetary Policy, Threats to infl. from poor north-east monsoon, removal of base effect and changes in cmdty prices remain.
— lokeshwarri sk (@lokeshwarri) December 2, 2014
Sectoral indices Auto index fell the most by 1.17 per cent, followed by IT 0.93 per cent and TECk 0.6 per cent, while metal (0.62 per cent), capital goods (0.6 per cent) and healthcare (0.56 per cent) indices remained investors' favourite.

Raghuram Rajan holds ground  leaves ratesunchangedBy: Reuters | Mumbai |
Posted: December 2, 2014 12:09 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 12:20 pm
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan today kept interest rate unchanged, saying that a shift in stance is ‘premature’ but hinted that a cut may come early next year if inflation continues to ease and government acts on the fiscal side.
“A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature. However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle,” he said.
Accordingly, the repo rate continues to be at 8 per cent while the cash reserve ratio has also been retained at 4 per cent.
On the inflation trajectory, Rajan said he expects it to ease further and average at the 6 per cent.
“Over the next 12-month period, inflation is expected to retain some momentum and hover around 6 per cent, except for seasonal movements, as the disinflation momentum works through,” he said in the bi-monthly review of the monetary policy.
Driven largely by a base-effect, the consumer price inflation for October had come in at 5.52 per cent, the fifth consecutive month that it had fallen down.
Under its glide path, the RBI is targeting to get the CPI inflation at 8 per cent as of January 2015 and take it down to 6 per cent by January 2016. While the 2015 target is achievable, Rajan had in the last policy sounded concerned about the “upside risks” to the 2016 target.
Central forecast for retail inflation is revised downward to 6 per cent from 8 per cent for March 2015.
Calls for a rate cut had been growing in the run up to the policy announcement, with Finance Minister Arun Jaitley also pitching for lower the cost of capital to boost growth.
The stock market recovered briefly after the policy announcement but was again trading lower than yesterday’s close.
Data released last Friday pointed to a dip in growth in the second quarter at 5.3 per cent, leading to the calls for a rate cut getting stronger.
However, the surprising rebound displayed with a 6.3 per cent growth in the core sector yesterday, indicating an uptick in factory output, kept everybody guessing about the stance which Rajan adopts.
Additionally, the auto companies also reported an over 10 per cent growth in sales for November, after a dip in the preceding month, indicating a revival in the manufacturing sector. Among the eight core sectors, coal and power have done exceedingly well during the month.
The lobby calling for a rate cut had also been pointing to a continuous decline in global crude prices, which have come to a five-year low of around USD 68 a barrel, which has the potential to reduce inflation in an oil-importing nation like India.
However, some experts also warn of the uncertainty over the continued…

Former Maharashtra Chief Minister A R Antulay dies at 85 inMumbaiWritten by Tabassum Barnagarwala | Mumbai |
Posted: December 2, 2014 12:01 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 1:09 pm
Maharashtra’s former chief minister and Congressman Abdul Rehman Antulay breathed his last in city’s Breach Candy Hospital early Tuesday morning.
Antulay who served in Maharashtra was also union minister for health and minorities affairs in UPA government lead by Manmohan Singh in the first term. His tenure as chief minister was cut short due to controversy popularly known as cement scandal that forced him to resign. The matter was contested in apex court and he was pronounced not guilty a decade later.
The veteran politician was 85 years old.
According to his son-in-law, Antulay was admitted with several medical complications a month ago.
Last month, after the death of veteran politician Murli Deora, senior Congress leader, Ahmed Patel, had visited Antulay to check his health in Mumbai.
A source from the Congress party had confirmed that the veteran politician was in a critical condition in the hospital’s intensive care unit.
According to hospital sources, Antulay’s kidney and liver were not functioning properly.

Rupee up against $; makes day s high of 61.90You are here: Home > Collections
Rupee up against US $; below 62 levels
PTI Dec 2, 2014, 05.12PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The rupee had gained just…)
MUMBAI: The rupee strengthened against the US dollar , making day's high of 61.87 vesus the greenback increased selling of the American currency by exporters ahead of RBI's policy review.
Dealers said increased selling of the dollar by exporters supported the rupee but a lower opening in the domestic equity market and the Greenback's rise against some overseas currencies, capped the gains.
The rupee had gained just one paisa to close at 62.02 against the dollar in yesterday's trade on late selling of the US currency by exporters and some banks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

What Raghuram Rajan Said at RBI Policy Meet TodayWhat Raghuram Rajan Said at RBI Policy Meet Today
ADG Wins Digital Marketing Excellence Award by World Marketing CongressADG Wins Digital Marketing Excellence Award by World Marketing Congress
BGR India Presents Dream 500 Million Smartphones in IndiaBGR India Presents Dream 500 Million Smartphones in India
Political leaders condemn Sukma Encounter which claim lives of 13 CRPF personnelPolitical leaders condemn Sukma Encounter which claim lives of 13 CRPF personnel
Pakistani PM to attend London conference on AfghanistanPakistani PM to attend London conference on Afghanistan
Suzlon Group arm Senvion SE appoints Kirti Vagadia as new CFOSuzlon Group arm Senvion SE appoints Kirti Vagadia as new CFO
Rupee appreciates to 61.93 in noon tradeRupee appreciates to 61.93 in noon trade
RBI rate policy: Anand Mahindras Tweet poll got it right!Anand Mahindra, CMD, Mahindra Group
Mangaluru, Dec 2:  
It is clear that there are no cuts in key RBI policy rates for now. Even the people on Twitter had the same feeling if a small poll conducted by Anand Mahindra, Chairman and Managing Director of Mahindra Group, is any indication.
Mahindra, who has around 1.5 million followers on Twitter, tweeted at 9.58 am (an hour before the RBI announcement) seeking the views of his followers on the RBI credit policy.
Mahindra tweeted: “Checking the reliability of Twitterstrologers (yes, astrologers) with a small poll on today’s RBI policy? How many predict an interest rate cut?”
A majority of those replied that there will not be any rate cut. One follower, who uses the Twitter handle @carvalho_mike said: “No rate cut. Rajan holds his ground. PM backs decisions based on rational thinking”
Another follower, @AKantharao said: “going by Raghuram thinking, there may be a little tweaking, no real cut for now.”
One more follower, @VinodBoob said: “I would say no rate cut today. But he might give the direction on the way forward for interest rate cut.”
However, one @akshayj was optimistic about a rate cut. He said: “the govt seems to be committed towards industrial reforms and rate cut is a step in that direction. I predict a rate cut”
At 10.35 am, Mahindra summarised his poll, and tweeted: “The twitterstrologers say no rate cut. but some tweaking and some signals for the future.”
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Bond yields fall on RBI policy announcementBond yields fall on RBI policy announcement
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 2:  
Bond yields hit a low of 7.99 per cent today, the lowest level since July 2013, as the RBI Governor held out hope that there could be a cut in rates early next year.
10-yr gov bond yield at 7.99. Down almost 80 basis points since this July. Bond markets are not waiting for RBI.
— lokeshwarri sk (@lokeshwarri) December 2, 2014
In the monetary policy announcement today, the RBI has decided to hold the rates. The repo rate remains unchanged at 8 per cent. There are no changes in CRR either which remains at 4 per cent of deposits.
The RBI Governor, Raghuram Rajan, has said that a change at this juncture is premature.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Business Standard Banking Round Table: key quotes from top bankersBusiness Standard Banking Round Table: Key quotes from top bankers
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 02, 2014 12:20 PM IST
Even as RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan was addressing the media in his post policy briefing, the country's top bankers had gathered at the Business Standard Banking Round Table in mumbai. While the Governor's decision to keep key rates unchanged was welcomed by the bankers, there is widespread expectation of a rate cut by february 2015. 
The bankers also expressed their views on credit growth, bank deposits, bad debts and impact of Jan Dhan programme of the government. One consensus emerged though among all the participants- optimism of a strong economic recovery and that the government is moving in the right direction to enable that recovery.
Here are some key quotes from the country's top bankers at the Business Standard Banking Round Table 2014
Arundhati Bhattacharya, Chairman, SBI
Let us hope rate cut happens in february 2015
There is no dearth of liquidity for banks to finance infra projects
We definitely need a bankruptcy law in India
Political interference does not affect decisions regarding big lending
Execution of laws has to be proper In recovering loans
Most corporate deposits going to liquid MFs and not to banks these days
Bank deposits need a leg up from the govt in terms of tax deducted at source
Savings in gold is something that should not be done beyond a certain percentage
TDS at Bank deposits makes them unattractive. Savings in gold is not good for the nation
Our reliance on bulk deposits is as low as 1.3%
Customers of JanDhan need to be served closer to their doorsteps
Aditya Puri, MD, HDFC Bank
India has a bright future but dont expect it tomorrow. Govt is working very hard 
There is real return available on bank deposits and would recommend people to access that
India needs something similar like Chapter 11 laws for bankruptcy
There is a space for all kinds of banks in India
Shikha Sharma, MD & CEO, Axis Bank
Debt recovery tribunals need to be more effective to collect loans from defaulters
We are definitely optimistic that things will look better in the next financial year
Govt is focused on clearing bottlenecks. Beginning to see some projects move.
The accounts under JanDhan are viable if they are used for direct benefit transfer
Success of JanDhan has been more than it was initially anticipated by the govt
Enabling infra for doing DBT in the near future is a big advantage of JanDhan
If govt decided to drop import duty then gold prices could drop further
Ravneet Gill, CEO, Deutsche Bank
We will see credit enforcement discipline being made even stronger
The biggest way to secure yourself is by client selection
India is a political economy and govt policies matter a lot
We will need to see a recovery in context of better cash flows this time and not in terms of capex
Banks will become more competitive with the payment banks coming in
Pramit Jhaveri, CEO, Citi India
For next 2-3 years, finding deposits will not be a challenge for the bank
India will be a big beneficiary of global capital flows 
Indian interest rates wl fall by next year while US rates will rise
We are seeing evidence that banks are being much firmer with borrowers

Nuclear-capable Agni-IV successfully test-firedNuclear-capable Agni-IV successfully test-fired
Press Trust of India | Balasore (Odisha) Dec 02, 2014 12:11 PM IST
India today successfully test-fired its nuclear-capable strategic ballistic missile Agni-IV, with a strike range of about 4000 km, from a test range off the Odisha coast.
This was the fourth trial of Agni-IV missile. The last trial was carried out successfully on January 20 this year from the same test range off Odisha coast.
Supported by a mobile launcher, the sleek missile was flight tested from the launch complex-4 of Integrated Test Range (ITR) at Wheeler Island, at about 1020 hours.
The test conducted by the specially formed Strategic Force Command (SFC) was successful, said Ravi Kumar Gupta, Director of the Directorate of Public Interface, Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO).
"The sophisticated surface-to-surface missile is equipped with modern and compact avionics to provide high level of reliability," sources said.
Agni-IV missile is equipped with state of the art Avionics, 5th generation On Board Computer and distributed architecture. It has the latest features to correct and guide itself for in-flight disturbances.
The most accurate Ring Laser Gyro based Inertial Navigation System (RINS) and supported by highly reliable redundant Micro Navigation System (MINGS), ensures the vehicle reach the target within two digit accuracy.
The re-entry heat shield can withstand temperatures in the range of 4000 degree centigrade and makes sure the avionics function normally with inside temperature remaining less than 50 degree centigrade. Agni-I, II and III and Prithvi are already in the arsenal of armed forces, giving them reach of over 3000 km, giving India an effective deterrence capability, they said.
Radars and electro-optical systems positioned along the coast of Odisha tracked and monitored all the parameters of the missile, the sources said adding two Indian naval ships anchored near the target area witnessed the final event.

BHEL: Telangana bonanzaBHEL
Rating: Buys
Upgrade to Buy–Time to Buy the Behemoth: We downgraded Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd (BHEL) in Mar-10 as we felt the order cycle had peaked. Average inflows over FY11-14 declined to R272 bn from R576 bn over FY08-11. We expected this to remain at R300 bn for the next two years followed by a recovery to R400 bn levels in FY17e (estimates).
However, better inflow prospects suggest that inflows could be R400 bn over FY15e-16e itself, which has arrested the downcycle. Further, after a 35% EPS (earnings per share) decline over FY12-15e, we expect BHEL to grow EPS at a CAGR (compound annual growth rate) of 43% over FY15-17e. As a consequence we upgrade BHEL to Buy (from Sell) and increase our target price to R335 (from R176 earlier). After five years of underperformance vs the Indian market over CY09-CY13, the outperformance phase has just about begun in CY14.
Our target price increase factors in: (i) 26% cut in FY15e EPS and 45% increase in FY16e-17e EPS, based on trends from H1FY15 and robust order inflow prospects; (ii) increase in target P/E (price-to-earnings multiple) to 23x (from 18x earlier) set at 10% premium to 1 standard deviation above mean (given the EPS is still early cycle); and (iii) roll forward of target P/E to Sep16e (from Mar16e earlier).
The EPS change factors in the following developments:
Telangana order–a ‘black swan’ event: We had expected that the downcycle (FY11-14) would last two more years. We had not foreseen the Telangana 6GW (R300bn) order. As we dug deeper we were surprised by the bid pipeline of 14GW beyond this (our inflows estimates have been increased 20-37%).
Solid cost control: Logically, a pricing collapse over the last three years should have led to a gross margin contraction. But margin has expanded by 475bps in H1FY15 on faster localisation, raw material cost decline and renegotiations with vendors. Our gross margins assumptions are 42.5%-42.8% now (vs 39.0-30.3% earlier).
Staff cost impact is much lower than expected earlier: In the next four years, 8,000 people will retire and will not be replaced. Provisioning for VIIth Pay Commission might start only from Q4FY17 and a full-blown recovery of power capex cycle by FY18e is very much on the cards, which could lead to better absorption of the increase in wages.
High operating leverage: Over FY1993-FY2014, BHEL’s Ebit (earnings before interest and taxes) margins have varied from 0% to 17.8%. The business has tremendous operating leverage. More orders imply higher sales, which leads to disproportionately high margins.
Thesis for the Upgrade
Why bullish on BHEL: It is a fact that India’s energy and peak deficits collapsed to historic lows of -4.2% and -4.5% respectively in FY14—a collapse that has been fairly dramatic in the last two years. Power demand growth in FY14 was flat year-on-year due to slowing GDP growth.
This is despite the fact that India’s thermal power plants are operating at 15-year lows in terms of plant load factors (PLF), which reflects a decline in utilisation levels on lower demand and constraints in availability of fuel. These trends stand even for September 2014 with energy and peak deficits of 4.1% and 3.5% respectively. However, our bullish thesis is based on the following:
Regional imbalances: The all India deficit number might not capture regional imbalances in the deficit. So, the states of UP, Rajasthan, Maharashtra, Telangana, AP, Karnataka and Bihar might continue to add capacity even though the all-India deficit number is not high.
But power can be transmitted cross-region: Yes, that is true. But, first, it is well-known that transmission constraints exist and power does not flow as freely from one region to another as earlier envisaged in the short term. Second, no state would prefer depending on other states for their power supply needs entirely over the long term.
Understated demand statistics: Whenever we have talked to employees of government and private sector power companies, they have tended to disregard the all-India deficit numbers, saying these numbers are grossly understated. CEA’s definition of electricity demand factors in total generation required (at the bus bar) to meet demand from load connected to the national grid, including provision for AT&C losses (aggregate technical and commercial losses). It does not include non-electrified consumers and it does not factor in widespread scheduled power outages or blackouts which have persisted over the years.
CPSUs and SEBs don’t add capacity based on economics: Decisions on capacity addition are based more on the country’s needs and government’s directive and not just on economic reasons. So NTPC might keep ordering 5GW or more every year irrespective of whether they get PLF-based incentives or PAF (plant availability factor)-based incentives.
Creation of a new state: The creation of Telangana and the consequent good fortune of BHEL of signing an MoU for 6GW is a black-swan event, which has arrested the downcycle for the company.
—Citi
TAGS: BHEL
More from indianmarkets
Stocks tumble, Rupee at 13-month low as crude crashes BSE Sensex today recorded its worst single day fall of 538.12 points in 16 months to end day's trade below 27,000...

Amazon s New Robot Army Is Ready to ShipIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Citigroup raises BSE index target to 33 000Citigroup raises BSE index Dec 2015 target to 33,000 from 31,000. It  expects 15 pct upside from Friday’s close.
Increases NSE index target to 9,850 from 9,240.
Says 2015 should be front-loaded with falling interest rates, back-loaded with actual economic recovery amid steady reforms.
Adds falling rates in a rising economy/earnings could fire the market more.
Policy rates should fall 75 bps in 2015, Citigroup said.
Rejigs model portfolio; overweight on banks, energy, cement, pharmaceutical shares.
Lists Adani Port and Special Economic Zone, Aurobindo Pharma among top large-cap picks.
Also, likes Ashok Leyland, DB Corp among midcaps.
TAGS: Citigroup
More from indianmarkets
Stocks tumble, Rupee at 13-month low as crude crashes BSE Sensex today recorded its worst single day fall of 538.12 points in 16 months to end day's trade below 27,000...

Ease of doing business is the keyHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
‘Ease of doing business’ is the key
N Ramakrishnan
Needed, single-window clearance for projects and industry-friendly laws
Chennai, December 1:  
Earlier this year, Shri Govindaraja Textiles, a textile spinning company from southern Tamil Nadu, decided to set up a plant in the US. All it had to do was approach the office of Select USA, an agency tasked with facilitating investments in the US, at the American consulate in Chennai.
Shri Govindaraja Textiles, part of the Aruppukottai-based Jayavilas group, gave its wish list to Select USA. Within a few days, the US agency came back with a list of nine States where the company could set up the spinning unit.
When the 39-year-old Ramkumar Varadarajan, Managing Director, Shri Govindaraja Textiles, went to America, he told the authorities in the nine States that he did not have the time to visit each State and look at the facilities. Representatives from the economic development authority of each State came over and made their pitch for getting the investment.
The company weighed the offers and chose North Carolina, the lower electricity cost being one major factor. Then, registering the company and completing other formalities got done in a matter of days.
If it were to think of setting up a new unit in India, just getting details of incentives from the States alone would have taken a few months and, that too, after several visits to each State. Getting approvals and clearances to start work on the plant would have taken even longer.
Likewise, in 2003, when Sundram Fasteners, of the TVS group, decided to set up a plant in China, it got all approvals in a jiffy.
Company officials had then told the media that it just took two days for the company to get the approvals. It was done through a single-window system. The company had to merely sign the forms and its requirement of land, power connection and pollution clearance was taken care of.
For setting up a similar plant in India, the company officials had said it would have taken them a good nine months or more, just to get the approvals.
Make in India, may be Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s exhortation to industrialists, both Indian and foreign. But that is easier said than done.
Talk to industrialists across sectors and the problems and challenges of making in India unfold. At the top of the list is, of course, what industry leaders describe “the ease of doing business”. This is the first thing the government has to tackle if it is really serious about Make in India happening, they say. The ease of doing business includes everything from getting clearances, meeting regulatory requirements, acquiring land, regularly filling up and submitting within the deadline a maze of forms, and last but not the least, labour issues.
This is what the Planning Commission’s 12{+t}{+h} Plan document has to say: “…The business regulatory environment in the country is intimidating for manufacturers, especially small-scale enterprises. It saps their productivity and deters further investments. The Plan proposes some initiatives to tune up India’s business regulatory environment. Much of the action needed lies with the State governments.”
The manufacturing sector contributes to just 16 per cent of GDP and India’s share in world manufacturing is less than 2 per cent. In contrast, China’s manufacturing sector contributes 34 per cent to its GDP and its share of world manufacturing is 13.7 per cent.
The Byzantine laws that need to be complied with and the maze of forms that need to be filled regularly are the biggest bugbear for industry.
As Surinder Kapur, Chairman of the Sona group, which has a clutch of companies making automobile components, says, a manufacturing company has to sign more than 60 forms every month. “That is ridiculous,” he says, and adds that the Government is making the right noises now to reduce this burden.
When a company wants to put up a plant, it has to deal with land acquisition, power connection, compliance/regulatory issues, a maze of tax regulations. All these things are done to create obstacles to doing business, says Kapur. L Ganesh, Chairman of the Rane group, which is also into automobile components, echoes similar views. Laws governing factories need to be drastically reduced and simplified. Online compliance and certification by private agencies on issues such as safety should be introduced to reduce harassment and eliminate corruption, he says.
For India to take off as a manufacturing destination, BS Seo, Managing Director, Hyundai Motor India, says procedures have to be simplified. He welcomes the Government’s focus on manufacturing, but for it to bear fruit, the Government should address issues related to “ease of doing business” by bringing fast-track, single-window clearance for projects and approvals and introducing more industry-friendly laws.
Ganesh says the Make in India objective is apt, if manufacturing has to reach 25-30 per cent of GDP. Only then jobs for low- and semi-skilled youngsters can be created in large numbers. If not, the growth can be limited and skewed in favour of a few.
But, for this to happen, he says, “the States and the Centre, especially the former, must look at industry as economic engines for creating jobs. Today, they look at them mostly as avenue for corruption and golden geese for taxation.”
(This is part of a series on ‘Make in India’.)
(This article was published on December 1, 2014)
Related

Deutsche Annington: grand designs© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/2f3debf8-796d-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Goldman offers clients Uber serviceGoldman Sachs clients offered debt in Uber
Tom Braithwaite in New York and Richard Waters and Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b43ff8e2-7994-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Halliburton and DreamWorks Are Big Market MoversIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Hughes death: Australia  gives space  to grieving players not ready for Testsprint
Cricket Australia will be understanding of players who feel uncomfortable about playing in the wake of the death of Phillip Hughes when the rescheduled India Test series starts next week, chief executive James Sutherland said on Tuesday.
Sutherland was speaking at Sydney Airport before his flight to Macksville, where Hughes will be buried on Wednesday some six days after he died from a catastrophic injury caused by a ball striking him in the back of the head during a domestic match.
The reshuffle of the India series, which was originally scheduled to begin in Brisbane on Thursday, was announced late on Monday with the Adelaide match now the first of the four tests and starting next Tuesday.
Admitting that the new arrangements were by no means "perfect", Sutherland expressed his thanks to the understanding shown by all stakeholders but reiterated the welfare of the players was secondary only to that of the Hughes family.
Any player that is not comfortable or doesn't feel right will be allowed to pull out of the Adelaide Test. (Reuters Photo)
"There's a funeral tomorrow (December 3), let's just understand that's going to be difficult enough as it is," he said. "I'd encourage everyone to give players their space and let them in their own way work through that.
"It's absolutely up to the individual (whether they play), and any player that is not comfortable or doesn't feel right, or there is medical advice that it is not quite right, we will obviously understand that."
Sutherland said consideration had been given to cancelling the Brisbane Test, which is worth some A$20 million ($16.97 million) to Cricket Australia and will now be squeezed between the Adelaide and Melbourne tests from December 17-21.
"We've canvassed so many options and looked at so many permutations," he added. "Our first priority has always been to try to deliver the content, the matches, that were scheduled. "To be honest it was close, there were only a few days in it, but in the end we've been able to get to a solution that I believe was optimal.
"I just hope everyone will understand the big picture here, these are tragic and extraordinary circumstances." Alistair Nicholson, chief executive of the Australian Cricketers' Association (ACA), represented the players in the discussions about the rescheduling and said the solution satisfied their two main concerns.
"It was very important that the Hughes family were given a chance to lay Phil to rest and the preparation time was also important," he said. "Because of the need to play five days of intense cricket against India, the appropriate amount of preparation time was paramount.
"It's obviously going to be a tough summer with four tests against India and the World Cup but the players will now be able to focus because there's now certainty."
Sutherland said the Hughes family had been "overwhelmed" by the outpouring of sympathy from around the world and said he hoped the funeral -- three days after what would have been Hughes's 26th birthday -- would provide a measure of closure.
"We're headed to Macksville for a funeral and hopefully that's a great celebration of Phillip's life and then we can move forward," he said. "At the same time, we understand the challenge for our players and those closest to the Hughes family, and of course the Hughes family."

Oil and gold slip after overnight reboundEquities shrug off fall in crude prices
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cb812806-79d4-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Steps that can help entrepreneurs bootstrap ...You are here: Home > Collections > Founder
Ten steps that can help entrepreneurs bootstrap a startup
Dec 2, 2014, 10.40AM IST
Tags:
(Starting up cannot be a flash…)
By Ashish Mittal
Starting up cannot be a flash in the pan. There are many impediments in the way of an entrepreneur from converting his idea into a successful business. Capital, market research, finding a niche, and identifying a team are some of them. Here are 10 steps that can help an entrepreneur bootstrap a startup and provide structure to the process.
Step 1: Ignite your passion: Bootstrapping a startup does not start with great ideas but with a passion to make a mark and solve real business issues. While an idea is very important to do a startup, the best ideas will fail if there is no passion to execute it. A startup needs a huge amount of personal sacrifice and an equal amount of hard work. There will be many days when a founder questions his move to be an entrepreneur and hence at such stages, passion is needed to carry on.
Step 2: Research your idea - Sometimes an idea should remain only an idea. This is the stage where a founder determines if his startup can grow to become a real business. Startup is not a charity and for a founder it is very important to determine if the idea solves a real problem, has an addressable market and people are willing to pay for it.
Step 3: No Plan B: A founder has to realize that a startup is a full time job. Very often than not in a startup, where the founder is moonlighting fails to take off. A startup cannot be bootstrapped as a plan B where the founders have attempted to work on their startup idea part time while working on their full time job. Plan your startup by taking all things into considerations. Ideally, if a founder can have a year's expense in savings, it provides a great cushion to execute the startup without having to fret.
Step 4: Identifying the niche - Every idea must solve a problem in the society or provide utility. It is only when the product or service is really needed that someone is willing to pay for it and the business is sustainable. The entrepreneur needs to focus on specifics and pinpoint how his product or service would bring about change. If an entrepreneur can find an underserved market or can solve a pain point for a category of people or business, it will serve as a sweet spot. It is, however, advisable that the entrepreneur targets a niche that he understands and provides a service or a product that he has knowledge about.
Step 5: Defining the market - Once the need is identified, it is important to define what constitutes the target audience. This can be done on age, gender, religion, interests, where they reside among a host of other factors. Every market is different and it is very important that the founder maps out every aspect of the target audience. The more specifics and narrow an entrepreneur can get in terms of defining the market, the better are the chances of the startup succeeding.
 
Step 6: Getting the right team - A founder cannot do a startup alone. Every entrepreneur needs a team to execute the idea and sometimes finding the right team is more important than a brilliant idea. The best laid plans can come to naught if the team behind it is not right. A founder should look for people who can compliment his skill sets so that all bases are covered.
Step 7: Creating your first prototype - Whatever may be the nature of the startup it is very important to get a working prototype of the key elements. This will be the starting point for the founder from where he can look to improve his product or services. A prototype is very important also because one does not want to incur huge expenses by building the final version and later finding flaws in it. Even in terms of raising money, investors always want to see a working prototype.
Step 8: Finding your first unpaid customers - Unpaid customers are needed primarily for two reasons. The first being once you have a final version of your product or service ready, the real feedback comes from your customers. Unpaid customers can be a great source of feedback where you get to know the good and the bad about your product or service and hopefully iron out the bad ones. Unpaid customers are more tolerant since they are not spending anything and if your product or service is great, they can also be a very good source of word of mouth advertisement.
Step 9: Prepare to scale - Many startups fail to scale, primarily because they have not planned for it. In its infancy, things are easier to manage for a startup, but teething problems begin when a startup grows bigger and starts addressing the higher volume of clients or consumers. A founder should plan out his execution strategies for scaling up - monthly, quarterly and even yearly. This way he ensured the customer experience is never compromised.
Step 10: Go to market - Timing is the key when launching a product or service. Founders are under tremendous pressure to quickly roll out their services and products, but what is important to understand is that one has to be ready for it. From your marketing to servicing to hiring, all bases have to be covered. More importantly, if an entrepreneur has found the prototype is not having the desired outcome, it only means he is not ready to go to market yet.
(Ashish Mittal is founder and Chief mentor, Turning Ideas, focused on helping multiple startups in mobile, social and cloud domain. He was instrumental in starting Google Enterprise business in India and worked for Microsoft, Oracle and IBM. He is part of advisory board for multiple higher education Institutes and Government and also guides students in becoming Industry ready. He also drives charity for underprivileged known as Turning Life Foundation.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1yAX3YbFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Eric Andre loves outdated technology - no iPhone 6 thanks
HOLLYWOOD: Eric Andre, the host of Adult Swim's bawdy "The Eric Andre Show," believes the world of anonymous comments have gone too far. He's just yanked his YouTube channel and Facebook page.
Post to Facebook
Eric Andre loves outdated technology - no iPhone 6 thanks HOLLYWOOD: Eric Andre, the host of Adult Swim's bawdy "The Eric Andre Show," believes the world of anonymous comments have gone too far. He's just yanked his YouTube channel and Facebook page. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1xZe4HK
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
10
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Eric Andre loves outdated technology - no iPhone 6 thanks
Jefferson Graham , USA TODAY 3:37 p.m. EST December 2, 2014
Comedian Eric Andre offers tips for how to shoot great hidden camera videos. The host of Adult Swim's "Eric Andre Show," specializes in man-on-the-street segments shot in backpacks and through coffee cups.
Comedian Eric Andre hosts Adult Swim's "The Eric Andre Show."
(Photo: Jefferson Graham, USA TODAY)
51 CONNECT 141 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
HOLLYWOOD, Calif. — Eric Andre, the host of Adult Swim's bawdy The Eric Andre Show , believes the world of anonymous comments have gone too far.
He's just yanked his YouTube channel and Facebook page, to direct fans instead just to his ericandre.com website and Twitter .
"They don't have comments for movies and TV shows," he says. "Why should there be comments for online videos?"
Removing his videos from YouTube and Facebook eliminates his clips from being "censored," he says. "I don't need a bunch of racist 12-year-olds to tell me I suck every five seconds on YouTube."
The world's No. 1 video site has become a "platform for teenagers to mouth off," he continues. "They're trolling and want attention. … I don't want to know about views; I don't want to know about comments. Just watch it or don't watch it. You watching it is the comment."
Eric Andre shows off his rings.
(Photo: Jefferson Graham, USA TODAY)
SMARTPHONE ADDICTION
Another issue in the real world — turning off the phone.
"The blue light that radiates off the phone scrambles your brain," he says. "Experts say you shouldn't look at your phone after 8 p.m. because you won't be able to get to sleep.
"I believe that. I'd be more productive if I wasn't checking my Twitter every five seconds," he says. Constantly looking to see new tweets and likes is "chasing the dragon, chasing a ghost that doesn't exist."
Eric Andre decided to do a "crazy" pose during a photo shoot.
(Photo: Jefferson Graham)
USING TECH TO MAKE COMEDY
His wild man-on-the-street segments for the Adult Swim series are mostly shot with hidden cameras, tiny GoPros that are hidden in a variety of places.
"You can hide a camera pretty much anywhere," he says. "Backpacks are nice and big. You can put a camera in a coffee cup. It's scary how easy it is to film people without them knowing." Want to do this at home kids? "Put (a GoPro) in a cup, and draw little circles around it, so it just looks part of the graphic design of the coffee cup," Andre says.
Comedian Eric Andre prefers the standard definition look for comics. HD is too wise, he says.
(Photo: Jefferson Graham)
HOLIDAY GIFT WISH LIST
As a lover of "dinosaur technology," Andre jokes that he'd love to get a VCR rewinder, or possibly a combo VCR that plays both VHS and Betamax tapes.
"I have an old Commodore 64 and Laserdisc machine," he says. "Those silver discs looked so ridiculous."
A proud owner of an iPhone 5, he's not planning to succumb to the new iPhone 6.
"I'm a conspiracy theorist," Andre says. "As soon as the iPhone 6 came out, my 5 started breaking down. I think they put software in my phone so you're forced to buy the 6. You know what will be better than the 6? The iPhone 7. It's just a perpetual cycle. No matter what, the 6 will be irrelevant."
Comedian Eric Andre

Is this the end of the road for Tata ManzaEnd of the road for Tata Manza?
Swaraj Baggonkar | Mumbai Dec 02, 2014 10:15 AM IST
The Manza is struggling to keep pace with rivals in its segment, fuelling the possibility of Tata Motors withdrawing its only mid-sized sedan from the market.
In the first six months of the year, the Mumbai-based automobile company has managed to sell only 776 units of the Manza, a drop of 26 per cent from 1,054 in the same period last year.
The average monthly sales volume for the Manza this year has been 130 units. By comparison, the Honda City, the bestseller in the segment, sold an average 5,841 units a month and reported an almost 200 per cent annual sales growth in the first six months. While the City controls 45 per cent of the market in the segment, the Manzas share is only one per cent.
According to a senior Tata Motors official, the company is taking aggressive steps to correct its product portfolio, with a more “cleverly defined and targeted strategy”. It recently phased out the first-generation Nanos from the market to make way for the upgraded Nano Twist and Nano eMax variants.
The Manza has also faced stiff competition from foreign brands — Hyundai’s Verna, Skoda’s Rapid and Volkswagen’s Vento clock much higher sales.
A senior executive at Tata Motors’ Ranjangaon plant in Pune, where the Manza is manufactured, said: “Production of the Manza has gone down significantly. It is produced intermittently, with little demand from dealers. Though production has not fully stopped, it is moving in that direction and a further output drop is expected.”
A Mumbai-based Tata dealer confirmed that no new orders were placed for the Manza, out of fear the model might be phased out. “There is no demand for the Manza at present. Discounts on the car had to be increased. New inventory will bring more pressure on us to liquidate those if the model is phased out anytime soon,”
Launched in 2009 as the Indigo Manza, the car was built on an entirely new ~2,000-crore platform that also served the Vista hatchback. Tata Motors dropped the Indigo moniker two years later, after a minor facelift to the sedan.
The Manza was positioned as a more expensive elder sibling of the Indigo and Indigo XL sedans, with petrol and diesel engines purchased from the Tata-Fiat manufacturing joint venture.
Sources said the company was now putting its focus behind the Zest sedan, which has been received well in the market. This model is the latest from Tata Motors, which is struggling to arrest a slide in its share of the passenger vehicle market.
Tata Motors’ immediate focus, however, is to streamline production of the Zest, as its customers currently have to wait for up to six months to receive the car. The automated manual transmission (AMT) version of the car, sold with a diesel engine, has an extended waiting period because of problems in procurement of AMT kits.
A spokesperson for Tata Motors said: “The Manza and the Zest address two completely different segments. At present, we do not have any announcement for phase-out of any product.”
 

India s $3-bn investment might be gamechanger for NepalIndia's $3-billion investment might be gamechanger for Nepal
Anil Giri     Kathmandu   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 13:38 IST
Picture for representation purpose only. (Source: Reuters)
Within just six months at the helm, Prime Minister Narendra Modi injected over $3 billion of investments into Nepal , a possible gamechanger in Nepal-India relations that may entirely change the economic landscape of the Himalayan nation.
The two sides recently reached three agreements - two in the energy sector and one on country's line of credit - and another landmark power trade agreement. Tapping Nepal's hydropower resources is a major focus in the deals signed.
Mired by decades-long armed conflict that totally devastated Nepal's economy, the size of which is a mere $62.384 billion, the Himalayan nation needs huge investments in infrastructure development, fighting poverty alleviation and illiteracy and food security.
The latest Indian initiative under Modi started with the signing of the project development agreement on September 19 of the 900 MW Upper Karnali hydropower project in west Nepal between Investment Board Nepal and country's GMR-ITD Consortium.
The second and third were country's soft loans of $1 billion for various Nepali infrastructure projects and the project development agreement of Arun III between the Investment Board Nepal and Satluj Jal Vidyut Nigam of India on the sidelines of the 18th SAARC summit in Katmandu last week.
Both Upper Karnali and Arun III will have a generation capacity of 900 MW each and the projects will cost over $2.4 billion at present market rate. This is probably the biggest investment coming in Nepal within a short span of time from one country.
This has also rekindled hopes that the much touted and ambitious Pancheshwar Multipurpose Project, which was initially signed some 17 years ago between Nepal and India, is all set to take off.
The 6,720-MW project will cost over $6 billion and the two sides are ready to set up the Pancheshwar Development Authority within a couple of months.
While inaugurating the India-funded trauma centre in Kathmandu November 25, the country's prime minister thanked the prime minister of Nepal, the political parties and officers of Nepal for removing obstacles and speeding up work which had been held up for the last 25 to 30 years. He said he felty satisfied because "a happy Nepal gives India a reason to smile".
Nepal and India have been discussing building the Upper Karnali project for 30 years and Arun III for six years.
"It is only possible due to the charismatic leadership of Modi," Chirinjivi Nepal, economic advisor to Nepal Prime Minister Sushil Koirala, told IANS.
With the signing of the power trade agreement with India and two project development agreements with GMR and Satluj, many foreign investors are keen to invest in Nepal's hydropower sector, the obvious market of which is India, said Nepal.
The wavelength between Modi and Koirala also played a very crucial role to move ahead, he said.
Apart from these projects, several other pending projects between Nepal and India are moving ahead, giving bilateral relations a fresh impetus.
There have been positive reactions from civil society, political fraternity and media since Modi started taking a "lead neighbourhood first" in his foreign policy mantra.
A recent editorial in The Kathmandu Post stated: "The August (2014) visit, the first by an Indian prime minister in 17 years, proved effective in getting rid of the resentments that had accumulated over the last decade, and in establishing a foundation for greater economic cooperation. Modi is expected to take up where he left off last time."
But, the daily stated, the question was whether the hardcore anti-India nationalism prevailing in some political classes in Nepal would let these projects go ahead because the hardliner Maoist faction has been upping the ante against the Upper Karnali and Arun III.
"There is no chance to look back. We are waiting for more good from India. Regression is over," Nepal said.
(IANS)

Uproar in Parliament over controversial remarks by ministersUproar in Parliament over controversial remarks by ministers
Uproar in Parliament over controversial remarks by ministers
Several Congress and Trinamool Congress members rushed to the Well shouting slogans.
http://www.indiainfoline.com/article/news-top-story/uproar-in-parliament-over-controversial-remarks-by-ministers-114120200128_1.html
December 02, 2014 12:24 IST
http://content.indiainfoline.com/_media/iifl/img/article/default/glo_news.jpg
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
Money matters for Newly Weds
India Infoline News Service / 11:47, Dec 12, 2014
Stepping into a new life comes with a multitude of responsibilities Therefore, it is important to include your spouse in your monetary affairs at the earliest in order to be on common grounds financially.
Tuesday, 16 December 2014 23:29 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Niranjan Jyoti expresses regret  says ready to apologise for her haramzadon remark; Giriraj skips RajyaSabhaBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 12:29 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 9:10 pm
Union Minister Niranjan Jyoti on Tuesday expressed regret over her controversial remark and said that she is ready to apologise in Rajya Sabha.
Earlier in the day, Parliament witnessed uproar  over alleged controversial remarks made by Union Ministers Niranjan Jyoti and Giriraj Singh, with opposition forcing brief adjournments of both the Houses.
READ: Ramzada vs haramzada: Outrage over Union Minister Sadhvi’s remark
As soon as Lok Sabha met for the day, Leader of Congress Mallikarjun Kharge reminded Speaker Sumitra Mahajan of the adjournment notices given by him and his party colleagues over the reported statements of the two ministers.
The Speaker rejected the notices saying though the matter is of urgent importance, the business of the day cannot be allowed to be disrupted. She, however, suggested that members can raise the issue during Zero Hour.
Kharge said the “objectionable” language used by Jyoti has created tension at a time when there have been communal riots.
Several Congress and Trinamool Congress members rushed to the Well shouting slogans.
Congress members were heard demanding apology from Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The issue being raised by Trinamool Congress could not, however, be heard in the din.
Though the House took up two questions during Question Hour, the continuous pandemonium forced Mahajan to adjourn the House for 15 minutes till 11.30 AM.
While Jyoti was present in the Lok Sabha, Giriraj Singh could not be seen.
Giriraj Singh. (Source: PTI photo/file)
Both the ministers had made certain controversial statements on Monday.
As soon as Rajya Sabha met for the day, Congress members stood up waving papers and shouting “shame, shame” and demanded sacking of the concerned ministers.
Amidst the din, several members demanded that Prime Minister Narendra Modi should be present in the House.
Congress leader Anand Sharma said, “Kindly request the country’s Prime Minister Narendra Modi to come to the House. We are concerned about his whereabouts.”
Other parties too took potshots, with TMC member Derek O’Brien saying, “Please grant a visa to the Prime Minister of India to come to the Rajya Sabha.”
“Forget bringing black money from abroad, bring back the PM,” CPI(M) leader Sitaram Yechury said terming the issue as “very serious”.
Joining the attack on the government, BSP chief Mayawati demanded that the woman minister concerned should be sacked for use of such “objectionable” language which is contrary to the spirit of secularism enshrined in the Constitution.
“A high-level probe should be initiated in to the matter and an FIR should be lodged,” she said.
Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said the government was ready to hold a discussion on the issue provided it raised as per rules.
“We respect the sanctity of language and which should not be violated by any side. Congress minister have been using such language in the past…We do not justify such language, wherever it emanates from,” Naqvi said.
Deputy Chairman P J Kurien, who was in the Chair, said the matter continued…

India s overweight position in all emerging market funds is at an all-time high: StanCmarket news
(Profit taking is a very strong…)
In a chat with ET Now, Rahul Singh, Head of Research, Standard Chartered Securities, shares his views on the market, some sectors as well as his macroeconomic outlook. Excerpts:
ET Now: At a time like this, where does the pure exporter play actually or rather defensive play line up? What happens to IT as well as pharmaceuticals?
Rahul Singh: Profit taking is a very strong statement because if you look at within the emerging market universe, the scarcity premium for India has increased. So nobody wants to sell India ahead of time and the overweight position on India in all the emerging market funds is at an all-time high. There could be some churn, some switches within the sectors, but come next year, you could see some new incremental flows coming into India.
I do not think necessarily the cyclical rally will be at the expense of defensives, but in terms of relative outperformance, I expect cyclicals to remain strong and outperform the market till at least the Union Budget. Post the Union Budget, when the expectations would be at their highest, the market would start asking tough questions on earnings and macro recovery.
ET Now: So, in light of the fact that you guys at Standard Chartered believe that flows will favour India within Asia and within the globe at large too, what is the near-term target that you would have on the index?
Rahul Singh: Correction of one-week, two-week can always happen at any point of time. Over the next two to three months, the bias will be upwards. There will be volatility because some of the macro parameters are also volatile. Crude prices could bounce around in the next one quarter because the market is yet to figure out what these lower oil prices mean for the incremental supply and till that happens, crude will remain volatile too.
  ET Now: Let me just talk about the industrial pack. What is happening there because if you speak to most corporates or even if you look at the credit off take really, we have not seen that happening despite the real market rates already down over the course of the last three months. Is the revival in sight soon?
Rahul Singh: The companies are optimistic. There has not been any real sign of revival in the capex, but there are some green shoots. For example, the good work which was done by the project monitoring group, which ironically was set up by the previous government, is beginning to show some results at least as far as the state sector projects are concerned.
The capex lift from the private sector is going to probably take time. So in the interim, we have to depend upon the state sector capex as well as some revival in the infrastructure sectors, which are driven by the government organisations which do not have as much of a balance sheet problem as the private sectors. For example, NHAI. Therefore, it will be a gradual pick up, but will the market take it negatively? I do not think so. These issues are now well-understood and well-recognised by anyone who is investing.
With incremental improvements and if the rate cycle does turn downwards in the first half of next year, you could see FY16 as the year when you could start to see order inflow back up again for some of these infrastructure companies and maybe cement demand also picks up. So we remain optimistic.
ET Now: How do you approach the crude cool off beneficiaries now? I want to first talk about the entire OMC play. While HP, BP, IOC have done what they have done, there is also ONGC which has a big overhang of its FPO. What is the sense that you are getting about how one should approach this sector now?
Rahul Singh: The oil and gas sector has become trickier. It was much clearer story about six-seven months back, but the issue here is that the subsidy sharing regime for the upstream is still to be clarified by the government. They are working on it, but the crude volatility is also keeping them guessing at this point of time. Therefore, that is a big trigger for ONGC to go one way or the other.
The chances are that the government will come out with a very transparent subsidy sharing regime and that will be taken positively by the market. But what that regime is and how much does ONGC bear versus oil marketing companies and versus the government is now the key variable to look at.
The other thing which we have not seen yet from the government and which could be a further upside to this sector is what they do with the LPG subsidies? There have been a lot of news reports suggesting that the direct benefit transfer scheme is going to be implemented again from March 31st. So if they actually have a systematic plan to reduce the LPG subsidies, which now is 60% of the remaining subsidies and 40% being kerosene, then that would also rub off positively on ONGC. So, all is not lost despite the low crude oil prices.
ET Now: What is the house view now on pharma? Almost everything has gone through the roof, but for maybe an Ipca, which is besieged with some problems, or a Sun Pharma, which is not technically a pure play pharma company, so to say. How do you approach this sector now?
Rahul Singh: We will be neutral at this stage because we have to fund our position on cyclicals through something. So we are not structurally negative on the sector. Over the next two to three months, there is more money to be made elsewhere and we would be neutral, we would not really venture out with an overweight position at this point of time.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Smartphone expansion cooling  prices dropping: SurveyEmerging markets like India will see much lower smartphone prices — USD 135 in 2014 and USD 102 by 2018.
Washington, Dec 2:  
The global smartphone market will see cooler growth in the next few years, amid “cutthroat” competition that will bring down prices for many consumers, a market tracker said today.
A forecast by the research firm IDC indicates smartphone sales of 1.5 billion units in 2015, a rise of 12.2 per cent from the current year’s estimate. That would mean growth falling by more than half from the 26 per cent pace of 2014.
The sluggish growth is likely to continue through 2018, IDC said, with the average increase over the period just 9.8 per cent.
Significantly, smartphone prices are likely to drop from an average selling price of USD 297 in 2014 to USD 241 by 2018.
Emerging markets like India will see much lower smartphone prices — USD 135 in 2014 and USD 102 by 2018.
Smartphone revenues “will be hard hit by the increasingly cutthroat nature of pricing,” growing just 4.2 per cent over the same forecast period, according to IDC.
“The impact of upstart Chinese players in the global market will be reflected in a race to the bottom when it comes to price,” IDC analyst Melissa Chau said.
“While premium phones aren’t going anywhere, we are seeing increasingly better specs in more affordable smartphones.
Consumers no longer have to go with a top-of-the-line handset to guarantee decent hardware quality or experience. The biggest question now is how much lower can prices go?”
Android will continue to rule
IDC said Google-powered Android devices will continue to dominate the market with 80 per cent of global smartphones and 61 per cent of revenues. Apple’s iPhones will represent 13 per cent of units sold and 34 per cent of revenues, the report said.
“As shipment volume slows, we expect greater attention to shift toward value trends,” said IDC’s Ramon Llamas.
“Apple’s approach with premium pricing ensures a growing portion of overall revenues despite its declining market share.”
Because of Android’s dominant position, IDC said new operating systems like Tizen and Firefox will have difficulty gaining a foothold and “must bring a radically different appeal to gain any significant traction,” IDC said.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Markets calm as RBI leaves rates unchangedMarkets calm as RBI leaves rates unchanged
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 02, 2014 12:04 PM IST
Shares saw a sanguine reaction to the Reserve Bank of India's decision to leave key rates unchanged during its policy review on Tuesday. Even though the BSE Sensex dipped 160 points, or 0.6 points immediately after the announcement, but it has since picked up and seems to be slowly moving up.
The BSE Sensex is currently trading at 28,426 down 0.5% after having touched a low of 28,386. The NSE Nifty has also slipped down 0.5% and is trading at 8,518.
However, the volatility index, India VIX, is down 2.8% to 12.8.
Bank stocks, where changes to the monetary policy are immediately reflected, also saw a sharp fall of over 1.2%. The banking index CNX Bank Nifty is at present trading at 18,456.
Analysts said that the market had been encouraged by dovish statements made by the RBI about a possible rate-cut early next year on the back of improving inflation and macro-economic data. Market participants now believe that the rate-cut is imminent in the first half of 2015.
"Markets are very happy with the outlook given by the RBI. The expectation is that there could be a rate-cut in February next year. The sharp run-up that we saw ahead of the RBI policy now means that the markets could see some correction in the near-term," said Sunil Jain, VP (equity research), Nirmal Bang Securities.
As per market participants, the Nifty and Sensex could see a dip of about 3-5% going forward. The Nifty could slip to about 8,150-8,200 levels, analysts said, while the BSE Sensex to go as low as.
Last week, markets had rallied over 1.2% on anticipation of a rate-cut as inflation had fallen to about 5% and the improvement in the GDP data to 5.3%, both better than market expectations. The BSE Sensex gained over 350 points taking the monthly gains to about 828 points. The Nifty has gained over 266 points.
The Bank Nifty had gained over 2.5% last week as bank stocks saw a sharp surge. But the rally played out more in the under-owned public sector banks than the private lenders. PSU banks like SBI, Bank of Baroda and Punjab National Bank climbed about 5-10%. Large private banks like HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank rose in the 2-3% range.
Among the Sensex 30, stocks of the metal and infrastructure sector were up. Sesa Sterlite and L&T were up about 1.2% each followed by telecom major, Bharti Airtel at 0.9%. NTPC and Hindalco were up over 0.8% each.

RBI signals rate cut next yearIndian central bank raises prospect of rate cut ‘early next year’
Victor Mallet and Avantika Chilkoti in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a8bc5a74-79ee-11e4-9b34-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RBI governor Raghuram Rajan keeps key rates unchanged; EMIs won t go down for nowNo EMI relief as RBI guv keeps rates intact
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Mumbai/New Delhi, December 02, 2014
First Published: 11:07 IST(2/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:29 IST(3/12/2014)
Comments
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Raghuram Rajan dashed expectations of the government, consumers and business leaders as he kept lending rates unchanged on Tuesday despite plunging inflation and mounting pressure to ease borrowing costs to aid a revival.
RBI governor Raghuram Rajan laughs while replying to a question during a news conference after the bi-monthly monetary policy review in Mumbai on Tuesday. (Reuters)
Unchanged interest rates would imply your home loan EMIs, which eat away large chunks of household incomes, are unlikely to fall anytime soon.
High loan rates could influence people’s decision to buy houses, cars and other consumer goods, mostly bought through loans.
The benchmark lending rate has remained unchanged since January last year, demonstrating the RBI governor’s unwavering commitment to keep inflation firmly bottled up for longer period of time,  before softening of the rather hawkish stance.
Budding revival signs in the broader economy and falling inflation rates had rekindled hopes that the RBI would lower loan rates to assist companies’ investment plans, critical to spin jobs and multiply income.
Rajan retained the repo rate -- the rate at which banks borrow from RBI -- at 8%, and kept the cash reserve ratio (CRR)-- the proportion of deposits banks to have to park with the central bank -- at 4%, in the bi-month monetary policy review.
Retail inflation eased in to a three-year low of 5.52% in October, below the central bank's target of 6% by 2016.
India’s wholesale inflation rate -- the main gauge to capture country-wide price movements -- has also plunged to a five-year low of 1.77% in October, triggering a chorus of demand for lower borrowing costs to boost investment and consumer spending.
The next monetary policy is scheduled for February 3, 2015, but Rajan did not rule out a rate revision outside of the policy calendar depending on future price movements.
“A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature. However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle,” Rajan said.
Analysts said the RBI governor could wait for cues to come from the next year’s Union budget in February before initiating any rate action.
Industry leaders have been ratcheting up their demand for cheaper loans with the government also hoping that the central bank would signal a reversal of its prolonged hawkish stance that some see as affecting capacity expansion plans.
According to experts low and stable interest rates are critical to fast-track roads, ports, airports, and railways projects to create jobs, raise non-farm incomes and catalyse large scale industrialisation across India.
Rajan, however, made it abundantly clear that the RBI would not change its stance until the central bank was convinced to have fully tamed inflation.
“The way to sustainable growth is to have low and stable inflation. We are talking of years of sustainable growth,” he said.
The RBI governor said that the key to a turnaround in the growth path of the economy in the second half of the year is a revival in investment activity –- in new as well as stalled projects –- supported by fiscal consolidation, stronger export performance and lower overall inflation.

Union minister Jyoti  regrets  controversial speech  offers apologyComments
Minister of state for food processing industries Niranjan Jyoti Tuesday tendered an apology in Parliament for using abusive language at an election campaign in Delhi but failed to douse the opposition fire even as the Bharatiya Janata Party Tuesday said the issue should not be stretched.
Minister of state for food processing industries Niranjan Jyoti used expletives while campaigning for the BJP in Delhi. (HT File Photo)
On Monday, Jyoti had said people of Delhi must decide if they wanted a government of Ramzaadon (followers of Ram) or a government of those who are illegitimate.
Union minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said in Rajya Sabha the government did not support Jyoti's remark, but he also asked the Opposition to "maintain decorum."
Naqvi said those in the government and the opposition should use dignified language and in the past UPA ministers too had crossed the line many times.
As Rajya Sabha session was adjourned for a third time, finance minister Arun Jaitley said Jyoti's comments were "improper and unacceptable".
He said since the minister had apologised and withdrawn her statement, "what happens outside isn't within domain of this House".
But BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra seemed to be defending her by saying it was a "slip of tongue" and the issue should not be politicised.
The saffron party also hit out at Congress, saying several of its leaders too have made objectionable remarks in the past.
"But have they ever been asked to resign? When did Congress sack them from the party? And they are called experienced leaders while Sadhvi Niranjan has become MP for the first time," UP BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpai said.
According to reports, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has asked party MPs to abstain from addressing the nation and also condemned the comments made by Jyoti.
Modi asked the MPs to avoid making uncalled for statements at the parliamentary board meeting held ahead of Parliament session on Tuesday.
Opposition demands resignation
The issue rocked both the Houses as agitated opposition MPs disrupted proceedings, seeking an explanation from the Prime Minister and demanding an apology from Jyoti, who joined the Narendra Modi's cabinet early last month.
The remarks drew the ire of Opposition which protested in Parliament following which Jyoti expressed "deep regret" and apologised for her actions saying she did not intend to hurt anyone's feelings.
"My intention was not to hurt anyone. If my speech outside the House has hurt anyone, I express my deep regrets," Jyoti said in Lok Sabha.
She said if certain words spoken by her outside the House have hurt someone, she is ready to take back her words and offer regrets. She also said she is ready to seek an apology.
The Opposition, however, refused to accept her apology and said she must resign or should be removed from her post.
Drama in House
As soon as Lok Sabha met for the day, Mallikarjun Kharge, leader of the Congress, took up the issue with Speaker Sumitra Mahajan.
Kharge said the "objectionable" language used by Jyoti had created tension at a time when there had been quite a few communal riots.
Several Congress and Trinamool Congress members, too, rushed to the Well, shouting slogans.
Both Houses saw brief adjournments over the protests, even as Mahajan cautioned all members to be mindful of their speech.
"The Prime Minister should give an explanation," Congress leader Anand Sharma said.
Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) supremo Mayawati said the minister's remarks were against the secular ethos espoused by the Constitution and do not behold a person occupying a constitutional post.
The BJP should sack her, she said.
Mayawati and CPI(M) MP Sitaram Yechury demanded that an FIR be filed against Jyoti.
The Congress alleged that Jyoti had insulted the people of Delhi and she should issue an apology while the Aam Aadmi Party said it was the BJP's real face.
"The divisive thinking and divisive politics of the BJP has been exposed," Congress leader Ambika Soni said.
Manish Sisodia of Aam Aadmi Party said, "This is the real character of BJP. Their language shows what kind of work they are doing at the Centre and what kind of work they will do for Delhi."
Members of Congress, TMC, SP and other opposition parties rushed to the Well during the uproar over her remarks leading to four adjournments in Rajya Sabha and one in Lok Sabha during pre-lunch sitting.
Later, outside Parliament, the minister was asked about demands for her resignation.
"I have apologised and I have nothing else to say," she replied.
Following the controversy, Jyoti said, "I did not take name of any particular individual, community or party. I was talking about separatist parties and leaders who think of dividing the country..."
She later clarified her statement was for those who didn't believe in Ram and unified India, adding her remarks must not be given any communal overtone.
"Those who have sold the country, made it bankrupt, people will not voter for such people. Is it a crime to talk about Ram? How can talking about Ram be communal?"
"Muslims offer namaz in mosques, we do no object. Christians pray in churches, we do not object. Then talking about Ram should not be termed as communal. And those who call me communal, I would say what could be more communal than this."
"Do you want a government of people who believe in Ram, a government that believes in people. And i would like to say one more thing, be it Hindu or a Christian in the country, he is an offspring of Ram. And those who refuse to believe this, will never believe in this country also," she said.
Jyoti is credited with helping the ruling BJP make inroads among the Dalit and backward classes in the politically crucial state of Uttar Pradesh.
She is among the six BJP MPs drafted into the party's campaign for the Delhi polls due early next year.
( With PTI inputs)

Rajnath in Chhattisgarh today  but won t visit Maoist ambush siteRajnath vows to continue the fight against Maoists
HT COrrespondent , Hindustan Times  Raipur, December 02, 2014
First Published: 10:04 IST(2/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:59 IST(3/12/2014)
Comments
A day after the attack in Sukma, Union home minister Rajnath Singh cited the Maoist problem as a national challenge and expressed the need to review the ongoing strategic steps and existing security situation. 
CRPF personnel, injured in the Maoist attack in Sukma on Monday are treated in a hospital in Jagdalpur. (HT Photo)
During his visit to Raipur on Tuesday, the home minister said, “We have to put a united fight against such challenge. We will review and take all strategic steps to deal with the Maoist problem and our fight will continue”. He will make a sou moto statement in Parliament on Wednesday on the attacks.
According to sources, the Maoists managed to carry off more than a dozen sophisticated weapons of security personnel from the Monday’s encounter site, including about 10 AK 47/56 rifles, one self-loading rifle, an INSAS rifle and about 400 rounds of ammunition in the gunfight.
Preliminary reports suggest that more than a dozen Maoists also died in the encounter.
Singh paid homage to the CRPF personnel who were killed in Maoist encounter near Chintagufa on Monday. He also visited critically injured jawans in the hospital.
HT reported on Tuesday that the IAF failed to send choppers after the encounter. The IAF in its rejoinder sent to HT clarified that the helicopters were sent as soon as clearance was given as per the ministry of home affairs (MHA) and IAF joint procedures. IAF maintained that the area must be sanitized before the chopper lands there. The sources said the helicopters were not launched as they could have been targeted if the area had not been sanitised.
The IAF has assigned six Mi-17 choppers to support the state and central police forces engaged in anti-naxal operations in Chattisgarh and Jharkand. 
The home minister declared that the families of those killed in the attack will get `38 lakhs while injured personnel would be given Rs65,000 besides free medical treatment.
After arriving in Raipur, Singh held a high level meeting of the senior officials of the state police, CPRF, intelligence and top bureaucrats at Rajbhawan and reviewed the situation. Chief minister Raman Singh and the state home minister Ram Sewak Paikra also attended the meeting. The union home minister’s plan to visit Bastar was shelved.

EURINR likely to trade on negative note: Sushil FinanceLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
EURINR likely to trade on negative note: Sushil Finance
According to Sushil Finance, EURINR is likely to trade on the negative note on the back of weak economic data from the Eurozone.
Post your opinion here
Sushil Finance's report on rupee
EURINR
Euro zone manufacturing growth stalled in November and new orders fell at the fastest pace in 19 months despite heavy price cutting, painting a bleak picture for the coming months, a survey showed on Monday.
German manufacturing activity shrank in November at the fastest rate in 17 months, a survey showed on Monday, denting hopes for a pickup in Europe's largest economy after it narrowly avoided recession in the third quarter.
The European Central Bank bought 368 million euros ($459.41 million) worth of asset-backed securites (ABS) over the last week, beginning with a trickle a new purchase scheme it wants to help revive the euro zone economy.
Outlook
We expect EURINR to trade on the negative note on the back of weak economic data from the Eurozone.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Here are Manas Jaiswal s top trading ideasLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here are Manas Jaiswal's top trading ideas
Watch the interview of Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com with Ekta Batra & Anuj Singhal on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his readings and outlook on market and specific stocks.
Post your opinion here
Watch the interview of Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com with Ekta Batra & Anuj Singhal on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his readings and outlook on market and specific stocks.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Manas Jaiswal's interview with CNBC-TV18.
Many public sector undertakings (PSU) banking stocks are showing strength today
but I have chosen Allahabad Bank  because it is making inverse head and shoulder pattern on a daily chart. The neckline is placed at Rs 127. Looking at the pattern it seems it can break the neckline.
If it breaks the neckline then it can come up around Rs 145 but the short-term target should be Rs 127. It can achieve this short-term trading target in next two to three trading sessions. So one can buy it with a stoploss at Rs 118.
Wockhardt  is making higher-tops and higher-bottoms from the level of Rs 740 and
today it has broken its September high of Rs 885 with very good volumes. On the weekly chart it is still making higher-tops and higher-bottoms on the long-term chart. So, the stock can test Rs 950 which is our short-term target, stoploss should be Rs 880.
RELATED NEWS

Shree Global Tradefin s director Y. S. Vasudevan resignsDec 02, 2014, 12.57 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Shree Global Tradefin's director Y. S. Vasudevan resigns
Shree Global Tradefin Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has received a letter from Shri Y. S. Vasudevan, Independent Director informing about his resignation from the directorship of the Company w.e.f. November 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Shree Global Tradefin's director Y. S. Vasudevan resigns
Shree Global Tradefin Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has received a letter from Shri Y. S. Vasudevan, Independent Director informing about his resignation from the directorship of the Company w.e.f. November 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Shree Global Tradefin Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has received a letter from Shri Y. S. Vasudevan, Independent Director informing about his resignation from the directorship of the Company w.e.f. November 30, 2014.Source : BSE

Sensex volatile  Nifty still below 8550; MM slips 3%Sensex volatile  Nifty still below 8550; MM slips 3%
Intex Aqua Power: Budget Smartphone with 4000 mAh Battery Launched in India; PriIntex Aqua Power: Budget Smartphone with 4000 mAh Battery Launched in India; Pri
Crude palm oil futures rebound 0.59% on pick-up in demandCrude palm oil futures rebound 0.59% on pick-up in demand
Top10 stocks to focus on December 2Top10 stocks to focus on December 2
Infosys Goes Ex-Bonus  Shares Fall Over 2%Infosys Goes Ex-Bonus  Shares Fall Over 2%
BJP minister apologises after PM Modi s warningBJP minister apologises after PM Modi s warning
PM Narendra Modi not above criticism  says PMK founder S RamadosPM Narendra Modi not above criticism  says PMK founder S Ramados
India s inflation close to post-GFC lows  says NomuraIndia s inflation close to post-GFC lows  says Nomura
Coal India: Updates on provisional production for November 14Dec 02, 2014, 01.16 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Coal India: Updates on provisional production for November 14
Coal India Ltd has informed BSE regarding Provisional Production and Offtake Performance of CIL and Subsidiary Companies for the month of Nov'14 and for Apr'14-Nov'14.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Coal India: Updates on provisional production for November 14
Coal India Ltd has informed BSE regarding Provisional Production and Offtake Performance of CIL and Subsidiary Companies for the month of Nov'14 and for Apr'14-Nov'14.
Post your opinion here
 
Coal India Ltd has informed BSE regarding "Provisional Production and Offtake Performance of CIL and Subsidiary Companies for the month of Nov'14 and for Apr'14-Nov'14".Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Markets live: Sensex sheds 117 points; Auto  IT stocks skidMarkets live: Sensex sheds 116 points on profit-taking; IT, auto stocks skid
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 2:  
3.30 pmIndian equity markets fell for a second consecutive session on Tuesday, as software services exporters declined on rupee's strength and as investors booked profits after the central bank kept interest rates unchanged, although it signalled potential rate cuts by early 2015.
The Sensex fell 115.61 points or 0.4 per cent to 28,444.01 and the Nifty ended down by 31.2 points or 0.36 per cent at 8,524.70.
Rupee up The rupee was trading strong at 61.87
Sectoral indices IT and auto indices fell the most by 1.48 per cent and 1.05 per cent, respectively, followed by TECk 0.93 per cent and oil & gas 0.66 per cent.
Metal and healthcare indices were the star-performers and were up 1.2 per cent and 0.94 per cent, respectively, followed by capital goods 0.73 per cent and FMCG 0.65 per cent..
BSE gainers, losers Hindalco (2.51%), Bharti Airtel (1.81%), L&T (1.12%), SSLT (1.1%) and ICICI Bank (0.74%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were GAIL (2.85%), M&M (2.36%), Infosys (2.18%), HDFC (1.51%) and TCS (1.38%).
Is the global economy heading for a slowdown? China’s PMI tumbles, factory output has slowed even in France and Germany in November...
— Rajalakshmi Nirmal (@crajalakshmic) December 2, 2014
3.04 pmThe Sensex and the Nifty were trading lower by nearly 0.3 per cent at the pre-close session amid firm global cues.
The Sensex was trading down by 95.28 points at 28,464.34 and the Nifty was trading lower by 21.95 points at 8,533.95.
Sectoral indices IT and auto indices fell the most by 1.35 per cent and 1.00 per cent, respectively, followed by TECk 0.82 per cent and oil & gas 0.71 per cent.
Metal and healthcare indices were the star-performers and were up 1.29 per cent and 0.92 per cent, respectively, followed by capital goods 0.72 per cent and FMCG 0.68 per cent..
BSE gainers, losers Hindalco (2.12%), Bharti Airtel (1.87%), SSLT (1.15%), L&T (1.01%) and Sun Pharma (0.8%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were GAIL (3.15%), M&M (2.23%), Infosys (2.11%), Bajaj Auto (1.53%) and HDFC (-1.41%).
The Nifty call Go short with stop-loss at 8,590
European markets European stocks rose amid an increase in M&A and as investors weighed stimulus prospects ahead of the European Central Bank meeting this week.
Stoxx 50 was up 19.16 points or 0.59 per cent at 3,252.07 and FTSE 100 rose 76.39 points or 1.15 per cent to 6,732.76.
2.15 pmProfit-taking by funds and retail investors led the Sensex and the Nifty trade lower by nearly 0.3 per cent.
The BSE benchmark Sensex was trading at 28,477.96, down 81.66 points and the NSE index Nifty was trading at 8,531.50, down 24.4 points.
Sectoral indices IT and auto indices fell the most by 1.1 per cent and 1.08 per cent, respectively, followed by TECk 0.71 per cent and oil & gas 0.31 per cent.
Metal and healthcare indices were the star-performers and were up 1.29 per cent and 1.24 per cent, respectively.
BSE gainers, losers Hindalco (+2.27%), SSLT (+1.72%), L&T (+1.46%), Bharti Airtel (+1.28%) Sun Pharma (+1.19%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were M&M (-2.32%), Infosys (-1.93%), GAIL (-1.67%), Bajaj Auto (-1.61%) and Tata Motors (-1.05%).
Oil retailers down Stocks of oil retailing companies were down by nearly 3 per cent as the Government has hiked the excise duty on petrol by Rs. 2.25 a litre, and on diesel by Rs. 1 a litre effective tonight.
Excise duty hiked Petrol, diesel excise duty hiked
European stocks rose amid an increase in M&A and as investors weighed stimulus prospects ahead of the European Central Bank meeting this week.
1.42 pmThe Sensex and the Nifty were trading down by nearly 0.5 per cent due to profit-taking in blue-chips amid firm global cues.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex was trading down by 125.98 points at 28,433.64 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty was trading lower by 38.95 points at 8,516.95.
Sectoral indices IT and auto indices fell the most by 1.13 per cent, followed by TECk 0.7 per cent and consumer durables 0.38 per cent. Metal (+1.15%), healthcare (+0.95%) and capital goods (+0.55%) indices remained investors' favourite.
BSE gainers, losers SSLT (+1.79%), Hindalco (+1.56%), Bharti Airtel (+1.26%), L&T (+1.06%) and Tata Steel (+0.95%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were M&M (-2.71%), Infosys (-1.79%), Bajaj Auto (-1.53%), Tata Steel (-1.27%) and HDFC (-1.22%).
12.40 pmThe Nifty and the Sensex were trading down by over 0.4 per cent. The Nifty was trading at 8,522, down 34 points, and the Sensex at 28,443, down 117 points.
Volatility Index, India Vix was at 13.06, down 1.06 per cent.
Sectoral indices such as auto, finance, IT, realty and services were in the red.
Top five gainers on the Nifty were JIndal Steel, NMDC, Cairn India, Sesa Sterlite and PNB.
European indices, FTSE-100, CAC-40 and DAX were in the red.
12.16 pmThe Sensex and the Nifty were trading down by nearly 0.4 per cent on heavy selling in auto, IT and TECk stocks despite firm global cues.
The BSE benchmark Sensex fell 120.76 points to trade at 28,438.86 and the NSE index Nifty moved down by 34.89 points at 8,521.10.
Trading was highly volatile despite RBI announcing that it would cut interest rates early next year.
According to Monetary Policy, Threats to infl. from poor north-east monsoon, removal of base effect and changes in cmdty prices remain.
— lokeshwarri sk (@lokeshwarri) December 2, 2014
Sectoral indices Auto index fell the most by 1.17 per cent, followed by IT 0.93 per cent and TECk 0.6 per cent, while metal (0.62 per cent), capital goods (0.6 per cent) and healthcare (0.56 per cent) indices remained investors' favourite.

European Parliament resolution suggests Google break-upEuropean Parliament resolution could lead to break-up of Google, other internet companies
Raf Casert     Brussels   Last Updated: November 28, 2014  | 13:36 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
A practice that could, in theory, lead to the break-up of internet giants like Google may be in offing after the European parliament on Thursday approved a non-binding resolution that calls for the unbundling of search engines from other services that internet companies offer.
The resolution is a largely symbolic protest vote without immediate impact. However, it was approved with a large majority - 384 votes to 174, with 56 abstentions - showing widespread political backing.
EU Digital Economy Commissioner Guenther Oettinger underscored the resolution was "an important expression of opinion" but he added the EU was far from tearing digital multinationals apart.
"I don't think, at the end of the day, that the breaking up as such is what we can expect," Oettinger said. "Rather we are talking about the consistent and correct implementation of EU legislation to ensure that the interests" of EU businesses and consumers are maintained.
European Union institutions are piling pressure on Google to change the way it operates its business and applies EU rules.
EU antitrust authorities are currently investigating the internet giant to see whether it is abusing its leader-position following allegations it is biased in linking search results to its own services.
Competitors in Europe, where Google has an Internet search market share of about 90 per cent, have complained about the way the US-based company gives preference to its own Google-branded services at the top of search result pages, especially when consumers are likely to be searching for something to buy.
The EU Commission made it clear that the resolution will not have an impact on the investigation into the search engine.
On Wednesday, an EU data protection group advised that "the right to be forgotten" rule - which requires Google to delete upon request information that unfairly tarnishes an individual's reputation - should be expanded to the general .com domains.
The removal of search results currently applies to Google's local search pages covering the EU's 28 member nations and four other European countries, encompassing more than 500 million people. Those who switch to the firm's American domain, Google.com, can find unaltered search results.
(AP)

Oil prices headed for further correctionUpdated: November 28, 2014 23:08 IST
Oil prices headed for further correction
Lalatendu Mishra
oil and gas - downstream activities
‘The demand for oil has remained the same’
Petroleum product prices are headed for further correction after the Organiztion of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) decided not to resort to output cut to revive falling Brent crude prices.
According to experts, petrol and diesel prices may come down by Rs.2 a litre as the Indian basket price is different and is higher than spot prices.
A sharp division among the oil cartel members augurs well for emerging countries like India for at least the next 6 months when OPEC would meet again to take a call on restricting production.
After the proposal to cut production by 1 million barrels a day was rejected, Brent crude prices plunged to four-year low of around $71 a barrel.
The impact could be much more in the coming days and in the December-January period when fund houses would reduce their exposure to underperforming commodity assets and allocate funds to high yielding equities, said analysts.
“Most OPEC members decided against production cut to protect their market share. They have deep pockets to afford a price as low as $67 a barrel. Even if the sales realisation comes, down OPEC members like Saudi Arabia, Iraq, Iran and Libya have the longest holding power to continue production.
“OPEC wants the global economy to recover and then they can cut production to dictate prices at a later stage,” said commodity expert Vijay Bhambwani, CEO, BSPL India.com.
“Despite the fall in prices, the demand for oil has remained the same and, thus, there is little scope for improvement in prices. The next two months are crucial when big fund houses like Morgan Stanley will give direction to their fund allocation. Most likely they will reduce their exposure to commodities, an underperformer, and the real impact can be seen then. The price correction is still not over, there is much more left to be seen.
“The rebalancing in portfolio allocation is expected to bring down prices to $60 a barrel,” said Nitin Nachnani, Research Analyst, Geofin Comtrade.
“Brent is expected to touch $60 in six months or so, although few analysts are calling it to reach the level in the next two to three months. By retaining the quota, OPEC has put the onus of supply management onto non-OPEC oil producing countries,” said Aviral Gupta, investment strategist, Mynte Advisors.

Imran Khan threatens to  shut down  Pakistan by Dec 16By: Press Trust of India | Islamabad |
Posted: December 1, 2014 10:38 am | Updated: December 1, 2014 3:52 pm
Pakistan’s opposition leader Imran Khan on Sunday threatened to “shut down” the entire country by December 16 if the Nawaz Sharif Government failed to initiate an impartial probe into the alleged rigging in 2013 general elections.
The Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf (PTI) chief, in a rally here outside the Parliament, said that his protest will continue till the government initiate an inquiry into the “massive rigging” in last year’s general elections, which saw Sharif’s Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) win by a landslide.
“The ball is in your court, Nawaz Sharif — do your talks, do your investigations and solve the issue. We will close Pakistan down when December 16 comes, and what I do after that you will not be able to bear it…It has been 109 days and Naya Pakistan is waking up every day. We can all see it,” Khan was quoted as saying by Dawn.
“On Thursday (December 4), I will go to Lahore and shut it down. On December 8 I will shut down Faisalabad, on December 12 I will go to Karachi and shut it down. By December 16 I will shut down all of Pakistan if the poll inquiry is not initiated,” Khan said.
The cricketer-turned-politician has been holding protest-rallies in different cities to spread his movement, demanding a probe into the allegations of rigging the election.
Khan had launched his protest in mid-August, demanding Sharif’s ouster, but he later withdrew his main demand of the Prime Minister’s resignation ahead of the probe and offered the government to constitute a judicial commission comprising Supreme Court judges, ISI and Military Intelligence officials, to investigate the reported rigging.
December 16 is considered as a tragic day in the history of Pakistan as the country lost its eastern wing after a war with India when its army surrendered and Bangladesh emerged as an independent country.
The PTI leader said that if his demand for the impartial inquiry of the elections was not met, he would make the functioning of government “impossible”.
He alleged that the Nawaz Sahrif government is promoting corruption and politics of patronage.
Meanwhile, the Prime Minister’s spokesman, Mussadik Malik said that it was “unfortunate” that Khan had threatened to “shut down” the country.
“What he want to achieve through it. I urge him to leave the politics of agitation and enter into a meaningful dialogue to achieve his objectives,” he said.
Minister for Railways Saad Rafiq said such announcements cannot be made by a patriotic person.
“Imran wants to spread anarchy and derail democracy in the disguise of bringing true democracy,” he said.

Accountability and autonomyUpdated: December 1, 2014 00:24 IST
Accountability and autonomy
sport
Sports have been dominated by business interests in recent decades, and big money and glamour often attract businessmen, politicians and assorted characters into sports administration. The entry of controversy into cricket administration in India and questions being raised about its accountability to the public and its large fan base are, therefore, hardly surprising. As the Indian cricket board is the richest national body in the game, it is only to be expected that there will be considerable public interest around the running of its main money-spinner, the lucrative Indian Premier League . On the one hand, the IPL is a sub-committee of the Board of Control for Cricket in India, but on the other, the BCCI’s president also owns a league team in the IPL. The BCCI is a registered society with State cricket associations affiliated to it. And the one who commands the maximum support among these State associations invariably gets to run the BCCI. In other words, it is a cosy club of mutual interests, and the IPL cannot be expected to be any different. Even though the BCCI is a private and autonomous body, it is what it is today only because of the great public support that cricket commands.
The big question that confronts one in the wake of the IPL betting and spot-fixing scandal is this: how does one ensure accountability of national sporting bodies without jeopardising their autonomy? A specific regulatory framework may appear to be the most obvious answer as general laws governing societies and other associations have proved unequal to the task. The previous United Progressive Alliance regime had prepared a draft ‘National Sports Development Bill’. Among its aims was the “promotion of ethical practices in sports.” It talked about national sports federations to run every sport with official recognition. A legislative framework that is not sensitive enough to the need for autonomy in sports bodies would be seen as needless interference going against the spirit of sports. The experience of cash-rich sporting bodies elsewhere is not enough of a guide. The National Football League in the U.S., for instance, is a not-for-profit body, but the National Basketball Association is run on purely commercial lines. In England, there has been headway in clubs giving some say in their management to supporters and shareholders. The opportunity presented by the current IPL controversy to cleanse cricket in India is extraordinary. The best way to make use of it is to put in place a mechanism that would enhance public trust and accountability while retaining the autonomy necessary to ensure the highest competitive standards in the game. Clearly, a great deal will depend on the calibre of men entrusted with the tasks of governance.

NSE Nifty hits new peak; BSE Sensex tradeshigherHindalco Industries shares plunge on special court's orders
The NSE Nifty rose 34.75 points to hit a new peak of 8,623.00 and the benchmark BSE Sensex gained over 115 points to 28,693.99 in late morning deals after the country’s manufacturing output accelerated in November at the quickest pace in nearly two years.
Besides, hopes of rate cuts by the RBI in its monetary policy review tomorrow also influenced the market sentiment.
The Nifty soared to a new high of 8,623.00, surpassing its earlier record of 8,617 touched on November 28, as the buying activity gathered momentum on the back of better-than-expected GDP data of 5.3 per cent in the July-September quarter.
Buying was witnessed in banking, auto, FMCG, healthcare and IT sectors supported by shares from midcap and smallcap companies.
The 30-share Sensex rose by 115.65 points, or 0.40 per cent, to 28,809.64 after touching a low of 28,672.73.
Similarly, the NSE 50-share barometer climbed by 34.75 points, or 0.40 per cent, to trade at a new life-time high of 8,623.00, breaching previous high of 8,617 reached on November 28.
Meanwhile, the headline HSBC India Purchasing Managers’ Index (PMI) — a composite gauge designed to give a single-figure snapshot of manufacturing business conditions — stood at 53.3 in November significantly higher from 51.6 in October.
Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 935.86 crore last Friday, as per provisional data.
Asian stocks traded mostly lower today as Chinese manufacturing gauge dropped, American holiday spending slowed and oil tumbled to a five-year low.
Asian bourses of Singapore, Taiwan, Japan, Indonesia and South Korea fell by 0.47 pct to 1.8 pct. While the key indices in China and Hong Kong rose 0.73 pct to 0.87 pct.
TAGS: BSE Sensex
More from indianmarkets
Stocks tumble, Rupee at 13-month low as crude crashes BSE Sensex today recorded its worst single day fall of 538.12 points in 16 months to end day's trade below 27,000...

Govt committed to develope ports to boost infrastructure and trade: Maha CMBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 1, 2014 8:45 pm
The chief minister Devendra Fadnavis on Monday gave the nod for the Rs. 775 crore railway line project which connects Jaigad Port with Konkan Railway through a public and private partnership to boost infrastructure and industries in Raigad district of Maharashtra.
The chief minister signed a memorandum of understanding with the Jaigad Port Company Private Limited and Konkan Railway for the 34 km railway tracks with the total cost of Rs 775.
Fadnavis said, “The port development will not only boost the trade but also go a long way in development of the infrastructure in the region. It would also provide new opportunities to the locals in employment.”
The state and centre are working in tandem to promote the developments of ports through PPP model in Maharashtra. At present the Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust (JNPT) is already overloaded. The state government reckons there is a need to provide alternative to decongest the existing ports.
The project which is expected to complete in 24 months will boost the port activities and develop infrastructure in the Konkan region. The
chief minister said, “ The railway connectivity with the Jaigad Port will boost the import and export of goods which often is languishing
for months in absence of connectivity.” The stake holders in the project are Konkan Railways (26% equity), Maritime Board (11% ) and Jaigad Port Pvt Limited (63%).
Another multi-purposes project worth Rs 1000 crore Karanja Port Terminal in district Raigad was also launched on Monday. The project
which is also being promoted through public private partnership between Karanja Terminal and Logistic Pvt Limited and Maritime Board
is expected to complete in two years.

Dhaka land swap dealfrontpage/story...    Cached
New Delhi, Oct. 1: The BJP has rejected the Indo-Bangla land-swap deal on the grounds that it ignores the “feelings and sentiments” of the people of Assam and ...

Rohtak sisters honouredsisters-who...honoured...    Cached
Rohtak: In a mobile phone video that is now viral, two young girls are seen thrashing men on a bus, as other commuters just watch. They get some blows in ...

Sunny Leone Kuch Kuch Locha Haifeatures/type/view/id/7548    Cached
While we all were well aware of the fact that Sunny Leone is all set to romance Ram Kapoor in their next titled Kuch Kuch Locha Hai, we have come to know that yet ...

Nato offers resources to fight IsisNato offers resources in fight against Isis
Sam Jones, Defence and Security Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aaa14400-796f-11e4-a57d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil currencies  let them fall© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/cfe7ea96-794e-11e4-a57d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gold Dips After Overnight Surge  But Holds Above $1 200You are here: Home Commodities
Gold Dips After Overnight Surge, But Holds Above $1,200
Reuters | Updated On: December 02, 2014 07:55 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Singapore: Gold slipped on Tuesday but retained most of the gains from its biggest daily jump in a year the day before as a rebound in oil prices and a weaker dollar burnished its appeal as a hedge.
Spot gold had dipped 0.3 per cent to $1,206.30 an ounce by 0042 GMT, after gaining nearly 4 per cent on Monday - its biggest one-day jump since September 2013.
The metal hit $1,220.99 in the previous session - its highest since October 29, after dropping to $1,142.91 earlier in the day after Switzerland voted against a proposal to boost its gold reserves.
Spot silver gained nearly 7 per cent on Monday, recovering from sharp declines to a five-year low.
US gold futures fell 1 per cent on Tuesday, after strong gains in the previous session.
The metals got a boost as crude oil markets jumped as much as 5 per cent on Monday, rebounding from five-year lows with their biggest daily gain since 2012, on fears that the high US shale output blamed for the global oil glut may be shrinking.
Bullion had fallen along with oil in recent sessions on expectations that weaker oil prices could mean less inflationary pressures. Gold is seen as a hedge against rising prices.
The boost in oil prices on Monday also weakened the dollar, which fell on stronger commodity currencies. A weaker greenback boosts dollar-denominated gold as it makes bullion cheaper for holders of other currencies.
Hedge funds and money managers boosted their bullish stance on gold and silver futures and options in the week to November 25, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission said on Monday.
An unexpected move by India's central bank to ease curbs on overseas purchases indicates the government is more relaxed about the trade deficit, though trade sources said it does not mean there will be a jump in imports.
The Perth Mint's silver sales in November climbed to their highest since January as lower prices attracted retail investors, while gold sales fell to a three-month low.
The US dollar nursed modest losses early on Tuesday, having come under pressure as currencies such as the Canadian dollar staged a dramatic reversal thanks to a broad rebound in commodity prices.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Why gold just can t winDec 02, 2014, 08.27 AM IST  | Source: CNBC
Why gold just can’t win
Over the weekend, Switzerland's voters overwhelmingly rejected a proposal to require the country's central bank, Swiss National Bank (SNB), to raise its gold holdings to 20 percent of its assets from around 7 percent currently as well as preventing it from selling any more of its gold holdings.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Why gold just can’t win
Over the weekend, Switzerland's voters overwhelmingly rejected a proposal to require the country's central bank, Swiss National Bank (SNB), to raise its gold holdings to 20 percent of its assets from around 7 percent currently as well as preventing it from selling any more of its gold holdings.
Post your opinion here
 
If no one expected the Swiss vote forcing the central bank to hold more gold to succeed, why is gold tanking?
Over the weekend, Switzerland's voters overwhelmingly rejected a proposal to require the country's central bank, Swiss National Bank (SNB), to raise its gold holdings to 20 percent of its assets from around 7 percent currently as well as preventing it from selling any more of its gold holdings.
Read More: Swiss voters resoundingly reject gold, immigration proposals
But while the outcome was well expected, gold still swooned Monday, dropping as low as around USD 1,141 in Asian trade Monday for an around 3 percent decline, a far cry from the more than USD 1,900 an ounce peak set in September 2011.
"Even though the Swiss announcement was well known and the Swiss government isn't a huge buyer, the market is drawing comparisons with other central banks going down the same road of not increasing [gold holdings] as much as thought," said David Lennox, a resources analyst at Fat Prophets, noting that central banks have been buying quite a bit lately.
Bear market
Gold's decline Monday may not represent any developments.
"Gold's been in a bear market since the high in September 2011," Barry Dawes, head of resources at Paradigm Securities, told CNBC.
Indeed, around USD 4.41 billion has flowed out of gold mutual funds and exchange traded funds so far this year, with another USD 3.78 billion coming out of precious metal funds, according to data from Jefferies.
Oil price drag
Another factor that may be pressuring gold: oil prices have dropped sharply over the past week.
"Oil is taking the entire commodity spectrum down with it, as energy is the major cost of production in most commodities (extraction and transportation)," Julius Baer said in a note Monday.
"Low oil also means low inflation," the bank added. That's something that short-circuits demand for gold as an inflation hedge.
No fillip on India's move
The shiny metal even failed to get a fillip news Friday that India's central bank took the surprise move of ending rules that required gold importers to re-export 20 percent of their shipments.
It isn't clear how much of a buying boost the change will bring.
"[The restriction] just drove buying underground," Lennox said, although he expects buying will become more visible. "Those persons who didn't want to participate through underground buying and didn't want to pay the tax should enter the market."
Price forecasts
Gold's decline has prompted analysts to once again trot out the oft-repeated predictions that the shiny metal could fall all the way to USD 1,000 an ounce.
Read More: Chinese unmoved by gold price drop, see it cheaper still
"I wouldn't suggest USD 1,000, but it may not be out of the question," Lennox said, citing rampant US dollar strength as weighing on the metal.
"We need to see something in other currencies to counter the US dollar and we can't see that coming out of Japan and Europe next year and of course, China pegs [it's currency], which doesn't leave a lot of competitive currencies against the U.S. dollar," Lennox said.
Read More: Charts suggest sub-USD 1,000 gold is likely
To be sure, Paradigm's Dawes thinks physical gold might finally be finding a floor.
"The demand for gold is really out of India and China," Dawes said, noting the importance of European and North American demand has waned. But he expects improved demand from the middle-class in India and China, as standards of living improve there, and as fears of currency debasement persist.
—By CNBC.Com's Leslie Shaffer; Follow her on Twitter @LeslieShaffer1
Clarification: This story has been updated to reflect that the current gold holdings of the Swiss National Bank is about 7 percent of its total assets, following clarification from the SNB.

Rupee rises against dollar in early tradeStory
Forex Update: Rupee gains 14 paise to end at 61.88 against US dollar after RBI policy review
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 18:13 IST
Photo: Reuters
The rupee on Tuesday gained 14 paise to close at 61.88 against the Greenback on increased selling of the US dollar by exporters and banks even as stock markets fell.
Selling of the American unit by exporters and some banks for the second day in a row amid sustained capital inflows supported the rupee even as the US dollar gained in global markets, forex dealers said.
"Rupee appreciated by almost quarter per cent taking cues from the positive comments given by the RBI during the announcement of credit policy," Pramit Brahmbhatt, the CEO of Veracity Group, said.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kept its key policy rates unchanged in its fifth bi-monthly monetary policy review and made dovish comments regarding rate cut as early as March 2015 if disinflationary process set in.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the rupee commenced better at 61.99 against the US currency from its previous close of 62.02 and immediately touched a low of 62.02 on weak local equities amid a firm dollar overseas.
Later, the domestic unit bounced back on dollar selling by exporters and some banks to a high of 61.87 before concluding at 61.88, logging a net rise of 14 paise (or 0.23 per cent).
Meanwhile, the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex plunged further by 115.61 points while FPIs/FIIs picked up shares worth US $64.04 million on Monday.

Exfinity Tech Fund  backed by Pai and Bala  pumps $1.5 mn into video-streamerEnforcement Directorate probing beneficiary of Rs 425 crore Indian Premier League facilitation fee
Promoted by IT industry veterans, Exfinity Technology Fund on Monday announced an investment of $1.5 million (Rs 9 crore) in Bangalore-based video streaming solutions provider RiverSilica Technologies. Exfinity has former Infosys board members, Balakrishnan V and TV Mohandas Pai, former joint CEO of IT-services firm Wipro, Girish Paranjpe and Deepak Ghaisas, former i-Flex Solutions CEO, at the helm.
“RiverSilica’s product line PIXFIX uses innovative patent pending mathematical algorithm to deliver industry standard videos for network constrained environments. PIXFIX supports live video and on demand video for people to watch anywhere-anyplace through the internet video chain,” Balakrishnan said on the investment. It was in October 2013 that the IT chieftains had joined hands to incorporate Exfinity in Bangalore with a corpus of Rs 125 crore to fund 15-17 start-ups in the fields of big data, analytics, and security.
“This round of funding from Exfinity will ensure that we at RiverSilica will be powered on our growth trajectory for our product and associated platform driven services. It will help us reach global market with our PIXFIX product line,” said RiverSilica founder and president Jagannathan Balaji.
Earlier in June, Exfinity had invested in Virtual Power Systems, a US-based start-up providing technologies to reduce consumption of power by data centres.
TAGS: Balakrishnan V Exfinity Technology Fund Infosys TV Mohandas Pai
More from companies
Concerted effort to manipulate machinery: Court in coal case Industrialist Kumar Mangalam Birla's letters to the then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh sought to re-open the issue of allocation...

http://usat.ly/1FIVnhQFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Seven biggest health problems Americans face
Americans include two health-related issues among the 10 most important problems facing the U.S., according to a recent Gallup survey. Healthcare in general ranked fourth on the list, with Ebola coming in at
Post to Facebook
Seven biggest health problems Americans face Americans include two health-related issues among the 10 most important problems facing the U.S., according to a recent Gallup survey. Healthcare in general ranked fourth on the list, with Ebola coming in at Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1y0e3n5
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
42
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Seven biggest health problems Americans face
Keith Speights, The Motley Fool 4:02 p.m. EST November 30, 2014
This June 5, 2007 file photo shows tablets of HIV drug Kaletra, an AbbVie Inc. product, in a Chicago pharmacy.
(Photo: Charles Rex Arbogast, AP)
2083 CONNECT 113 TWEET 68 LINKEDIN 42 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Americans include two health-related issues among the 10 most important problems facing the U.S., according to a recent Gallup survey. Healthcare in general ranked fourth on the list, with Ebola coming in at no. 8. But is Ebola really among the biggest health problems for Americans? Not when we look at the chances of actually being infected.
So, what are the actual biggest health problems that Americans face? One way to answer this question is to look at what drugs are prescribed the most. Here are the seven top health problems based on the most-prescribed drugs in the U.S., according to Medscape's analysis of data provided by IMS Health.
1. Hypothyroidism
AbbVie's ( ABBV )  Synthroid ranks at the top of the list of most-prescribed drugs. Synthroid is used to treat hypothyroidism, a condition caused by an underactive thyroid gland.
The American Thyroid Association estimates that 2%-3% of Americans have pronounced hypothyroidism, while 10%-15% have a mild version of the disease. Hypothyroidism occurs more frequently in women, especially women over age 60. Around half of Americans with the condition don't realize that they have hypothyroidism.
2. High cholesterol and high triglycerides
Coming in at a close second on the list is AstraZeneca's (AZN ) Crestor. The drug is used to help control high cholesterol and high triglyceride levels.
According to the American Heart Association, nearly 99 million Americans age 20 and over have high cholesterol. Elevated cholesterol levels are one of the major risk factors for heart attacks and strokes. The problem is that you won't know if you have high cholesterol unless you get tested -- and around one in three Americans haven't had their cholesterol levels checked in the last five years.
3. Heartburn and gastroesophageal reflux disease
AstraZeneca also claims the third most prescribed drug in the nation -- Nexium. The "purple pill" helps treat hearburn and gastroesophageal reflux disease, or GERD, also commonly referred to as acid reflux.
Around 20% of Americans have GERD, according to the American Society for Gastrointestinal Endoscopy. A lot of people take over-the-counter medications, but that's not enough for many others. Medscape reported that over 18.6 million prescriptions of Nexium were filled between July 2013 and June 2014.
4. Breathing disorders
The next two highly prescribed drugs treat breathing disorders. GlaxoSmithKline's ( GSK ) Ventolin HFA is used by asthma patients, while the company's Advair Diskus treats asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, or COPD.
More than 25 million Americans have asthma. Around 7 million of these patients are children. Meanwhile, COPD, which includes chronic bronchitis and emphysema, ranks as the third-leading cause of death in the U.S.
5. High blood pressure
Novartis ( NVS ) claims the next top-prescribed drug with Diovan. The drug treats high blood pressure by relaxing and widening blood vessels, thereby allowing blood to flow more readily.
Around one-third of American adults have high blood pressure. Many don't know that they are affected, because the condition doesn't usually manifest symptoms for a long time. However, high blood pressure can eventually lead to other serious health issues, including heart and kidney problems.
6. Diabetes
Several highly prescribed drugs combat diabetes, with Sanofi's ( SNY ) Lantus Solostar taking the top spot for the condition. Lantus Solostar is a long-acting basal insulin that is used for type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
According to the National Diabetes Statistics Report released in June 2014, 29.1 million Americans had diabetes in 2012. That's a big jump from just two years earlier, when 25.8 million Americans had the disease. Diabetes ranks as the seventh leading cause of death in the U.S.
7. Depression and anxiety
Eli Lilly's ( LLY ) Cymbalta fell just below Lantus Solostar in number of prescriptions. Cymbalta is the leading treatment for depression and generalized anxiety disorder.
The Anxiety and Depression Association of America estimates that 14.8 million Americans ages 18 and older suffer from a major depressive disorder each year. Around 3.3 million have persistent depressive disorder, a form of depression that lasts for two or more years. Generalized anxiety disorder affects around 6.8 million adults in the U.S.
Common thread for common diseases
One thing that stands out about several of these common diseases affecting millions of Americans is that many people have one or more of these conditions -- but don't know it. This underscores the importance of getting a checkup on a regular basis.
Regardless of what the Gallup survey found, the odds of you getting Ebola are very low. On the other hand, the chances of you or someone in your family already having one of these seven conditions could be higher than you might think. Perhaps the truly biggest healthcare challenge facing Americans is knowing the status of their own health.
The Motley Fool is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news, analysis and commentary designed to help people take control of their financial lives.  Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
&amp;amp;amp;lt;SCRIPT language='JavaScript1.1'SRC="http://ad.doubleclick.net/adj/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?"&amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;lt;/SCRIPT&amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;lt;NOSCRIPT&amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;lt;AHREF="http://ad.doubleclick.net/jump/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie4;abr=!ie5;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?"&amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;lt;IMGSRC="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie4;abr=!ie5;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?" BORDER=0 WIDTH=550 HEIGHT=300ALT="Advertisement"&amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;lt;/A&amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;lt;/NOSCRIPT&amp;amp;amp;gt;
2083 CONNECT 113 TWEET 68 LINKEDIN 42 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1y0e3n5

Dr Reddy s slips 1.2% after Russian rouble crumblesDec 02, 2014, 10.58 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Dr Reddy's slips 1.2% after Russian rouble crumbles
Shares in Dr Reddy’s Labs fell 1.25 percent early Tuesday, a day after the Russian currency rouble tanked about 9 percent, the biggest one-day fall since 1998, before recovering some ground after the country’s central bank stepped in.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dr Reddy's slips 1.2% after Russian rouble crumbles
Shares in Dr Reddy’s Labs fell 1.25 percent early Tuesday, a day after the Russian currency rouble tanked about 9 percent, the biggest one-day fall since 1998, before recovering some ground after the country’s central bank stepped in.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares in Dr Reddy’s Labs  fell 1.25 percent early Tuesday, a day after the Russian currency rouble tanked about 9 percent, the biggest one-day fall since 1998, before recovering some ground after the country’s central bank stepped in.
Dr Reddy’s, one of the country’s largest pharmaceutical firms by sales, derives slightly less than 15 percent of its revenues from Russia and the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), and analysts in the past have estimated a 10 percent fall in the rouble could shave 2-3 percent off its earnings-per-share .
The ruble has dropped about 35 percent versus the US dollar (as well as the Indian rupee) year to date, after geopolitical tensions with respect to Ukraine led to economic sanctions being slapped against the nation.
In the past few weeks, falling crude oil prices have served as a double whammy for the Russian economy.
In the second quarter, Dr Reddy’s revenues from Russia were down 11 percent year-on-year, primarily due to the rouble’s depreciation (revenues were flat in constant currency terms).
Much of the volume growth for Dr Reddy’s in Russia is driven by over-the-counter drugs, which account for 30-35 percent of sales.
Shares in Glenmark , which is said to derive about 5-6 percent of sales from Russia, however, were up 1.1 percent in trade.
RELATED NEWS

Nifty below 8550  RBI meet eyed; banks  auto under pressureDec 02, 2014, 10.32 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty below 8550, RBI meet eyed; banks, auto under pressure
India's biggest lenders State Bank of India, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Axis Bank, and housing finance company HDFC declined 0.5-0.9 percent. Auto stocks like Tata Motors, Mahindra & Mahindra, Bajaj Auto, Hero Motocorp and Maruti Suzuki slipped 0.5-1 percent post November sales data.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty below 8550, RBI meet eyed; banks, auto under pressure
India's biggest lenders State Bank of India, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Axis Bank, and housing finance company HDFC declined 0.5-0.9 percent. Auto stocks like Tata Motors, Mahindra & Mahindra, Bajaj Auto, Hero Motocorp and Maruti Suzuki slipped 0.5-1 percent post November sales data.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
10:30am DLF under pressure
Shares of DLF fell more than a percent intraday Tuesday after Bank of America Merrill Lynch reinstated an underperform rating on the stock with a price target of Rs 130.
The prime reasons, according to the brokerage, are slow housing market recovery in Gurgaon; negative cash-flow; elevated debt levels; and legal issues.
BoAML does not expect a housing volume recovery in DLF’s core market, Gurgaon in the near term. "Gurgaon’s unsold inventory has risen exponentially over the past three quarters, indicating a significant slowdown in sales. We see weakness for three to four more quarters for DLF before a possible recovery becomes visible," the brokerage said.
The brokerage expects DLF to remain cash-flow negative through FY17E – lack of launches and higher costs (operating, finance and construction) should lead to cash deficiency.
It also sees DLF’s debt levels to remain elevated in FY16E as well despite asset sales as proceeds from the sale will be used to offset the lack of cash.
According to the brokerage, a verdict against DLF in any of the ongoing legal issues (CCI, SEBI) can potentially dampen its brand equity and financial performance.
Upside risks include quicker market recovery, leading to better-than-expected launches/pre-sales, and pick-up in commercial leasing.
10:00am Market Check
Equity benchmarks continued to see marginal selling pressure as rate sensitives like banks and autos declined ahead of RBI credit policy.
The 30-share BSE Sensex slipped 67.61 points to 28492.01 and the 50-share NSE Nifty fell 22.75 points to 8533.15. The broader markets remained flat.
India's biggest lenders State Bank of India, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Axis Bank, and housing finance company HDFC declined 0.5-0.9 percent. Auto stocks like Tata Motors, Mahindra & Mahindra, Bajaj Auto, Hero Motocorp and Maruti Suzuki slipped 0.5-1 percent post November sales data.
Infosys lost 1.5 percent after adjusted for bonus issue in the ratio of one share for every one share held.
However, shares of Reliance Industries, ONGC, Larsen & Toubro and BHEL bounced back, up 0.5-1 percent. Power stocks like Tata Power and NTPC too rebounded with a percent gain.
Cairn India bounced back with more than a percent gain after Brent crude recouped some losses to trade at USD 72 a barrel from five-year low of around USD 68-69 a barrel. However, BPCL and Asian Paints fell 2-3 percent.
09:15

DLF under pressure; BoAML maintains underperform ratingDec 02, 2014, 10.36 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
DLF under pressure; BoAML maintains underperform rating
The prime reasons, according to the brokerage, are slow housing market recovery in Gurgaon; negative cash-flow; elevated debt levels; and legal issues.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
DLF under pressure; BoAML maintains underperform rating
The prime reasons, according to the brokerage, are slow housing market recovery in Gurgaon; negative cash-flow; elevated debt levels; and legal issues.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  DLF fell more than a percent intraday Tuesday after Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BoAML) reinstated an underperform rating on the stock with a price target of Rs 130.
The prime reasons, according to the brokerage, are slow housing market recovery in Gurgaon; negative cash-flow; elevated debt levels; and legal issues.
BoAML does not expect a housing volume recovery in DLF’s core market, Gurgaon in the near term. "Gurgaon’s unsold inventory has risen exponentially over the past three quarters, indicating a significant slowdown in sales. We see weakness for three to four more quarters for DLF before a possible recovery becomes visible," the brokerage said.
The brokerage expects DLF to remain cash-flow negative through FY17E – lack of launches and higher costs (operating, finance and construction) should lead to cash deficiency.
It also sees DLF’s debt levels to remain elevated in FY16E as well despite asset sales as proceeds from the sale will be used to offset the lack of cash.
According to the brokerage, a verdict against DLF in any of the ongoing legal issues (CCI, SEBI) can potentially dampen its brand equity and financial performance.
Upside risks include quicker market recovery, leading to better-than-expected launches/pre-sales, and pick-up in commercial leasing.
At 10:22 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 152.60, down Rs 1.10, or 0.72 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Saradha gone  website remainsDec 02, 2014 at 10:27am IST
Saradha gone, website remains
13
0
Kolkata: The Saradha Group went bust over a year ago but its web site, which lured unsuspecting poor people into investing in its chit fund schemes and deprived them of their hard-earned savings, still exists.
The website www.saradhagroup.biz can be accessed on the Internet. It begins with a message: "Saradha Group of companies has brought in a new renaissance for better development of the country. We always give more importance for the development of the community, along with education and social upgradation. We give priority to moral values."
It is 20 months since the chit fund company closed down, leaving lakhs of investors, mainly from rural Bengal, cheated of their life's savings following which Saradha Group chairman Sudipto Sen was arrested from Kashmir in April, last year.
It is 20 months since the chit fund company closed down, leaving lakhs of investors, mainly from rural Bengal, cheated of their life's savings following which Saradha Group chairman Sudipto Sen was arrested from Kashmir in April, last year.
#saradha scam #saradha group #website #sudipto sen
"We will look into the matter how the website is still there on the web," an official of CBI, which is probing the fraud, told PTI when asked. "It might be that the agency which has created the website, has been paid the money. We have to look into it," he said.
The website has the address and contact numbers and email IDs of 69 branch offices of Saradha Group spread across West Bengal, Tripura, Odisha, Assam and New Delhi. The home page opens with the message "You Wish We Fulfill" and an introduction about Saradha's journey which began 12 years ago. It also mentions the group of companies that Saradha had floated.
They are: Saradha Construction, Saradha Realty, Landmark Cement, Saradha Agro, Saradha Education Hub, Saradha Tea Estate, Saradha Health resorts, Saradha Tours & Travels, Saradha Shopping Mall and Saradha Exports. It went on to say, "Several other prolific ventures would soon come up to see the daylight. The group is driven by innovation, quality, excellence, and a social conscience."
0

RBI is Certainly Not Against Growth: Raghuram RajanBofA-ML Sees 0.25% Rate Cut in February on Easing Inflation
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) held interest rates steady as widely expected at its policy review on Tuesday, but said it could cut interest rates by early next year depending on whether inflation eases further and on fiscal developments. RBI chief Raghuram Rajan addressed a press conference explaining its monetary policy stance. 
Highlights
We are in discussions with government for monetary policy framework
Government has shown willingness to keep inflation target at 4 per cent beyond FY16 with a 2 per cent band
Hope to finalise the new monetary policy shortly
Seeing a disinflation process underway
We want to make sure that the disinflationary process is for real
We don't want to flip-flop if there is a change in external environment
There is a misconception that the RBI is not concerned about growth
The way to sustainable growth is to have moderate inflation
Rates have come down but banks haven't passed on
RBI is certainly not against growth
Bear with us, corporate India will see sustained growth for many years
Our talks with government suggest fiscal deficit on track
Not trying to manage long-term interest rates through open market operations
For now, RBI has consumer inflation target of 6% by January 2016
We want to be relatively sure we hit the 2016 inflation target
Speeding up judicial process on debt recovery will bring down the risk premiums
RBI in discussions with the government to speed up the debt recovery process
Hope the performance of fixed income and equity markets will convince more investors to park their money in financial assets rather than gold
Story first published on: December 02, 2014 12:08 (IST)

RBI Chief Says Don t Intend to Flip-Flop on PolicyBofA-ML Sees 0.25% Rate Cut in February on Easing Inflation
Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India does not intend to flip-flop on policy and is in discussions with the government for a new monetary framework which it hopes to finalise shortly, Governor Dr Raghuram Rajan said.
The central bank's talks with the government suggest "things will be on track with respect to fiscal deficit," he added during a press conference with reporters.
The RBI held interest rates steady as widely expected at its policy review on Tuesday, but said it could cut interest rates by early next year depending on whether inflation eases further and on fiscal developments.
The government is comfortable with setting a 4 percent inflation target plus/minus 2 per cent beyond 2016, Dr Rajan clarified.
The central bank is "certainly seeing disinflationary process" and global crude oil developments are positive for India.
The central bank is already providing "substantial liquidity" to the market, consistent with the policy rate, Dr Rajan said.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Mumbai  jihadist  Areeb Majeed says Islamic State thought he was a spyPeshawar school attack: Take me, spare the kids, says Nobel laureate Kailash Satyarthi to Taliban gunmen
Areeb Majeed, suspected member of Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), has claimed that the cadres of the terror outfit were initially suspicious about him and his three friends of being associated with security agencies and grilled them for hours before enrolling them as members, official sources said.
Majeed and his friends were recruited only after they fully convinced the cadres that all of them genuinely wanted to fight for the cause of ISIS, an officer privy to the probe said.
According to NIA sources, when Majeed and his three others– Shaheen Tanki, Fahad Shaikh and Aman Tandel–reached Mosul in Iraq in May this year, they were questioned by one Ali, a senior cadre of the ISIS.
“The ISIS cadres had a doubt if we were associated with any security agencies. Their doubts were cleared after we answered their queries and convinced them that they really wanted to participate in the battle,” Majeed told investigators.
“We were told that the ISIS group will not enroll people without any reference. However, we told them that we are ready to die in Iraq, but do not want return to India,” the 22-year-old civil engineer told interrogators.
“Once we were enrolled, our names were changed. I was named Abu Ali Al Hindi, Shaheem was renamed as Abu Usman Al Hindi, Aman was named Abu Mar Al Hindi and Fahad was Abu Bakar Al Hindi,” the accused told the investigators.
Majeed was arrested on Friday on his return to Mumbai after spending nearly six months in Iraq. He was booked under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA) on charges of conspiring to commit a terror act and being a member of a banned foreign terror outfit, and under the stringent Section 125 of the IPC for “waging war against the nation”.
In May this year, the four youths from Kalyan had left the country to visit holy places in West Asia, but disappeared thereafter. They were suspected to have joined the ISIS.
According to police, the four engineering students had flown to Baghdad on May 23 as part of a group of 22 pilgrims to visit religious shrines in Iraq.
TAGS: Areeb Majeed Islamic State
More from miscellaneous

Revenue losses on LPG  kerosene shrink by 21 pctCBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case
Losses on sale of subsidised LPG and kerosene have dropped by 21 per cent to Rs 148 crore per day as international oil rates hit a five-year low.
State-owned fuel retailers are losing Rs 25.69 on sale of every litre of kerosene through the Public Distribution System (PDS) and Rs 279.91 per 14.2-kg domestic cooking gas, an official statement said here on Monday.
These are lower than Rs 27.60 a litre loss oil firms were incurring on sale through PDS in November, and Rs 393.50 per LPG cylinder.
“Oil marketing companies (OMCs), effective December 1, 2014, are now incurring combined daily under-recovery of about Rs 148 crore on the sale of PDS kerosene and domestic LPG. This is lower than Rs 188 crore daily under-recoveries during previous month,” it said.
After diesel price was deregulated on October 18, only two products remain subsidised.
The statement said the under-recovery or the revenue loss incurred on selling fuel below cost, in the first half of current fiscal was Rs 51,110 crore. “The figure was Rs 139,869 crore for full year in the 2013-14.”
While the government had freed pricing of petrol from its control in June 2010, diesel was deregulated on October 18. Since then, diesel rates have been cut thrice – first by Rs 3.37 a litre on October 19, then by Rs 2.25 per litre from November 1 and by 84 paisa from Monday.
TAGS: LPG Subsidy
More from economy
Per capita annual income increases in national capital The per capita annual income in the national capital has increased to Rs 2.19 lakh in 2013-14 as campared to Rs 1.92 lakh in the previous fiscal.

Mangonet: Govt s digital initiative to persuade EU to lift mango banInternational consumers may soon be able to track farm origin of Indian mangoes
Jayashree Bhosale, ET Bureau Dec 2, 2014, 11.43AM IST
Tags:
EU
(The EU had imposed a temporary…)
PUNE: India plans to introduce a system to allow international consumers of Indian mangoes to trace back the fruit to its farm of origin through the internet as part of its efforts to persuade the European Union to lift ban on Indian mangoes.
Government agencies are working to put in place 'Mangonet' — an online traceability system that will register mango growers and exporters and enable importers and supermarkets in the European Union (EU) to check complete details of their shipments — on the lines of the successful 'Grapenet'.
"The success of Grapenet has encouraged us to replicate the system in mangoes," said Sudhanshu, deputy general manager of Agricultural and Processed Food Products Export Development Authority.
The EU had imposed a temporary ban on Alphonso mangoes and four vegetables from India from May 1, stating that it had found fruit fly infestation in the fruit.
This impacted exports to the United Kingdom (UK), the second largest export market for Indian mangoes after the UAE. Following the ban, Maharashtra, the largest exporter of mangoes in the country, started using HortiSAP, an IT-based pest surveillance system extensively for mangoes.
An EU audit committee visited export facilities in India two months ago, following which, the government agencies and exporters are hopeful that the ban would be lifted next year.
"The EU audit committee has seen the sea change in our set up," said Sudhanshu. Maharashtra's horticulture department has recruited about 70 to 80 agricultural graduates to monitor mango orchards in eight mango-exporting districts in the state for early detection of any pest/disease incidence. They get online advisories from the National Centre for Integrated Pest Management in New Delhi.
Field staff use iPads and Skype to communicate regularly with the officials at the state headquarters about the state of crop, pest, diseases and registration of farmers.
Govind Hande, chief inspecting authority for phytosanitary certification in Maharashtra, said, "We have provided a list of pesticides with label claim to the mango growers. They will get 'fit for export' certificate only if their samples pass all the tests. If the samples have a problem, the exporters will get alert notice." Mango exporters are hopeful that the online system will help boost their business.
"The Grapenet system gave very good results. As Mangonet will be on similar lines, it will be good for mango exports," said Kaushal Khakar, CEO at Mumbaibased KB Exports.
FEATURED ARTICLES

J&K: Major infiltration bid foiled in Kupwara amidst polling  3 terrorists gunned downJ&K: Major infiltration bid foiled in Kupwara amidst polling, 3 terrorists gunned down
CNN-IBN | Dec 02, 2014 at  01:05pm IST
Srinagar: Security personnel successfully foiled an infiltration bid in Nowgon sector of Kupwara district in Jammu and Kashmir gunning down three terrorists on Tuesday morning.
This comes on a day when the second phase of Assembly elections is on in 18 constituencies of the state including Kupwara.
The army said a group of five to eight heavily armed men made an infiltration bid in Nowgam area of the LoC on Tuesday morning.
This comes on a day when the second phase of Assembly elections is on in 18 constituencies of the state including Kupwara.
"Alert soldiers engaged the group in a sustained gun battle in Nowgam sector on our side of the LoC. Three militants were killed," a senior army officer told IANS.
This is the third incident reported in a week from the state. Earlier, a CRPF bunker was targeted in Srinagar on Saturday and an IED explosion occurred in Mendhar area near Line of Control on the eve of polling on Monday.
(With inputs from IANS)
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Ferguson shooting: Obama asks police to use body cameras  says dont want militarised policecultureBy: Associated Press | Washington |
Posted: December 2, 2014 12:42 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 3:27 pm
President Barack Obama asked federal agencies on Monday for concrete recommendations to ensure the U.S. isn’t building a “militarized culture” within police departments, as he promoted the use of body cameras by police in the wake of the shooting of an unarmed black teen in Ferguson, Missouri.
With protests ongoing in Ferguson and across the country, Obama spoke to reporters at the end of a White House meeting with police, civil rights activists and local leaders and acknowledged the participants told him that there have been task forces in the past and “nothing happens”. “Part of the reason this time will be different is because the president of the United States is deeply invested in making sure that this time is different,” Obama said.
Obama said he was upset to hear the young people in the meeting describe their experiences with police. “It violates my belief in what America can be to hear young people feeling marginalized and distrustful even after they’ve done everything right.”
At least for now, Obama is staying away from Ferguson in the wake of the uproar over a grand jury’s decision last week not to charge the police officer who fatally shot 18-year-old Michael Brown. Violent protests and looting erupted after the decision, resulting in at least a dozen commercial buildings being destroyed, despite Obama’s pleas for calm.
In tandem with the meeting, the White House announced it wants more police to wear cameras that capture their interactions with civilians. The cameras are part of a $263 million spending package to help police departments improve their community relations. Of the total, $74 million would be used to help pay for 50,000 of the small, lapel-mounted cameras to record police on the job, with state and local governments paying half the cost.
Pushing back on concerns the task force would be all talk and no action, Obama said this situation was different because he was personally invested in ensuring results. He said young people attending the meeting had relayed stories about being marginalized in society and said those stories violate “my idea of who we are as a nation”.
“In the two years I have remaining as president,” Obama said, “I’m going to make sure we follow through.” U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder traveled to Atlanta Monday to meet with law enforcement and community leaders for the first in a series of regional meetings around the country. Obama asked Holder to set up the meetings in the wake of clashes between protesters and police in Ferguson.
Speaking at Ebenezer Baptist Church in Atlanta – the church where the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. preached – Holder said that he will soon unveil long-planned Justice Department guidance aimed at ending continued…

Sensex  Nifty Choppy After RBI Keeps Rates SteadyYou are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty Choppy After RBI Keeps Rates Steady
NDTV | Updated On: December 02, 2014 14:04 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
BSE Sensex and Nifty came under renewed selling pressure in afternoon trade. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) held interest rates steady as widely expected at its policy review on Tuesday, but said it could cut interest rates by early next year depending on whether inflation eases further and on fiscal developments.
"A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature," the RBI said in its statement.
Markets recovered after falling briefly as sentiment improved on hopes that RBI would cut interest rates early next year.
The RBI kept interest rates unchanged at 8.0 per cent on Tuesday as widely expected, staying focused on containing inflation while adopting a more dovish tone in response to the government's call for help to revive economic growth.
Traders said a rate cut in early 2015 was more or less certain now unless global commodity prices moved adversely.
At 1:55 pm, Sensex was down 104 points to 28,454 while Nifty fell 35 points to 8,521. Selling pressure was seen in rate sensitive banking, real estate and auto stocks.
Among major Nifty losers, DLF, M&M, HDFC and IndusInd Bank fell between 1.5 per cent and 2 per cent.  PSU oil marketing companies IOC, HPCL and BPCL fell 2-3 per cent after the government hiked excise duty on petrol and diesel.
The excise duty on petrol was hiked by Rs 2.25/litre and diesel by Rs 1/litre, a move that could bring in additional Rs 4,000 crore for the government.
(With Agency Inputs)

Instead of banking on rate-cuts  govt needs to move on policy  fisc to revive investmentInstead of banking on rate-cuts, govt needs to move on policy, fisc to revive investment
Malini Bhupta | Mumbai Dec 02, 2014 12:34 PM IST
The Reserve Bank of India made all the right noises on policy rates in the coming year, but what is apparent is that Governor Raghuram Rajan will take follow-up action only when the government does its part to manage the fiscal deficit and take key measures to revive investments. 
The RBI has made it amply clear that interest rates are not the only things restraining the investment cycle. Infrastructure bottlenecks and supply-side issues on raw materials continue to plague corporates, the central bank said. 
Thanks to the cooling of commodity prices, the battle against inflation may be easier to win than creating an environment conducive for growth. Governor Raghuram Rajan has also made it clear that the stronger the information, the sooner will be the accommodation in policy rates. 
Highlighting the other factors that have impacted investment cycle, the RBI statement points out that "A durable revival of investment demand continues to be held back by infrastructural constraints and lack of assured supply of key inputs, in particular coal, power, land and minerals. The success of ongoing government actions in these areas will be key to reviving growth and offsetting downside risks emanating from agriculture – in view of weaker-than-expected rabi sowing – and exports – given the sluggishness in external demand."
Dhananjay Sinha, head of institutional equities at Emkay Global, said the RBI has not given a clear signal adding that central bank will be a follower rather than a leader in any rate action move.  
“Also, the governor believes transmission of lower rates within the banking system has been slow, so what the RBI is saying that reduction of rates will largely be a signalling move. RBI would like transmission be better," he pointed out, saying that it seems like a near certainty that the governor will not cut rates the 2016 Budget. 
The government has its work cut out on the fiscal front as well as on the investment front. The RBI will take cues from the government and follow with interest rate cuts once issues that are hindering growth are resolved. 
Rates are only going to be a signal, as a result, and not a trigger for investments to pick up. Making this clear, Rajan hinted that he would like to see better transmission of rates than visible so far. "The weak transmission by banks of the recent fall in money market rates into lending rates suggests monetary policy shifts will primarily have signalling effects for a while. Nevertheless, these signalling  effects are likely to be large because the  Reserve Bank has repeatedly indicated that once the monetary policy stance shifts, subsequent policy actions will be consistent with the changed stance,” the central bank said in its statement. 

Cardamom climbs by 2.1% on spot demandCardamom climbs by 2.1% on spot demand
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 02, 2014 12:10 PM IST
Cardamom prices spurted by 2.13% to Rs 823.20 per kg in futures trade today as speculators indulged in creating fresh positions amid a firm trend at spot market on strong demand.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, cardamom for delivery in December shot up by Rs 17.20, or 2.13%, to Rs 823.20 per kg in a business turnover of 614 lots.
Similarly, the spice for delivery in January next year moved up by Rs 4.60, or 0.54%, to Rs 862 per kg in 291 lots.
Analysts said besides strong demand in the spot market, restricted arrivals from producing regions led to the rise in cardamom prices at futures trade.

Rahul Gandhi leads Congress protest outside Parliament against Modi government s  U-turns27
0
New Delhi: Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday led the protest against the Bharatiya Janata Party government over 'U-turns' taken by it. MPs held up the booklet 'U-turn Sarkar' outside Parliament highlighting issues of black money, incursion by Chinese troops, ceasefire violations by Pakistan.
The 33-page booklet was released on Monday narrating the 25 'U-turns' taken by the government in 180 days.
Rahul said, "The government has taken U-turn on all issues - black money, CAG, corruption. They have not done anything on any of the issues."
#congress #parliament #rahul gandhi #narendra modi government
The Congress attacked Prime Minister Narendra Modi over his promise that black money will be brought back within 100 days and Rs 15 lakh will be credited in everyone account. "We are waiting when will Rs 15 lakh be credited to our accounts as was said by Modi," Congress leader Ajay Maken mocked the PM.
The first U-turn as specified by Maken was that Home Minister Rajnath Singh during the poll campaign had said that the country needs to know what were the circumstances and the facts of Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose's death. Despite its earlier stand, the government in a reply to a recent RTI application, has refused to make the documents public in connection with the mysterious death of the freedom fighter.
"Congress asks Rajnath Singh and BJP what happened now? Should the BJP and Rajnath not apologise to the people of India for misleading them," Maken said.
The Centre's stand on Civil Nuclear Liability Bill was stated as one of the latest U-turns by the government.
19

Modi condemns Niranjan Jyoti s comments  asks BJP MPs to abstain from addressing the nationDec 02, 2014 at  06:25pm IST
Modi condemns Niranjan Jyoti's comments, asks BJP MPs to abstain from addressing the nation
76
0
New Delhi: In wake of the controversial remarks made by Minister of State Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has asked Bharatiya Janata Party MPs to abstain from addressing the nation, sources in the BJP said.
At the BJP Parliamentary Board meeting held on Tuesday, Modi asked his MPs to avoid making uncalled for statements. He also condemned the comments made by Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti.
While asserting her point and exhorting people to vote for the BJP, Niranjan had on Monday said that everyone including Muslims and Christians are sons of Ram. She also went ahead and added that those who do not believe in this ideology, do not belong to India.
#narendra modi #bjp #mp #parliament
"Modiji ka mantra hai na hum khayenge na khane denge. Ab aapko tyah karna hai ki aap kise chunenge, aapko chunna hai ki ramzyaado ki sarkar banegi ya h*******o ki sarkar banegi, ye aapko tyah karna hai (Modi has given a mantra that we will neither take bribe nor let others take bribe. Now you have to decide whom to choose. Will you choose the sons of Ram or those who are illegitimate)," she had said.
Her statements resulted in massive uproar in Parliament with the opposition parties unitedly condemning it. Facing severe criticism over her remarks, Niranjan Jyoti was forced to apologise in Parliament on Tuesday.
However, the Congress called this apology "too little too late" and sought her resignation. The party claimed that the "objectionable" language used by the BJP leader created tension at a time when there have been communal riots.
Leaders from all political parties in both the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha had sought an apology from the minister.
330

Former Union Minister AR Antulay passes away at 85Dec 02, 2014 at 12:02pm IST
Former Union Minister AR Antulay passes away at 85
16
0
Mumbai: Senior Congress leader A R Antulay passed away in Mumbai on Tuesday after a prolonged illness. He was 85.
Antulay, who was former Maharashtra chief minister and a minister in UPA-I government, was suffering from kidney ailment. He breathed his last at the Breach Candy hospital where he was admitted in November.
The veteran Congressman, who hailed from coastal Konkan region of Maharashtra, passed away at around 10 AM today, his son-in-law Mushtaq Antulay told PTI.
The funeral will take place at his native Ambet village in the state's Raigad district on Wednesday.
The funeral will take place at his native Ambet village in the state's Raigad district on Wednesday.
25
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

India successfully tests nuclear capable Agni-IV missile65
0
Bhubaneswar: India on Tuesday successfully test fired its 4,000 km nuclear capable Agni-IV missile from a defence base in Odisha, an official said.
The Agni-IV, a strategic missile which can carry a one tonne nuclear warhead, was tested fired at 10.19 am from a launch pad from the Wheeler Island, the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) said .
"The test firing was successful. The missile crossed over more than 3,500 km," Ravi Gupta, director (Public Interface) at DRDO, told IANS.
It was the first user trial of the long-range, nuclear-capable, surface-to-surface Agni-IV.
It was the first user trial of the long-range, nuclear-capable, surface-to-surface Agni-IV.
The operation was carried out by the Indian Army's Strategic Forces Command (SFC).
The two-stage, 17 tonne and 20-metre tall Agni-IV missile is equipped with state-of-the-art avionics, and a fifth generation on-board computer.
It has the latest features to correct and guide itself through inflight disturbances.
This was the fourth success in a row for Agni-IV. The first was in November 2011, the second in September 2012 and the third in January 2014.
Agni-IV has already been inducted into the army, said DRDO sources.
14

Kirti Vagadia is CFO of Suzlon unit Senvion SEHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Kirti Vagadia is CFO of Suzlon unit Senvion SE
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 2:  
Wind turbine maker Suzlon’s wholly owned subsidiary Senvion SE has appointed Kirti Vagadia as the new Chief Financial Officer.
“The Supervisory Board of Senvion SE has appointed Kirti Vagadia as the company’s new chief financial officer. The appointment is effective as of December 1, 2014,” Suzlon said in a statement.
He has over 20 years’ experience in the wind energy industry and the management skills and background required to successfully oversee financial measures for the benefit of Senvion, said Tulsi R Tanti, Chairman of the Suzlon Group and of the Senvion Supervisory Board.
Vagadia was Group Head Finance of the Suzlon Group and a member of the Supervisory Board of Senvion SE. He already stepped down from all his posts on October 20, 2014.
Shares of Suzlon Energy were trading at Rs 13.06, down 3.33 per cent, on the BSE in the afternoon.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Infosys turns ex-bonus  shares fall 3%Infosys turns ex-bonus, shares fall 3%
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 2:  
Shares of Infosys fell nearly 3 per cent as the stock price factored in the issuance of bonus shares tomorrow to the existing investors.
Scrip of the IT major fell 2.72 per cent to Rs 2,116 on the BSE today. On the NSE, it was down over 2 per cent to Rs 2,115.
Marketmen said that profit-booking pulled down the stock as the company went ex-bonus.
The bonus issue was announced in October, when Infosys reported its second quarter numbers. It had recommended a bonus issue of one equity share for every share held.
Infosys had informed the stock exchanges last month that the company has fixed record date as December 3, 2014 for the purpose of allotment of bonus shares/stock dividend.
The issuing company fixes a particular date which is termed as record date when the investor must own shares in order to be eligible to participate in events like receiving dividend, bonus shares.
Bonus shares are free shares given to the existing shareholders of a company.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Bollywood actor Deven Varma passes awayBollywood actor Deven Varma passes away
PTI
Tweet
Pune, Dec 2:  
Veteran actor-filmmaker Deven Varma, best know for his comic performance in Khatta Meetha and Angoor, passed away this morning at his residence following a heart attack, family sources said.
He was 78.
Varma started his acting career as a stage artist and eventually made his Bollywood debut with a supporting role in Yash Chopra’s Dharmputra in 1961, which did not do well.
He shot to fame with his performance in 1975 film Chori Mera Kaam, which bagged him his first Filmfare Award for Best Comedian.
Varma went on to star in memorable films like Chor Ke Ghar Chor, Sanjeev Kapoor-starrer Angoor, Gol Maal, Khatta Meetha, Naastik, Rang Birangi, Dil, Judaai, Andaz Apna Apna and Dil Toh Pagal Hai.
His dual role of Bahadur in Gulzar’s 1982 film Angoor, is considered as one of the most loved comic roles in Hindi cinema.
Varma, who was married to Ashok Kumar’s daughter Rupa Ganguly, turned producer with Yakeen in 1969 and also took to direction two years later with Nadaan. He produced and directed Amitabh Bachchan-starrer Besharam in 1978.
He also acted in Marathi and Bhojpuri films.
Known as a man of principles, he had consistently refused to act in roles that demanded poking fun on handicapped and physically compromised people, earning respect in the film industry.
He retired from films after working in Mere Yaar Ki Shaadi Hai and Calcutta Mail.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Inflation in India close to post financial crisis lows: NomuraInflation in India close to post financial crisis lows: Nomura
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 02, 2014 12:45 PM IST
Japanese brokerage Nomura today said inflation levels in India are close to post global financial crisis lows, and retained its positive stance on the country's stock market.
According to the global financial services major, the national accounts reveal that inflation rates across sectors in the country are close to post-GFC (global financial crisis) lows.
"Inflation across aggregate sectors is close to post-GFC lows; we reiterate our positive stance on the market and remain OW (overweight) on financials," Nomura said in a research note.
The headline retail and wholesale inflation figures since July coincided with the collapse of global commodity prices, led by crude oil.
Among other factors that led to the decline in headline retail inflation include significant fall in global agricultural commodity prices and strong base effects.
According to official figure, wholesale inflation came down to a five-year low at 1.77% in October while retail inflation hit a record low of 5.52% in the same month.
"We maintain our positive view on the market and overweight stance on financials," Nomura said, adding that the Sensex is trading at around 7% premium to its 5-year average which 'we think is not expensive'.
In August, Nomura had raised its BSE Sensex target to 30,310 for August 2015.
Stock markets have seen significant gains in 2014 and the BSE benchmark sensitive index (Sensex) has gained 7,268.23 points or 34.33% so far this year.
The 30-share Sensex was trading 0.41% down at 28,441.16 in the afternoon as the Reserve Bank did not cut the key interest rate, maintaining status quo at the monetary policy review today.

USD 3-bn investment might be gamechanger for NepalIndia's $3-billion investment might be gamechanger for Nepal
Anil Giri     Kathmandu   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 13:38 IST
Picture for representation purpose only. (Source: Reuters)
Within just six months at the helm, Prime Minister Narendra Modi injected over $3 billion of investments into Nepal , a possible gamechanger in Nepal-India relations that may entirely change the economic landscape of the Himalayan nation.
The two sides recently reached three agreements - two in the energy sector and one on country's line of credit - and another landmark power trade agreement. Tapping Nepal's hydropower resources is a major focus in the deals signed.
Mired by decades-long armed conflict that totally devastated Nepal's economy, the size of which is a mere $62.384 billion, the Himalayan nation needs huge investments in infrastructure development, fighting poverty alleviation and illiteracy and food security.
The latest Indian initiative under Modi started with the signing of the project development agreement on September 19 of the 900 MW Upper Karnali hydropower project in west Nepal between Investment Board Nepal and country's GMR-ITD Consortium.
The second and third were country's soft loans of $1 billion for various Nepali infrastructure projects and the project development agreement of Arun III between the Investment Board Nepal and Satluj Jal Vidyut Nigam of India on the sidelines of the 18th SAARC summit in Katmandu last week.
Both Upper Karnali and Arun III will have a generation capacity of 900 MW each and the projects will cost over $2.4 billion at present market rate. This is probably the biggest investment coming in Nepal within a short span of time from one country.
This has also rekindled hopes that the much touted and ambitious Pancheshwar Multipurpose Project, which was initially signed some 17 years ago between Nepal and India, is all set to take off.
The 6,720-MW project will cost over $6 billion and the two sides are ready to set up the Pancheshwar Development Authority within a couple of months.
While inaugurating the India-funded trauma centre in Kathmandu November 25, the country's prime minister thanked the prime minister of Nepal, the political parties and officers of Nepal for removing obstacles and speeding up work which had been held up for the last 25 to 30 years. He said he felty satisfied because "a happy Nepal gives India a reason to smile".
Nepal and India have been discussing building the Upper Karnali project for 30 years and Arun III for six years.
"It is only possible due to the charismatic leadership of Modi," Chirinjivi Nepal, economic advisor to Nepal Prime Minister Sushil Koirala, told IANS.
With the signing of the power trade agreement with India and two project development agreements with GMR and Satluj, many foreign investors are keen to invest in Nepal's hydropower sector, the obvious market of which is India, said Nepal.
The wavelength between Modi and Koirala also played a very crucial role to move ahead, he said.
Apart from these projects, several other pending projects between Nepal and India are moving ahead, giving bilateral relations a fresh impetus.
There have been positive reactions from civil society, political fraternity and media since Modi started taking a "lead neighbourhood first" in his foreign policy mantra.
A recent editorial in The Kathmandu Post stated: "The August (2014) visit, the first by an Indian prime minister in 17 years, proved effective in getting rid of the resentments that had accumulated over the last decade, and in establishing a foundation for greater economic cooperation. Modi is expected to take up where he left off last time."
But, the daily stated, the question was whether the hardcore anti-India nationalism prevailing in some political classes in Nepal would let these projects go ahead because the hardliner Maoist faction has been upping the ante against the Upper Karnali and Arun III.
"There is no chance to look back. We are waiting for more good from India. Regression is over," Nepal said.
(IANS)

 Markets Pricing in Early 2015 Rate Cut; Rally to ContinueYou are here: Home Market
Debt Markets Start Pricing in Early 2015 Rate Cut; Rally Seen to Continue
Reuters | Updated On: December 02, 2014 19:53 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
India's debt and swap markets rallied on Tuesday as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) reinforced expectations of an interest rate cut early next year.
The RBI held interest rates steady at a policy review earlier in the day, as widely expected, but said it could ease monetary policy by early 2015 depending on whether inflation cools further and on government efforts to shore up the country's finances.
Indian markets initially extended losses in a knee-jerk reaction to the RBI's decision to maintain status quo on rates, but soon recovered as traders bet on monetary easing at the RBI's next review on February 3.
The benchmark 10-year bond yield, which rose 3 basis points (bps) in the immediate aftermath of the policy review, closed down 9 bps at 7.97 percent, after touching 7.95 percent intraday, its lowest level since July 19, 2013.
Traders said they expect the debt and swap market rally to continue in the near-term, though the pace of the rally may slow until there is more clarity on the timing of the rate move.
"The bond market is running ahead, but there's more conviction about policy easing by February," said A. Prasanna, economist with ICICI Securities Primary Dealership in Mumbai.
Banking stocks also rallied on rate cut bets while state-run banks gained on hopes of large treasury gains due to the fall in bond yields.
The NSE Bank index closed 0.16 per cent higher after dropping as much as 1.2 per cent earlier.
In the overnight indexed swap (OIS) market, the benchmark 5-year swap rate dropped to a low of 7.05 per cent, its lowest since June 19, 2013 while the 1-year swap rate fell as low as 7.67 per cent, its lowest since July 15, 2013.
The 5-year rate ended down 6 bps on the day at 7.10 per cent while the 1-year rate closed steady on the day at 7.75 per cent. Rates rose on profit-booking in the latter part of the session, traders said.
"OIS is pricing in cuts, but that doesn't mean we can't go any lower as everything depends on how fast the RBI cuts rates, which in turn depends on how inflation pans out. I wouldn't pay rates here but bonds definitely offer value," said Kumar Rachapudi, a fixed income strategist with ANZ Bank in Singapore.
"The 10-year bond yield can move to 7.50 per cent once the RBI starts cutting."
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Find out who wins Coimbatore final of Tata Crucible 2014Dec 02, 2014, 01.29 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Find out who wins Coimbatore final of Tata Crucible 2014
Watch the Coimbatore final of Tata Crucible 2014 where six outstanding teams compete for a place in the southern zonal final.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Find out who wins Coimbatore final of Tata Crucible 2014
Watch the Coimbatore final of Tata Crucible 2014 where six outstanding teams compete for a place in the southern zonal final.
Post your opinion here

Looking for retirement benefit scheme Here s helplooking for retirement benefit scheme here s help
Sensex down on RBI rate cut status quoHi Guest
Markets at close: Sensex, Nifty fall as RBI dashes rate cut hope
The 30-share Sensex closed down 115 points at 28,444 and the 50-share Nifty ended down 31 points at 8,524.   Markets ended lower weighed down by IT majors while rate sensitive shares witnessed profit taking after the Reserve Bank of India decided to keep key rates unchanged at its policy review on Tuesday.The 30-share Sensex closed down 115 points at 28,444 and the 50-share Nifty ended down 31 points at 8,524.   In the broader market, both BSE midcap and smallcap indices with gains of ...

Bajaj Auto motorcycle sales down 6% in NovemberBajaj Auto motorcycle sales down 6% in November
Sensex  Nifty remains weakSensex  Nifty remains weak
FBI warns of  destructive  malware in wake of Sony attackFBI warns of  destructive  malware in wake of Sony attack
Brighter days ahead for India as inflation cools offHi Guest
Brighter days ahead for India as inflation cools off
Japanese brokerage Nomura on Monday said inflation levels in India are close to post global financial crisis lows, and retained its positive stance on the country's stock market.    Image: A man carrying colourful toys on his bicycle in Lucknow. Photograph: Pawan Kumar/Reuters  According to the global financial services major, the national accounts reveal that inflation rates across sectors in the country are close to post-GFC (global financial crisis) lows. "Inflation across aggregate sectors ...

Uproar in Parliament over ministers  remarksUproar in Parliament over ministers  remarks
Gnanadesikan appointed as new TN Chief SecretaryGnanadesikan appointed as new TN Chief Secretary
Tata Motors declines after muted growth in November salesTata Motors declines after muted growth in November sales
Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on December 2Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on December 2
Jayalalithaa assets case judgementWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

700 firms under RBI lens for non-payment of investors  money700 companies under RBI lens for non-payment of investors' money
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 28, 2014  | 18:35 IST
Photo: Reuters
More than 700 companies across the country have come under the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) scanner for alleged non- payment of investors' money, the government said on Friday.
Further, the RBI is in the process of ascertaining the number of potential Non-Banking Financial Companies (NBFCs) which are functioning without proper registration.
The move comes against the backdrop of rising instances of people getting duped by illicit money pooling activities.
"RBI has reported that there are 701 companies operating in different states/union territories which are not registered with RBI, against whom complaints regarding non-payment of investors' money have been received or noticed by RBI during the last three calendar years and till November 20 in current year," Finance Minister Arun Jaitley informed the Lok Sabha.
These companies are spread across Ahmedabad, Bengaluru, Bhopal, Bhubaneswar, Chandigarh, Chennai, Guwahati, Jaipur, Hyderabad, Kanpur, Kolkata, Mumbai, New Delhi, Patna and Thiruvananthapuram.
In December 2012, the Corporate Affairs Ministry had send a list of 34,754 companies to RBI stating that many of them might be carrying out NBFC activities without mandatory registration with the central bank.
RBI has conducted a one-time examination of financials of all these companies to check whether they were required to be registered with it. Those already registered with the apex bank were exempted.
Out of the list, 4,102 companies were registered as NBFCs while 14,323 entities were not required to be registered with RBI.
Around 5,912 companies are prima-facie carrying on business that meets the principal business criteria to be treated as NBFC and required to be registered with RBI.
However, out of them, 421 were not granted registration or their certificates of registration were cancelled.
In the written reply, Jaitley said the central bank is in the process of initiating action against erring companies for violation of the RBI Act.
Further, the minister said the central bank has taken various steps to curb activities of unauthorised entities under the RBI Act.

Maruti Suzuki Recalls 3 800 Ciaz Sedans for Suspected Faulty ClutchYou are here: Home Corporates
Maruti Suzuki Recalls 3,800 Ciaz Sedans for Suspected Faulty Clutch
NDTV | Updated On: December 01, 2014 14:51 (IST)
Court Refuses to Let Off Hindalco in Coal Block Case
Maruti Suzuki on Monday said it has recalled 3,796 units of its newly-launched mid-sized premium sedan Ciaz for "suspected fault" with the clutch operation system. The recalled Ciaz units have been manufactured before November 7, Maruti Suzuki said.
"The company has decided to undertake a service campaign for these cars, in the interest of customers. Maruti Suzuki dealers have started to communicate with owners of the impacted vehicles," Maruti Suzuki said in a statement.
The inspection and replacement will be done free of cost to the customer, the company said.
Maruti, India's biggest carmaker, sold nearly 5,232 units of Ciaz in November. In October, the company claimed to have outsold Honda City, its biggest competitor in this segment.
Automobile companies have been pro-active in recalling vehicles in case of safety issues since industry body SIAM initiated a voluntary recall policy in 2012. In the long- run, car recalls are positive for both the customer and the car maker, say experts.
Story first published on: December 01, 2014 14:39 (IST)

Supreme Court notice to Haryana govt on assault on media persons in HisarBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 1, 2014 6:07 pm
The Supreme Court on Monday issued notice to the Centre and Haryana government on alleged assault by police on media persons during an operation to arrest ‘godman’ Rampal in Hisar and sought their response on a plea of some journalists seeking judicial probe into the incident.
Agreeing to hear a PIL filed by a group of journalists including those who were assaulted by the police, a bench headed by Justice T S Thakur sought response from the governments.
The plea filed by a group of media persons, including Vikas Chandra, Prabhakar Mishra and Shree Niwas, sought punishment for “erring police officials” for resorting to baton charge “without caution and care”.
They alleged that there was an increasing tendency to “muzzle the press” by government authorities and sought “appropriate compensation” for affected journalists and framing of guidelines to ensure “free and fair functioning of the media”.
Besides the incident at Hisar, it also referred to various recent incidents in which media persons were attacked. “It is surprising that, despite proper approval from their channels and local authority the journalists were targeted by police from behind and subjected to the unprovoked attack suddenly near Satlok Ashram near Barwala town of Haryana while they were covering the violent clash between sect followers and security forces…,” it said, adding a superior police officer first allowed them to go near the site and later resorted to ‘lathi charge’.

Oct core sector output jumps to four-month highOctober infrastructure output jumps to four-month high of 6.3 per cent
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 1, 2014  | 20:00 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The growth rate of eight of core industries rose to a four-month-high of 6.3 per cent in October on the back of better output in coal, refinery products and electricity, a positive news ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) monetary policy review on Tuesday.
The eight core industries - coal, crude oil, natural gas, refinery products, fertiliser, steel, cement and electricity - had shrunk by 0.1 per cent in October 2013, while the growth rate was 1.9 per cent in September 2014.
Production in coal, refinery products and electricity registered a growth of 16.2 per cent, 4.2 per cent and 13.2 per cent, respectively in October, as per the data released by the Commerce and Industry Ministry.
Growth in coal and refinery products had declined by 3.5 per cent and 5 per cent, respectively in October 2013 while growth in power generation was only 1.3 per cent.
Expansion in crude oil and steel production was 1 per cent and 2.3 per cent respectively in October. The growth in the two sectors was slower than the previous month.
The core sector contributes 38 per cent in the overall industrial production, a parameter that RBI takes into account while framing its monetary policy.
The central bank is expected to hold interest rate at 8 per cent in its fifth bi-monthly monetary policy review on Tuesday despite the industry's demand for a rate cut to push the economic growth, which has slowed to 5.3 per cent in September quarter from 5.7 per cent in the June-quarter of the 2014-15 financial year.
During April-October, the eight sectors grew by 4.3 per cent as against 4.2 per cent in the corresponding year-ago period.

Amazon falls on debt sale planDecember 1, 2014 5:59 pm
Amazon falls on debt sale plans disclosure
Mamta Badkar and Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e04c2ce6-7979-11e4-9e81-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Energy sell-off catches US shale lenders© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/03afc19e-7979-11e4-9e81-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Here is this years provocative war on Christmas billboardBy Abby Ohlheiser December 1 Follow @abbyohlheiser
(American Atheists)
The most reliable annual “war on Christmas” fodder in all the land has arrived: A billboard, released by an atheist group, prodding at the religious foundation of the Christmas season with a reminder that atheists exist.
This year’s billboard — as it has in the past — comes from American Atheists. And this year’s billboard — as it has in the past — will fail to live up to the worst fears of its critics.
Don’t worry, Christmas is still coming. Billboards don’t cancel Christmas.
The billboard will appear in Memphis, Nashville, Milwaukee, St. Louis and Fort Smith, Ark. — right in the middle of a handful of red states. The campaign, according to an American Atheists news release , is “aimed at in-the-closet atheists who are pressured to observe religious traditions during the holidays” and who might want to attend the group’s Memphis conference next year. Running from Dec. 1 through Dec. 24, the campaign will also give the group a lot of press coverage (like this article) in the lead-up to Christmas.
“Dear Santa,” the billboard reads. “All I want for Christmas is to skip church! I’m too old for fairy tales.”
Last year, the same group purchased a billboard in Times Square. A state senator took the bait and asked for the billboard to come down. The group responded by announcing it would put up a similar billboard in the senator’s home district, on Staten Island.
In 2012, American Atheists had another billboard in Times Square, this one reading: “Keep the Merry! Dump the Myth!” Similar billboards from the group go back at least four years, to 2010.
Effective or not, the campaigns are certainly good at attracting attention to an affiliation that does not fare particularly well in public opinion polls.
According to a  Pew  poll on belief, many of the states targeted by the campaign have a smaller-than-average percentage of people who responded that they do not believe in God. In Tennessee, for instance, just 2 percent of respondents said they do not believe in God; 12 percent of respondents stated that they were religiously unaffiliated (the national averages are 5 percent and 16 percent, respectively).
But American Atheists said it is bringing the campaign to the South not because of the quantity of atheists there, but because “discrimination and mistrust of atheists is especially pronounced” in the region.
Although atheists (along with the religiously affiliated) debate the extent of backlash and discrimination atheists face across the country, that history is written into state law: Tennessee,  along with seven other states , has a law on the books banning atheists from holding public office — though those laws are unenforceable thanks to a mid-20th century Supreme Court decision. In Mississippi, where the atheist group failed to secure placement for an ad in Jackson, two unenforceable laws prevent atheists from holding office and from testifying in court.
Overall, American attitudes towards atheists are not positive. In a poll earlier this year, a majority of Americans said that a belief in God is necessary for individual morality. And a temperature-based rating system from Pew measuring how people in the United States feel about different faith groups found that Americans, by a wide margin, have the “coldest” feelings for atheists and Muslims, of all religious groups.
Will this billboard change those numbers? Probably not. But every Christmas now comes with a war on Christmas. This billboard will help to kick off the season.
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.

Bill Cosby Resigns From Alma Mater Temple University s Boardbill cosby resigns from alma mater temple university s board
Russia braced for catastrophic oil plungeRussia braced for ‘catastrophic’ oil plunge
Anjli Raval, Neil Hume and Jonathan Eley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c32ccb0a-6bd9-11e4-b939-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Qataris complain about Songbird adviserQataris complain about Songbird adviser
Kate Allen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c955c9f2-7942-11e4-a57d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lower US yields spur corporate debt salesLower US bond yields spur corporate debt sales
Michael Mackenzie in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/851526f0-7971-11e4-9e81-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Traders credit market concerns growTraders’ credit market concerns grow
Andrew Bolger
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5b761e54-73f3-11e4-82a6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rise of bond funds holds liquidity puzzleLiquidity puzzle lurks within bond funds’ extraordinary rise
Tracy Alloway in New York
Even with global mutual bond fund assets at $7.3tn, problems persist in the market
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d80feb6c-737a-11e4-907b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cheap energy is new cheap labourCheap energy is the new cheap labour
John Gapper
For companies wondering where to locate, the world has turned upside down
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c441e950-7410-11e4-b444-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shale jubilation fades as oil price falls undercut modelShale jubilation fades as oil price falls undercut model
Ed Crooks
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3b77430a-5dd5-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

To improve infra  tonnage to support shipping industry: SCIWe have to improve our port infrastructure, tonnage and we have to give some support to the local industry - be it shipbuilding, ports, shipping companies
AK Gupta
CMD
SCI
In a bid to the shipping industry, the government has decided to launch the PM JalMargYojna and projects for setting up dry and satellite ports, besides converting riverways into waterways.
Shipping Corporation of India  (SCI) is one of the beneficiaries of the PM JalMargYojna. Company CMD AK Gupta feels the government is focusing on setting up infrastructure ports.
Going ahead, the company will have to improve infrastructure and tonnage that supports shipping infrastructure, he says in an interview to CNBC-TV18.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: How could a company like yours benefit from this JalMarg Yojana Scheme?
A: Anything which happens good for the shipping will benefit all shipping companies including SCI. We are the largest shipping company in India so any development any progress in any promotion of Indian ship building ports we will get to bite the pie.
Q: There are various ports that will be set up in states like Uttar Pradesh and Telangana there will be awarding of orders to companies like yours. So, if you could just tell us what the scope is what the potential is for a company like SCI in terms of revenue, growth etc?
A: SCI is not into ports but the focus of the government is surely development of ports, development of infrastructure and setting up more ports not only the ports that are on the shore but virtual ports the ports in the hinterland so they can be virtual ports. You need not ship you can ship from inland ports. So, that is the focus of the government and we are very happy that such a push is being given. Ultimately, what we have to see that India carries only about 9-10 percent of our export import (exim) trade and rest of all is taken up by foreign shipping lines. This is our main concern we have to improve our port infrastructure. We have to improve our tonnage and we have to give some support to the local industry let it be shipbuilding, ports and the shipping companies.
Q: The last three years have been loss making for Shipping Corporation but this year it has looked better at least in the first two quarters. In your sense do you think that the company will make profit this year?
A: I can’t forecast but keep your fingers crossed. I am trying my, we all in the Shipping Corporation my senior management we are trying our best that we want to be in the black this year.
Shipping Corp stock price
On December 10, 2014, Shipping Corporation of India closed at Rs 59.45, down Rs 1.25, or 2.06 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 73.25 and the 52-week low was Rs 35.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 0.34 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 174.85. The latest book value of the company is Rs 136.11 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.44.
RELATED NEWS

Facebook hires IIT grads for Rs 1.55 cr | E-tailers use stock to lure top execsYou are here: Home > Collections > Placement
Facebook signs up IIT graduates for Rs 1.55 crore; companies offer more jobs this placement season
Sreeradha D Basu & Devina Sengupta, ET Bureau Dec 2, 2014, 10.40AM IST
Tags:
Esop
(In the first 20 hours, online…)
MUMBAI: A spectacular initial burst — at least 15-20% more jobs, 10-20% higher average salaries and 30% increase in global offers — set the pace for this year's placement season at Indian Institutes of Technology which kicked off on Monday.
Sources from eight campuses that ET spoke to said hiring and salaries will shoot up this year, after a relatively slow 3-4 years.
In the first 20 hours, online social networking giant Facebook ruled the roost with a Rs 1.55 crore ($250,000) salary offer including bonus and ESOPs for a US posting.
This is the probably the highest ever offer across IITs in recent years.
Facebook made the offer for software engineer profiles based out of California to three students at IIT Kharagpur and to an unknown number at IIT-Bombay, sources at the two institutes revealed. The company did not respond to an email sent by ET.
Overall, big-ticket offers were back with a bang as other top paymasters, according to campus sources, included Samsung - $150,000 (Rs 93 lakh), Microsoft -$129,000 (Rs 80 lakh), Oracle - $125,000 plus Esops (Rs 78 lakh plus Esops), Google - $125,000 (Rs 78 lakh) and Visa -$140,000 (Rs 87 lakh).
At IIT-BHU, Varanasi, the top package from a multinational was Rs 77.5 lakh ($100,000 base salary, $15,000 sign-on bonus and $10,000 relocation and stock options), an over 19% jump over the top offer last year. At IIT-Kanpur, it went up over 36% from $110,000 last year to $150,000 this time.
"If this momentum continues, we will place 1,200 students in the first 20 days compared to 1,000 last year," a placement team member of IIT-Kharagpur said. Across campuses, international offers saw a boom compared to last year. Oracle, for instance, said that it is hiring for 15 overseas roles this year, compared to 13 last time. Students will join the American multinational computer technology corporation in product development roles across its hardware, software or industry-specific based groups. Cisco Systems and Visa Inc offered overseas roles for the first time.
International offers will shoot up by 30%, agreed a placement source at IIT Kanpur.
More offers --from the likes of ServiceNow ($90,000) and Epic Systems ($90,000) - are in the offing, he said.
Other first day recruiters across the 16 IITs included the likes of Goldman Sachs, HUL, ITC, Credit Suisse, McKinsey & Co and BCG. IIT-Bombay, which on student demand, has moved up some core engineering companies to premium slots, had GE, Airbus and Qualcomm among others, vying with traditional first-day recruiters for the first time.
Tower Research with Rs 44 lakh for an international role and WorldQuant with Rs 42 lakh for a domestic profile were among prominent recruiters at campuses such as IIT-Kanpur, placement sources revealed. Goldman Sachs offered packages of Rs 26 lakh and Credit Suisse around Rs 15-18 lakh while Samsung offered the most for its Korea posting.
Final placements at the IITs start on December 1 and are completed in two phases.
A majority of the recruiters come in the first few weeks of December while the subsequent phase starts in January.
The highest-paying and most-in-demand companies are typically slotted for the first few days of placements.
At IIT-Kharagpur, Facebook has made the top offer while Google, Microsoft and Cisco also competed for the best talent.
Oilfield services company Baker Hughes, ITC (Rs 18 lakh approx), Schlumberger, Cairn India, Shell were among those recruiting for domestic roles. Microsoft paid around Rs 20 lakh for the India profiles. Xerox, the global printer manufacturer picked up students for 'budding scientist' profiles, said placement sources.
"The placements have been very good so far and from midnight to 6 am on Monday (1st day slot), 49 offers were rolled out, out of which 8 were international.
Around 31 companies are expected on the first day," Natesan Srinivasan, faculty in-charge, training & placement for IIT-Guwahati said A statement from IIT-Madras said the highest offer was $129,500 while the highest domestic salary was Rs 30 lakh. Microsoft, Goldman Sachs, Samsung R&D and Xerox were among the companies who visited. The institute said it received 17 offers in the graveyard session (midnight to 6am) and another 64 in the forenoon one (6am to noon).
The placement season will continue till March-April, though a bulk of offers would roll out over the next three weeks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Duncan Campbell wins Turner PrizeDuncan Campbell wins Turner Prize for film that ‘almost succeeds’
James Pickford
Judges praise Glasgow artist’s ‘ambitious and complex’ film ‘It for Others’
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/94583668-7983-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gujarat govt studying tax structure of e-commerce cos for loopholes: Saurabh PatelCBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case
The Gujarat government is studying tax structure as well as the business model of e-commerce portals to find out possible loopholes which might be giving them an edge over retailers in terms of pricing of products.
“At present, we are studying the taxation structure applicable to such e-commerce portals in Gujarat, especially when they are selling articles at such a low price.
“We have to find out if there exist any loopholes in the tax structure which is benefiting them,” state Finance Minister Saurabh Patel said here.
To a query whether the state government is planning to impose a separate tax on such firms doing business in Gujarat, Patel did not rule out the possibility.
The minister echoed concerns of local traders, who are wary about their existence after a range of e-commerce portals have started selling goods at ‘predatory prices’.
“It is our duty to protect the retailers of Gujarat. There must be a level playing field. We need to find out if there exists a difference in taxes paid by traders against taxes paid by portal owners. We are also studying which are the taxes these portals actually pay,” he said.
As of now, a study about the tax structure applicable to such portals is being conducted. Decision on whether to impose additional tax or revise the tax structure for portals will be taken later, Patel added.
A month ago, Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman had acknowledged that the government has received many complaints from traders regarding Flipkart’s massive discount sale that raked in Rs 600 crore in a single day.
Patel assured to look into complaints of ‘predatory prices’ on goods sold by Flipkart after traders alleged that the e-commerce giant resorted to unfair trade practices.
Local traders are up in arms against e-commerce portals for eating into their business due to attraction among consumers to purchase online as they offer huge discounts.
TAGS: Ecommerce Gujarat
More from economy
Per capita annual income increases in national capital The per capita annual income in the national capital has increased to Rs 2.19 lakh in 2013-14 as campared to Rs 1.92 lakh in the previous fiscal.

India test-fires nuclear-capable Agni-IV mis...Agni-IV
(This was the fourth trial…)
BALASORE (ODISHA): India today successfully test-fired its nuclear-capable strategic ballistic missile Agni-IV, with a strike range of about 4000 km, from a test range off the Odisha coast.
This was the fourth trial of Agni-IV missile. The last trial was carried out successfully on January 20 this year from the same test range off Odisha coast.
Supported by a mobile launcher, the sleek missile was flight tested from the launch complex-4 of Integrated Test Range (ITR) at Wheeler Island, at about 1020 hours.
The test conducted by the specially formed Strategic Force Command (SFC) was successful, said Ravi Kumar Gupta , Director of the Directorate of Public Interface, Defence Research and Development Organisation ( DRDO ).
"The sophisticated surface-to-surface missile is equipped with modern and compact avionics to provide high level of reliability," sources said.
Agni-IV missile is equipped with state of the art Avionics, 5th generation On Board Computer and distributed architecture. It has the latest features to correct and guide itself for in-flight disturbances.
The most accurate Ring Laser Gyro based Inertial Navigation System (RINS) and supported by highly reliable redundant Micro Navigation System (MINGS), ensures the vehicle reach the target within two digit accuracy.
The re-entry heat shield can withstand temperatures in the range of 4000 degree centigrade and makes sure the avionics function normally with inside temperature remaining less than 50 degree centigrade. Agni-I, II and III and Prithvi are already in the arsenal of armed forces, giving them reach of over 3000 km, giving India an effective deterrence capability, they said.
Radars and electro-optical systems positioned along the coast of Odisha tracked and monitored all the parameters of the missile, the sources said adding two Indian naval ships anchored near the target area witnessed the final event.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Moderate polling in Jammu and KashmirUpdated: December 3, 2014 09:57 IST
It’s ‘mission change’ for Kashmiri youth
Zahid Rafiq
Tweet
PTI
A jawan stands guard as voters wait in a long queue at a polling station in Handwara district of Jammu and Kashmir on Tuesday.
The Hindu
Election officials waiting to collect the Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs) at Govt.Industrial Training Institute in North Kashmir’s Handwara frontier district of Kupwara on Monday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
TOPICS
voting
The streets and markets in Handwara town wore a deserted look on Tuesday, but polling booths were abuzz with voters queuing up to cast the vote. Tea and kehwa were served inside the booths as children tagged along with parents.
Similar to the first phase of polling, youth came out on larges numbers to vote, a feature that was missing in elections for the past two decades. This time youngsters in Kupwara and Handwara came with a mission, to vote for “change”.
“Earlier, leaders made empty promises. They promised government jobs and other things. This time, we are voting for Sajjad Lone and we are sure he will bring change. He will bring factories and industries here and he will completely change this place,” said Khalid Ahmad Bhat, a 21-year-old voter from Handwara.
Mr. Bhat’s father was given a job in the State Fisheries department by Sajjad Lone’s father, the late Abdul Ghani Lone, who founded the People’s Conference Party (PCP). The young tractor driver believes that Mr. Lone will also help him find better employment.
Supporters of National Conference candidate Choudhary Ramzan were equally confident of their candidate’s victory. Mr. Ramzan has won from the constituency four times.
A few km away in Langate constituency, hundreds of people voted for the maverick leader and sitting MLA, Engineer Abdul Rasheed. Rasheed, a former party worker with Mr. Lone’s People's Conference, started his own party called the Awami Itihaad Party (AIP) during the 2008 Assembly elections. Posters of Mr. Rasheed were the only ones that were visible in the area.
“He made our life better from the oppression of the Army and from the forced labour in Army camps that we endured for years. That is why we are voting for him, because he stands up for us. We don’t need development, we need protection from the Army,” Mudasir Ahmad, a supporter of Mr. Rasheed, told The Hindu.
While there was brisk voting, a group of 40 women raised black flags and anti-India slogans at the entrance to the polling booth in Kunan village in Kupwara. The women accused Army soldiers of a mass rape during a crackdown in 1990. “After we were raped, each of us had to undergo surgeries and we live with a deeper wound that will never heal and as long as we live, we will not be silent even though we know that we will never get any justice within the Indian system,” one of the protesting women said.
The protests, however, didn’t deter voters from exercising their franchise. By 2.25 pm, 452 of the 890 votes had been cast while the women kept protesting. The scene, in a way, was a larger picture of these elections. Voters ignored their past wounds with a hope for change.

Bajaj Corp extends rally on Temasek stake buyBajaj Corp extends rally on Temasek stake buy
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 02, 2014 12:24 PM IST
Shares of Bajaj Corp has rallied 5% to Rs 351, extending its past four day gain, in otherwise subdued market on BSE. The stock opened at Rs 330 and touched a high of Rs 354, also its record high on the BSE.
The stock of personal products maker has rallied 15% in past one week from Rs 304 on November 25, after Singapore's sovereign wealth fund Temasek acquired stake in the company through open market. The benchmark S&P BSE Sensex gained 0.30% during the same period.
On November 25, SKB Roop Commercial LLP, the promoter group company, had sold 12 million shares representing 8.13% stake of Bajaj Corp at price of Rs 270 per share, the BSE bulk deal data shows. This brings down the promoter holding in Bajaj Corp from 75% to 67%.
Baytree Investments Mauritius Private Limited purchased 11.93 million shares for a little over Rs 320 crore, data shows.
Baytree Investments is a subsidiary of Singapore headquartered Temasek, which has 12 affiliates and offices in Asia and Latin America.
Meanwhile, on November 28, Bajaj Corp said that its board approved to increase the aggregate investment limit of Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) from 24% to 49% of the paid-up equity capital.
 

Review day: RBI Guv RaghuramRajan says don t intend to flip-flop on policyBeleaguered RBI Guv Raghuram Rajan says cbank works on ‘certainties’
By: PTI |        Mumbai |  December 2, 2014 3:14 pm
Summary
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) does not intend to flip-flop on policy and is in discussions…
RBI does not intend to flip-flop on policy and is in discussions with the govt for a new monetary framework which it hopes to finalise shortly, Governor Raghuram Rajan said. (Reuters)
Other Articles
CBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case
Embattled RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan, who has been facing a lot of pressure over the last few months to cut rates, defended status quo in the monetary policy today, saying that he does not want to do a “flip-flop” on it and is looking for “certainty” on various factors, mainly inflation, before lowering the key interest rate.
Rajan also announced progress in talks with the government on the adoption of a monetary policy framework, saying the inflation target for January 2016 and beyond has been set at 4 per cent, plus or minus 2 per cent.
“We have to make sure that the (disinflation) process is well underway. We have had a couple of months (of low inflation) after five years of high inflation. We want to make sure that this is for real especially because we don’t intend to flip-flop,” Rajan told reporters at the post-policy media briefing after the 5th bi-monthly monetary policy, wherein he left all policy rates unchanged.
ANALYSTS’ COMMENTARY: ‘Change in stance by Raghuram Rajan’s RBI very heartening’
RBI POLICY REVIEW: HIGHLIGHTS
“The Reserve Bank wants to get more certainty about the pace of inflation movement before changing its stance,” he said.
Rajan reiterated that the desire is to have a linear movement once RBI shifts its policy stance to being accommodative, adding that the central bank does not want one policy to offer a cut and the next to raise the rates.
Rajan, who is targeting to contain inflation at 6 per cent by January 2016, said disinflation process is underway and factors like the fall in global crude prices are positive for the country that imports over 80 per cent of its fuel requirements.
The consumer price inflation fell for the 5th consecutive month to 5.52 per cent in October, driven largely by base effects, while whole price index touched a five-year low of 1.8 per cent in the same month.
However, Rajan said: “A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature. However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle.”
On the new monetary policy framework, which would involve setting of a formal inflation target and accountability to deliver on the same, Rajan said talks with the government have progressed well and the details will be announced soon.
“The government has indicated that it is comfortable in setting a target of 4 per cent, plus or minus 2 per cent, as suggested by a number of committees, including the Urjit Patel committee for inflation beyond 2016,” he said.
RBI Deputy Governor Urjit Patel, under whose chairmanship a committee had earlier this year suggested adoption of inflation targeting under a new monetary policy framework like some countries do, said the medium-term inflation target will help guide the central bank towards a stable regime and help bring down the risk premium which gets attached.
Commenting on the actual working of the arrangement, which sets in after January 2016, Rajan said: “If we achieve the 6 per cent target, we will be at the upper edge of the suggested band of inflation and there will be work to do going forward.”
The timeframe for achieving the long-term targeted 4 per cent inflation is something which will have to be discussed, he added.
On the support from the government and the fiscal deficit number, he said it has assured that it is sticking to the target of containing that at 4.1 per cent in spite of troubling factors like uncertainties on the growth, which is limiting revenues.
While taking on corporates for repeatedly demanding rate cuts, Rajan said money market rates are already on a downward spiral even though RBI has not cut the rates.
He said however that the transmission is not happening to actual lending rates by banks.
Unless banks pass on the benefits accruing to them as a result of a dip in policy rates, chances of a rate cut by RBI are “mild”, he added.
“I do believe that there is a signalling effect and I do believe that once banks are confident that rates will come down and stay down, they may start passing through more to consumers,” the Governor said.
Rajan, however, maintained that he is not suggesting anything banks to lower their lending rates.
Meanwhile, Patel flagged some concerns which should be on the radar even as the global crude prices are sliding. He said the slide is a result of price wars between the conventional crude producers (OPEC bloc) and the upcoming shale gas players (primarily by the US), and we need to be sensitive that it may rebound as fast it has declined once the balance tilts.
After having dismantled the gold import curbs over the week, Rajan did not sound much concerned over the high imports of gold, saying that the dip in crude prices creates some room in the current account.
The move to do away with the 80:20 rule on gold imports was initiated from the government’s side and was a “reasonable” one, he added.
TAGS: Raghuram Rajan RBI Policy Reserve Bank Of India
More from economy
Per capita annual income increases in national capital The per capita annual income in the national capital has increased to Rs 2.19 lakh in 2013-14 as campared to Rs 1.92 lakh in the previous fiscal.

Muzaffarnagar riots: Charges framed against 6 accused in murdercaseBy: Press Trust of India | Muzaffarnagar |
Posted: December 2, 2014 12:59 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 1:01 pm
Charges have been framed against six accused by the district court in Muzaffarnagar in connection with the killing of a villager during the communal clashes last year.
Additional District and Sessions Judge Jitender Kumar has framed charges under Sections 302 (murder), 147 (rioting), 148 (rioting armed with deadly weapon) and 149 and 153a (promotingenmity between different groups and carrying out acts prejudicial to maintenance of harmony) of IPC against the accused, identified as Karan Bhgoda, Bablu, Bittu, Niraj, Ashok and Amit here yesterday.
The court fixed Dec. 18 as the date for the prosecution to present its evidence in the case.
According to the prosecution, the victim, identified as one Sagir of Kharad village of the district, was murdered while several houses were burnt by rioters on September 8,
2013.
The Special Investigation Team probing the riots cases had filed the charge-sheet against the six accused.
Communal violence which broke out in Muzaffarnagar in early September of last year left more than 40 people dead and
about 40,000 homeless.

Inflation in India at post-financial crisis ...Inflation at post-financial crisis lows; stays positive on market: Nomura
PTI Dec 2, 2014, 11.14AM IST
(It also added that the market…)
NEW DELHI: Japanese brokerage Nomura today said inflation levels in India are close to post global financial crisis lows, and retained its positive stance on the country's stock market.
According to the global financial services major, the national accounts reveal that inflation rates across sectors in the country are close to post-GFC (global financial crisis) lows.
"Inflation across aggregate sectors is close to post-GFC lows; we reiterate our positive stance on the market and remain OW (overweight) on financials," Nomura said in a research note.
The headline retail and wholesale inflation figures since July coincided with the collapse of global commodity prices, led by crude oil.
Among other factors that led to the decline in headline retail inflation include significant fall in global agricultural commodity prices and strong base effects.
According to official figure, wholesale inflation came down to a five-year low at 1.77 per cent in October while retail inflation hit a record low of 5.52 per cent in the same month.
"We maintain our positive view on the market and overweight stance on financials," Nomura said, adding that the Sensex is trading at around 7 per cent premium to its 5-year average which "we think is not expensive".
In August, Nomura had raised its BSE Sensex target to 30,310 for August 2015.
Stock markets have seen significant gains in 2014 and the BSE benchmark sensitive index (Sensex) has gained 7,268.23 points or 34.33 per cent so far this year.
The 30-share Sensex was trading 0.41 per cent down at 28,441.16 in the afternoon as the Reserve Bank did not cut the key interest rate, maintaining status quo at the monetary policy review today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infosys shares down nearly 3%; goes ex-bonusBSE
(At the NSE, it was down…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Infosys fell by nearly 3 per cent in intraday trade as the stock price factored in the issuance of bonus shares tomorrow to existing investors.
The stock of the IT major fell as much as 2.72 per cent to Rs 2,116 on the BSE today.
It ended the day at Rs 2,127.95; 2.18 percent, on the BSE.
At the NSE, it was down over 2 per cent to Rs 2,115. Marketmen said that profit-booking pulled down the stock as the company went ex-bonus.
The bonus issue was announced in October, when Infosys reported its second quarter numbers. It had recommended a bonus issue of one equity share for every share held.
Infosys had informed stock exchanges last month that the company has fixed record date as December 3, 2014 for the purpose of allotment of bonus shares/stock dividend.
The issuing company fixes a particular date which is termed as record date when the investor must own shares in order to be eligible to participate in events like receiving dividend, bonus shares.
Bonus shares are free shares given to the existing shareholders of a company.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bhopal s toxic legacy lives on  30 years after industrial disasterBeyond the iron gates of the derelict pesticide plant where one of the world's worst industrial disasters occurred, administrative buildings lie in ruins, vegetation overgrown and warehouses bolted.
Union Carbide plant in Bhopal. (Mujeeb Faruqui/HT file photo)
Massive vessels, interconnected by a multitude of corroded pipes that once carried chemical slurries, have rusted beyond repair. In the dusty control room, a soiled sticker on a wall panel reads "Safety is everyone's business".
On the night of Dec. 2, 1984, the factory owned by the U.S. multinational Union Carbide Corp accidentally leaked cyanide gas into the air, killing thousands of largely poor Indians in Bhopal.
Thirty years later, the toxic legacy of this factory lives on, say human rights groups, as thousands of tonnes of hazardous waste remains buried underground, slowly poisoning the drinking water of more than 50,000 people and affecting their health.
Activists want this waste removed and disposed of away from the area, and feel Indian authorities, who now own the site, have fumbled on taking action - either by clearing up the waste itself or in pursuing Union Carbide to take responsibility.
"There is a very high prevalence of anemia, delayed menarches in girls and painful skin conditions. But what is most pronounced is the number of children with birth defects," said activist Satinath Sarangi from the Bhopal Medical Appeal which runs a clinic for gas victims.
"Children are born with conditions such as twisted limbs, brain damage, musculoskeletal disorders... this is what we see in every fourth or fifth household in these communities."
Sarangi admits there has been no long-term epidemiological research which conclusively proves that birth defects are directly related to the drinking of the contaminated water.
TOXIC WATER
Built in 1969, the Union Carbide plant in Madhya Pradesh was seen as a symbol of a new industrialised India, generating thousands of jobs for the poor and, at the same time, manufacturing cheap pesticides for millions of farmers.
Fifteen years later, 40 tonnes of Methyl Isocyanate gas was released and carried by the wind to the surrounding densely populated disaster remains unclear and under debate.
The government recorded 5,295 deaths, but activists claim 25,000 people died in the aftermath and following years.
Another 100,000 people who were exposed to the gas continue to suffer today with sicknesses such as cancer, blindness, respiratory problems, immune and neurological disorders. Some children born to survivors have mental or physical disabilities.
While those directly affected receive free medical health care, activists say authorities have failed to support those sick from drinking the contaminated water and a second generation of children born with birth defects.
In a rehabilitation centre run by the charity Chingari Trust, located 500 metres from the factory site, disabled children aged between 6 months and 12 years gather for treatment which ranges from speech and hearing issues to physiotherapy.
"Our life changed emotionally and physically since we got to know about his medical problem when was just 4 months old," said 26-year-old Sufia, sitting on a mat on the floor, cradling her two-year-old son Mustafa who has cerebral palsy.
"We had to stop the therapy when he was 8-months-old as it was very expensive. My husband is an electrician and doesn't earn much. With the centre it is good as it's free. It's also good to meet other mothers with their children and realise that I am not alone."
CALL FOR CLEAN-UP
The government was forced to recognise the water was contaminated in 2012 when the Supreme Court ordered that clean drinking water be supplied to some 22 communities living around the factory site.
"I don't think there is any doubt now that the waste dumped by Union Carbide is a serious problem and that it needs to be dealt with urgently," said Sunita Narain, director of the Delhi-based think-tank Centre for Science and Environment.
Studies by Narain's organisation in 2009 found samples taken from around the factory site contained chlorinated benzene compounds and organochlorine pesticides 561 times the national standard.
The profile of the chemicals found in samples from within the site matched the chemicals in drinking water in the outside colonies, said the report, leaving no doubt that there could be no other source of these toxins than Union Carbide.
Studies since have confirmed water pollution, but the hazardous waste remains in pits in some 21 locations within the 68-acre site and buried in a wasteland outside, largely due to wrangles between authorities and activists on its disposal.
The United Nations this week welcomed a government decision to reconsider the official figure of people affected by the gas leak, and look into additional compensation, but pressed authorities to get rid of the toxic waste.
"New victims of the Bhopal disaster are born every day, and suffer life-long from adverse health impacts," said Baskut Tuncak, U.N. Special Rapporteur on human rights and toxic waste.
"Without cleaning the contamination, the number of victims of the toxic legacy left by Union Carbide will continue to grow, and, together, India's financial liability to a rising number of victims," he added in a statement.
Activists want Union Carbide, which was taken over by Dow Chemical Company (DOW.N) in 2001, to take the waste out of the country, saying there are no adequate facilities in India to deal with it. They have also criticised state authorities for not pursuing the corporation for the clean-up. State government officials were not immediately available for comment.
Seventeen people living around the plant have filed a petition in the U.S. courts to get the multinational to bear the cost of the clean-up.
Dow Chemical Co. has long denied responsibility, saying Union Carbide spent $2 million on remediating the site, adding that Indian authorities at the time approved, monitored and directed every step of the clean-up work.
Union Carbide was sued by the Indian government after the disaster and agreed to pay an out-of-court settlement of $470 million in damages in 1989. The company says the Indian government then took control of the site in 1998, assuming all accountability, including clean-up activities.
"While Union Carbide continues to have the utmost respect and sympathy for the victims, we find that many of the issues being discussed today have already been resolved and responsibilities assigned for those that remain," Tomm F. Sprick, Director of Union Carbide Information Center, told the Thomson Reuters Foundation in an email.
(Writing by Nita Bhalla, Editing by Belinda Goldsmith)

Hong Kong student leader calls on democracy supporters to regroupHong Kong student leader calls on democracy supporters to regroup
Reuters
Hong Kong, December 02, 2014
First Published: 12:27 IST(2/12/2014)
print
Hong Kong student leader Joshua Wong urged pro-democracy protesters to regroup in the heart of the city on Tuesday, less than a day after he announced he would go on hunger strike to demand electoral reform.    
Wong, 18, also urged the Hong Kong government to resume dialogue with students in the Chinese-controlled city a day after activists forced the temporary closure of government headquarters after clashing with police.
Protesters, who have occupied key streets for more than two months, have called on the city leader Leung Chun-ying to step down after Beijing in August ruled out a free choice of candidates for Hong Kong's next leader.
"This is not about withdrawing the National People's Congress decision made on August 31," Wong told reporters, referring to China's parliament. "We're asking the Hong Kong government to restart consultations on political reform."
The pro-democracy movement's main protest site in the Admiralty district of Hong Kong on Tuesday. (AFP Photo)
Wong, who has been charged with obstructing court bailiffs during an operation to clear a protest camp in Mong Kok, across the harbour from Admiralty, is no stranger to protest movements.
Two years ago, with the help of secondary school activists calling themselves Scholarism, he forced the Hong Kong government to shelve plans to introduce a pro-China national education scheme in schools.
The pro-democracy protests, which started in late September and have lasted well beyond many people's expectations, drew more than 100,000 on to the streets of Hong Kong at their peak.
Chaos erupted on Sunday evening and spread into Monday as hundreds of protesters attempted to surround the central government offices and a road next door, during which police charged protesters with batons and pepper spray. Police said at least 40 arrests were made.
Hundreds of tents remain on the streets of Admiralty, next to government headquarters, where students have erected a makeshift village with study areas, supply stations and art displays.
Leung said on Monday police had been tolerant but would take "resolute action", suggesting that patience may be running out.
The democracy movement represents one of the biggest threats for China's Communist Party leadership since Beijing's 1989 crackdown on pro-democracy student protests in and around Tiananmen Square.
China rules Hong Kong under a "one country, two systems" formula that accords the former British colony a degree of autonomy and freedoms not enjoyed in mainland China, with universal suffrage set as an eventual goal.
The protesters are demanding free elections for the city's next leader in 2017 rather than the vote between screened candidates that Beijing has said it will allow.
Three students, (R-L) Joshua Wong, Prince Wong and Isabella Lo speak to the media during their hunger strike at the occupied area outside government headquarters in Hong Kong Tuesday. (AP Photo)

Fastjet sees  substantial  benefit from low oil pricesFastjet sees  substantial  benefit from low oil prices
Welspun Energy forays into solar rooftop segmentHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Welspun Energy forays into solar rooftop segment
PTI
New Delhi, Dec 2:  
Renewable energy major Welspun Energy has ventured into the solar rooftop segment by commissioning three projects.
“From building large-scale ground mounted projects, the company has (forayed into rooftop solar segment) with the construction of three projects,” Welspun Energy Pvt Ltd (WEPL) said in a statement.
Through cumulative 795 kilowatt capacity, the company is reducing the carbon footprint by helping to generate an estimated 11 lakh units of clean energy annually, the statement said.
The solar projects have been financed through 100 per cent equity infusion, with inflow split in three phase — pre, mid and post construction.
The projects have been set up to meet the captive power needs of the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Kanpur, Ansal University and Medanta Medicity Hospital.
Energy generated will help lower their thermal energy consumption, thereby reducing operating expenses, the statement added.
“The solar rooftop business presents interesting opportunities of growth and is bound to be the next big thing in the solar energy business,” said Vineet Mittal, Managing Director, Welspun Energy.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Akhilesh  Rawat meet to resolve dispute over control ofpropertyWritten by Sanjay Singh | Dehradun |
Posted: December 2, 2014 1:25 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 1:28 pm
Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh will take fresh initiatives to resolve their disputes over the control of canals and several dams. Apart from officer-level meetings, Chief Secretaries of both the states will hold meetings at the earliest possible dates.
Earlier, Uttarakhand Chief Minister Harish Rawat and his UP counterpart Akhilesh Yadav held a joint meeting over the issue in Dehradun on Sunday.
Akhilesh, who arrived in Dehradun to attend a marriage ceremony, on Sunday evening held talks with the team of Uttarakhand officials in the presence of Harish Rawat. Later, both CMs jointly addressed the media.
“After becoming UP CM, Akhilesh has come to Uttarakhand for the first time. We held meeting to resolve the properties disputes between the two states,” Rawat told reporters. He also reminded Akhilesh that he is son-in-law of Uttarakhand.
Rawat further said that both the states will develop proper co-ordination between their police forces.
Akhilesh assured an officer-level meeting between the two states as soon as possible.
“Then, there will be meetings at the level of two state’s Chief Secretaries,” he said.
After becoming a separate state in the year 2000, Uttarakhand continues to demand control over different properties located in Uttar Pradesh.
UP has not even handed over the control of 41 canals whose heads and tales are located in Uttarakhand.
“Both the states have almost agreed to resolve the disputes relating to the control over the 41 canals. We will soon get control of the 41 canals from UP,” Uttarakhand irrigation minister Yashpal Arya told the IE.
According to him, there are other eight canals which remain under UP’s control in Uttarakhand.
Meanwhile, UP government has been continuing to control the Bhimgoda dam in Hardwar. There is also Hardwar’s Alaknananda hotel which is under the control of UP tourism.
Other disputes are relating to the control over agricultural land in Hardwar. UP also control six dams located in Uttarakhand.

No rate cut by Feb will be a mistake: Abheek...Abheek Barua
('Though, an incremental…)
In a chat with ET Now, Abheek Barua , Consultant, ICRIER, shares his views on the RBI credit policy. Excerpts:
ET Now: The target for CPI inflation got revised downwards to 6% for March 2015. We have spoken about the glide path, but there is no certainty beyond March 2015. How do you read into this and the lowering of the March CPI target as well?
Abheek Barua: The March CPI target had to be lower because conditions on the ground have changed and the RBI needs to change its mind and its forecast when facts change. The fact is that not only do we have a decline in oil prices, we have globally a very major pronounce deflationary cycle which is likely to sustain.
Despite the fact that an incremental rate cut might not have an immediate impact on lending rates or borrowing costs or on investment, it is a very major signal to send that you are sort of finally getting into a zone of comfort from a macroeconomic perspective. That is important and he needs to signal that and in a number of cases like the European Central Bank for instance we have seen inflation targeting central banks actually fall a little behind the curve in terms of actually actioning their assessment and forecast. I believe if we do not cut by February, he will be possibly making a mistake.
Mythili Bhusnurmath: If I can ask you to stick your neck out, you did talk about inflation targeting central banks being a little behind the curve. So would you think that he has missed an opportunity today to cut rates?
Abheek Barua: I believe that there are enough signs not just domestically but globally that there is going to be a permanent deflation pressure, which is going to continue for a while. Inflation targeting is not just about going by data, it is about taking a view about the future. I would not call it a missed opportunity because he will ultimately have to cut rates.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lava launches Iris Win1 for Rs 4999Lava launches Windows 8.1 powered Iris Win1 for Rs 4999
By ET Bureau | 2 Dec, 2014, 01.26PM IST
Lava International has launched its first Windows powered smartphone, Iris Win1, under the Lava brand, available on Flipkart at Rs 4,999. (Image: Facebook/lavamobiles)
ET SPECIAL:
NEW DELHI: Lava International has launched its first Windows powered smartphone, Iris Win1, under the Lava brand, available on Flipkart at Rs 4,999.
The company's XOLO brand already offers Windows Phone device in the country.
The Iris Win1 runs on Windows 8.1, the latest operating system from Microsoft . It features a 4 WVGA TN display that shows 16 million colors for a rich viewing experience. The screen features G+F, 2-point touch panel and sensors like accelerometer, proximity sensor and ambient Light Sensor.
The Iris Win1 is powered by a 1.2 Ghz Qualcomm Snapdragon quad core processor and by 1 GB RAM, and comes with 8 GB of internal storage, which is expandable up to 32 GB.
The smartphone comes with 5MP Auto Focus BSI+ sensor back camera with LED flash and 0.3 MP front Camera, and is powered by a 1950 mAh Li-Ion battery.
On the connectivity front, it supports Dual Sim (3G+2G), Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS and USB Connectivity
The device comes with a Flip Cover and screen guard inside the box along with other standard accessories like charger, earphone and USB cable.
"Win1 will be exclusively launched on Flipkart. Our strong product offering coupled with Flipkart's exceptional service, we are hopeful to delight our online customers," Navin Chawla, vice president and head-product, LAVA International, said in a statement.

Infosys cracks nearly 3%; goes ex-bonus | Rate-sensitives pare losses post policyBSE
(At the NSE, it was down…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Infosys fell by nearly 3 per cent in intraday trade as the stock price factored in the issuance of bonus shares tomorrow to existing investors.
The stock of the IT major fell as much as 2.72 per cent to Rs 2,116 on the BSE today.
It ended the day at Rs 2,127.95; 2.18 percent, on the BSE.
At the NSE, it was down over 2 per cent to Rs 2,115. Marketmen said that profit-booking pulled down the stock as the company went ex-bonus.
The bonus issue was announced in October, when Infosys reported its second quarter numbers. It had recommended a bonus issue of one equity share for every share held.
Infosys had informed stock exchanges last month that the company has fixed record date as December 3, 2014 for the purpose of allotment of bonus shares/stock dividend.
The issuing company fixes a particular date which is termed as record date when the investor must own shares in order to be eligible to participate in events like receiving dividend, bonus shares.
Bonus shares are free shares given to the existing shareholders of a company.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Union minister Niranjan Jyoti under attack for controversial speech  offers apologyComments
Minister of state for food processing industries Niranjan Jyoti Tuesday tendered an apology in Parliament for using abusive language at an election campaign in Delhi but failed to douse the opposition fire even as the Bharatiya Janata Party Tuesday said the issue should not be stretched.
Minister of state for food processing industries Niranjan Jyoti used expletives while campaigning for the BJP in Delhi. (HT File Photo)
On Monday, Jyoti had said people of Delhi must decide if they wanted a government of Ramzaadon (followers of Ram) or a government of those who are illegitimate.
Union minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said in Rajya Sabha the government did not support Jyoti's remark, but he also asked the Opposition to "maintain decorum."
Naqvi said those in the government and the opposition should use dignified language and in the past UPA ministers too had crossed the line many times.
As Rajya Sabha session was adjourned for a third time, finance minister Arun Jaitley said Jyoti's comments were "improper and unacceptable".
He said since the minister had apologised and withdrawn her statement, "what happens outside isn't within domain of this House".
But BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra seemed to be defending her by saying it was a "slip of tongue" and the issue should not be politicised.
The saffron party also hit out at Congress, saying several of its leaders too have made objectionable remarks in the past.
"But have they ever been asked to resign? When did Congress sack them from the party? And they are called experienced leaders while Sadhvi Niranjan has become MP for the first time," UP BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpai said.
According to reports, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has asked party MPs to abstain from addressing the nation and also condemned the comments made by Jyoti.
Modi asked the MPs to avoid making uncalled for statements at the parliamentary board meeting held ahead of Parliament session on Tuesday.
Opposition demands resignation
The issue rocked both the Houses as agitated opposition MPs disrupted proceedings, seeking an explanation from the Prime Minister and demanding an apology from Jyoti, who joined the Narendra Modi's cabinet early last month.
The remarks drew the ire of Opposition which protested in Parliament following which Jyoti expressed "deep regret" and apologised for her actions saying she did not intend to hurt anyone's feelings.
"My intention was not to hurt anyone. If my speech outside the House has hurt anyone, I express my deep regrets," Jyoti said in Lok Sabha.
She said if certain words spoken by her outside the House have hurt someone, she is ready to take back her words and offer regrets. She also said she is ready to seek an apology.
The Opposition, however, refused to accept her apology and said she must resign or should be removed from her post.
Drama in House
As soon as Lok Sabha met for the day, Mallikarjun Kharge, leader of the Congress, took up the issue with Speaker Sumitra Mahajan.
Kharge said the "objectionable" language used by Jyoti had created tension at a time when there had been quite a few communal riots.
Several Congress and Trinamool Congress members, too, rushed to the Well, shouting slogans.
Both Houses saw brief adjournments over the protests, even as Mahajan cautioned all members to be mindful of their speech.
"The Prime Minister should give an explanation," Congress leader Anand Sharma said.
Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) supremo Mayawati said the minister's remarks were against the secular ethos espoused by the Constitution and do not behold a person occupying a constitutional post.
The BJP should sack her, she said.
Mayawati and CPI(M) MP Sitaram Yechury demanded that an FIR be filed against Jyoti.
The Congress alleged that Jyoti had insulted the people of Delhi and she should issue an apology while the Aam Aadmi Party said it was the BJP's real face.
"The divisive thinking and divisive politics of the BJP has been exposed," Congress leader Ambika Soni said.
Manish Sisodia of Aam Aadmi Party said, "This is the real character of BJP. Their language shows what kind of work they are doing at the Centre and what kind of work they will do for Delhi."
Members of Congress, TMC, SP and other opposition parties rushed to the Well during the uproar over her remarks leading to four adjournments in Rajya Sabha and one in Lok Sabha during pre-lunch sitting.
Later, outside Parliament, the minister was asked about demands for her resignation.
"I have apologised and I have nothing else to say," she replied.
Following the controversy, Jyoti said, "I did not take name of any particular individual, community or party. I was talking about separatist parties and leaders who think of dividing the country..."
She later clarified her statement was for those who didn't believe in Ram and unified India, adding her remarks must not be given any communal overtone.
"Those who have sold the country, made it bankrupt, people will not voter for such people. Is it a crime to talk about Ram? How can talking about Ram be communal?"
"Muslims offer namaz in mosques, we do no object. Christians pray in churches, we do not object. Then talking about Ram should not be termed as communal. And those who call me communal, I would say what could be more communal than this."
"Do you want a government of people who believe in Ram, a government that believes in people. And i would like to say one more thing, be it Hindu or a Christian in the country, he is an offspring of Ram. And those who refuse to believe this, will never believe in this country also," she said.
Jyoti is credited with helping the ruling BJP make inroads among the Dalit and backward classes in the politically crucial state of Uttar Pradesh.
She is among the six BJP MPs drafted into the party's campaign for the Delhi polls due early next year.
( With PTI inputs)

Saradha Group gone bust  website remainsSaradha Group gone bust, website remains
PTI
Tweet
Kolkata, Dec 2:  
The Saradha Group went bust over a year ago but its web site, which lured unsuspecting poor people into investing in its chit fund schemes and deprived them of their hard-earned savings, still exists.
The website www.saradhagroup.biz can be accessed on the Internet. It begins with a message: “Saradha Group of companies has brought in a new renaissance for better development of the country. We always give more importance for the development of the community, along with education and social upgradation. We give priority to moral values.”
It is 20 months since the chit fund company closed down, leaving lakhs of investors, mainly from rural Bengal, cheated of their life’s savings following which Saradha Group chairman Sudipto Sen was arrested from Kashmir in April, last year.
“We will look into the matter how the website is still there on the web,” an official of CBI, which is probing the fraud, told PTI when asked.
“It might be that the agency which has created the website, has been paid the money. We have to look into it,” he said.
The website has the address and contact numbers and email IDs of 69 branch offices of Saradha Group spread across West Bengal, Tripura, Odisha, Assam and New Delhi.
The home page opens with the message “You Wish We Fulfill” and an introduction about Saradha’s journey which began 12 years ago.
It also mentions the group of companies that Saradha had floated.
They are: Saradha Construction, Saradha Realty, Landmark Cement, Saradha Agro, Saradha Education Hub, Saradha Tea Estate, Saradha Health resorts, Saradha Tours & Travels, Saradha Shopping Mall and Saradha Exports.
It went on to say, “Several other prolific ventures would soon come up to see the daylight. The group is driven by innovation, quality, excellence, and a social conscience.”
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

SEBI bars 3 firms from mobilising public moneySEBI bars 3 firms from mobilising public money
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 2:  
Continuing with strict action against entities raising public money illegally, SEBI has restrained Federal Agro Commercials, Kolkata Aryan Food Industries and Waris Agrotech from mobilising funds from investors.
Besides, the Securities and Exchange Board of India has barred these three companies and their directors from accessing the securities market.
The market regulator found that the companies had garnered capital from several investors through issuance of redeemable preference shares (RPS) and had “prima facie” violated various norms.
SEBI observed that issues by these three firms were made to more than 50 people. Under the rules, that made them public issues of debt securities requiring compulsory listing on a recognised stock exchange. They were also required to file their prospectus, which they failed to do.
The regulator, in three separate orders, said that Federal Agro Commercials Ltd (FACL, Kolkata Aryan Food Industries Ltd (KAFIL) and Waris Agrotech (India) Ltd (WAL) are prima facie engaged in fund mobilising activity from the public, through the offer of redeemable preference shares and as a result of such activities has violated the provisions of the Companies Act.
Accordingly, SEBI has asked FACL, KAFIL and WAL “not to mobilise funds from investors through the offer of RPS or through the issuance of equity shares or any other securities, to the public and/or invite subscription, in any manner whatsoever, either directly or indirectly, till further directions”.
Further, the companies and their directors are barred from issuing any offer document or advertisement for soliciting money from the public for the issue of securities.
These firms and their respective directors are restrained from accessing the securities market.
SEBI has also asked the entities not to dispose of any of the properties or assets acquired by that company through the issue of redeemable preference shares, without prior permission from the regulator as well as not to divert the funds raised from public.
While asking FACL, KAFIL and WAL to provide a full inventory of all its assets and properties, SEBI has also asked these companies to within 21 days from the date of receipt of the order submit all relevant and necessary particulars sought by the watchdog.
The directions shall take “effect immediately and shall be in force until further orders,” Sebi said in its yesterday’s order.
According to SEBI, FACL raised Rs 25.94 lakh from 310 investors, KAFIL mopped-up Rs 49.64 lakh via 115 persons and WAL allotted redeemable preference shares to 475 individuals and mobilised funds amounting to about Rs 36 lakh.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

At least 50 fishermen go missing as South Korean ship sinks in BeringSeaPrint
In this undated photo, South Korean fishing boat Oryong 501 is seen in a port. South Korean officials expressed fear Tuesday, Dec. 2, 2014, of a huge death toll after rescuers failed to find any of the more than 50 fishermen missing after their ship sank amid high waves in the freezing waters of the western Bering Sea on Monday, Dec. 1. (AP Photto/Yonhap)
By: Associated Press | South Korea |
Posted: December 2, 2014 1:52 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 2:16 pm
South Korean officials expressed fear on December 2, of a huge death toll after rescuers failed to find any of the more than 50 fishermen missing after their ship sank amid high waves in the freezing waters of the western Bering Sea on Monday.
Authorities rescued seven crew members and recovered one body, but weather and water conditions complicated the search for the others, an official from the South Korean fisheries and oceans ministry said on condition of anonymity because of office rules.
The crew included 35 Indonesians, 13 Filipinos, 11 South Koreans and one Russian inspector, the official said. Russian authorities said there were 62 people aboard the ship, which sank in the western part of the Bering Sea, near Russia.
The South Korean ministry official said it’s believed that the ship, which was catching pollock, began to list after stormy weather caused seawater to flood its storage areas. Kim Kang-ho from Sajo Industries, the canned tuna company that owns the ship, said the 2,000-ton vessel was 36 years old.
An official from South Korea’s foreign ministry, who refused to be named citing office rules, said Tuesday morning that the death toll was expected to rise because rescuers failed to find any of the missing passengers. Four fishing ships that were operating nearby continue to search for survivors, but harsh weather conditions have limited their mobility, the official said.
South Korean Prime Minister Chung Hong-won vowed told a Cabinet meeting that the government will work with Russia to speed up the rescue efforts.
Authorities in the Russian port of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky said the rescued fishermen were well and would be taken to South Korea once the weather improves.
“The condition of the fishermen who were rescued is fine,” Artur Rets, chief of the rescue center at the Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky port, told the RIA Novosti news agency.
Kim from Sajo said the ship left for the Bering Sea from Busan, South Korea, on July 10 for the Bering Sea to catch pollock, a winter delicacy in South Korea.
Another official from Sajo, who did not want to be named, said the ship had eight lifeboats and that the seven fishermen who survived and the person later found dead used one of them to continued…

Sensex Down Nearly 100 Points Amid Choppy TradeYou are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty Choppy After RBI Keeps Rates Steady
NDTV | Updated On: December 02, 2014 14:04 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
BSE Sensex and Nifty came under renewed selling pressure in afternoon trade. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) held interest rates steady as widely expected at its policy review on Tuesday, but said it could cut interest rates by early next year depending on whether inflation eases further and on fiscal developments.
"A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature," the RBI said in its statement.
Markets recovered after falling briefly as sentiment improved on hopes that RBI would cut interest rates early next year.
The RBI kept interest rates unchanged at 8.0 per cent on Tuesday as widely expected, staying focused on containing inflation while adopting a more dovish tone in response to the government's call for help to revive economic growth.
Traders said a rate cut in early 2015 was more or less certain now unless global commodity prices moved adversely.
At 1:55 pm, Sensex was down 104 points to 28,454 while Nifty fell 35 points to 8,521. Selling pressure was seen in rate sensitive banking, real estate and auto stocks.
Among major Nifty losers, DLF, M&M, HDFC and IndusInd Bank fell between 1.5 per cent and 2 per cent.  PSU oil marketing companies IOC, HPCL and BPCL fell 2-3 per cent after the government hiked excise duty on petrol and diesel.
The excise duty on petrol was hiked by Rs 2.25/litre and diesel by Rs 1/litre, a move that could bring in additional Rs 4,000 crore for the government.
(With Agency Inputs)

Indovation Technologies  board meeting on December 05  2014Dec 02, 2014, 02.02 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indovation Technologies' board meeting on December 05, 2014
Indovation Technologies Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on December 05, 2014, to consider the change of name of the Company and shifting of the registered office of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indovation Technologies' board meeting on December 05, 2014
Indovation Technologies Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on December 05, 2014, to consider the change of name of the Company and shifting of the registered office of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Indovation Technologies Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on December 05, 2014, inter alia, to consider and approve the following:1. To consider the change of name of the Company.2. To consider the shifting of the registered office of the Company.3. To consider the change of the auditors of the Company.4. To consider the change of compliance officer.Source : BSE

Metal Coatings India appoints Niraj Kumar Jha as company secretaryDec 02, 2014, 01.55 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Metal Coatings India appoints Niraj Kumar Jha as company secretary
Metal Coatings India Ltd has informed BSE that Ms. Anu Kumari, Secretary of the Company has resigned from the post of Company Secretary and Mr. Niraj Kumar Jha, a member of the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, has been appointed as Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company with effect from November 01, 2014.

Apollo Tyres may touch Rs 250: Manas JaiswalLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Apollo Tyres may touch Rs 250: Manas Jaiswal
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com is of the view that Apollo Tyres may touch Rs 250.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com told CNBC-TV18, " MRF , JK Tyre and Industries  and Apollo Tyres  are looking strong on the charts. Apollo Tyres has taken support near to 52-days moving average four to five days back and it is still making higher-tops and higher-bottoms. It has broken the intraday resistance of Rs 234 with higher volumes. So, the stock has potential to break its all time high of Rs 242 and it can come up to around Rs 250, that is our target and stoploss should be Rs 228."
At 13:50 hrs Apollo Tyres was quoting at Rs 234.50, up Rs 1.85, or 0.80 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 236.85 and an intraday low of Rs 228.80.
Disclosure: Analyst has no personal holdings in these stocks but has recommend these stocks to his clients.
RELATED NEWS

Don t want flip-flop in policy stance: RajanDon t want flip-flop in policy stance: Rajan
Infosys shares fall nearly 3% ahead of bonus issueInfosys shares fall nearly 3% ahead of bonus issue
Indian share markets slip furtherIndian share markets slip further
OMCs sink after govt hikes excise on petrol  dieselOMCs sink after govt hikes excise on petrol  diesel
Kumaka Industries Ltd to divest shares in Kadakia Alkalies & Chemicals LtdKumaka Industries Ltd to divest shares in Kadakia Alkalies & Chemicals Ltd
Indian Railways to undertake comprehensive study on generating revenuesIndian Railways to undertake comprehensive study on generating revenues
Maoists Gun Down 14 CRPF Troopers in ChhattisgarhMaoists Gun Down 14 CRPF Troopers in Chhattisgarh
Citigroup raises BSE index target to33 000Citigroup raises BSE index Dec 2015 target to 33,000 from 31,000. It  expects 15 pct upside from Friday’s close.
Increases NSE index target to 9,850 from 9,240.
Says 2015 should be front-loaded with falling interest rates, back-loaded with actual economic recovery amid steady reforms.
Adds falling rates in a rising economy/earnings could fire the market more.
Policy rates should fall 75 bps in 2015, Citigroup said.
Rejigs model portfolio; overweight on banks, energy, cement, pharmaceutical shares.
Lists Adani Port and Special Economic Zone, Aurobindo Pharma among top large-cap picks.
Also, likes Ashok Leyland, DB Corp among midcaps.
TAGS: Citigroup
More from indianmarkets
Stocks tumble, Rupee at 13-month low as crude crashes BSE Sensex today recorded its worst single day fall of 538.12 points in 16 months to end day's trade below 27,000...

Moody s Downgrades Japan s Sovereign Debt RatingCourt Refuses to Let Off Hindalco in Coal Block Case
Tokyo: Moody's Investors Service on Monday downgraded Japan's sovereign debt rating by one notch to A1, citing rising uncertainty over the country's ability to hit its debt-reduction goal.
The announcement briefly sent the yen to a seven-year low against the dollar and pushed 10-year Japanese government bond (JGB) futures down by 10 ticks.
The US rating agency said the outlook was stable.
The downgrade came less than two weeks before Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe seeks re-election at a snap poll where his stimulus policies and a decision to delay a second sales tax hike will be among the key campaign issues.
The jury is out over whether Abe's strategy will revive the economy and restore the country's tattered finances.
"This is particularly bad for Abe because the opposition can attack him for this before the election," said Hiroshi Miyazaki, senior economist at Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities.
"There are concerns the Bank of Japan's quantitative easing and Japan's high household assets have made the government complacent on fiscal policy."
Moody's said that while Abe's decision to delay next year's scheduled tax hike could support the economy in the short term, it had made it more challenging for Japan to achieve its target of balancing its budget by 2020.
"Japan's deficits and debt remain very high, and fiscal consolidation will become increasingly difficult to achieve as time passes given rising government spending, particularly for social programs associated with a rapidly ageing population," the rating agency said.
Hours before Moody's announcement, Abe had stressed in a televised public debate that Japan remained committed to fiscal reform, and that the Bank of Japan's ultra-loose policy was not aimed at monetising public debt.
But Moody's warned that the BOJ's efforts to achieve its 2 percent inflation target through aggressive money printing may eventually push up bond yields and raise government borrowing costs.
"Rising interest rates would increase expenditure and offset gains from revenue buoyancy," it said, adding that there was also uncertainty about how quickly Abe's structural reform efforts would bear fruit.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: December 01, 2014 15:10 (IST)

BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty log first drop in 4 sessions ahead of RBI policyHindalco Industries shares plunge on special court's orders
Stocks fell for the first time in four sessions today with benchmark Sensex slipping 134.37 points to 28,559.62 and Nifty dipping 32.35 points to 8,555.90 on caution ahead of RBI policy review and weak global cues.
Oil and gas stocks were the biggest laggards after global crude prices hit a five-year low. Power, metal and capital goods shares also witnessed sharp selling.
Consumer durable stocks spurted on good buying. Auto shares saw some activity after release of monthly sales.
The BSE Sensex, after rising to the day’s high of 28,809.64 on the back of initial buying, declined to 28,538.44 on profit-booking. It ended at 28,559.62, logging a fall of 134.37 points or 0.47 per cent. In the previous three sessions, the gauge had rallied over 355 points.
On Friday, it had zoomed to intra-day record high of 28,822.37 and ended at record close of 28,693.99.
Among 30-share Sensex, stocks like ONGC, Hindalco, BHEL, RIL, Tata Power, Tata Steel, M&M and Sesa Sterlite ended down.
The 50-share NSE Nifty opened at 8,605.10 and hit a fresh high of 8,623.00 before closing at 8,555.90, down 32.35 points of 0.38 per cent.
“Participants preferred to sit on sidelines and booked some profit ahead of RBI’s monetary policy review scheduled for Tuesday,” said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
After first quarter GDP grew at 5.3 per cent in September quarter, an HSBC survey showed manufacturing sector output accelerated in November at the quickest pace in 2 years.
In broader markets, airline shares zoomed after prices of jet fuel (ATF) were cut by 4.1 per cent. Jewellery stocks, including Gitanjali Gems and Titan Company, shined after RBI withdrew 80-20 rule and restrictions on import of gold.
“Indian Rupee weakened to a fresh nine-month lows of 62.23 levels spot, as government eased the curbs on gold imports and economic growth for second quarter was weak. However, exporter selling and FII sales brought the Rupee down towards 62.00 levels by the close of day. Over this week, we expect the pair to trade within a range of 61.60/80 and 62.30/40 levels on spot. RBI monetary policy and US November jobs report will be key data points,” said Anindya Banerjee, currency analyst, Kotak Securities.
Globally, a mixed closing at Asian markets and a lower opening in European markets also influenced trading here.
Sectorwise, BSE Oil & Gas index suffered the most by falling 2.57 per cent, Power (2.2 percent), Metal (2.14 per cent), Capital Goods (1.37 percent) and Realty (0.62 percent).
However, Consumer Durables index rose 3.31 per cent, IT index by 0.84 per cent and Auto index by 0.33 per cent.
Meanwhile, the provisional data released by stock exchanges showed that Foreign Portfolio Investors bought shares worth a net Rs 935.86 crore on Friday.
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty RBI
More from indianmarkets
Stocks tumble, Rupee at 13-month low as crude crashes BSE Sensex today recorded its worst single day fall of 538.12 points in 16 months to end day's trade below 27,000...

Islamic State attacks border checkpoint  kills 15 Iraq policeBy: Associated Press | Baghdad |
Posted: December 1, 2014 8:27 pm
Islamic State militants attacked a checkpoint along the volatile Iraqi-Syria border on Monday, killing at least 15 Iraqi border policemen, officials said. The attack took place in the town of al-Walid on Iraq’s side of the border, according to a senior army official.
At least five officers were also wounded in the assault. A government official in Iraq’s Anbar provincial council confirmed the report but further details were not immediately available.
Since its blitz earlier this year, the Islamic State group has controlled most of the border crossings between Iraq and Syria. The Sunni militant group has also overrun a large part of Iraq’s Anbar and Ninevah provinces and now controls about one-third of both Iraq and Syria.
The attack came as the U.N. Assistance Mission for Iraq said that 1,232 Iraqis were killed and 2,434 were wounded in violence and terror attacks in November. Of those killed, at least 296 were members of Iraqi and Kurdish forces, as well as militias who fight alongside them. The figures are a slight decrease from October, when the U.N. said at least 1,273 Iraqis had been killed.
Also last month, at least 402 people were killed in western Anbar province, according to the provincial Health Directorate, the U.N. mission said. Most of the victims died in the provincial capital of Ramadi, a battleground between the IS group and Iraqi troops. In Baghdad province, at least 332 people were killed in November, the U.N. said.
On Monday, at least eight people died in the Shiite town of Balad, 80 kilometers (50 miles) north of Baghdad, after mortar shells hit a cluster of homes and a small market. Police officials said a woman and a child were among the dead and at least 20 people were wounded.
Clashes are ongoing in Balad between Islamic State militants and Iraqi forces.All officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to talk to media.

Emraan Hashmi to play Mohammad Azharuddin in a biopicEmraan Haashmi to play Mohammad Azharuddin in a biopic
15 days ago, India Newzstreet
Emraan Hashmi will play Mohammad Azharuddin in the biopic of the former Indian cricket captain.
MORE TOP STORIES TODAY

Oil slide hits struggling VenezuelansVenezuelans’ fears grow amid falling oil prices
Andres Schipani in Caracas
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aaa13660-795e-11e4-a57d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kris Gopalakrishnan invests $160 000 in Lookup  which aspires to be WhatsApp of small businessEnforcement Directorate probing beneficiary of Rs 425 crore Indian Premier League facilitation fee
Infosys co-founder Kris Gopalakrishnan, who finished his innings at the IT major in October, is back on the circuit. The former CEO has invested in a chat message app, Lookup, which helps small businesses chat with consumers. The funding, amounting to $160,000, will be used by the startup — its first funding after starting out in October — to expand to other metros in the country beyond Bengaluru, where it runs its operations today.
Deepak Ravindran, the founder who refers to Gopalakrishnan as his mentor, told FE that Indian consumers seem to prefer messaging apps over social networks and voice: “We plan to become the Whatsapp for small businesses. This takes the services being offered by Just Dial to an app model. The consumer number here is protected unlike the other
messaging apps.”
A month back, Gopalakrishnan had announced setting up an incubator, Axilor Ventures, along with Infosys cofounder S Shibulal and another company veteran Srinath Batni. The venture will mentor and back early-stage technology ventures as well as invest up to $1 million in the startups they pick. Gopalakrishnan also acts as a mentor at Kochi-based Startup Village, an incubator for telecom and technology startups.
“We are getting queries from other cities, Kerala and Dubai. We will use this money for marketing and in attracting shopkeepers to come on board,” Ravindran told FE. For Ravindran, this is his third startup after Innoz, an SMS-based offline search engine and Q&A app Quest.
He said that consumers and mom-and-pop stores will like to chat with each other regarding the availability of certain goods and services. He said this was a big opportunity and can be used even for making reservations and queries. “There could be a doctor or a restaurant just around the corner, with who you may want to make an appointment or reservation. Lookup will help you do that.”
The company has partnered many local restaurants, pubs, grocery stores, spas, medical shops, gyms, pet stores, electronics and mobile stores and jewellery stores for the service. Around 150 verified small businesses are online whereas the firm answers on behalf of other shops. Lookup gets more than a thousand queries a day now, mostly by college-goers on internship. The app is currently available on Android Play Store and it will launch the app on Apple’s App Store as well.
TAGS: Infosys Kris Gopalakrishnan Whatsapp
More from companies
Concerted effort to manipulate machinery: Court in coal case Industrialist Kumar Mangalam Birla's letters to the then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh sought to re-open the issue of allocation...

Bajaj Auto Falls 3% on Weak November SalesYou are here: Home Market
Bajaj Auto Falls 3% on Weak November Sales
NDTV | Updated On: December 02, 2014 16:03 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Shares in Bajaj Auto fell over 3 per cent to a day low of Rs 2,555.7 on Tuesday as the company reported weak auto sales for the month of November, 2014.
Motorcycle sales of the company fell 6 per cent year-on-year to 2.62 lakh units in the month of November, 2014 against 2.79 lakh units in the same period last year.
However commercial vehicle sales and exports of the company witnessed year-on-year jump due to which its total sales remained flat year-on-year. Total sales of the company came in at 3.09 lakh units against 3.11 lakh units last year.
Nomura had estimated its total sales at 3.6 lakh for the month of November 2014.
Shares in Bajaj Auto ended 1.1 per cent lower at Rs 2,607.80 apiece, against 0.36 per cent fall in the broader Nifty.
Story first published on: December 02, 2014 16:03 (IST)

Oil Explorers Gain as Crude Prices Rise; OMCs FallYou are here: Home Market
Oil Explorers Gain as Crude Prices Rise; OMCs Fall
Reuters | Updated On: December 02, 2014 10:04 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Oil and Natural Gas Corp was up 1.3 per cent and Cairn India gained 1.9 per cent on Tuesday.
Crude oil markets jumped as much as 5 per cent today. An increase in crude prices helped explorers improve realization, traders said.
Meanwhile, shares of state-run oil marketing companies fell today. Indian Oil Corp was down 1.8 per cent, while Hindustan Petroleum Corp was down 1.9 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

RBI keeps key rates unchanged; says premature to change monetary policy stanceYou are here: Home > Collections
RBI keeps key rates unchanged; says premature to change monetary policy stance
ET Bureau Dec 2, 2014, 11.06AM IST
Tags:
gdp
(RBI Governor Raghurma Rajan…)
MUMBAI: Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan left interest rates unchanged for the fifth time in a row, awaiting firm signals that consumer price inflation will slide convincingly and remain low for a long time.
But he gave a strong indication that rate cuts could come early in 2015.
"A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature," Rajan said in the statement accompanying the announcement. "However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle."
He also signposted two critical decisions that will be announced soon-- one is on the 5-25 funding structure for infrastructure projects that was announced in the budget, the other is on banks taking equity during debt restructuring. The price at which this can be done is being discussed with the Securities and Exchange Board of India, he said.
The governor's decision is on expected lines as nearly every economist said there wouldn't be a change in interest rates, barring a few hopefuls after the decision of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries decision to keep supplies stable pushed down crude oil prices to four-year lows.
"We are certainly seeing a disinflationary process," Rajan said at a press conference after the policy was unveiled. "We want to get more certainty on the disinflationary process."
The governor reiterated his oft-stated position that it was important to win the battle on prices rather than ease monetary policy to early only to have them popping up again.
"We want to make sure that this is for real, we don't want to flip-flop," he said. "We'd rather change for good."
In answer to another question, he said, "We're not trying to manage long-interest rates."
Rajan said those clamouring for interest rate cuts were being short-sighted. The central bank was not looking at quarter-to-quarter numbers. "We're talking about tears of sustainable growth... that is a message that has to seep through."
Still, the RBI forecast of consumer inflation has been revised down to 6% in March 2015. The growth projection for 2014-15 has however been retained at 5.5%. Revising his earlier hawkish tone in the previous policy statement when he expressed concerns about upside risks to inflation, the statement said, "The risks to the January 2016 target of 6% appear evenly balanced under the current policy stance."
The RBI has reservations about the evolution of the base effect in inflation, how long ongoing disinflationary impulses last, the pace of change of the public's inflationary expectations, as well as the success of the government's efforts to hit deficit targets.
The repo rate, at which RBI lends to banks, remained at 8%, and so did all the other rates. The cash reserve requirement, the proportion of deposits that banks have to keep with the central bank, remains at 4%.
"RBI would like inflation to be sustainable at lower level before lowering rates," said Naresh Takker, MD and CEO of rating company ICRA. "Also, one should bear in mind that the inflation number may go up next month due to lower agriculture productions and also the benefit of the base effect would reverse soon," he added.
Governor Rajan has been under pressure from various quarters for a reduction since prices are sliding fast amid uncertain growth indicators. But economists have been of the view that the fall could be temporary, given the base effect and that there are chances of a sharp jump in the CPI reading early next year.
  Inflation as measured by the CPI that came into force in 2012, fell to a record of 5.5% in October. That is lower than the RBI's target of 6% by March 2016. The central bank aims to target inflation permanently at 4%, in a band of 2% on either side, as recommended by the Urjit Patel Committee.
To be sure, household inflation expectations are still high at more than 15%. Information on the enhancement of supplies of protein-rich products, an item that pushed up CPI, is flaky. Positive real interest rates need to be sustained for a longer term if an economic revival is to be supported by domestic savings.
While the policy rates have been high, market rates have been easing with the yield on the benchmark government bonds falling more than 100 basis points from its peak expecting a rate cut.
Furthermore, the demand for loans has fallen to three-year lows to 11%, even though deposits have gained momentum, thanks to positive real interest rates for the first time in more than four years.
But given the Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government measures such as releasing more food stocks into the market and low increase in minimum support prices, inflation is expected to be lower than it was under the previous government.
The industrial climate is also looking to be turning for the better with second-quarter gross domestic product growing at 5.3%, above the forecast of 5.1%, though slower than the 5.7% rate in April-June. HSBC's PMI in November rose to its highest since February 2013 at 53.3.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1yx0vCkFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Girl Scout cookie sales go digital
A new digital cookie program lets Girl Scouts make and track sales digitally. Now you can have your Thin Mints shipped straight to your house.
Post to Facebook
Girl Scout cookie sales go digital A new digital cookie program lets Girl Scouts make and track sales digitally. Now you can have your Thin Mints shipped straight to your house. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1rJMd1J
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Girl Scout cookie sales go digital
Video Keywords GM online web USA today
A new digital cookie program lets Girl Scouts make and track sales digitally. Now you can have your Thin Mints shipped straight to your house. Lori Grisham, USA TODAY Network
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  Coming out cookie lovers rejoice you can now order boxes
00:05  of some analysts then and sedans miles. Or any of your
00:08  other favorites digitally. The new technology that's girls and targeted emails
00:13  to their favorite customers in any state. Once invited by a
00:16  scout you can visit their personalized web page make your order
00:20  and then have a cookie shipped directly to your home. And
00:23  some scouts will be using a mobile app to take sales
00:26  this season to. The online web page tracks cookie sales and
00:30  lets customers see how their favorite girl scout is doing. The
00:33  Girl Scouts say the new digital cookie program makes sense because
00:36  it helps the girls learn more about finance marketing and online
00:39  communication. But if you like the old fashioned way girls will
00:43  still be making door to door sales GM find out more
00:46  on USA today dot com.
More Videos:

CESC plans big capex; may acquire distressed assetsDec 02, 2014, 12.49 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
CESC plans big capex; may acquire distressed assets
Sanjiv Goenka VC, CESC in an interview to CNBC-TV18 said the funds raised via Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) would entirely be used for further capex.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
CESC plans big capex; may acquire distressed assets
Sanjiv Goenka VC, CESC in an interview to CNBC-TV18 said the funds raised via Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) would entirely be used for further capex.
Post your opinion here
The power demand and the CESC network is growing and over the next five to seven years we are expected to come to a total of about 3,000 MW.
Sanjiv Goenka
Chairman
CESC
Many of the big brokerages like CLSA, Macquarie, Emkay are betting big on  CESC and is their top pick in the midcap utility space.
Sanjiv Goenka VC, CESC in an interview to CNBC-TV18 said the company has huge expansion plans for the future. He said the funds raised via Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) would entirely be used for further expansions.
The company is planning on beefing up their transmission network to 3000 MW which will require funds. They also plan to bit for coal mine auctions, he said. The company had recently raised Rs 500 crore.
The funding of these expansions will be done via internal accruals, debt and the QIP amount, said Goenka. The company may also look at acquiring some distressed assets within the power sector that come up for sale, he added
Talking about the financial performance, he said the second half would be similar to that of first half but expects definite increase in earnings going forward.
CESC is a fully integrated power utility with its operation spanning the entire value chain: right from mining coal, generating power, distribution of power.
Below is the transcript of Sanjiv Goenka’s interview with Anuj Singhal & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Sonia: You had a multiyear capex plan that has now drawn to a close. Can you just give us an indication of what the second half of the year will look like in terms of earnings and what FY16 could look like both in terms of revenue trajectory as well as profitability?
A: If you look at Calcutta Electric Supply Corporation (CESC) by itself, the second half should be similar to the way the first half has gone. As far as the two projects that we have commissioned, one in Maharashtra and one in Haldia are concerned, the Maharashtra project has an agreement with Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Ltd (Tangedco), which is in Tamil Nadu for supply of 100 megawatts (MW) of power. We have recently signed an agreement with a private sector utility in northern India to supply 190 MW under Section 62.
With that, roughly about half the unit gets taken care of. There are negotiations with another private sector utility for supply of the remainder half of the capacity. Talks are at an advanced stage.
As far as the project at Haldia is concerned, the power purchase agreement (PPA) has been signed with CESC and the entire production from that unit will come into the CESC network.
Anuj: You raised Rs 500 crore recently. If you could tell us what is your intention for that money and would you be in the market anytime soon for any kind of fund raising or are you sufficiently funded now?
A: This is going to be used to fund our future capex as we go on. We are going to bid for the coal mines in the coal mine auction. We are setting up and beefing up our transmission network. The power demand and the CESC network is growing and over the next five to seven years we are expected to come to a total of about 3,000 MW and for that we have to beef up our transmission network and therefore you will see some investments going in there, which are already being planned in a very significant way.
So, part of it will be funded by internal accruals, part of it by this equity that we have raised and part of it will be funded by debt. So, overall we do expect to bid and we hope we will be successful in the coal mines and then the transmission network is the big one and if the coal linkage committee of the government of India meets and gives coal linkages then our power project in Orissa is rated as number one in the CEA list for awarding the coal linkage. So, if that happens then that is something that we will start working on soon. There could be some distressed assets that may come up for sale and so we would be looking at those also.
Sonia: Would you look at something in this financial year itself?
A: We are open to looking at ideas immediately but we would only take them if they make commercial sense to us.
Sonia: Any assets that you could tell us about that you are currently looking at?
A: No, that is all covered by confidentiality clauses so we are not at liberty to talk about them.
Sonia: You were telling us about what the expectation is for the second of the year. In Q2, your generation volumes did not grow much in fact they were quite flat. What is the volume that you are expecting in the second half of the year and what could the plant load factor (PLF) look like?
A: The PLF would look better than last year for sure. December-January is a period where typically demand in any city is at its lowest because of winter. You then typically take your plants for overhaul and maintenance at this point of the year. So PLF should be lower than the first half but it will be higher than the previous year.
Anuj: I am just reading one brokerage report, which expects your profits to double in two years and a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 24 percent over FY14-17. Would that be a reasonable estimate?
A: We do expect optimistic results as we go forward. We are bullish. We have invested in capex, we have invested in capacity and we do expect over a period of two to three years these capacities to start earning fully. Therefore, definitely you will see increase in the earnings but to what extent -- I think it is a factor of the market.
Sonia: Your Sarshatali mining lease that was cancelled -- can you tell us what the fine is that is likely to be expected in terms of what is the quantum and in case the fine is crystallised, do you think you will be able to pass it on via higher tariffs to customers?
A: Firstly, let me clarify that it is not a fine it is a levy. The Supreme Court (SC) judgment says it is an additional levy, it does not say it is either a fine or penalty that is point number one.
Point number two the amount is closed to Rs 990 crore. Now dialogues are on with the regulator and we have to see how to minimize the impact on the consumer.
Sonia: Will some of the qualified institutional placement (QIP) money be used to fund this levy?
A: No, not at all. QIP money will go purely for growth.
CESC stock price
On December 10, 2014, CESC closed at Rs 627.90, down Rs 3.5, or 0.55 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 828.10 and the 52-week low was Rs 399.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 51.94 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 12.09. The latest book value of the company is Rs 527.36 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.19.
RELATED NEWS

59.4 rural households do not have toilet facilitiesCBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case
Government has spent over dollar 3 billion on constructing toilets across the country but the sanitation campaigns are yet to achieve success with nearly 60 per cent rural households lacking toilet facilities.
With the effort put into the sanitation programme, the coverage in rural areas has gone up from one per cent in 1981 to 32.70 per cent as per Census 2011, and to 40.60 per cent as per National Sample Survey Office report 2012.
“As per NSSO report 2012, 59.4 per cent rural households do not have toilet facilities,” Minister of State for Drinking Water and Sanitation Ram Kripal Yadav told Rajya Sabha said in his reply to a question.
Government has spent over USD 3 billion on constructing toilets across the country and despite such a massive investment, India’s sanitation campaigns over the years have unfortunately yielded limited results, the Minister said.
Yadav said under the Swachh Bharat Mission (Gramin), the total fund requirement for construction of toilets, Solid Liquid Waste Management projects and associated activities is estimated to be Rs 1,34,386 crore, out of which central share is Rs 1,00,447 crore.
He said resources for the Swachh Bharat Mission (Gramin), launched on October 2 this year, to be made available inter-alia through budgetary allocations, contributions to the Swachh Bharat Kosh and commitments under Corporate Social Responsibility.
The Mission is launched at attaining a Open Defecation Free India by 2019.
Yadav also said a number of individual toilets constructed under the previous Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan in different states have become unusable for various reasons.
TAGS: Swacch Bharat Abhiyan
More from economy
Per capita annual income increases in national capital The per capita annual income in the national capital has increased to Rs 2.19 lakh in 2013-14 as campared to Rs 1.92 lakh in the previous fiscal.

RBI policy: Auto  property hold on to losses; banks recoverDec 02, 2014, 11.42 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
RBI policy: Auto, property hold on to losses; banks recover
Shares in interest rate-sensitive sectors such as auto, banks and real estate fell Tuesday after the Reserve Bank of India decided to hold interest rates at current levels, despite a rising chorus for a rate cut.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
RBI policy: Auto, property hold on to losses; banks recover
Shares in interest rate-sensitive sectors such as auto, banks and real estate fell Tuesday after the Reserve Bank of India decided to hold interest rates at current levels, despite a rising chorus for a rate cut.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares in interest rate-sensitive sectors such as auto and real estate held on to early losses Tuesday after the Reserve Bank of India decided to hold key lending rates at current levels, despite a rising chorus for a rate cut.
In key auto movers, Maruti Suzuki , Tata Motors  and M&M  were down 0.4 percent to 1.2 percent even though auto stocks were also digesting monthly auto sales data that started coming out from yesterday.
Among real estate stocks, DLF , Oberoi  and Prestige Estate  fell 0.4 percent to 1.2 percent as well.
But banks inched up broadly higher led by SBI , ICICI Bank  and Axis Bank , which rose 0.5 percent to 0.8 percent, after the broader stock and bond market reversed some early losses.
While the market itself was not expecting a rate cut given RBI governor Raghuram Rajan's repeated assertions monetary policy would remain tight till inflation was brought under control -- as many as 95 percent economists polled by CNBC-TV18 had said they did not expect the central bak to move today -- of late there was a growing clamour about an outside chance of a rate cut coming through on the back of inflation data.
Consumer inflation has fallen off from double digits to a historic low of 5.52 percent but a statement from the RBI said inflation could rise in the next few months after the base effect runs out  and a a change in the monetary policy stance "at the current juncture was premature".
"However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle," the central bank added.
RELATED NEWS

Celkon Win 400: Celkon launches its first Windows Phone smartphone at Rs 4 9799
0
Hyderabad: Celkon Mobiles, a city-based mobile handset manufacturer and wireless solutions provider, today launched Celkon Win 400, one of the country's cheapest Windows smartphone, with a price tag of Rs 4,979.
Murali Retineni, executive director of Celkon Mobiles, said 'Win 400', the first Windows phone from Celkon's stable, runs on Windows Phone 8.1 operating system (OS).
"Our plan is to bring more smartphones on the Windows platform. The next in line will be a 5-inch Windows phone, which is currently in the testing stage," Retineni announced in a press conference.
The Celkon Win 400 features a 4-inch display, and is powered by a 1.2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 200 chipset.
#celkon #celkon win 400 #windows phone #smartphones
Celkon currently enjoys a 4 per cent share in the Indian smartphones market and is aiming at taking this to between 7 per cent and 8 per cent by March 2015, he added. Rajiv Ahlawat, director (mobility), Microsoft India said 'Win 400' would be their most affordable offering. "We would like to develop a larger portfolio of Windows phones in association with Celkon," he said.
Ahlawat said Microsoft is aiming to develop with its partners an ecosystem in India which would place it in a much bigger position in the next six to 12 months.
The new handset features a 4-inch high-definition display, powered by 1.2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 200 chip set and backed by a 1,500-mAh lithium ion battery. It sports a 5-mega pixel rear camera with LED flash and a 1.3-mega pixel front-facing camera.
24

India successfully test-fires Agni-IV missileIndia successfully test-fires Agni-IV missile
PTI
Tweet
Balasore (Odisha), Dec 2:  
India today successfully test-fired its nuclear-capable strategic ballistic missile Agni-IV, with a strike range of about 4,000 km, from a test range off the Odisha coast.
This was the fourth trial of Agni-IV missile. The last trial was carried out successfully on January 20 this year from the same test range off Odisha coast.
Supported by a mobile launcher, the sleek missile was flight tested from the launch complex-4 of Integrated Test Range (ITR) at Wheeler Island, at about 10.20 am.
The test conducted by the specially formed Strategic Force Command (SFC) was successful, Ravi Kumar Gupta, Director of the Directorate of Public Interface, Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO), said.
“The sophisticated surface-to-surface missile is equipped with modern and compact avionics to provide high level of reliability,” sources said.
Missile features
Agni-IV missile is equipped with latest Avionics, fifth generation On Board Computer and distributed architecture. It has the latest features to correct and guide itself for in-flight disturbances.
The most accurate Ring Laser Gyro based Inertial Navigation System (RINS) and supported by highly reliable redundant Micro Navigation System (MINGS) ensures the vehicle reach the target within two-digit accuracy.
The re-entry heat shield can withstand temperatures in the range of 4,000 degree centigrade and makes sure that the avionics function normally with inside temperature remaining less than 50 degree centigrade.
Agni-I, II and III and Prithvi are already in the arsenal of armed forces, giving them a reach of over 3,000 km, giving India an effective deterrence capability, they said.
Radars and electro-optical systems are positioned along the coast of Odisha tracked and monitored all the parameters of the missile, the sources said, adding two Indian naval ships anchored near the target area witnessed the final event.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Bajaj Auto stock falls on November salesBajaj Auto stock closes 1.24 per cent lower on Nov sales
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 16:45 IST
The Bajaj Auto stock fell on Tuesday after the company said its November sales fell to 3,09,259 units against 3,10,591 units in the corresponding month of the previous fiscal.
The stock closed 1.24 per cent lower at Rs 2,602 on the BSE.
Exports in November were the highest ever, clocking 1,65,733 units, a rise of 24 per cent year-on-year.

Rajan keeps key rates unchanged | Why he didn t cut | HighlightsYou are here: Home > Collections
RBI keeps key rates unchanged; says premature to change monetary policy stance
ET Bureau Dec 2, 2014, 11.06AM IST
Tags:
gdp
(RBI Governor Raghurma Rajan…)
MUMBAI: Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan left interest rates unchanged for the fifth time in a row, awaiting firm signals that consumer price inflation will slide convincingly and remain low for a long time.
But he gave a strong indication that rate cuts could come early in 2015.
"A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature," Rajan said in the statement accompanying the announcement. "However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle."
He also signposted two critical decisions that will be announced soon-- one is on the 5-25 funding structure for infrastructure projects that was announced in the budget, the other is on banks taking equity during debt restructuring. The price at which this can be done is being discussed with the Securities and Exchange Board of India, he said.
The governor's decision is on expected lines as nearly every economist said there wouldn't be a change in interest rates, barring a few hopefuls after the decision of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries decision to keep supplies stable pushed down crude oil prices to four-year lows.
"We are certainly seeing a disinflationary process," Rajan said at a press conference after the policy was unveiled. "We want to get more certainty on the disinflationary process."
The governor reiterated his oft-stated position that it was important to win the battle on prices rather than ease monetary policy to early only to have them popping up again.
"We want to make sure that this is for real, we don't want to flip-flop," he said. "We'd rather change for good."
In answer to another question, he said, "We're not trying to manage long-interest rates."
Rajan said those clamouring for interest rate cuts were being short-sighted. The central bank was not looking at quarter-to-quarter numbers. "We're talking about tears of sustainable growth... that is a message that has to seep through."
Still, the RBI forecast of consumer inflation has been revised down to 6% in March 2015. The growth projection for 2014-15 has however been retained at 5.5%. Revising his earlier hawkish tone in the previous policy statement when he expressed concerns about upside risks to inflation, the statement said, "The risks to the January 2016 target of 6% appear evenly balanced under the current policy stance."
The RBI has reservations about the evolution of the base effect in inflation, how long ongoing disinflationary impulses last, the pace of change of the public's inflationary expectations, as well as the success of the government's efforts to hit deficit targets.
The repo rate, at which RBI lends to banks, remained at 8%, and so did all the other rates. The cash reserve requirement, the proportion of deposits that banks have to keep with the central bank, remains at 4%.
"RBI would like inflation to be sustainable at lower level before lowering rates," said Naresh Takker, MD and CEO of rating company ICRA. "Also, one should bear in mind that the inflation number may go up next month due to lower agriculture productions and also the benefit of the base effect would reverse soon," he added.
Governor Rajan has been under pressure from various quarters for a reduction since prices are sliding fast amid uncertain growth indicators. But economists have been of the view that the fall could be temporary, given the base effect and that there are chances of a sharp jump in the CPI reading early next year.
  Inflation as measured by the CPI that came into force in 2012, fell to a record of 5.5% in October. That is lower than the RBI's target of 6% by March 2016. The central bank aims to target inflation permanently at 4%, in a band of 2% on either side, as recommended by the Urjit Patel Committee.
To be sure, household inflation expectations are still high at more than 15%. Information on the enhancement of supplies of protein-rich products, an item that pushed up CPI, is flaky. Positive real interest rates need to be sustained for a longer term if an economic revival is to be supported by domestic savings.
While the policy rates have been high, market rates have been easing with the yield on the benchmark government bonds falling more than 100 basis points from its peak expecting a rate cut.
Furthermore, the demand for loans has fallen to three-year lows to 11%, even though deposits have gained momentum, thanks to positive real interest rates for the first time in more than four years.
But given the Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government measures such as releasing more food stocks into the market and low increase in minimum support prices, inflation is expected to be lower than it was under the previous government.
The industrial climate is also looking to be turning for the better with second-quarter gross domestic product growing at 5.3%, above the forecast of 5.1%, though slower than the 5.7% rate in April-June. HSBC's PMI in November rose to its highest since February 2013 at 53.3.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Consumers may soon be able to track farm origin of Indian mangoesInternational consumers may soon be able to track farm origin of Indian mangoes
Jayashree Bhosale, ET Bureau Dec 2, 2014, 11.43AM IST
Tags:
EU
(The EU had imposed a temporary…)
PUNE: India plans to introduce a system to allow international consumers of Indian mangoes to trace back the fruit to its farm of origin through the internet as part of its efforts to persuade the European Union to lift ban on Indian mangoes.
Government agencies are working to put in place 'Mangonet' — an online traceability system that will register mango growers and exporters and enable importers and supermarkets in the European Union (EU) to check complete details of their shipments — on the lines of the successful 'Grapenet'.
"The success of Grapenet has encouraged us to replicate the system in mangoes," said Sudhanshu, deputy general manager of Agricultural and Processed Food Products Export Development Authority.
The EU had imposed a temporary ban on Alphonso mangoes and four vegetables from India from May 1, stating that it had found fruit fly infestation in the fruit.
This impacted exports to the United Kingdom (UK), the second largest export market for Indian mangoes after the UAE. Following the ban, Maharashtra, the largest exporter of mangoes in the country, started using HortiSAP, an IT-based pest surveillance system extensively for mangoes.
An EU audit committee visited export facilities in India two months ago, following which, the government agencies and exporters are hopeful that the ban would be lifted next year.
"The EU audit committee has seen the sea change in our set up," said Sudhanshu. Maharashtra's horticulture department has recruited about 70 to 80 agricultural graduates to monitor mango orchards in eight mango-exporting districts in the state for early detection of any pest/disease incidence. They get online advisories from the National Centre for Integrated Pest Management in New Delhi.
Field staff use iPads and Skype to communicate regularly with the officials at the state headquarters about the state of crop, pest, diseases and registration of farmers.
Govind Hande, chief inspecting authority for phytosanitary certification in Maharashtra, said, "We have provided a list of pesticides with label claim to the mango growers. They will get 'fit for export' certificate only if their samples pass all the tests. If the samples have a problem, the exporters will get alert notice." Mango exporters are hopeful that the online system will help boost their business.
"The Grapenet system gave very good results. As Mangonet will be on similar lines, it will be good for mango exports," said Kaushal Khakar, CEO at Mumbaibased KB Exports.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rajan scores one for the RBI s independenceRajan scores one for RBI's independence
Ishan Bakshi | New Delhi Dec 03, 2014 12:30 AM IST
The decision to hold policy rates, in the face of intense pressure from the finance ministry and industry, is likely to be unpopular with some sections of this country’s political and business elite. But actions of the central bank, as RBI governor Rajan has pointed out in the past, “will not be popular. The governorship of the central bank is not meant to win Facebook likes.”
With the political class often trying to influence their decisions, maintaining central bank independence is a challenge. Politicians, guided by short-term considerations to please their electorate, often end up ignoring the long-term ramifications of their actions, which central bankers have to be mindful of.
The independence of central bankers is contested across the world. The Bank of China isn’t politically independent. Brazil’s central bank chooses an inflation target jointly with the government. In Japan, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has exerted pressure on the Bank of Japan to print money to get the economy going.
In India, according to the 1934 RBI Act, governments have the power to issue policy directions. But while past central bankers have managed to retain a degree of operational autonomy, in their 2013 study on global central banks’ transparency and independence, N. Nergiz and Barry Eichengreen have ranked RBI as one of the least independent central banks. According to the authors, the manner in which governors are appointed and the lack of independence in policy formulation are some of the reasons for the low score.
Economists like Eswar Prasad argue that central banks in developing countries attempt to limit politicians’ influence by adopting inflation targets for their monetary policy. With monetary policy explicitly guided by these targets it reduces the interference from the political class. In the Indian context, one of the first initiatives undertaken by Rajan was to move towards an inflation targeting regime. Consistent with his past arguments that “focusing on a single objective – low and stable inflation is ultimately the best way that monetary policy can promote macroeconomic and financial stability”, monetary policy is now guided by meeting the inflation target of 6 per cent by January 2016 that Rajan has explicitly laid out. By moving towards an inflation targeting regime, Rajan is clearly transitioning towards a regime that gives the central bank its independence.  
The case for a loose monetary policy is largely based on the superficial view that inflation is now firmly under control and that high interest rates are holding back investment. Further, with the government expected to cut its expenditure sharply in the coming quarters to meet its fiscal deficit target, lower rates, the argument goes, would propel private investment which would boost growth.
But rather than succumbing to pressure, Rajan has wisely opted to maintain a status quo on monetary policy, choosing to wait for conclusive evidence that inflation is firmly under control. The monetary policy statement clearly states that the “favourable base effect that is driving down headline inflation will likely dissipate and inflation for December (data release in mid-January) may well rise above current levels” and that “it is reasonable to expect some firming up of these prices (of food) in view of the monsoon’s performance so far and the shortfall estimated for kharif production.” Thus the decision to reverse the current monetary stance is premature.

RBI chief says govt will review gold import normsDec 02, 2014, 12.39 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
RBI chief says govt will review gold import norms
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan said the decision to scrap a rule mandating traders to export 20 percent of all gold imported into the country was a "reasonable" one and the government will review its gold import policies.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
RBI chief says govt will review gold import norms
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan said the decision to scrap a rule mandating traders to export 20 percent of all gold imported into the country was a "reasonable" one and the government will review its gold import policies.
Post your opinion here
 
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan said the decision to scrap a rule mandating traders to export 20 percent of all gold imported into the country was a "reasonable" one and the government will review its gold import policies.
The RBI held interest rates steady as widely expected at its policy review on Tuesday, but said it could cut interest rates by early next year depending on whether inflation eases further and on fiscal developments.
"The government decided that it was probably best at this point to scrap the rule and it has been scrapped," Rajan said during a media interaction post policy.
"Of course, there are now further requests to change the duty structure that the government will review in its own good time and decide ... I think the decision is reasonable and let us see how it plays out," he said.
The governor also clarified that the central bank's forward positions in foreign currency is "one reason" for conducting open market bond sales.
The central bank added a net USD 1.79 billion of up to one-year forwards in October, lower than the USD 2.6 billion added in the previous month, according to Reuters calculations based on data from the central bank's website.
RELATED NEWS

Rate sensitive stocks drag markets lower; M&M down 3%Rate sensitive stocks drag markets lower; M&M down 3%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 02, 2014 01:21 PM IST
Benchmark indices are trading in the negative territory weighed down by auto stocks and financials after Reserve Bank of India kept policy rates unchanged. 
The Reserve Bank of India kept interest rates unchanged at 8% on Tuesday as widely expected, staying focused on containing inflation while adopting a more dovish tone in response to the government's call for help to revive economic growth. However, the central bank indicated rates could ease early next year as inflation shows signs of cooling.
At 1.15 PM, the 30-share Sensex is down 77 points at 28,482 and the Nifty has slipped 25 points at 8,531.
Dinesh Thakkar, chairman & managing director, Angel Broking adds the RBI has kept key policy rates unchanged this time around, but the policy tone has clearly become far more dovish. In fact, the policy more or less indicates that by March-April 2015 itself, the RBI is likely to start cutting interest rates. Not only that, once the budget 2015 contours are known and inflation trajectory becomes increasingly certain, the RBI has also indicated that the rate cut cycle, once it starts, is likely to endure for a more sustained period of time. We have in any case held the view that broader interest rates, including bond yields are likely to head around 100bps lower over the next year, and the current policy further reinforces that. In our view, lower interest rates are likely to be a key positive for the investment cycle and GDP growth going forward. We remain positive on domestic cyclicals and markets overall.
Asian Markets:
Asian markets are trading firm. A rebound in crude oil and other commodity prices favouring the stock markets of resource-exporting countries. Japanese shares are up 0.5% and Shanghai Composite is up 3%, Straits Times is up 0.7% and Hang Seng is up 1.4%.
Sectors & Key Stocks:
On the sectoral front, BSE Auto and IT indices are down over 1% each. On the other hand, BSE Metal and Healthcare indices have gained nearly 1% each.
An appreciating rupee has casted its shadow on the IT stocks. Wipro and TCS are down 0.4% each. Infosys turned ex-bonus today for 1:1 bonus issue. The stock is down by almost 2%. The company has fixed December 3, 2014 as the record date for the purpose of allotment of bonus shares. However, the stock turned ex-bonus today. 
The financial segment is witnessing selling after Reserve Bank of India kept policy rates unchanged. HDFC twins, Axis Bank and SBI have lost between 0.4-1.7%.
ICICI Bank recovered from early lows and is up 0.6%. The stock turns ex-stock split on Thursday, December 4. Shareholders would be entitled to receive 5 equity shares of nominal value of Rs. 2 each in lieu of 1 equity share of nominal value of Rs. 10 each of the Bank.
The auto pack is losing sheen in today’s trade. Bajaj Auto has dropped 1.5%. The company’s total sales in November 2014 declined to 309,259 units compared to 310,591 units in the same month last year.
M&M has slipped 3% after reporting a 13% decline in total car sales numbers in November, 2014 compared to same month last year.  Hero Motocorp, Maruti Suzuki and Tata Motors have lost between 0.5-1%.
On the flip side, oil and gas shares firmed up after the brief correction on Monday. ONGC and Reliance Industries gained 0.7% each.
Fresh buying is visible in the metal pack. Hindalco, Sesa Sterlite, Tata steel and COAL India are up between 0.5-1.6%.
Bharti Airtel, L&T, NTPC and Sun Pharma are some of the notable names in green among others and are up between 0.5-1.3%.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap index is up 0.4% and Small-cap index is trading with marginal gains.
Market breadth is weak with 1,426 losers and 1,245 gainers on the BSE.
  

Expect a 25bps cut by March but keep watch on oil price: Upasna BhardwajExpect a 25bps cut by March but keep watch on oil price: Upasna Bhardwaj
Jinsy Mathew | Mumbai Dec 02, 2014 01:06 PM IST
In conversation with Jinsy Mathew, Upasna Bhardwaj, economist at ING Vysya Bank shares her view of today’s Policy. Even as she is optimistic about a rate cut in near future, an unfavourable base effect may weigh the inflation data in 2015
Your initial reaction to the Policy and what according to you were the highlights?
The Policy was in line with expectations and the markets were expecting a dovish stand from the Governor, which he did deliver. The announcement for the day was the narrative that the RBI in all likelihood will change its stand on the Policy early next year which is definitely a sentiment booster.
We were looking for an April 2015 rate cut and I continue to believe in that stand as we will have a constructive view of the macro scene in terms of various data, oil price trajectory and also the Budget will be over. Till February I do not see any action, post that there can be a case of a mixed policy act.
 
So it’s a March rate cut if at all?
I would say April but since Governor has mentioned a mid policy action it can be some time after the Budget.
Can we expect a 50 bps cut in April then?
I would say the Governor would start with a 25 bps cut because as we go ahead into the next year we have an unfavourable base effect in waiting coupled with the uncertainties of monsoon, growth and oil prices. This will force the policy makers to be not so aggressive to start with.
How do you see the inflation trajectory panning out in the near term?
On the inflation front, I think the upcoming data will be sub 4.5% but post that we will be tending towards 6%. My estimates are almost in line with the current RBI outlook. For calendar year 2015, we should be hovering around 6%.
Do you see crude oil price as a party spoiler for a rate cut if the crude prices were to reverse from current levels?
Yes, but the extent of reversal will be watched. A $10 rise from current levels will not be a spoiler. But if the crude makes a dash towards $100 then we have a problem as it would increase the upside for inflation risks.
Do you think a rate cut will be enough to boost growth?
A combination of prudent monetary and fiscal policy contributes to growth and either of the factors alone is not of much help. So far, RBI has been firm and has managed to anchor inflation while the government has taken several measures which I think is in the correct direction. The positive effects will materialize with a lag and hence in the subsequent quarters the positive impact will be seen.
If RBI goes ahead with a rate cut post Budget, do you see banks following suit?
The monetary policy transmission always comes with a lag, so the banks may not cut rates right away. It will take a couple of months before banks begin to lower lending rates

Way to sustained growth is by fighting inflation: RajanWay to sustained growth is by fighting inflation, says Raghuram Rajan
IANS     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 15:10 IST
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan (Photo: Reuters)
Strongly refuting the charge of being against growth, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan said on Tuesday the way to sustainable growth was through moderating inflation.
"There is a major misconception in the industry that the RBI is not concerned about growth. The central bank is concerned about growth and the way to sustainable growth is to have a moderate inflation," Rajan told reporters in Mumbai after announcing the central bank's fifth bi-monthly policy review for the current fiscal.
"RBI wants the strongest growth for India that is possible. We're talking of years of sustainable growth for which you need to fight inflation," he added.
In line with expectations, the RBI on Tuesday decided to keep key interest rates unchanged. The apex bank kept the repo rate, or the interest that banks pay when they borrow money from the RBI to meet their short-term fund requirements, unchanged at 8 per cent.
Rajan said a change in the monetary policy at the current juncture is premature.
"There is still some uncertainty about the evolution of base effects in inflation, the strength of the on-going disinflationary impulses, the pace of change of the public's inflationary expectations, as well as the success of the government's efforts to hit deficit targets, the governor said.
When asked about a missed opportunity for a rate cut, Rajan said if the RBI were to cut rates now it would risk inflation down the line and the associated loss of credibility.
"We should be confident before we do it, or else you will have the same problem of high inflation again and again," he said.
The RBI has set a target of Consumer Price Index (CPI)-based retail inflation at 8 per cent by January 2015 and 6 per cent by January 2016.
Country's annual wholesale inflation rate dropped to its lowest level in five years to 1.77 per cent in October from 2.38 per cent in the previous month and 7.24 per cent for the like month of the previous year, official data showed on Friday.
What may have helped Rajan ward off pressure for a rate cut is that the country's factory output grew at 2.5 per cent in September showing that the slowdown in economic growth was not as bad as earlier feared.
American brokerage Morgan Stanley expects CPI inflation to dip to around 4.5 per cent in November 2014 before edging up to around 6.4 per cent in the first quarter of 2015 with the receding of the favourable base effect.
Analysts say the RBI governor remains wary of factors outside his control like volatile oil prices that has seen international crude oil prices slumping below $70 a barrel.
Rajan, who has said he will not hold rates for longer than needed, has hiked rates thrice in his 15-month tenure citing inflation as a major concern.

Govt raises excise duty on petrol  diesel again01:30 pm
The government on Tuesday raised excise duty on petrol and diesel once again. It had last raised excise duty on petrol and diesel by Rs 1.50 a litre each to help it achieve the fiscal deficit target for this year on November 14.
In this round, the excise duty on petrol will be raised by Rs 2.25 per litre, while for diesel it will be hiked by Rs 1 effective midnight. The government expects to mop up Rs 4,000 crore through this additional hike.
The hike will not be passed on to consumers, sources say.
Former  IOC CMD S Behuria believes increasing excise duty is a step in the right direction at this point. He adds that this is a good move by the government to raise money in a quick way.
S Narayan, former financial secretary says while this is a very good step and the government is looking at the interest of the consumers as well as its own balance sheet, it should perhaps also take care of the companies’ interests.
Gagan Dixit of Quant Global Research does not think that OMCs will not be allowed to enjoy high margins. "In case of gasoline these oil marketing companies (OMCs) are making in the range of something like Rs 2-4 per litre, past two-three years I have observed. So that is the typical range they are expected to make," he told CNBC-TV18.
Narendra Taneja, BJP Energy Cell feels oil prices may move northwards in the next few months.
Below is the verbatim transcript of S Narayan, S Behuria, Narendra Taneja and Gagan Dixit's interview on CNBC-TV18
Ekta: Your thoughts on the excise duty hike, second in a span of less than a month?
Narayan: What the government has done is a very good step because as you know the revenues are now far short of their budgeted targets and they need to meet the fiscal deficit target of 4.1 percent. So this is a good opportunity. The only thing is that only yesterday they reduced the petrol and diesel price also and to impose the excise duty now, perhaps there could have been a little bit of coordination so that this could have been optically better managed. But yes in terms of step it is a right step that they are taking.
I do take the point that the interest of the oil companies is not been fully taken care of in all these variations. Government continues to look at of course the customer’s interest but also continues to look at its balance sheet. So in a way I think in all this somewhere the government should also take care of the companies interest.
Anuj: Is this the call now that the government has taken that from hereon further fall in crude prices will be used up by the government and not entirely passed on to the consumers?
Taneja: Not exactly, this call has been taken because the idea was that the government has an opportunity to build a capacity because we all know that oil prices are down today but we don’t know what is going to happen tomorrow. In all likelihood, oil prices will start moving northward in months to come.
Anuj: Are you saying that in case the oil prices go up over the next two or three months, pump prices would not be raised and the cushion that has been created because of excise duty hike that would be cut, is that what you are saying?
Taneja: No, this is the government response as of today. We will have to wait and watch, we will have to study the development very carefully. The idea will be to pass on the benefit to the consumers wherever possible, to the extent possible but at the same time – this is my personal view that the government should think of setting up price stabilisation fund and use part of the money as oil prices go down to put in that fund which can be a national trust which is run in a very transparent manner.
When the prices go up and the country starts demanding, the government needs to step in; the government can step in or the fund can step in on behalf of the government to stabilise the prices so that the people can be insulated to the extent possible. So, that is just my personal opinion.
Anuj: Stocks are down quite a bit, quite clearly there is not going to be any negative impact on these companies but one thing which the market will now have to live with is that these companies will not be allowed to enjoy any kind of positive margin on petrol and diesel. That is something which is now quite clearly visible that either the prices at the pump level will be reduced or excise duty will be hiked. In such a scenario how would you approach these stocks?
Dixit: No, I do not think it is a case that these companies are not allowed to make high margins because anyway if the government doesn’t increase the excise duty, after two weeks they are going to reduce Rs 1-2 further on diesel and gasoline prices. So, in case of gasoline these oil marketing companies (OMCs) are making in the range of something like Rs 2-4 per litre, past two-three years I have observed. So that is the typical range they are expected to make.
But if crude reverses further to about USD 80/barrel, government might reduce the excise duty in future.
Anuj: In between all of this one stock which had quite clearly got almost everything going against it now is  ONGC because on one hand you have lower crude prices, subsidy burden is falling but that is not being shared with ONGC yet. How would you approach this stock?
Dixit: For Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), I expect that from next quarter there is a possibility that some clarity would emerge or at least they would start getting the benefit from declining under recoveries. What happened in last quarter is that during July to September, average crude price internationally was still higher so definitely they have not got the benefit. However, going forward if they maintain the USD 56 per barrel subsidy burden on their production, definitely their realisation would be hardly USD 5-10/barrel around that level.
Q: I have a two part question. First is do you believe this is a right step, government wants to take advantage of the lower crude prices and secondly how would companies react? Do we see a price hike today or would that be taken care of with the positive margin that these companies enjoy right now?
Behuria: I think it is a right step as an ad-hoc step. The government so far has insulated the consumers for many years on price increases. When it came to between oil industry and government, they helped them a lot by giving subsidies, under-recoveries. So when there is an opportunity for a quick mopping up without hurting anybody, I think it is a very good step but I think the government must now come out with the policy of low price regime, which is likely to remain for the next two-three years in my view. You cannot do these ad-hoc things all the time. Number two is, I don’t think that should increase any prices because they would have looked at those numbers. Basically I think the under-recoveries that oil industry is going to make is mostly marked up through excise taxes, which is okay. This is an easy and a quick way of doing it.
RELATED NEWS

India needs to expand cold storage facilities'India needs to expand cold storage facilities'
Jayanta Mallick
Tweet
Kolkata, Dec 2:  
India has around 6,300 cold storage facilities, with a capacity of 30.11 million tonnes. However, some 75-80 per cent of these refrigerated warehouses are suitable only to store potatoes, a commodity that produces only 20 per cent of agricultural revenue.
This was revelaed in a report by the Institution of Mechanical Engineers (IME), a professional organisation of the UK.
Based on 2012 statistics, the organisation said that India needs expansion of cold storage infrastructure in an affordable, reliable and sustainable way to increase the contribution of agriculture to the economy.
Cold chain investment
India’s investment in cold chain is projected to be $15 billion over the next five years, IME pointed out.
The report said that approximately 60 per cent of the total number of facilities are located only in Uttar Pradesh, Gujarat, West Bengal and Punjab.
Only 4 million of the 104 million tonnes of fresh produce is transported through a cold chain.
Wastage of fruits and vegetables
The organisation found that only 10-11 per cent of the fruits and vegetables produced in India use cold storage. Storage capacity needs to be increased by 40 per cent to avoid wastage, the report said.
There is more wastage of fruits and vegetablesin the southern and western regions of India due to the tropical and humid climate.
Horticulture production
In 2013, West Bengal was India’s leading horticulture producing State and accounted for over 10 per cent share across the country. However, the State had only 5.682 million tonnes of functioning cold storage capacity.
According to Tim Fox, Head of Energy and Environment at IME, establishment of supply chains required prioritisation of investment in affordable, reliable and sustainable cold chain infrastructure.
“This includes combining renewable energy with innovative technologies for producing both power and cooling, such as for example cryogenic energy storage using liquid air or nitrogen,” he added.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Markets live: IT  auto stocks pull Sensex down 82 pointsMarkets live: Sensex sheds 116 points on profit-taking; IT, auto stocks skid
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 2:  
3.30 pmIndian equity markets fell for a second consecutive session on Tuesday, as software services exporters declined on rupee's strength and as investors booked profits after the central bank kept interest rates unchanged, although it signalled potential rate cuts by early 2015.
The Sensex fell 115.61 points or 0.4 per cent to 28,444.01 and the Nifty ended down by 31.2 points or 0.36 per cent at 8,524.70.
Rupee up The rupee was trading strong at 61.87
Sectoral indices IT and auto indices fell the most by 1.48 per cent and 1.05 per cent, respectively, followed by TECk 0.93 per cent and oil & gas 0.66 per cent.
Metal and healthcare indices were the star-performers and were up 1.2 per cent and 0.94 per cent, respectively, followed by capital goods 0.73 per cent and FMCG 0.65 per cent..
BSE gainers, losers Hindalco (2.51%), Bharti Airtel (1.81%), L&T (1.12%), SSLT (1.1%) and ICICI Bank (0.74%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were GAIL (2.85%), M&M (2.36%), Infosys (2.18%), HDFC (1.51%) and TCS (1.38%).
Is the global economy heading for a slowdown? China’s PMI tumbles, factory output has slowed even in France and Germany in November...
— Rajalakshmi Nirmal (@crajalakshmic) December 2, 2014
3.04 pmThe Sensex and the Nifty were trading lower by nearly 0.3 per cent at the pre-close session amid firm global cues.
The Sensex was trading down by 95.28 points at 28,464.34 and the Nifty was trading lower by 21.95 points at 8,533.95.
Sectoral indices IT and auto indices fell the most by 1.35 per cent and 1.00 per cent, respectively, followed by TECk 0.82 per cent and oil & gas 0.71 per cent.
Metal and healthcare indices were the star-performers and were up 1.29 per cent and 0.92 per cent, respectively, followed by capital goods 0.72 per cent and FMCG 0.68 per cent..
BSE gainers, losers Hindalco (2.12%), Bharti Airtel (1.87%), SSLT (1.15%), L&T (1.01%) and Sun Pharma (0.8%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were GAIL (3.15%), M&M (2.23%), Infosys (2.11%), Bajaj Auto (1.53%) and HDFC (-1.41%).
The Nifty call Go short with stop-loss at 8,590
European markets European stocks rose amid an increase in M&A and as investors weighed stimulus prospects ahead of the European Central Bank meeting this week.
Stoxx 50 was up 19.16 points or 0.59 per cent at 3,252.07 and FTSE 100 rose 76.39 points or 1.15 per cent to 6,732.76.
2.15 pmProfit-taking by funds and retail investors led the Sensex and the Nifty trade lower by nearly 0.3 per cent.
The BSE benchmark Sensex was trading at 28,477.96, down 81.66 points and the NSE index Nifty was trading at 8,531.50, down 24.4 points.
Sectoral indices IT and auto indices fell the most by 1.1 per cent and 1.08 per cent, respectively, followed by TECk 0.71 per cent and oil & gas 0.31 per cent.
Metal and healthcare indices were the star-performers and were up 1.29 per cent and 1.24 per cent, respectively.
BSE gainers, losers Hindalco (+2.27%), SSLT (+1.72%), L&T (+1.46%), Bharti Airtel (+1.28%) Sun Pharma (+1.19%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were M&M (-2.32%), Infosys (-1.93%), GAIL (-1.67%), Bajaj Auto (-1.61%) and Tata Motors (-1.05%).
Oil retailers down Stocks of oil retailing companies were down by nearly 3 per cent as the Government has hiked the excise duty on petrol by Rs. 2.25 a litre, and on diesel by Rs. 1 a litre effective tonight.
Excise duty hiked Petrol, diesel excise duty hiked
European stocks rose amid an increase in M&A and as investors weighed stimulus prospects ahead of the European Central Bank meeting this week.
1.42 pmThe Sensex and the Nifty were trading down by nearly 0.5 per cent due to profit-taking in blue-chips amid firm global cues.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex was trading down by 125.98 points at 28,433.64 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty was trading lower by 38.95 points at 8,516.95.
Sectoral indices IT and auto indices fell the most by 1.13 per cent, followed by TECk 0.7 per cent and consumer durables 0.38 per cent. Metal (+1.15%), healthcare (+0.95%) and capital goods (+0.55%) indices remained investors' favourite.
BSE gainers, losers SSLT (+1.79%), Hindalco (+1.56%), Bharti Airtel (+1.26%), L&T (+1.06%) and Tata Steel (+0.95%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were M&M (-2.71%), Infosys (-1.79%), Bajaj Auto (-1.53%), Tata Steel (-1.27%) and HDFC (-1.22%).
12.40 pmThe Nifty and the Sensex were trading down by over 0.4 per cent. The Nifty was trading at 8,522, down 34 points, and the Sensex at 28,443, down 117 points.
Volatility Index, India Vix was at 13.06, down 1.06 per cent.
Sectoral indices such as auto, finance, IT, realty and services were in the red.
Top five gainers on the Nifty were JIndal Steel, NMDC, Cairn India, Sesa Sterlite and PNB.
European indices, FTSE-100, CAC-40 and DAX were in the red.
12.16 pmThe Sensex and the Nifty were trading down by nearly 0.4 per cent on heavy selling in auto, IT and TECk stocks despite firm global cues.
The BSE benchmark Sensex fell 120.76 points to trade at 28,438.86 and the NSE index Nifty moved down by 34.89 points at 8,521.10.
Trading was highly volatile despite RBI announcing that it would cut interest rates early next year.
According to Monetary Policy, Threats to infl. from poor north-east monsoon, removal of base effect and changes in cmdty prices remain.
— lokeshwarri sk (@lokeshwarri) December 2, 2014
Sectoral indices Auto index fell the most by 1.17 per cent, followed by IT 0.93 per cent and TECk 0.6 per cent, while metal (0.62 per cent), capital goods (0.6 per cent) and healthcare (0.56 per cent) indices remained investors' favourite.

Select pharma shares rally on heavy volumesSelect pharma shares rally on heavy volumes
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 02, 2014 01:53 PM IST
Shares of select pharmaceutical companies Sun Pharma Advanced Research Company (SPARC), Wockhardt, GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals, Indoco Remedies and Natco Pharma have rallied between 5-10% on back of heavy volumes in otherwise subdued market on BSE.
At 13:29 hours, S&P BSE Healthcare index, the largest gainer among sectoral indices, was up 1% or 113 points as compared to 0.40% or 114 points decline in the benchmark S&P BSE Sensex.
SPARC has surged 10% to Rs 200 after the company announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has issued a complete response letter to its New Drug Application (NDA) for Latanoprost BAK-free eyedrops.
The stock hit a high of Rs 209 in early morning deals and has seen over ten-fold jump in trading volumes. A combined 4.57 million shares representing 2% of total equity of the company changed hands so far.
Wockhardt rallied over 8% to Rs 929, on back of three-fold rise in trading volumes on BSE.  The stock hit a 52-week high of Rs 939 in intra-day trade and has seen a combined 4.55 million shares changing hands on the counter on NSE and BSE.
The stock gained 12% in past three trading sessions from Rs 828 after the NSE included the company in its futures & options (F&O) segment from November 28.
Among the other individual stocks, GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals has surged 7% to Rs 3,180, followed by Indoco Remedies and Natco Pharma, which are up 5% each at Rs 308 and Rs 1,409 respectively.
Aurobindo Pharma, Torrent Pharmaceuticals, Cadila Healthcare, Glenmark Pharmaceuticals, Biocon, Strides Arcolab, Ipca Laboratories and Ranbaxy Laboratories up 1-3%.
 

Havent become CM to sit on files: DevendraFadnavisBy: Press Trust of India | Thane |
Posted: December 2, 2014 2:33 pm
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devnendra Fadnavis has said he has not become the chief minister to sit on files but for speedy execution of works.
“I have not become chief minister to sit on files like those in the previous government but to clear them speedily,” Fadnavis said presiding over ‘Agri Mahotsav’ held at Dombivili on Monday.
This was Fadnavis’s first visit to Thane after he took charge of the office last month.
“The previous government has left a lot of work for me which I am expected to clear. CM office receives on an average 300 files and 2,000 memorandum from citizens across the state.
Most of the files are cleared on the same day and which need opinion, are sent to departments concerned,” he said.
Fadnavis also paid rich tributes to people of Koli and Agri community (into fishing and agriculture) and said that their contribution towards the development of the state was noteworthy.
He said that the Koli-Agri community should be preserved and their culture should be promoted.
Referring to demands of people for both communities, Fadnavis said that he will soon take a decision and resolve the long pending issues of the citizens.
Issues pertaining to the Koli-Agri community like plot for reserved for education institutes, waste disposal facility, better health facility etc were put before the chief minister.
Fadnavis said that issues will be taken up and resolved within one month.

Will file defamation case against BJP: APP chief ArvindKejriwal 
 
Former Delhi Chief inister Arvind Kejriwal on Tuesday said his party will file a criminal defamation case against BJP which has alleged that AAP was diverting funds from NGOs of its leaders.
Kejriwal also challenged the BJP to disclose the list of their donors as his party has done and accused the saffron party of “terrorising” those who have donated money to AAP.
He also took a jibe at the media for “arbitrary coverage” of the allegations levelled by the BJP.
“Media has widely covered arbitrary and baseless allegations by BJP against our funding. We are filing criminal defamation against BJP.
“I have been challenging BJP and Congress to disclose their list of donors (the way we do). Would media give similar coverage to us? For the first time, a political party (is) trying transparent funding n disclosing its list of donors.
BJP trying to terrorise our donors. Fair?” the AAP chief posted on Twitter.
AAP had organised lunch for traders, with an entry fee of Rs 20,000. The party collected a whopping sum of Rs 50 lakh.
In a similar event held in Mumbai last Thursday, the party had fetched Rs 91 lakh, taking the total to Rs 1.41 crore in just two such events.
Accusing AAP of diverting funds from NGOs of its leaders, Delhi BJP had yesterday called for a probe into such events.

India joins hands with US for agri  food sec...You are here: Home > Collections > India
India joins hands with the US for agriculture, food security
PTI Dec 2, 2014, 02.28PM IST
Tags:
India
(India has entered into an…)
NEW DELHI: India has entered into an agreement with the United States for cooperation in the field of agriculture and food security, Lok Sabha was informed today.
Minister of State for Agriculture Sanjeev Kumar Balyan said the scope of areas of cooperation included in the MoU were science, technology, education, weather forecasting technology for crop management and market information.
Farm-market linkages and private investment in agriculture, food security cooperation and nutrition are other areas where India and the US will cooperate with each other as per the Memorandum of Understanding signed in 2010, Balyan said during Question Hour.
He said India has entered into 77 MoUs or agreements with 63 countries in the field of agriculture.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DoT plans to auction 3G spectrum in February...You are here: Home > Collections > Mhz
Trai told to speed up price advice; Government wants to auction 3G airwaves along with 2G in February
ET Bureau Dec 3, 2014, 01.56AM IST
Tags:
3G
(Telecom cos as well as the…)
NEW DELHI: The government is keen to auction 3G airwaves along with 2G in February and has therefore, asked the sector regulator to speed up its base price suggestions, the telecom watchdog said on Tuesday, comments which would come as a relief to operators seeking a simultaneous sale of spectrum across technologies.
"DoT requested Trai to expedite the process for its recommendations on the reserve price of 2100 MHz (3G) band and related issues so that the auction of spectrum in this band could be conducted along with the auction of spectrum in the 800/900/1800 MHz (2G) bands scheduled in February 2015," the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) said, as part of a consultation paper on pricing of the 3G airwaves, issued on Tuesday.
It added that due to the urgency, it sought comments from stakeholders by December 15 and counter comments by December 19, stressing that no extensions will be given. An open house discussion on the subject will be held on December 22.
The paper further said that the telecom department (DoT) is in talks with the defence ministry for the vacation of bandwidth which can be put up for commercial use, and total 3G airwaves available for sale will depend on the outcome of the talks.
DoT has put up three scenarios for Trai to arrive at the starting price of 3G spectrum. One, no auction if no spectrum is released by defence; two, if defence releases 5 MHz in 17 circles, then one block of 5 MHz spectrum — which could accommodate one telecom operator — will be available for auction in those services areas; and three, if defence swaps 3G spectrum it holds with 2G (1900 MHz) that DoT holds, then DoT may release 15 MHz — which could accommodate three more operators — on a pan-India basis.
ET had reported that the telecom and defence ministries have made a partial breakthrough in their talks, with the latter agreeing to free up 5 MHz of the high-speed bandwidth for commercial use in 17 out of India's 22 telecom circles. However, there's still no breakthrough in DoT's swap negotiations.
The DoT hasn't officially commented on these developments.
A section of the DoT, however, is not in favour of auctioning just the 5 MHz freed-up 3G airwaves along with the 2G bandwidth in February, citing paucity of time. A DoT official also added that such a move — to auction 5 MHz in February and the rest of the 3G bandwidth later by May — could hurt the potential revenue that the government could raise from the auctions.
The next round of spectrum auction is tentatively scheduled for February 2015 and the government expects to generate at least Rs 9,355 crore from sale of 2G bandwidth, and at least Rs 5,000 crore from 3G airwaves.
Telecom companies as well as the regulator have been of the view that the auction should take place only when adequate spectrum is made available, and the bidding should be held simultaneously for both the services — 2G and 3G. But according to draft documents outlining the department's tentative auction timeline, 3G and 4G auctions are slated to be held by May, a few months after the 2G sale.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Aviva  Friends Life agree terms of $8.8 bill...You are here: Home > Collections > Pence
Aviva agrees to terms of $8.8 billion Friends takeover
Reuters Dec 2, 2014, 02.40PM IST
Tags:
Andy Briggs
(Aviva said the merged company…)
LONDON: British insurer Aviva agreed to terms on Tuesday for a 5.6 billion pound ($8.8 billion) all-share takeover of rival Friends Life, responding to pressures caused by pension industry reform.
Pension providers are rushing to revise their product ranges after the government in March surprisingly removed obligations for people to buy an annuity, or income for life, at retirement, hurting sales.
Aviva said the merger creates a market leader with 16 million life insurance customers. It is expected to generate 600 million pounds in excess cash flow a year and about 225 million pounds in annual cost savings by the end of 2017.
Andy Briggs , current group chief executive of Friends Life, will become CEO of Aviva UK Life, with Mark Wilson continuing as CEO of the enlarged Aviva Group .
Briggs told reporters that the two businesses worked well together. Friends Life's corporate pension business is skewed to larger firms, while Aviva focused on smaller ones, alleviating any concerns about a reduction in competition.
"There's a very good complementary fit," he said.
After the changes announced by the government in March, insurers have focused on alternative products such as pensions drawdown which allow savers more freedom over the amount of money they withdraw each year, or "bulk annuites" - taking on the risk of company defined benefit pension schemes.
WILSON'S STRATEGY
Wilson said there would likely be job losses among the combined staff of more than 15,000 and savings from office moves but would not give any specific details. Analysts have speculated that Friends Life would close its London office.
The deal is a significant step for Wilson, who was hired as CEO of general and life insurer Aviva from Asian rival AIA
two years ago. He has pushed through a restructuring, selling off businesses and cutting costs.
Analysts said the cost savings from the Aviva/Friends Life combination were higher than expected but would take several years to be achieved.
The merger has the backing of Clive Cowdery , who founded Friends Life in 2008 when it was known as Resolution. Aviva is the product of a 2000 merger between CGU and Norwich Union.
Holders of Friends Life shares will receive 0.74 new Aviva shares, valuing the company at 5.6 billion pounds, unchanged from last month's initial announcement.
Aviva shares fell after last month's announcement due to uncertainties over the savings numbers.
They were up 2.7 per cent at 513 pence at 1035 GMT, while Friends Life was up 4.8 per cent at 384.1 pence. The deal values Friends Life shares at 394 pence, based on the closing price on Nov 20.
Credit Suisse analysts said they were neutral on the deal.
"While it accelerates near-term cash generation and thus dividend recovery, it raises longer-term questions about growth once initial synergies are extracted," they said.
Friends Life shareholders will also receive a second interim dividend of 24.1 pence per share. Aviva plans to pay a final dividend of 12.25 pence for 2014, up 30 per cent on last year.
Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan Cazenove and Robey Warshaw advised Aviva. Friends Life was advised by Barclays, Goldman Sachs and RBC Capital Markets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rajan to India Inc: Don t always blame RBI for your troubleDec 02, 2014, 04.45 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Rajan to India Inc: Don't always blame RBI for your trouble
It is very short sighted when people say you are not helping growth this quarter; we are not talking about quarters; we are talking about years of sustainable growth, said Rajan
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Rajan to India Inc: Don't always blame RBI for your trouble
It is very short sighted when people say you are not helping growth this quarter; we are not talking about quarters; we are talking about years of sustainable growth, said Rajan
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
RBI governor Raghuram Rajan Tuesday snubbed corporate India over their persistent grumbling that the central bank was unconcerned about growth in its fight against inflation. He also politely told them to put their house in order before claiming that RBI was to blame for the high rates of interest they were paying.
 
“I think there is a misconception in corporate India that the central bank is not concerned about growth. It is a misconception because the fundamental way to get sustainable growth is to have moderate inflation,” Rajan said in response to a reporter’s query during the post-policy media briefing.
“It is very short sighted when people say you are not helping growth this quarter; we are not talking about quarters; we are talking about years of sustainable growth," he said.
Rajan said the RBI was not against growth and was working on a framework to make sustainable growth possible.
“We are nearly there, and I would say, bear with us, and hopefully if we can reach there and stay there, we will produce many years of strong growth for corporate India,” he said.
In his usual soft spoke style, Rajan chided corporate India for being overly critical of the RBI and not giving it credit where required.
 
“If you are investing, are you bothered about interest rates for this quarter?,” Rajan asked.
“What we have done--the government and the RBI--is bringing down inflation expectations, which have been coming down in the market,” he said referring to the decline of 60-70 basis points in yields on long term bonds since July.
“That's the fall in the borrowing rate;short term rates have come down because we have managed liquidity well. Those are positives for corporate India; they should accept there has been some positive development,” Rajan said.
He indicated that the RBI was being unfairly blamed for the high rates of interest come corporate groups were having to pay.
"There is also a lot of confusion on what rates the central bank was responsible for and what rates corporate India was responsible for," he said.
“The immense risk premium that is being demanded of some corporates, because of the state of their leverage, because of the risk they have taken, or because of their inability or unwillingness to repay, should not be attributed to the RBI,” Rajan said.
“What we control is the risk free rate, what they can control is the risk premium being demanded of them. And that should be something they should work on even as we are working on trying to bring down inflation, and bringing down the risk free rate they have to pay,” he said.
(posted by Santosh Nair)

Tata Motors may test Rs 580-600: Nooresh Merani02:00 pm
Nooresh Merani, CEO at Analyse India told CNBC-TV18, "If you look at  Tata Motors technically, for the last few months it has been very stagnant. However, at current levels around closer to Rs 510-530 zones it is a good risk reward entry point. I am looking an upside towards Rs 580 to Rs 600 over the short to medium-term."
"On dips to Rs 520-530 and similarly at the same zones one can look into  Tata Motors DVR also. However, it may not be a quick rally from current levels but it is a good bet at current prices with a risk reward in favour for the investors," he added.
RELATED NEWS

ISIS Leader s Wife  Son Detained in Lebanonisis leader s wife  son detained in lebanon
BPCL  HPCL  IOC crack over 3% as govt hikes excise duty on petrol & dieselHi Guest
BPCL, HPCL, IOC crack over 3% as govt hikes excise duty on petrol & diesel
Reacting to the news, HPCL slipped as much as 4.1 per cent, followed by BPCL which slipped 3.6 per cent and IOC plunged as much as 3.2 per cent. NEW DELHI: State run oil marketing companies slipped over 3 per cent each in trade on Tuesday, after government ...

Govt plans to conduct 3G spectrum auction: reportsGovt plans to conduct 3G spectrum auction: reports
JK Polls: Over 31 per cent voting recorded till noonJK Polls: Over 31 per cent voting recorded till noon
Morgan Stanley sets Dec 2015 BSE Sensex target at 32 500Morgan Stanley sets Dec 2015 BSE Sensex target at 32 500
Tata Metaliks Ltd to shut down MBF#2 for 20 daysTata Metaliks Ltd to shut down MBF#2 for 20 days
Nomura expects 50bp rate cut in 2015Nomura expects 50bp rate cut in 2015
Gold tumbles after Swiss referendum  silver slumps to 5-yearlowGold futures fall 1.13% on weak global cues
Gold slid 2 percent on Monday and silver slumped to its lowest since 2009 after Swiss voters overwhelmingly rejected a proposal to boost central bank gold reserves, providing a new trigger for sell-offs in an already nervous market.
The “Save our Swiss gold” initiative, which would have compelled the Swiss National Bank to boost its gold reserves to 20 percent of its assets from around 8 percent currently, was rejected by 77 percent of voters.
Spot gold dropped as far as $1,142.91 an ounce, its lowest since early November when it marked a 4-1/2 year low of $1,131.85. It was down 1.3 percent at $1,151.61 by 0555 GMT.
Spot silver fell as much as 6.4 percent to $14.42 an ounce, its weakest since August 2009.
U.S. gold futures declined nearly 3 percent and silver futures tumbled 9 percent, before recovering slightly.
“A ‘no’ was expected but there was probably a risk premium factored in. That’s why we are seeing this liquidation today,” said a Sydney-based precious metals trader.     He said there were huge stop-loss orders below $15 for silver.      “The move happened in thin market conditions, even before Tokyo opened. The lack of buying interest and the stop-loss orders triggered this big move.”     Also weighing on precious metals was the weakness in oil prices, which prompted investors to believe inflationary pressures would soften.
Bullion is seen as a hedge against inflation.     U.S. crude fell to a five-year low on Monday, while Brent futures touched a four-year trough, extending a steep decline after OPEC decided not to cut production.      Strength in the dollar and equities also dulled gold’s appeal as a hedge.
Monday’s losses in gold and silver come just after the metals had recovered modestly from their drop to four-year lows a month ago.     Analysts had warned that the short-covering rally could be temporary and prices could return to lower levels before year-end.     “There is very little that has changed in the gold landscape since last month; inflation is a non-issue and looks even more remote now that energy prices are beating a hasty retreat,” INTL FC Stone analyst Edward Meir said in a note.
Holdings in SPDR Gold Trust, the world’s largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, fell 0.17 percent to 717.63 tonnes on Friday – a six-year low.      The decline in gold prices comes despite good news from the physical markets, where India, the second-biggest consumer of the metal, eased curbs on imports that have been in place for over a year. The move could potentially boost demand and imports from the country.      In top consumer China, premiums were steady at about $1-$2, reflecting strong buying interest.
TAGS: Gold Silver
More from commodities
Oil drops to near $59 for first time since 2009 Oil fell to close to $59 a barrel for the first time since May 2009 on Tuesday, extending a six-month selloff...

Terror plot to attack US consulate in Chennai codenamed wedding hallTerror plot to attack US consulate in Chennai codenamed ‘wedding hall’
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 30:  
The code name for the terror plot to attack the US consulate in Chennai was “wedding hall” which was to be executed by “cooks”, a code for terrorists who were to gain entry from Maldives into India.
Details of the failed plot were contained in the 23-page court order of Designated Special NIA Judge in Poonamallee, Chennai, in connection with the case.
Armed with the court order, the National Investigation Agency (NIA) would push its case for visiting Sri Lanka at the earliest. A proposal for the same has been lying in the Home and External Affairs Ministries for more than two months now, official sources said here.
The conspiracy allegedly by Pakistan’s ISI to carry out terror strikes in South India was exposed by Sakir Hussain, a Sri Lankan national. He has been sentenced to a five-year jail term on November 28 for being part of this conspiracy.
Hussain, who pleaded guilty to the charges slapped on him by the NIA, also spelled out the role of the then Pakistani diplomat in Sri Lanka, Amir Zubair Siddiqui, who has been since repatriated to his country.
The order listed Siddiqui as an accused in the case of waging war against India and also under various sections of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.
In his testimony, Hussain gave a detailed description of his meetings with various Pakistani officials based in Sri Lanka, as well as two “fidayeen” (suicide attackers) whom he had met in Bangkok.
According to the court order, Hussain was told by a Pakistani official, who was of a higher rank then Siddiqui, that the project to carry out the attack at the US consulate in Chennai would be codenamed as “wedding hall” and “cooks” was the code for the two terrorists who would have executed the plan.
“Spice” was the code name for the bomb devices which were to be planted at the consulate, the order said.
The sources in the probe agency said there were many loose ends in the case, which needed to be tied up urgently and a visit by an NIA team to Lanka would help the probe agency in at least filing a charge sheet against some of the Sri Lankan nationals involved in the case.
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related

Stop cow smuggling along Indo-Bangla border: Rajnath to BSFBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 1, 2014 4:33 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 3:27 pm
BSF personnel should check the smuggling of cattle, especially cows, from India-Bangladesh border and clamp it down at any cost, Home Minister Rajnath Singh said today.
“You (BSF) have to work on many frontiers. You have to strive to stop illegal infiltration from Bangladesh, deal with narcotics, fake currency notes being smuggled from this border.
“I want to tell BSF jawans and officers that you should stop the smuggling of cows (at this border) at any cost and if you are doing that already I compliment you for that,” the Home Minister said while delivering his speech during the 45th Raising Day celebrations of the force here. Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) Director General Maj GenAziz Ahmed was also among those attended the event.
Cow is revered by the Hindus and the RSS and its affiliated associations have been vocal about the illegal transport of cows and other cattle across the border for slaughtering. The 4,096km Indo-Bangla border is guarded by the Border Security Force, with BGB the counterpart on other side, and his frontier is notorious for smuggling of cattle, narcotics and fake Indian currency notes.The Home Minister also lauded the country’s largest border guarding force, which also guards the Indo-Pak border, for giving a befitting reply to Pakistan during the recent spate of ceasefire violations.
“You showed a lot of patience during these ceasefire violations despite Pakistan provoking and doing repeated violations. It is because of your hardwork that no one can cast its evil eye on India. You have a glint of patriotism onyour faces today,” he said.
The Home Minister also sounded words of caution for neighbouring countries when reporters, on the sidelines of the event, asked him about the emergence of terror groups like ISIS and similar activities on the eastern flank related to Burdwan blasts.
“A threat is threat. I think even in our neighbouring countries anywhere when these terrorist organisations raise their heads then definitely all neighbouring countries should take precautions because no one can remain untouched (by their activities),” he said after the event at a BSF camp here.
Singh added that the security mechanism of the country  has devised “plans” to stop and check such terrorist activities and these measures were also discussed during the recently held conference of the top police brass of the country in Guwahati.
He said he cannot rule out further arrests in the ISIS terror case in which one Mumbai-based youth has been arrested recently by the NIA.
Talking about the security of public rallies of BJP President Amit Shah in West Bengal, he said that it was the “responsibility of the state government to see that no
untoward incident happens” during such events.

November car sales show signs of revival for auto industryDomestic car sales for November show signs of revival for auto industry
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 1, 2014  | 19:17 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Major car makers Maruti Suzuki, Hyundai, Honda and Toyota on Monday reported good car sales for November showing signs of revival in auto industry, even as some others faced sluggish demand due to weak consumer sentiment.
General Motors, Mahindra & Mahindra (M&M) and Ford India reported a decline in November sales.
Maruti Suzuki India (MSI), the country's largest car maker, said its domestic sales in the reporting month rose by 17 per cent to 1,00,024 units in November 2014 as against 85,510 units in year-ago period.
Sales in the compact segment comprising Swift, Estilo, Ritz and Dzire rose by 13.8 per cent to 37,339 units in the reporting month as against 32,804 units in November 2013.
Sales of mid-sized sedan Ciaz, which MSI launched in October, stood at 5,232 units. The carmaker had sold 200 units of SX4 sedan in November 2013.
Sales of vans - Omni and Eeco - rose by 52.1 per cent each to 12,203 units in November of FY15 as against 8,021 units in the same year-ago period.
Rival Hyundai Motor India (HMIL) sold 35,511 units in the domestic market in November as compared to 33,501 units in November 2013, up 6 per cent.
HMIL Senior Vice President (Sales and Marketing) Rakesh Srivastava said strong investment of launching four new products in a year's time has resulted in the growth.
"Today Hyundai has one of the youngest product portfolio led by Elite i20 which has reached a landmark number of 10,500 units making it the top seller amongst strong Hyundai brands," he added.
Honda Cars India reported a 64 per cent increase in domestic car sales in the reporting month at 15,263 units as against 9,332 units in the corresponding month in FY14.
"We continue to witness strong demand for all our products across markets. We are aggressively expanding our dealer network to reach out to more customers," HCIL Senior Vice-President (Marketing & Sales) Jnaneswar Sen said.
Mahindra & Mahindra's domestic sales declined by 11 per cent, to 32,100 units, in November, as against 36,261 units a year earlier.
"The auto industry continues its sluggish demand on the back of factors such as low consumer sentiment and high interest rates," M&M Chief Executive Automotive Division and International Operations (AFS) Pravin Shah said.
The reducing international crude prices and the subsequent lowering of fuel prices should help in the revival of demand in the coming months, he added.
"We also hope that the current excise duty rates will be extended beyond end of December to get much needed recovery for the auto industry," Shah said.
Maruti, Hyundai and Mahindra had failed to register significant sales growth in October despite the festival season which had been one of the best periods for vehicle sales in the country in the past.

Foreign investors see resilient Sensex next yearForeign investors see resilient Sensex next year
KS BADRI NARAYANAN
A seamless transition, falling rates could further fire up the market, says Citigroup
Chennai/New Delhi, December 1:  
For most analysts and stock market investors, the valuation of equities market seems stretched after the recent surge in stock prices, which lifted the BSE among the top-10 global markets.
Biggies remain bullish
The S&P BSE Sensex and the NSE Nifty gained about 35 per cent this year so far. However, foreign institutional investors and investment advisory majors such as Citigroup, Morgan Stanley, CLSA and UBS do not seem so.
So far in 2014, FIIs have pumped in almost $16 billion. Most of them expect at least a 15 per cent rise in benchmark indices.
Citigroup on Monday raised the December 2015 Sensex target to 33,000 and that of Nifty to 9,850.
According to the global financial services firm, a seamless transition, falling rates to a rising economy/earnings could fire the market more. More likely, a post-rate and pre-economic deliverance stall.
Rate cuts to fuel stocks
Citigroup said stock markets generally see the best gains during the time leading to rate cuts and during the early stage of policy rate cuts. Since the rate engine is expected to “fire” now and in early 2015, the market sentiments look bullish.
According to Morgan Stanley, which sees S&P BSE’s Sensex at 32,500 by next year-end, the bull run in equities is set to continue in 2015 on governmental reforms and benign global environment which will boost the country’s growth potential.
“Our view is the government’s reforms are on track — administrative reforms to make India a better place to do business, tax reforms to kick start growth, fiscal consolidation to stem inflation, realignment of subsidies to make the economy more productive and a big boost to infra spend to lift growth. If these reforms progress well, we see upside risk to earnings estimates,” it said.
‘India, by far the best’
The chief strategist for CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets Christopher Wood, whose weekly Greed & Fear column is widely followed, in an interview with Barrons.com, said: “India is by far the best story in Asian emerging stock markets and globally.
“The great thing about India: It’s got nothing to do with funny money; it’s got nothing to do with China. In my long-only Asian portfolio, I have more than 40 per cent in India. Frankly, I could easily have the whole of my Asian portfolio in India.”
Global money has only just started to come back. This is the best story in Asia, and it’s the most simple story, he said in the interview and added: “Emerging-market investors are already overweight; they’d be idiots if they weren’t overweight. But in my view, they should be at least three times overweight.”
‘36,000 by March 2016’
Domestic financial institution Ambit Capital expects the S&P BSE Sensex to touch 36,000 by March 2016. “It will be a slow cyclical recovery. The Indian economy will chug along assisted by industrial recovery that will boost earnings growth,” Saurabh Mukherjea, CEO — Institutional Equities, Ambit Capital, told BusinessLine.
“This (2014-15) will be the first year of three-to-four year recovery wave. The first three years of a 10-year economic cycle is generally lucrative for the stock markets,” Mukherjea said.
UBS, which maintains 2015 year-end target of 9,600 for Nifty, is overweight on banks, oil and gas, power and underweight on IT services and consumer staples.
(This article was published on December 1, 2014)
Related

Weed out inconsistencies in umpiringUpdated: December 2, 2014 02:17 IST
Weed out inconsistencies in umpiring
Makarand Waingankar
cricket
NCA should ensure all the State umpiring and match referees’ exams are conducted by it with the BCCI norms, writes Makarand Waingankar
Speculation is rife regarding the sudden rise in intention within the Board of Control for Cricket in India to weed out bowlers with suspect action from its tournaments.
Regardless of the reasons given for this turn of seriousness regarding a long prevalent issue, it cannot be argued that those players with suspect bowling action continue to play for State teams and were included even in the recently concluded one-day tournaments.
Bowlers reported for suspect actions are instructed to rectify their actions at State academies.
However, neither the BCCI nor the State academies have the necessary tools to do so; with more than half the State associations not having an academy.
Communication gap
The reason players are allowed to slip through the cracks is the large communication gap between the BCCI Action Review Committee, the NCA, and the State associations.
Finally, we also return to a long standing issue on umpiring in Indian cricket.
The State associations one would expect to have a similar system for evaluating umpires as their parent body the BCCI has.
The State associations conduct Level-1 exams based on which recommendations are made to the BCCI which in turn conducts the Level-A exam. The two tiers are not standardised, with State associations adhering to their own whims.
Perennial problem
Added to this is the perennial problem of Indian cricket, politics. Those with connections in the State associations manage to get their names recommended for A level examinations of the BCCI and as a result deserving candidates are left behind.
It is to rectify this situation that the BCCI encouraged former first-class players to take up umpiring by exempting them from written papers, making only the practical compulsory.
The States too can invite former junior and senior players between the ages of 30 and 45 to join the system.
Having played the game at high grades they are familiar with the rules of the game and may also read the situation with respect to conditions and players’ behaviour better. Another advantage is that they may not be bullied or coerced on-field by players.
When former Mumbai player Vasu Paranjape, who is a renowned coach, was officiating in a club game, a batsman showed him the bat following an lbw shout; to which  Paranjape quipped, “next time use the bat better.”
However, when Bishan Singh Bedi appeared for the practical examination in early 1990 he was asked by the examiner, ‘If he would adjudge a batsman out in a bat-pad situation?'
 Enraged Bedi said, “All along you umpires have been giving the batsmen out bat-pad and it will continue. What answer do you expect from me.” The former India player failed.
The examiners for the practical examinations must be umpires who have been reputed first-class players.
Having experienced the situations in the middle, they are aware of the problems.
Former players’ role
The percentage of former cricketers taking up umpiring in other countries, unlike India, is quite high. Changing this trend may ensure that India may finally have another umpire in the ICC’s Elite Panel after S. Venkatraghavan.
After all regardless of the gaps in the system elsewhere if umpires are consistent and report players in every match, at every level it becomes difficult to ignore the reports. Hence it is important to weed to out inconsistencies in umpiring and raise the standard.
The reputation of Indian cricket is at stake.
The associations recommend candidates who belong to the ruling group in the associations.
This was the case in match referees’ exams held recently.
However, when international umpire Simon Taufel set the papers, those who had been match referees for a decade failed miserably.
Ideally the NCA should ensure all the State umpiring and match referees’ examinations are conducted by it with the BCCI norms so that deserving candidates are chosen.

Government announces massive cuts LPG  jet fuel pricesCooking gas to now cost Rs 113 less per cylinder
Yahoo Finance India –  Mon 1 Dec, 2014 4:34 PM IST
Print
After cutting the prices of petrol and diesel yesterday on the back of falling global crude oil prices, the government today announced a massive price cut in LPG cylinder prices.
This is the fifth straight reduction in rates of non-subsidised LPG, bringing the price down to a three-year low.
The government has also cut jet fuel (ATF) prices by 4.1 percent to Rs 59,943 per KL; this reduction follows a steep 7.3 percent cut in prices at November 1.
Fuel constitutes about 40 percent of an airlines operating cost. Will this cut in jet fuel prices mean air tickets will soon get cheaper?
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
% Chg
 
Your most recently viewed tickers will automatically show up here if you type a ticker in the "Enter symbol/company" at the bottom of this module.
You need to enable your browser cookies to view your most recent quotes.
Search for share prices
Sign-in to view quotes in your portfolios.
BUSINESS VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Asian equities trading mixedAsian resource shares helped by oil bounce; dollar capped
Reuters
Tweet
Tokyo, Dec 2:  
Asian equities were mixed on Tuesday, with a rebound in crude oil and other commodity prices favouring the stock markets of resource-exporting countries, while the likes of Tokyo’s Nikkei struggled.
Crude oil held on to its gains after rebounding sharply overnight from five-year lows. The bounce in commodities was also a good omen for commodity currencies such as the Canadian and Australian dollars, and also helped gold to bounce back.
Buoyed by a relief rally in resource firms, Australian shares rose 1.3 per cent. Similarly, Indonesian stocks gained 0.4 per cent and Singaporean shares rose 0.9 per cent.
“We’re one of only a few markets in positive territory today and it really reflects that high presence of resources stocks," said CMC Markets chief market strategist Michael McCarthy, referring to the rise in Australian shares.
Asia-Pacific shares
Reflecting mixed fortunes within the region, MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was up a modest 0.1 per cent.
The region’s decliners included Tokyo’s Nikkei which shed 0.1 per cent as the yen’s losing streak came to a halt, and South Korea’s Kospi, which lost 0.5 per cent on global growth concerns.
Japan’s debt rating
Japanese equities and government bonds mostly shrugged off a downgrade of Japan’s sovereign debt rating by Moody’s on Monday.
The rating agency downgraded Japan by one notch to A1 from Aa3, citing rising uncertainty over the country’s ability to hit its debt-reduction goal. The downgrade came just after Japanese premier Shinzo Abe opted to postpone an increase in sales tax intended to tackle Japan’s debt burden.
“It can be said that the sales tax delay had gained the support of the international community as it was meant to help the economy amid a slowdown, and the downgrade is unlikely to change such views,’’ said Masafumi Yamamoto, a market strategist at Praevidentia Strategy in Tokyo.
“As for Japanese government bonds (JGBs), which are more directly impacted by downgrades, any effect is likely to be temporary thanks to the Bank of Japan’s quantitative easing. Past downgrades have also had little impact on JGBs,’’ he said.
JGB 10-year futures were down 0.15 point at 146.75 but still within striking distance of a record high 146.96 hit on Monday.
Dollar vs yen
The dollar was steady at 118.450 yen. In turbulent trade immediately after Moody’s downgrade of Japan the greenback jumped to a seven-year high of 119.15 but its gains were pared as the rebound in oil prices lifted commodity currencies against the greenback.
The Canadian dollar rose to C$1.1327 per US dollar from a one-month low of C$1.1459 and the Aussie fetched $0.8483, pulling away from a 4-1/2 year low of $0.8417.
Crude oil, gold
US crude oil was down 0.7 percent at $68.50 a barrel, after posting a 4 percent rise overnight from a five-year low of $63.72 as bearish positions were squeezed.
Gold, beaten down after Switzerland on Sunday voted against a proposal to boost gold reserves, also held on to the bulk of its gains after rebounding sharply on spill-over support from the bounce in oil.
Spot gold was down 0.4 per cent at $1,205.00 an ounce after gaining 3.7 per cent the previous day.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Rajan Leaves Repo Rate on Hold  May Cut Early Next YearYou are here: Home Economy
RBI Opens Door For Rate Cut Early Next Year
Reuters | Updated On: December 02, 2014 15:56 (IST)
BofA-ML Sees 0.25% Rate Cut in February on Easing Inflation
Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) held interest rates steady as widely expected at a policy review on Tuesday, and said it could ease monetary policy early next year provided inflationary pressures do not reappear and the government controls the fiscal deficit.
Uneasy over India's weak recovery from its slowest phase of growth since the 1980s, the six-month-old government had been seen as favouring an early reduction in rates, but RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said containing inflation was a prerequisite.
"What again and again we have seen in India, and outside India also, is that the way to sustainable growth is to have moderate inflation," Rajan told a news conference. (Read: What Raghuram Rajan Said at RBI Policy's Meet Today )
Forty-one of 45 economists polled by Reuters had forecast that the RBI would keep the repo rate at 8.00 per cent, while four had expected a reduction of 25 basis points.
The RBI's next policy review is in early February, and most analysts had expected the central bank would either cut interest rates then or wait until April.
"A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature," the RBI said in its statement.
"However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle." (Read: RBI Chief Says Don't Intend to Flip-Flop on Policy )
India's benchmark 10-year bond yield fell 5 basis points on the day to 8.01 percent as investors cheered the central bank's more dovish stance.
Economy needs more than rate cut
In its statement, the RBI spoke of the need to revive capital investment, and called on the government, which will announce its budget in February, to "stay on course" to meet fiscal deficit targets. Those targets have been jeopardised by weak tax revenue growth and the slow pace in selling off stakes in state-run companies to raise funds.
Data released on Friday showed economic growth slipped to 5.3 per cent year-on-year in the July-September quarter, down from 5.7 per cent in the previous quarter. India needs far faster growth to create jobs for all the young people joining its workforce in coming years.
"Things will not pick up just because of rate cuts," said J. Venkatesan, an equity fund manager for Sundaram Asset Management in Chennai. "A strong reforms push is needed to revive economic growth. That is where the cycle had got stuck."
Helped by tumbling oil prices, India's annual consumer price inflation (CPI) slowed to 5.52 percent in October, sharply down from a peak of 11.16 per cent struck in November last year, but the RBI warned that it expected inflation to rise in December as a favourable base effect wanes.
The RBI has targeted CPI at 6 per cent for January 2016, and the central bank said risks to the target "appear evenly balanced under the current policy stance."
Dr Rajan said if that target was achieved the RBI would then aim for a longer term inflation target of 4 percent.
While there were few expectations that the RBI would cut interest rates this time, officials had told Reuters last week that Finance Minister Arun Jaitley would press Rajan for a reduction when they held a customary meeting before the policy review - though there was no confirmation that meetng took place.
The central bank is not statutorily independent from the finance ministry, but it enjoys broad autonomy in setting monetary policy, though there are plans to amend the RBI Act and incorporate a monetary policy committee that gives voting rights to officials both within and outside the central bank.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: December 02, 2014 15:56 (IST)

RBI Governor says govt will review gold impo...RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan says government will review gold import norms
Reuters Dec 2, 2014, 12.31PM IST
Tags:
fiscal policy
(RBI Governor said the decision…)
MUMBAI: Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan said the decision to scrap a rule mandating traders to export 20 percent of all gold imported into the country was a "reasonable" one and the government will review its gold import policies.
The RBI held interest rates steady as widely expected at its policy review today, but said it could cut interest rates by early next year depending on whether inflation eases further and on fiscal developments.
"The government decided that it was probably best at this point to scrap the rule and it has been scrapped," Rajan said during a media interaction post policy.
"Of course, there are now further requests to change the duty structure that the government will review in its own good time and decide ... I think the decision is reasonable and let us see how it plays out," he said.
The governor also clarified that the central bank's forward positions in foreign currency is "one reason" for conducting open market bond sales.
The central bank added a net $1.79 billion of up to one-year forwards in October, lower than the $2.6 billion added in the previous month, according to Reuters calculations based on data from the central bank's website.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government Will Review Gold Import Norms: RBI ChiefBofA-ML Sees 0.25% Rate Cut in February on Easing Inflation
Mumbai: Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan said the decision to scrap a rule mandating traders to export 20 per cent of all gold imported into the country was a "reasonable" one and the government will review its gold import policies.
The RBI held interest rates steady as widely expected at its policy review on Tuesday, but said it could cut interest rates by early next year depending on whether inflation eases further and on fiscal developments.
"The government decided that it was probably best at this point to scrap the rule and it has been scrapped," Rajan said during a media interaction post policy.
"Of course, there are now further requests to change the duty structure that the government will review in its own good time and decide ... I think the decision is reasonable and let us see how it plays out," he said.
The governor also clarified that the central bank's forward positions in foreign currency is "one reason" for conducting open market bond sales.
The central bank added a net $1.79 billion of up to one-year forwards in October, lower than the $2.6 billion added in the previous month, according to Reuters calculations based on data from the central bank's website.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Select PSU Banks Gain on Likely Bond Profits Post RBIYou are here: Home Market
Select PSU Banks Gain on Likely Bond Profits Post RBI
Reuters | Updated On: December 02, 2014 12:55 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Shares in state-controlled banks with higher available-for-sale bonds gained on Tuesday after RBI announced its decision to hold interest rates steady.
Punjab National Bank was up 3 per cent, while Allahabad Bank gained 2.6 per cent. Indian Overseas Bank was up 0.8 per cent, Bank of India rose 1 per cent and Canara Bank was up 0.7 per cent
Falling bond yields may lead to treasury gains on bond portfolios, traders said.
State-run banks are the biggest buyers of government debt in markets, so higher bond prices can boost their earnings.
The benchmark 10-year bond yield was at 8.01 per cent at 0641 GMT, after earlier rising to as much as 8.11 per cent.
The Reserve Bank of India held interest rates steady, but said it could cut interest rates by early next year.
The 10-year bond yield has fallen 75 bps in 2014 so far, as of Monday's close.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

BSE Sensex falls after RBI keeps policy rate unchangedHindalco Industries shares plunge on special court's orders
After falling over 173 points in the early trade, the BSE Sensex today moved briefly into the positive terrain even as the RBI kept the key interest rate unchanged, but was again trading lower at noon.
The Sensex, which shed 173.16 points in early trade, bounced back to trade 16.77 points, or 0.05 per cent, higher at 28,576.39 at 1130 hours after the Reserve Bank announced its fifth bi-monthly policy review.
The gains in capital goods, metal, power, healthcare and banking stocks, had helped the key indices to trade in positive zone for a while.
However, the Sensex was trading in the red again at 28,411.62, 148 points or 0.52 per cent at noon.
Similarly, the wide-based National Stock Exchange index Nifty was trading at 8,518.20, down 0.44 per cent.
Brokers said the RBI decision to keep key interest rate unchanged was largely in line with investor expectations but its hint about lowering it early next year had improved the sentiment to some extent.
RBI left the short-term lending rate or repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent, and the cash reserve ratio static at 4 per cent. The statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) has also been retained at 22 per cent.
RBI also retained the growth projection for the current fiscal at 5.5 per cent.
 
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty Reserve Bank Of India
More from indianmarkets
Stocks tumble, Rupee at 13-month low as crude crashes BSE Sensex today recorded its worst single day fall of 538.12 points in 16 months to end day's trade below 27,000...

Sensex also maintains a status quo post policy; top 10 stocks to bet onAdani Enterprises Ltd
(Possibility of a rate cut…)
NEW DELHI: In line with estimates, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kept the repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent in its monetary policy review on Tuesday, for the fifth time in a row.
However, a possibility of a rate cut early next year becomes much more visible now, which led to a smart recovery in rate sensitive stocks, which were trading with losses ahead of the policy meet.
"A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature," Rajan said in the statement accompanying the announcement.
"However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle," he said.
RBI Governor Rajan has been under pressure from various quarters for a reduction in rates -- since prices are sliding fast amid uncertain growth indicators -- to boost growth and kick start the lagging investment cycle in Asia's third largest economy.
But economists are of the view that the fall could be temporary, given the base effect and that there are chances of a sharp jump in the CPI reading early next year, said an ET report.
Some analysts are of the view that the rate cut is on its way and cyclical sectors are likely to get benefitted the most once that happens.
"My guess is that both the bond market and the equity market will converge in terms of the fact that a rate cut is on its way, the inflation is easing off and hopefully the rate cuts will happen sooner rather than later in 2015," says Nilesh Shah , MD & CEO, Axis Capital.
Avinnash Gorakssakar, Head of Research, Miintdirect.com, is of the view that banks should definitely be a part of investors' core portfolio, because inflation levels have come down and crude prices have come down. So hopefully post the budget and clearly in the January to March period once the rate cut cycle happens, you will see significantly re-rating on the PSU large cap banks, he says.
"We could see some re-rating in SBI and Bank of Baroda , and I would say that these are stocks which still trade at significant discounts to private sector banks. So any dip in the market prices should be an opportunity," explains Gorakssakar.
We have collated a list of ten rate sensitive stocks from various analysts or brokerage firms for a period of next 6-12 months:
Kotak Mahindra Bank: JPMorgan maintains 'overweight' with a target of Rs 1375
The global investment bank has retained 'overweight' on Kotak Mahindra Bank . ING Vysya Bank's acquisition is accretive for it. The acquisition also addresses key concerns, such as its narrow customer base and the need for promoter dilution.
Analyst: Vivek Gupta, CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited
Canara Bank: Target price set at Rs 560
The stock is trading near the resistance mark of Rs 422 from the last few weeks and it is sustaining above its 50 and 200 DMA with the RSI of 56. The stock is likely to continue its recovery trend above the resistance level of Rs 422. One can expect the targets of Rs 557-560 with a stop loss of Rs 287.
Syndicate Bank: Target price set at Rs 180
The stock has shown correction from the higher levels and now it is accumulating below the resistance level of 134. The stock is trading above its 200 and 50 DMA with the RSI of 53. Therefore in near term buying opportunities can be seen in the stock with the crossing of the resistance level. One can expect targets of 170-180 in the stock with a stop loss of 99.
Tata Motors DVR: Target price set at Rs 440
It is in a bullish trend and has started showing recovery after the recent corrective movement from the higher levels. It is sustaining above its 50 and 200 DMA with the RSI of 61. It is likely to continue its northwards journey if it manages to sustain above the level of 279. One can expect the targets of 430-440 in the stock with a stop loss of 279.
UCO Bank: Target price set at Rs 98
For long term, UCO Bank is looking bullish on charts. Its technicals are indicating a strong bullish move in near team. The stock has well tested its falling trendline and is sustaining above its 200 & 50 days moving average. Traders can go for buying in this stock if the level of Rs 90.25 is crossed for targets of Rs 98 and above with a strict stop loss at Rs 86.
IDFC: Target price set at Rs 215
The stock is trading in a range and is sustaining above its 200 and 50 DMA with RSI of 62. If the stock breaks the range at the level of 167 and manages to sustain above the level of 122, the stock is likely to show a rally and may test the level of 212-215.
Analyst: Gaurav S. Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst at Sharekhan
Adani Enterprises Ltd: Target price set at Rs 520

Markets pricing in early 2015 rate cut; rally is onMarkets start pricing in early 2015 rate cut; rally to continue
Reuters Dec 2, 2014, 03.52PM IST
Tags:
Bank of India
(markets initially extended…)
MUMBAI: India's debt and swap markets rallied on Tuesday as the central bank reinforced expectations of an interest rate cut early next year.
The Reserve Bank of India held interest rates steady at a policy review earlier in the day, as widely expected, but said it could ease monetary policy by early 2015 depending on whether inflation cools further and on government efforts to shore up the country's finances.
Indian markets initially extended losses in a knee-jerk reaction to the unchanged policy rates, but soon recovered as traders bet on monetary easing at the RBI's next review in February.
The benchmark 10-year bond yield which rose 3 basis points (bps) in the immediate aftermath of the policy review, fell 6 bps on the day to 8 per cent, its lowest level since July 22, 2013.
Traders said they expect the debt and swap market rally to continue in the near-term, though the pace of the rally may slow until there is more clarity on the timing of the rate move.
"The bond market is running ahead, but there's more conviction about policy easing by February," said A. Prasanna, economist with ICICI Securities Primary Dealership in Mumbai.
Banking stocks also rallied on rate cut bets while state-run banks gained on hopes for large treasury gains due to the fall in bond yields.
The NSE Bank index briefly turned positive after dropping as much as 0.5 per cent earlier.
In the overnight indexed swap market, both the benchmark 5-year swap rate and the 1-year swap rate fell 13 bps each to 7.06 per cent and 7.67 per cent, respectively.
The two rates had ended at 7.16 per cent and 7.75 per cent, respectively, on Monday.
"OIS is pricing in cuts, but that doesn't mean we can't go any lower as everything depends on how fast the RBI cuts which in turn depends on how inflation pans out. I wouldn't pay rates here but bonds definitely offer value," said Kumar Rachapudi, a fixed income strategist with ANZ Bank in Singapore .
"The 10-year bond yield can move to 7.50 per cent once the RBI starts cutting".
FEATURED ARTICLES

The Nifty call: Go short with stop-loss at 8 590Tweet
December 2, 2014:  
Nifty December Futures (8,565) The Nifty futures contract is trading on a weak note. The contract is also very volatile today. It dipped to a low of 8,540 after opening at 8,583.95 and then recovered immediately to record a high of 8,601.75. Although there is intraday support for the contract at 8,535, the inability to breach the psychological 8,600 level is a negative, which could keep it under pressure. This also makes it vulnerable to break below support at 8,535 and decline to 8,500 in the coming sessions.
Traders can go short with a stop-loss at 8,590 for the target of 8,525. Intra-day rallies to 8,580, if seen, can be used for accumulating short positions.
Strategy: Go short with a stop-loss at 8,590
Supports: 8,535, 8,500
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Top ten rate sensitive stocks to buy post RBI review for 6-12 monthsAdani Enterprises Ltd
(Possibility of a rate cut…)
NEW DELHI: In line with estimates, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kept the repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent in its monetary policy review on Tuesday, for the fifth time in a row.
However, a possibility of a rate cut early next year becomes much more visible now, which led to a smart recovery in rate sensitive stocks, which were trading with losses ahead of the policy meet.
"A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature," Rajan said in the statement accompanying the announcement.
"However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle," he said.
RBI Governor Rajan has been under pressure from various quarters for a reduction in rates -- since prices are sliding fast amid uncertain growth indicators -- to boost growth and kick start the lagging investment cycle in Asia's third largest economy.
But economists are of the view that the fall could be temporary, given the base effect and that there are chances of a sharp jump in the CPI reading early next year, said an ET report.
Some analysts are of the view that the rate cut is on its way and cyclical sectors are likely to get benefitted the most once that happens.
"My guess is that both the bond market and the equity market will converge in terms of the fact that a rate cut is on its way, the inflation is easing off and hopefully the rate cuts will happen sooner rather than later in 2015," says Nilesh Shah , MD & CEO, Axis Capital.
Avinnash Gorakssakar, Head of Research, Miintdirect.com, is of the view that banks should definitely be a part of investors' core portfolio, because inflation levels have come down and crude prices have come down. So hopefully post the budget and clearly in the January to March period once the rate cut cycle happens, you will see significantly re-rating on the PSU large cap banks, he says.
"We could see some re-rating in SBI and Bank of Baroda , and I would say that these are stocks which still trade at significant discounts to private sector banks. So any dip in the market prices should be an opportunity," explains Gorakssakar.
We have collated a list of ten rate sensitive stocks from various analysts or brokerage firms for a period of next 6-12 months:
Kotak Mahindra Bank: JPMorgan maintains 'overweight' with a target of Rs 1375
The global investment bank has retained 'overweight' on Kotak Mahindra Bank . ING Vysya Bank's acquisition is accretive for it. The acquisition also addresses key concerns, such as its narrow customer base and the need for promoter dilution.
Analyst: Vivek Gupta, CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited
Canara Bank: Target price set at Rs 560
The stock is trading near the resistance mark of Rs 422 from the last few weeks and it is sustaining above its 50 and 200 DMA with the RSI of 56. The stock is likely to continue its recovery trend above the resistance level of Rs 422. One can expect the targets of Rs 557-560 with a stop loss of Rs 287.
Syndicate Bank: Target price set at Rs 180
The stock has shown correction from the higher levels and now it is accumulating below the resistance level of 134. The stock is trading above its 200 and 50 DMA with the RSI of 53. Therefore in near term buying opportunities can be seen in the stock with the crossing of the resistance level. One can expect targets of 170-180 in the stock with a stop loss of 99.
Tata Motors DVR: Target price set at Rs 440
It is in a bullish trend and has started showing recovery after the recent corrective movement from the higher levels. It is sustaining above its 50 and 200 DMA with the RSI of 61. It is likely to continue its northwards journey if it manages to sustain above the level of 279. One can expect the targets of 430-440 in the stock with a stop loss of 279.
UCO Bank: Target price set at Rs 98
For long term, UCO Bank is looking bullish on charts. Its technicals are indicating a strong bullish move in near team. The stock has well tested its falling trendline and is sustaining above its 200 & 50 days moving average. Traders can go for buying in this stock if the level of Rs 90.25 is crossed for targets of Rs 98 and above with a strict stop loss at Rs 86.
IDFC: Target price set at Rs 215
The stock is trading in a range and is sustaining above its 200 and 50 DMA with RSI of 62. If the stock breaks the range at the level of 167 and manages to sustain above the level of 122, the stock is likely to show a rally and may test the level of 212-215.
Analyst: Gaurav S. Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst at Sharekhan
Adani Enterprises Ltd: Target price set at Rs 520

US team meets Andhra Pradesh CMUS team meets Andhra Pradesh CM
V Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Dec 2:  
A delegation from the US State Department met the Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister, N Chandrababu Naidu, today at the Secretariat and expressed interest on initiatives of mutual interest.
The delegation consisted of Assistant Secretary of State for Political-Military Affairs Puneet Talwar, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for South Asia Atul Keshap, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Bureau of Political-Military Affairs Kenneth Handelman, Consul General Micheal Mullins and others.
US Consulate in Vijayawada
According to a statement from the Chief Minister’s Office, during the meeting, the Chief Minister asked the officials to set up a US Consulate in Vijayawada.
“Most of the people flying to the US from the State hail from this region. Hence, it would be beneficial if you set up an office there,” he added.
Branch office
The US officials said that they would consider the possibility of setting up a branch office in Vijayawada. The officials also evinced interest in investing in India’s defence technologies.
Welcoming them to invest in AP, the Chief Minister explained that his focus is on manufacturing and service sector. “We want to focus on automobiles, electronics, agro-processing, petrochemicals and other areas too apart from IT,” he added.
He said that Andhra Pradesh has the potential to become the logistics hub for South East Asia where companies can manufacture goods and export to other countries through AP ports.
Capital city
On capital city, the Chief Minister informed them that Singapore is preparing the master plan for the capital city and that the work will start in another 2-3 months.
“Singapore Second Minister (Trade and Industry) S. Iswaran will be visiting us this month. So, we will begin the work in another 2-3 months,” the Chief Minister said.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Homeland chief defends Obamas actions on immigration  facescriticismBy: Associated Press | Washington |
Posted: December 2, 2014 2:42 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 3:26 pm
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh (jay) Johnson is defending President Barack Obama’s executive actions on immigration. Meanwhile Republican lawmakers are struggling to find the best way to stop them.
Johnson is appearing before the House Homeland Security Committee on Tuesday. It’s the Obama administration’s first testimony on the issue since the president announced plans two weeks ago to shield some 4 million immigrants here illegally from deportation.
In written testimony Johnson calls the moves “simple common sense.”
But Republicans have vowed to stop Obama and as they returned to Congress from a Thanksgiving holiday break they were meeting to decide how.
Conservatives circulated draft legislation that would block any money from being used to fund Obama’s actions. Others warned that including this in must-pass spending measures would court a government shutdown.

Excise duty on petrol  diesel raised; to have no impact on retail pricesYou are here: Home > Collections
Excise duty on petrol, diesel raised; to have no impact on retail prices
ET Bureau Dec 3, 2014, 01.14AM IST
Tags:
Crude oil
(Consumers have already…)
NEW DELHI: The government has raised the excise duty on petrol byRs 2.25 per litre and diesel by Rs 1 per litre without raising retail prices, the second such move in three weeks that will split the benefit of the steep fall in crude oil prices between consumers and the exchequer.
Consumers have already gained with a 11% fall in petrol prices and 8% cut in diesel in recent months as crude oil entered a bear market and plunged about 37% since June.
For the government, it means additional revenue of Rs 10,000 crore in the current fiscal year, which will help meet India's fiscal deficit target of 4.1% of gross domestic product. This includes Rs 4,000 crore from Tuesday's tax increase and balance from higher tax of Rs 1.50 per litre on both the fuels announced last month.
The steep fall in oil prices is a blessing for the Narendra Modi government as analysts say that meeting the country's fiscal deficit target would be a challenge because it had touched 89.6% of fullyear estimate in only seven months of the fiscal.
The government's finances have been stretched because of subdued tax revenue and delayed disinvestment. Tax revenue was only 37.7% of the budget target at the end of last month because of weak indirect tax collections.
The government could raise excise duties on transport fuel without raising prices because petrol and diesel were being sold at a price higher than the market rate despite the December 1 decision to slash pump prices of petrol by 91 paise a litre and diesel by 84 paise per litre.
Pump dealers said retail price reductions were not commensurate with falling international crude oil prices despite seven consecutive price cut in petrol since August and three in diesel rates.
Although global crude oil prices fell by about 40% since June this year, but refiners have slashed market-priced LPG rates by 17%, aviation turbine fuel (ATF) 14%, petrol by 11% and diesel by 8%, dealers said.
Brent crude fell to $72 per barrel from $115 in June this year. Oil industry executives say that the international price of refined products often takes time to adjust to the fall in crude oil prices.
A senior industry executive said state oil companies are taking hit and not raising petrol and diesel prices despite the excise duty hike.
Falling international oil prices have also helped the government in substantially reducing state oil firms' estimated revenue losses to about Rs 80,000 crore in the current financial year compared to Rs 1,39,869 crore actually incurred in 2013-14 for selling diesel, kerosene and cooking gas below market rate.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apple Inc heads to trial over digital music ...You are here: Home > Collections > Ipod
Apple Inc heads to trial over digital music claims
Reuters Dec 2, 2014, 02.26PM IST
Tags:
Apple Inc
(The case headed to trial…)
OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA: Apple Inc will defend against allegations that it abused a monopoly position in the digital music player market as it heads to trial in a case that could cost the company about $1 billion if it loses.
Opening statements are scheduled to begin on Tuesday in an Oakland, California, federal court in the long-running class action, brought by a group of individuals and businesses who purchased iPods between 2006 and 2009. They say a 2006 iTunes update dictated that iTunes music could only be played on iPods, unfairly blocking competing device makers.
Plaintiffs are seeking about $350 million in damages, which would be automatically tripled under antitrust laws. Apple says the software update contained genuine product improvements, and thus should not be found anticompetitive.
The case is one of a handful of antitrust lawsuits Apple has defended over the past year. A New York federal judge found Apple liable last year over allegations it colluded with publishers to drive up e-book prices. Apple is appealing that ruling.
Apple was also one of several tech companies that agreed to settle claims that they colluded to hold down salaries by agreeing not to poach tech workers from competitors. A US judge rejected that $324.5 million settlement as too small, though Apple has asked an appeals court to reinstate it.
The case headed to trial on Tuesday harks back to Apple's pre-iPhone era, when the iPod was its flagship mobile device. Several emails from Apple co-founder Steve Jobs are expected to be entered into evidence, along with short deposition excerpts of Jobs videotaped before he died.
Apple executives including software chief Eddy Cue and marketing senior vice president Philip Schiller are also expected to testify.
Apple faced a challenge in the online music market from Real Networks, which developed RealPlayer, its own digital song manager, plaintiffs claim. It included software which allowed music purchased there playable on iPods.
In 2006, Apple introduced a software update that barred RealPlayer music from the iPod. Plaintiffs claim that discouraged iPod owners from buying a competing device when it came time to upgrade.
Apple, meanwhile, argues in filings that RealPlayer had less than 3 percent of the online music market in 2006, making it "implausible" that its iTunes update would have had such a huge impact on iPod owners' buying decisions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bhopal gas tragedy: 30 years onbhopal gas tragedy: 30 years on
Sensex  Nifty Lower Amid Choppy TradeYou are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty Choppy After RBI Keeps Rates Steady
NDTV | Updated On: December 02, 2014 14:04 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
BSE Sensex and Nifty came under renewed selling pressure in afternoon trade. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) held interest rates steady as widely expected at its policy review on Tuesday, but said it could cut interest rates by early next year depending on whether inflation eases further and on fiscal developments.
"A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature," the RBI said in its statement.
Markets recovered after falling briefly as sentiment improved on hopes that RBI would cut interest rates early next year.
The RBI kept interest rates unchanged at 8.0 per cent on Tuesday as widely expected, staying focused on containing inflation while adopting a more dovish tone in response to the government's call for help to revive economic growth.
Traders said a rate cut in early 2015 was more or less certain now unless global commodity prices moved adversely.
At 1:55 pm, Sensex was down 104 points to 28,454 while Nifty fell 35 points to 8,521. Selling pressure was seen in rate sensitive banking, real estate and auto stocks.
Among major Nifty losers, DLF, M&M, HDFC and IndusInd Bank fell between 1.5 per cent and 2 per cent.  PSU oil marketing companies IOC, HPCL and BPCL fell 2-3 per cent after the government hiked excise duty on petrol and diesel.
The excise duty on petrol was hiked by Rs 2.25/litre and diesel by Rs 1/litre, a move that could bring in additional Rs 4,000 crore for the government.
(With Agency Inputs)

Need to rein in inflation for sustainable growth  Rajan tells corporatesNeed to rein in inflation for sustainable growth, Rajan tells corporates
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 2:  
Terming the belief in corporate India that the Reserve Bank of India is not concerned about growth as a “misconception,” Governor Raghuram Rajan came down heavily on them and suggested that the corporates should instead manage their risk profiles better.
The RBI Governor said, “I think it is very short-sighted when people comment that you are not helping growth this quarter. We are not talking about quarters, we are talking about years of sustainable growth. In order to get that, you have to fight inflation, beat it, and then you can get the sustainable growth. I think that is a message that needs to seep through.”
Rajan said corporate India should not blame the RBI for the higher borrowing costs in the market.
“The immense risk premium that is being demanded of some corporates because of the state of their leverage, the risks they have taken, and their unwillingness or their inability to repay should not be attributed to the RBI,” Rajan added.
He pointed out that in any case, the transmission of the policy happens with a lag of three-four quarters.
“If you are investing, are you bothered about interest rates this quarter?” he asked.
He added that by bringing down expectations of inflation, the bond yields have come down by 60-70 basis points since July. “That is a fall in borrowing rates. Short-term rates have come down. These are the positives for corporate India,” he said.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Only 48% of adults have access to bank a/c: ...Bangladesh
(Moreover, the gender gap…)
NEW DELHI: Only 48 per cent of Indian adults have bank accounts and nearly half of them lie dormant, says a report.
According to a nation-wide survey on financial behaviour, India has the highest account dormancy rate even more than countries like Kenya, Tanzania , Uganda, Nigeria, Pakistan and Bangladesh .
The survey compiled by the Financial Inclusion Insights programme, operated by global strategic research consultancy InterMedia and supported by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, noted the majority of Indians borrow money from family and friends and not from financial institutions.
"While 48 per cent of Indian adults have access to a bank account, the highest rate of the seven countries, 47 per cent of Indian accounts lie dormant," the survey said, adding that fewer than a quarter of account users use advance banking services, while only 0.3 per cent use mobile money services.
India has the lowest proportion of adults who are aware of or have ever used mobile money, it said.
Moreover, the gender gap in the use of bank services is also substantial in India (17 per cent). The widest relative gender gap is in Pakistan.
"This study challenges the notion that financial inclusion is merely a matter of opening bank accounts," Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Director, India Country Office Girindre Beeharry said.
Beeharry further said that the findings will hopefully mobilise further innovation in the sector and promote the potential of digital technology in ensuring that all Indians have an access to financial services.
"We hope that the information contained in this study will enable policy makers, regulators and bankers to identify priorities to improve financial inclusion, design initiatives to push the inclusion agenda, and most importantly, measure the progress made," InterMedia's Research Manager for India Gayatri Murthy said.
The survey is based on interviews with 45,024 Indians aged 15 years and above and evaluates access and use of formal financial services , mobile devices, mobile money services, as well as barriers and potential for future use.
The Centre has already launched a financial inclusion scheme "Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana" under which bank accounts will be opened for 15 crore people with an overdraft facility of Rs 5,000 and accident insurance of Rs 1 lakh.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Dalmia Bharat Sugar commences crushing operation in all sugar units at Uttar PradeshDec 02, 2014, 02.59 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Dalmia Bharat Sugar commences crushing operation in all sugar units at Uttar Pradesh
With reference to the earlier letter dated August 12, 2014, Dalmia Bharat Sugar and Industries Ltd has now informed BSE that the Company has commenced the crushing operation in all its sugar units situated in the State of Uttar Pradesh.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dalmia Bharat Sugar commences crushing operation in all sugar units at Uttar Pradesh
With reference to the earlier letter dated August 12, 2014, Dalmia Bharat Sugar and Industries Ltd has now informed BSE that the Company has commenced the crushing operation in all its sugar units situated in the State of Uttar Pradesh.
Post your opinion here
 
With reference to the earlier letter dated August 12, 2014, Dalmia Bharat Sugar and Industries Ltd has now informed BSE that the Company has commenced the crushing operation in all its sugar units situated in the State of Uttar Pradesh.Source : BSE

ISIS Leader s Wife  Child Detained in Lebanonisis leader s wife  child detained in lebanon
India inks deal with US for agriculture  food securityIndia inks deal with US for agriculture  food security
Godrej Locking to double its market share in BahrainGodrej Locking to double its market share in Bahrain
Gold records this year s biggest single-day gain of Rs 840 this yearHi Guest
Gold records this year's biggest single-day gain of Rs 840
Following gold, silver ready spurted by Rs 2,700 to Rs 37,000 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 2,420 to Rs 36,340 per kg. Posting this year's biggest single-day rise of Rs 840, gold on Tuesday regained the Rs 27,000 per ten gram level after a gap of over one month in the national capital, tracking rebounds in global markets. In addition, pick-up in domestic demand from jewellers and retailers for the wedding season also buoyed sentiment. Losing Rs 730 in last six sessions after the ...

Maoist attack on CRPF jawans a cowardly act: RSSMaoist attack on CRPF jawans a cowardly act: RSS
LAVA launches Windows based smartphone for Rs.4 999LAVA launches Windows based smartphone for Rs.4 999
NBCC up 6% on road construction order in Arunachal PradeshNBCC up 6% on road construction order in Arunachal Pradesh
Benchmark 10-year bond yield at 16-1/2 month low post RBI policyBenchmark 10-year bond yield at 16-1/2 month low post RBI policy
Voting begins amidst tight security for second phase of J and K Assembly pollsVoting begins amidst tight security for second phase of J and K Assembly polls
Force Motors: Updates on production  sells data of Nov 2014Dec 02, 2014, 03.20 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Force Motors: Updates on production, sells data of Nov 2014
Force Motors Ltd has informed BSE regarding the information in respect of production, sale and export of the products manufactured by the Company during the month of November 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Force Motors: Updates on production, sells data of Nov 2014
Force Motors Ltd has informed BSE regarding the information in respect of production, sale and export of the products manufactured by the Company during the month of November 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Force Motors Ltd has informed BSE regarding the information in respect of production, sale and export of the products manufactured by the Company during the month of November 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Hong Kong protesters revitalise flagging movement  clash with police; 40 arrestedPrint
Police officers throw a pro-democracy protester on the main road outside government headquarters in Hong Kong Sunday, Nov. 30, 2014. Hundreds of pro-democracy protesters faced off with Hong Kong police late Sunday, stepping up their movement for genuine democratic reforms after being camped out on the city's streets for more than two months. (Source: AP Photo/Kin Cheung)
By: Associated Press | Hong Kong |
Posted: December 1, 2014 10:45 am | Updated: December 1, 2014 12:27 pm
Pro-democracy protesters clashed with police Monday as they tried to surround Hong Kong government headquarters in an attempt to revitalize their flagging movement for democratic reforms after camping out on the city’s streets for more than two months.
Repeating scenes that have become familiar since the movement began in late September, protesters carrying umbrellas — which have become symbols of the pro-democracy movement — battled police armed with pepper spray, batons and riot shields.
After student leaders told a big crowd rallying Sunday evening at the main protest site outside government headquarters that they would escalate their campaign, hundreds of protesters pushed past police lines on the other side of the complex from the protest site. They blocked traffic on a main road, but were stopped by police barricades from going down a side road to Chief Executive Leung Chun-Ying’s office.
Pro-democracy protesters run away from police on the main road outside the government headquarters in Hong Kong Sunday, Nov.30, 2014. Hundreds of pro-democracy protesters faced off with Hong Kong police late Sunday, stepping up their movement for genuine democratic reforms after being camped out on the city’s streets for more than two months. (AP Photo/Kin Cheung)
The protesters, many wearing surgical masks, hard hats and safety goggles and chanting, “I want true democracy,” said they wanted to occupy the road to prevent Leung and other government officials from getting to work in the morning.
At one point, police charged the crowd, aggressively pushing demonstrators back with pepper spray and batons, after some protesters started pelting them with water bottles and other objects. Police later fell back, letting demonstrators re-occupy the road. At dawn, police charged again and cleared the protesters from some areas around the government headquarters.
Police Senior Superintendent Tsui Wai-hung said 40 protesters had been arrested, adding that authorities would not let the road, a major thoroughfare, remain blocked.
“We will open up continued…

Turnaround in India gold rules unlikely to mean import surge:TradeGold futures fall 1.13% on weak global cues
An unexpected move by India’s central bank to ease curbs on overseas purchases instead of tightening them indicates the government is more relaxed about the trade deficit, though trade sources said it does not mean there will be a jump in imports.
The world’s second-biggest bullion buyer scrapped a rule on Friday mandating traders to export 20 percent of all gold imported into the country after weeks of speculation that it would tighten the rule.
Struggling with a high trade deficit, India last year imposed a record 10 percent import duty on gold and the so-called 80-20 rule to limit purchases. Bullion is the second-biggest item on India’s import bill after oil.
However, lower oil prices may mean the government is more comfortable about the trade deficit and softening restrictions on gold, analysts said. Oil prices are at five-year lows.
“At the moment clearly the government’s working assumption seems to be that lower crude oil and softer gold prices should keep the current account deficit in acceptable limits, even with some increase in the volume of gold imports,” ANZ analysts said in a note.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi also indicated in his election campaign that he wasn’t in favour of hurting the jewellery industry through controls on gold imports, they said.
Bullion dealers in India had stocked up in recent weeks, expecting further tightening of the 80-20 rule, which was put in place last year to control an influx of gold.
“There is still a lot of confusion. A lot of that has to do with the fact it has been such a repressive environment over the last year that people second guess everything,” said Sunil Kashyap, managing director at bullion bank ScotiaMocatta in Hong Kong.
“I think the immediate reaction will be that imports will stop for the time being. Imports in the first couple of weeks may be curtailed because of discounts and stock liquidation,” he said, adding that the market was currently oversupplied.
Indian prices fell to a small discount on Friday after the central bank announcement, compared to a premium of $10 earlier in the week, traders said. They recovered later to a small premium.
“There will not be a surge in imports,” said Bachhraj Bamalwa, director at the All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation.
“Stockpiles from imports in the last two months foreseeing further restrictions are still lying with bullion dealers and at customs,” he said, adding that the inventory should be enough to meet demand in December.
A trader in Mumbai said he would wait for local premiums to spike before importing in big quantities as that would guarantee better incentives.
Despite weaker imports, consumer demand could remain strong, according to retailers.
“Expectations that gold prices may further drop from the current prices, may attract more buying for the ongoing wedding season,” said Rahul Gupta, director of P.P. Jewellers in New Delhi.
Gold was trading close to a 4-1/2-year low on Monday.
TAGS: Gold Import
More from commodities
Oil drops to near $59 for first time since 2009 Oil fell to close to $59 a barrel for the first time since May 2009 on Tuesday, extending a six-month selloff...

Nagaland CM appeals to PM for early resolution to state s political problemBy: PTI | Kohima |
Posted: December 1, 2014 5:21 pm
Nagaland Chief Minister T R Zeliang on Monday appealed to Prime Minister Narendra Modi for an early resolution by the Centre to the six-decade-old Naga political issue.
“Our crying need is the peaceful resolution to the vexed Naga political issue, which has become the uppermost agenda of not only the state government, but also the mass based organizations, NGOs, civil societies, business organizations along with the rest of the people of the state,” the CM said in his address during the 10-day-long Hornbill Festival ofNagaland, which was inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Kisama, about 12 km from the state capital.
“It is only under your (Modi) leadership that our most cherished dream will become a reality,” he said, adding that the people of Nagaland want peace and want to grow to be a self-reliant state on equal terms with the other advanced states of the country.
He also assured the Prime Minister that the state government and the people of Nagaland will stand by him, as he sets goals for the country’s future and as he steers the country to its rightful place in the comity of nations.The Nagaland Chief Minister said that even after 50 years of statehood, the true potential of the state was yet to be fully harnessed and the advantages that the state has, such as the rich cultural heritage, its natural beauty and abundant natural resources, and its strategic location are yet to be truly exploited to the state’s advantage.
Towards the end, he said the state has many needs and many areas where “we require active handholding from the Government of India”. “We expect and hope that this visit of yours (PM) may become a boon for the people of Nagaland,” he said.

October Infrastructure Output Growth Accelerates to 6.3%You are here: Home Economy
October Infrastructure Output Growth Accelerates to 6.3 Per Cent
Reuters | Updated On: December 01, 2014 17:36 (IST)
New Delhi: India's annual infrastructure output growth accelerated to 6.3 per cent in October, driven by a pickup in coal and electricity generation, government data showed on Monday, indicating an improvement in economic activity.
Output expanded 1.9 per cent year-on-year in September.
The infrastructure sector, which comprises coal, crude oil, oil refining, natural gas, steel, cement, electricity and fertilisers, accounts for 37.9 per cent of the country's industrial output.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Behind Amit Shahs silence is MamataUpdated: December 1, 2014 18:27 IST
Behind Amit Shah’s silence is Mamata
PTI
BJP president Amit Shah addresses a rally in Kolkata on Sunday. Photo: PTI
TOPICS
politics
"Let me stop for a while. Let it (the muezzin's call for azan) be completed. We don't want to give Mamata Banerjee an excuse against us."
BJP president Amit Shah stopped midway in his speech while addressing a rally here on Sunday as the muezzin's call for prayers was sounded from a mosque close by and said he didn't want to give West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee an excuse against him.
"Let me stop for a while. Let it (the muezzin's call for azan) be completed. We don't want to give Mamata Banerjee an excuse against us," Mr. Shah said midway of his 30-minute speech as the azan (prayers) started.
When some BJP supporters started shouting slogans while the azan was going on, the party president raised his hands and asked them to remain silent, reiterating, "We should not give any excuse to Mamata 'didi."
Mr. Shah's jibe at Ms. Banerjee came in the wake of the uncertainty about conducting BJP rally at the city's Esplanade area with the state administration and civic authorities initially denying permission and BJP knocking the doors of the High Court.

RBI expected to hold rates  sound dovish to soothe governmentDec 02, 2014 at 10:31am IST
RBI expected to hold rates, sound dovish to soothe government
24
0
Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India is expected to keep interest rates unchanged on Tuesday, staying focused on containing inflation, while adopting a more dovish tone in response to the government's call for help to revive economic growth.
Forty-one of 45 economists saw the RBI keeping the repo rate at 8.00 per cent at its policy review, while four expected a reduction of 25 basis points.
Most think the RBI will wait until February or April to ease rates, despite sharply lower inflation.
Forty-one of 45 economists saw the RBI keeping the repo rate at 8.00 per cent at its policy review, while four expected a reduction of 25 basis points.
#rbi #reserve bank of india #interest rate #repo rate
Limp economic growth during Prime Minister Narendra Modi's first six months in power, however, has caused unease in government quarters, raising some calls for an early reduction.
Officials told Reuters last week that Finance Minister Arun Jaitley would press RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan for a cut in rates when they held a customary meeting before the central bank's policy review. There was no official confirmation whether that meeting had taken place.
Data released on Friday may have helped Rajan ward off pressure for a rate cut, as a slowdown in economic growth was not as bad as earlier feared.
"A rate cut now would be premature and inconsistent with Rajan's earlier comments," said A Prasanna, economist at ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Ltd.
"If they were to cut rates now, RBI would risk inflation surprising down the line and the associated loss of credibility."
Helped by tumbling oil prices, India's annual consumer price inflation slowed to 5.52 per cent in October, sharply down from a peak of 11.16 per cent struck in November 2013.
Rajan has said that he will not hold rates for longer than needed. But analysts say that the central bank governor remains wary of factors outside his control, like volatile oil prices, even with the inflation rate running below the RBI's target of 6 per cent inflation by January 2016.
India is struggling to emerge from its slowest phase of economic growth since the 1980s. Friday's data showed year-on-year growth slipped to 5.3 percent in the July-September quarter, down from 5.7 per cent in the previous quarter.
India needs far faster growth to create jobs for all the young people joining its workforce in coming years.
While holding the tiller steady, Rajan will have to strike a balance to avoid alienating senior government figures, as there is a discussion expected before the budget announcement in February to agree on a new monetary policy framework.
The government is also expected to amend the RBI Act to incorporate a monetary policy committee that gives voting rights to officials both within and outside the central bank.
2

Sun Pharma Advanced Research Surges; USFDA Seeks More InformationYou are here: Home Market
Sun Pharma Advanced Research Surges; USFDA Seeks More Information
Reuters | Updated On: December 02, 2014 12:13 (IST)
Shares in Sun Pharma Advanced Research Company surged nearly 13 per cent on Tuesday heading towards its biggest daily gain since April.
The company has got a complete response letter from US drug regulator for anti-Glaucoma drug application.
Glaucoma products sales in US was at $2 billion, company said in an investor update in February.
The company said additional information request from the US Food and Drug Administration can be addressed on priority.
A complete response letter informs companies that an application cannot be approved by USFDA in its present form.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Maruti Suzuki  Tata Motors November Sales Go Up; Mahindra LagsYou are here: Home Corporates
Maruti Suzuki, Tata Motors November Sales Go Up; Mahindra Lags
NDTV | Updated On: December 02, 2014 15:29 (IST)
Court Refuses to Let Off Hindalco in Coal Block Case
Auto majors Maruti Suzuki India and Tata Motors posted year-on-year growth in sales for the month of November, with the country's largest carmaker reporting an over 19 per cent jump in total sales. Mahindra and Mahindra, on the other hand, posted de-growth during the period citing sluggish demand led by weak consumer sentiment and high interest rates.
Maruti Suzuki India registered a 19.5 per cent rise in total sales at 1,10,147 units. Of which, 1,00,024 units were sold domestically - a growth of 16.9 per cent against November 2013 numbers.
In the passenger vehicle segment, Maruti Suzuki reported sales of 82,306 units, indicating a 14.6 per cent increase from the 71,649 units sold in the year-ago period.
Tata Motors, which posted a marginal 2.1 per cent year-on-year growth in total sales, sold 10,286 units in the passenger vehicle segment during the period - a 30 per cent upsurge from 71,679 units sold in the same month last year.
Mahindra and Mahindra, however, registered total sales of 34,292 units during the month, as against 39,254 units in the corresponding period last year - a decline of 12.6 per cent. Domestically, the carmaker sold 32,100 units, down 11.5 per cent compared with 36,261 units last year. In the passenger vehicles segment, the auto maker reported a 17.9 fall in sales.
"The reducing international crude prices and the subsequent lowering of fuel prices should help in revival of demand in the coming months," said Pravin Shah, chief executive of the automotive division and international operations (AFS) at M&M.
Among players in the commercial vehicles segment, Hinduja Group flagship company Ashok Leyland registered a nearly 44 per cent y-o-y increase in total sales in November 2014, whereas Mahindra registered a drop of over 33 per cent in total tractor sales at 15,333 units.
Two wheelers
Royal Enfield saw a 52 per cent jump in total sales last month. In the domestic market also, the motorcycle manufacturer posted a similar 53 per cent growth in sales at 27,198 units.
TVS Motor Company said sales of its two weelers were at 2,10,979 units, up 35.6 per cent compared with 1,55,604 units in the year-ago period.
Hero MotoCorp, the country's biggest maker of two wheelers, notified a 3.2 per cent increase in total sales at 5,47,413 units.
On the other hand, Bajaj Auto reported a 6 per cent year-on-year decline in motorcycle sales at 2,61,948 units last month.
Here's a comparison of monthly sales figures from major auto makers:
Company

RBI keeps interest rates unchanged at 8.0 per cent  mantains focus on containing inflationDec 02, 2014 at  03:45pm IST
RBI keeps interest rates unchanged at 8.0 per cent, mantains focus on containing inflation
13
0
Mumbai: As expected, the Reserve Bank of India has kept the interest rates unchanged at 8.0 per cent on Tuesday, staying focused on containing inflation while adopting a more dovish tone in response to the government's call for help to revive economic growth.
RBI said that on the basis of an assessment of the current and evolving macroeconomic situation, it has decided to keep the policy repo rate under the liquidity adjustment facility (LAF) unchanged at 8.0 per cent.
The cash reserve ratio (CRR) of scheduled banks have also been kept unchanged at 4.0 per cent of net demand and time liabilities (NDTL). The RBI will continue to provide liquidity under overnight repos at 0.25 per cent of bank-wise NDTL at the LAF repo rate and liquidity under 7-day and 14-day term repos of up to 0.75 per cent of NDTL of the banking system through auctions
#rbi #credit policy review #interest rate #liquidity
The daily one-day term repos and reverse repos to smooth liquidity will also continue. Consequently, the reverse repo rate under the LAF will remain unchanged at 7.0 per cent, and the marginal standing facility (MSF) rate and the Bank Rate at 9.0 per cent, the report said.
3

M&M stock falls on weak November salesM&M stock closes 2.36% lower on weak November sales
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 16:43 IST
The M&M stock fell on Tuesday after the firm reported 13 per cent fall in its November sales.
The stock closed 2.36 per cent lower to Rs 1,265 on the BSE. The Sensex closed 115 points lower at 28,444 points.
The firm's total sales stood at 34,292 units in November. M&M had sold 39,254 units in the Nov 2013, the company said in a statement.

Guj Pipavav up 2% on tarriff hike  brokers rate outperformDec 02, 2014, 01.34 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Guj Pipavav up 2% on tarriff hike, brokers rate outperform
GPPV announced a tariff hike in container cargo related charges effective January 1, 2015. It has increased terminal handling charges for rail and road containers by 15 percent and 6 percent, respectively.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Guj Pipavav up 2% on tarriff hike, brokers rate outperform
GPPV announced a tariff hike in container cargo related charges effective January 1, 2015. It has increased terminal handling charges for rail and road containers by 15 percent and 6 percent, respectively.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Gujarat Pipavav Port (GPPV) gained more than 2 percent intraday Tuesday after brokerage houses rated outperform on the stock as the company raised tariff rates.
GPPV announced a tariff hike in container cargo related charges effective January 1, 2015. It has increased terminal handling charges for rail and road containers by 15 percent and 6 percent, respectively.
Macquarie estimates average realisation growth of 6 percent for CY15 versus 3 percent earlier and raised CY15/16 earnings by 4 percent/5 percent on account of higher realisation due to the increased tariff.
The brokerage maintains outperform rating with an increased target price of Rs 202 (from Rs 185) on account of higher earnings and roll forward to June-16 numbers (from March-16).
Railway haulage charges have increased by around 25 percent with effect from December 5. Macquarie believes there will be a shift in container volume mix in favour of roads. However, this will not impact realisation for GPPV as container terminal handling charges for railways and road containers are the same (EXIM volume would remain the same), says the brokerage.
According to the brokerage, the higher railway haulage charges (around 25 percent) would increase realisation for PRCL (Pipavav Railway Corporation is the 50:50 joint venture company of Indian Railways and the Gujarat Pipavav Port).
GPPV's capacity expansion is on track. Its current capacity utilization is 85 percent and by CY15 end it should be running at full utilization, says Macquarie adding container capacity will be expanded to 1.35 million TEUs from 0.85 million TEUs currently.
Credit Suisse initiated coverage on GPPV with an outperform rating and a target price of Rs 215. The brokerage believes strong volume growth would continue, based on sectoral growth, growth contributed by spillover from JNPT and the upcoming capacity which will likely increase attractiveness.
According to the report, the port has advantages of proximity to northern hinterland, good road and rail connectivity and strong support from the parent company, APM Terminals.
At 13:22 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 169.10, up Rs 3.35, or 2.02 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Modi government a government of U-turns  says Kamal NathHockey India suspends playing ties with Pakistan
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Sajjad Lone fooling J&K voters: NC leaderHockey India suspends playing ties with Pakistan
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

IIT Kharagpur student gets Rs 1.5 crore pay packageDec 02, 2014 at 01:47pm IST
IIT Kharagpur student gets Rs 1.5 crore pay package
74
0
Kolkata: In one of the fattest pay package offered to an IITian ever in campus placements, a student of Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur has been offered an annual salary of over Rs 1.5 crore.
IIT Kharagpur officials said the salary package was among the 163 offers made by 27 visiting companies on Monday on the first day of campus placements.
The highest domestic package was of Rs 42 lakh and highest offer from abroad was of USD 250,000 (Rs 1.54 crore), the officials said.
IIT sources claimed that the Rs 1.54 crore offer is the highest ever package received by the Kharagpur unit and among the largest ever in all IITs.
#iit #iit kharagpur #pay package #campus placement
IIT authorities have refused to disclose details about the student or the company which made the offer, saying "this brings unnecessary attention to the student".
IIT sources claimed that the Rs 1.54 crore offer is the highest ever package received by the Kharagpur unit and among the largest ever in all IITs.
The highest number of offers (24) was made by niche analytics consulting company EXL Service Pvt Ltd due to growth induced demand, followed by international brands like Visa, Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse, Cisco, Microsoft IDC.
Analytics, IT and Finance are leading so far. The first time visitors - Parthenon, TSMC , BMGI, VISA, Baker Hughes, and Auctus Advisors - gave an encouraging response and offered large number of positions to IIT Kharagpur talents.
Professor Sudhirkumar Barai, Chairman of Career Development Center, IIT-Kharagpur, said from this year onwards special emphasis will be given to boost the confidence of the graduating students with the help of corporate workshops, case study contests, alumni mentorship session, assessment tests and soft skill training.
"The preparation has shown an impressive success in terms of day one placement this year at IIT Kharagpur. Further, there has been renewed realisation in Indian industry for highly qualified engineering professionals in Quality Engineering, Product Design and Manufacturing. IIT Kharagpur has been quick to identify this need and accordingly have initiated a programme in this field," Barai said.
The total offers received so far stands at 251, which includes 88 pre-placement offers.
2846

30 years of Bhopal gas tragedy: Gas Devi and Zahar Lal still question us  seek justice32
0
The gory night of December 2-3, 1984 still haunt the memories of a poor inhabitant of Oriya Basti, a slum area unfortunate to have been very close to infamous Union Carbide plant in Bhopal. Although 30 years have passed but it seems as if it was just yesterday that the mayhem broke, when she gasped for oxygen, coughed incessantly, her eyes burning as if she had been attacked with pepper spray. Her old shriveled skin stretches when she relives the trauma of that night as she and her spouse joined thousands of other people trying to escape the deadly Methyl Iso-Cyanate (MIC) leaking from the Union Carbide plant. Even as the entire city was trying to escape, several of them were unlucky and were swallowed by the jaws of death.
There are numerous tales of unfathomable sufferings. Paan Bai cites the case of her newborn brought to life before time because of what happened on the intervening night of December 2 and 3, 1984. The baby was named Zahar Lal by hospital staff to keep records of new-born babies. Amidst heaps of dead bodies in the hospital, the baby was unaware that his name is also the tale of that black night.
Similarly resounding is the name of another baby girl, born to Nirmati Devi. The baby was named Gas Devi (Goddess of Gas) probably because she survived the fatal and chaotic night of December 2, 1984, while death danced on Bhopal's streets.
Although 30 years have passed but it seems as if it was just yesterday that the mayhem broke.
#bhopal gas tragedy #bhopal #warrem amderson #union carbide
What is ironical is that both Paan Bai and Nirmati share one more thing in common. They do not share and celebrate the birthdays and names of their son and daughter respectively.
Zahar Lal and Gas Devi turn 30 this year which also marks the 30th anniversary of the world's worst industrial disaster. Did anything change for them during a long span of 30 years?
Nothing! In essence just the years have passed. Amidst diplomatically correct statements and convincing seasoned assurances of justice, the tragic tale of betrayal continues.
Zahar Lal and Gas Devi's patience awaiting justice have been tested for long. The souls of thousands who died on the mournful night and nearly 5.74 lakh victims who are still suffering the aftermath of leakage of the lethal MIC from the killer tank No 610 of Union Carbide factory at Kali Parade Ground of Old Bhopal city are still awaiting justice.
Are we now habituated to mourn just another December 2 which marks the anniversary of Bhopal gas tragedy?
What about the tragedy that befell Gas Devi, Zahar Lal and lakhs of survivors? It speaks volumes about our system's determination and loud slogans of justice to let off Warren Anderson, the prime accused of mass homicide and the chief of erstwhile Union Carbide who is no more. Anderson died in USA at the age of 93 as an absconder without going behind bars even for a day, defying Indian law and courts who summoned him numerous times. He was probably sure that he shall live his whole life at ease because he was far more abreast of the obduracy of our machinery and coldness of systems than the citizens of this country. The Republic of India had failed to extradite the prime accused of the world's worst man-made disaster from USA.
The Bhopal gas tragedy was never on the agenda of Indo-US talks during 10 year UPA regime. Is this an opportunity for Prime Minister Narendra Modi to bring this matter of shameful corporate negligence on the country's agenda at a time when US President Barack Obama is visiting India on the Republic Day in January 2015.
At least, in the case of Warren Anderson, the US emerged as a safe haven to dodge culpable homicide charges in India, according to Amnesty International.
The agency has also raised the issue that Union Carbide has also been declared as an absconder and the foreign company's disregard for Indian judicial system is outrageous.
A humble Zahar Lal and a sober Gas Devi cannot be very vocal to describe this in words but justice to them is only possible when the Bhopal gas tragedy is taken up as a serious case when Narendra Modi meets Barack Obama.
Some may dub it as an attempt to take up an old and forgotten issue. However, the question is who is accountable for making Bhopal a gas chamber. After the tragedy, the Government of India appointed itself as the sole legal representative of gas victims. As the legal guardian, has the Indian government succeeded to ensure justice to Bhopal gas survivors?
Neither Gas Devi & Zahar Lal nor any of the survivors would be in a position to give the answer in affirmative. The 30-year-old question has not yet been answered as to who gave a safe passage to Warren Anderson who left Bhopal on bail to US to never come back.
The then prime minister Rajiv Gandhi, the then chief minister of Madhya Pradesh Arjun Singh and Warren Anderson himself are now not in this world to solve the mystery.  The secret of Anderson's arrest and immediate release would remain a secret forever!
As the sole custodian of the interests of Indian citizen, it is the responsibility of the Government of India to bring to book the perpetrators of Bhopal gas tragedy.
The permission to Union Carbide Corporation Limited to set up the pesticide plant at Bhopal was given by the Government of India. So why was the safety mechanism at the Union Carbide Plant not able to deal with the catastrophe of that magnitude?
Subsequently, the Union Carbide was taken over by Dow Chemical in 2001. Was it merely a deal involving assets? Who would pay for liability?
This is now a high time for the new Indian regime to find answers to all these serious issues since Union Carbide was not the last global giant to set up its unit in India. Several others are in the queue to join the Make in India campaign.
Leave aside Gas Devi and Zehar Lal, even three decades after the tragedy according to the Chingari Trust of Gas Victims the third generation of children in gas affected areas are still being born with congenital disorders. For these families the tragic tale continues but they wonder why the studies taken up by Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) have not reached to any conclusion to the benefit of patients.
Have we learnt a lesson?
Just three days before the 30th anniversary of Bhopal gas tragedy, some chlorine gas leaked from a chemical factory in Madideep area near Bhopal, creating health complications for nearly 40 people. The place is barely 25 kms away from the closed Union Carbide plant. The leakage has again exposed the lackadaisical attitude of the government towards safety of innocent citizen from hazardous chemical set ups.
As the dreadful saga may become a cliché for some, it would continue to haunt victim like Shamshad Begum in the worst affected JP Nagar area in front of Union Carbide plant.
Shamshad lost her 6-year-old son Raja and mother-in-law on that black night and subsequently her husband a few years later. The ageing Shamshad has got the compensation but who would be there to support her when she would not be able to work.
Can compensation bring the life of Raja back? Are we really sensitive and value the life of our citizens or are these just meant for drawing room debates and discussions?
What mask do we wear when we still profess optimism & positivity after 30 years to Gas Devi, Zahar Lal, Shamshad Begum and thousands of the victims?
240

Snapdeal appoints Chadha as VP for mkt devel...You are here: Home > Collections
Snapdeal appoints Vishal Chadha as vice president for market development
ET Bureau Dec 2, 2014, 02.40PM IST
Tags:
advisor
(He will lead the company’s…)
NEW DELHI: E-commerce major Snapdeal.com has appointed Vishal Chadha as vice president of market development . He will lead the company's business development and seller marketing efforts with the goal of bringing a million small and medium businesses to the platform.
"We are very excited to have Vishal join the Snapdeal family. Vishal comes with a rich experience in leadership roles across industries and I am sure his vast experience will add tremendous value and further fuel our vision of getting a million businesses online," said Rohit Bansal, co-founder of Snapdeal.com.
An IIM alumnus, Chadha has 18 years' experience in verticals such as strategy, sales retail and marketing. Prior to joining Snapdeal, he worked as advisor with Samsung India mobile & IT business.
"E-commerce is one of the fastest growing sectors in the country today and Snapdeal has been extremely successful in revolutionising online shopping in India," Chadha said. "This is a great opportunity and I look forward to be a part of this company and contribute to Snapdeal's vision of creating life-changing experiences for buyers and sellers."
Chadha has also held key positions at Nokia UK , where he was global director heading multi-brand retail marketing. At Nokia India, he headed sales for their multimedia business group and retail and customer marketing. He's also held the position of sales head, western India, at Britannia.
FEATURED ARTICLES

A.R. Antulay passes awayUpdated: December 2, 2014 12:32 IST
A.R. Antulay passes away
death
Former Chief Minister of Maharashtra and a veteran Congressman, Abdul Rahman Antulay, widely known as A. R. Antulay, passed away on Tuesday morning. He was 85. He also served as the Union Minister for Minority Affairs in the UPA-I government.
The funeral will take place at his native Ambet village in the state’s Raigad district on Wednesday, said news agency PTI.
Mr. Antulay was admitted to Mumbai’s Breach Candy hospital last month for a severe kidney ailment. According to his relatives, Mr. Antulay was a heart patient and had also undergone bypass surgery in the past. Mr. Antulay was a barrister from Lincoln’s Inn, London.
Mr. Antulay was the first and only Muslim Chief Minister of Maharashtra during the years 1980 to 1982. However he had to resign from his post following allegations of corruption. He was convicted in an extrotion case by the Bombay High Court.
Later, he worked as party MLA and MP, representing the Congress in Raigad district. He fought his last election in 2009, which he lost to the Shiv Sena, after which he was out of the active politics.
After the terror attacks on Mumbai in 2008, Mr. Antulay had raised a controversy by alleging the hand of Hindu fundamentalist groups in the attacks.
Recently controversy surrounded him after he staged a rebellion against the Congress in the 2014 Lok Sabha election and extended support to the candidate of the Peasants and Workers Party (PWP). His decision came against the party’s move to give the Raigad constituency to the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP). He had said that he was hurt since the party didn’t even consult with him before taking the decision.

Kingfisher fashion week to be held in HyderabadKingfisher fashion week to be held in Hyderabad
V Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Dec 2:  
The fourth edition of Kingfisher Ultra Hyderabad International Fashion Week will be held here during December 19 to 21. The event seeks to enthral people with a blend of traditional and contemporary ensembles.
The event brought together with Storm Fashion Company will be a three-day glamour affair designed exclusively by India’s leading fashion designers.
Gurpreet Singh, Assistant Vice-President, Marketing, United Breweries Ltd, said, “Hyderabad has an enduring association with fashion and we are delighted to cement our fashion and good times connect with the city. Kingfisher Ultra as a brand strives to give its consumers the ultra-fashion experience with the fashion week.”
Actress Tanvi Vyas and Simran Kaur Mundi raised the curtains to the fashion show. They said that this was an opportunity to showcase their collections in the city of the Nawabs. The event would bring together 12 lead designers and more than 40-45 models.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Govt hikes excise duty on petrol by Rs 2.25/ltr  diesel Rs1/ltrBy: PTI | New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 3:04 pm
Government today raised excise duty on petrol and diesel by Rs 2.25 and Rs 1 a litre respectively, but consumers will be spared of price hike.
The move, which comes amid declining prices of crude oil in the international market, will boost government revenue and help it contain the fiscal deficit.
The revised excise duty on petrol and diesel came into affect from Tuesday, official sources said.
The move will have no impact on retail prices of petrol and diesel, they said.
This is the second hike in excise duty in three weeks. On November 12 the government had raised the excise duty by Rs 1.50 per litre on both petrol and diesel but that did not have any impact on the retail prices.
In view of the declining prices of crude, oil marketing companies had on Monday cut petrol price by 91 paise a litre, the seventh reduction since August, and diesel by 84 paise per litre, the third straight cut.
The hike in excise duty is expected to yield an additional Rs 4,000 core in the remaining part of the current fiscal. The addition from the earlier increase is expected to be Rs 6,000 crore.
The international crude oil price of Indian Basket as computed by Petroleum Planning and Analysis Cell (PPAC) was USD 67.72 (Rs 4,208.12) per barrel (bbl) yesterday, down from USD 70.29 per bbl on November 28.
The hike in excise duty will help government mop taxes as it was facing challenges on the indirect tax front on account of slowdown in economic activities.

A R Antulay: A tough administrator and decisionmakerWritten by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |
Posted: December 2, 2014 3:03 pm
Abdul Rehman Antulay (85) was the first chief minister who had to battle a prolonged court case following the infamous cement scandal that lead to his exit from the most coveted post and also marked the decline of his political career in Maharashtra.
Antulay, who became the first Muslim chief minister of Maharashtra, ruled between June 9, 1980 and January 12, 1982. But in the short time span, he left a mark as a decision maker whom bureaucrats feared and process of decision making was immediately delivered. Antulay held complete control in Mantralaya.
Antulay, who was known for his outspoken nature, was a loyal Congress leader. He was handpicked by Indira Gandhi to lead Maharashtra, but got embroiled into a controversy. The Bombay High Court ruled that he had illegally acquired Mumbai area builders to make donations to Indira Gandhi Pratishthan trust, one of several trust funds he had established and controlled in exchange for receiving more cement than the quota allocated to them by the government.
Antulay fought the legal battle for over a decade, even took up the matter to Supreme Court. And after a prolonged legal battle, he was let out following lack of evidence to find him guilty. But by then, his political career in Maharashtra almost came to an end. And he had shifted to Delhi as a Lok Sabha member.
Antulay was born in a village Ambet, in Raigad district in Konkan region of Maharashtra. His struggle to stage a comeback continued and he was the Congress’ minorities face in Maharashtra.
In the 14th Lok Sabha, he was inducted in the Union Cabinet as the Minister for Minorities Affairs. Antulay, who represented the Raigad Lok Sabha constituency as a Congress MP, was defeated by Shiv Sena’s Ananth Gite.
An extremely jovial but blunt speaker, Antulay completed his graduation at Bombay University. He studied Barrister-At-Law at Lincoln’s Inn, London. He was married to Nargis and has a son and a daughter. His son Mushtaq is also a Congress leader.
In 1962, Antulay stepped into electoral politics as a member of the state legislative assembly. He served in the assembly as an MLA contesting successive elections between 1962 and 1976.
He was the minister of state for law and judiciary, ports and fisheries. In 1969 to 1976, he held the portfolios of minister of housing. He served as a member of the Rajya Sabha (MP) between 1876-80.
In June 1995-1996, he was made the Union minister for health and family welfare and additional charge of water resources.
After the November 26, 2008 terror attack in Mumbai, he sparked a national controversy saying top anti-terorrist squad chief Hemant Karkare may have become the victim following his investigation in the 2006 Malegaon blasts.
Later, he told Parliament he was not talking about who killed Karkare. But that Karkakare might have been sent in wrong directions. The Congress had distanced itself from his statements.

Pakistan: Imran Khan alters countrywide shut down plan aftercriticismBy: Press Trust of India | Islamabad |
Posted: December 2, 2014 3:00 pm
Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaaf chief Imran Khan has altered his plan to “shut down” the country on December 16, after being criticised as the protest date coincided with the formal surrender of the army in Bangladesh.
Khan, who has been protesting since mid-August, had threatened to paralyze Pakistan on December 16 if Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif failed to initiate an impartial probe into the alleged rigging in 2013 general elections.
His decision drew flake from different circles as the date of protest coincided with the formal surrender of the army in Dhaka leading to creation of Bangladesh in 1971.
There was also widespread criticism to shut down the country and the major trade organizations refused to become a  part of the plan as it would cause a huge financial loss.
Arif Alvi, a senior party, said the party had in-depth talks over the protest plan on Monday at the residence of Khan in suburbs of Islamabad.
He said that the dates of shut down have been slightly changed and now the grand protest being called as shut down would be held on December 18.
Also the party has changed its original plan for protest in Lahore from December 4 to 15. The protests in Faisalabad and Karachi would be held according to the original plan on December 8 and 12 respectively.
There are reports that the party was trying to change the mode of protest as it was evident that it cannot enforce a shutdown.
The government on its part has decided to hold talks with Khan to formulate a mechanism for addressing his concerns.
The decision was taken after opposition leader Khursheed Shah met Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Monday.
On the issue of rigging, Sharif has also written to the Supreme Court to appoint a commission to determine whether organized rigging was staged in the 2013 polls as blamed by Imran.

No rate cut by Feb to be mistake: Abheek Barua | Why the status quoAbheek Barua
('Though, an incremental…)
In a chat with ET Now, Abheek Barua , Consultant, ICRIER, shares his views on the RBI credit policy. Excerpts:
ET Now: The target for CPI inflation got revised downwards to 6% for March 2015. We have spoken about the glide path, but there is no certainty beyond March 2015. How do you read into this and the lowering of the March CPI target as well?
Abheek Barua: The March CPI target had to be lower because conditions on the ground have changed and the RBI needs to change its mind and its forecast when facts change. The fact is that not only do we have a decline in oil prices, we have globally a very major pronounce deflationary cycle which is likely to sustain.
Despite the fact that an incremental rate cut might not have an immediate impact on lending rates or borrowing costs or on investment, it is a very major signal to send that you are sort of finally getting into a zone of comfort from a macroeconomic perspective. That is important and he needs to signal that and in a number of cases like the European Central Bank for instance we have seen inflation targeting central banks actually fall a little behind the curve in terms of actually actioning their assessment and forecast. I believe if we do not cut by February, he will be possibly making a mistake.
Mythili Bhusnurmath: If I can ask you to stick your neck out, you did talk about inflation targeting central banks being a little behind the curve. So would you think that he has missed an opportunity today to cut rates?
Abheek Barua: I believe that there are enough signs not just domestically but globally that there is going to be a permanent deflation pressure, which is going to continue for a while. Inflation targeting is not just about going by data, it is about taking a view about the future. I would not call it a missed opportunity because he will ultimately have to cut rates.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lebanon detains wife  son of IS chief Baghda...Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi
(Lebanese daily As-Safir,…)
BEIRUT: The Lebanese army detained a wife and daughter of Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi as they crossed from Syria nine days ago, security officials said on Tuesday, in a setback to the group as it comes under increased military pressure.
The woman was identified her as Saja al-Dulaimi, an Iraqi, by a senior Lebanese political source and security official.
The Lebanese newspaper As-Safir reported she had been detained in coordination with "foreign intelligence".
The arrest is a blow to Baghdadi and could be used as a bargaining chip against his group, which has captured many foreign, Iraqi and Syrian prisoners and declared a caliphate across territory it has seized in Syria and Iraq.
A senior Lebanese security official said Baghdadi's wife had been travelling with one of their daughters, contradicting earlier reports that it was his son. DNA tests were conducted to verify it was Baghdadi's child, the official said.
They were detained in northern Lebanon . Investigators were questioning her at the headquarters of the Lebanese defence ministry. There was no immediate reaction from Islamic State websites.
Dulaimi was one of 150 women released from a Syrian government jail in March as part of a prisoner swap that led to the release of 13 nuns taken captive by al Qaeda-linked militants in Syria.
Islamic State has seized wide areas of Iraq and Syria, Lebanon's neighbour to the east.
The Lebanese security forces have cracked down on the group's sympathisers and the intelligence services have been extra vigilant on the borders with Syria.
They have arrested over the past few months dozens of Islamic militants suspected of staging attacks to expand Islamic State influence in Lebanon.
A US-led alliance is seeking to roll back Islamic State's territorial gains in Iraq and Syria. US President Barack Obama has vowed to "degrade and ultimately destroy" Baghdadi's group, which is seeking to reshape the Middle East according to its radical vision of Islam.
US OFFERS BOUNTY FOR BAGHDADI
Spillover from the Syrian conflict has repeatedly jolted neighbouring Lebanon. Militants affiliated to the al Qaeda-linked Nusra Front and Islamic State are demanding the release of Islamists held by the Lebanese authorities in exchange for 27 members of the Lebanese security forces taken captive in August.
Islamic State, which US-led forces are bombing in Iraq and Syria, includes thousands of foreign fighters and its leadership draws from militants with combat experience in Iraq.
The United States is offering $10 million for information leading to the location, arrest, or conviction of Baghdadi, an Iraqi, whose real name is Ibrahim Awwad Ibrahim Ali al-Badri al-Samarai.
Baghdadi called for attacks against the rulers of Saudi Arabia in a speech purported to be in his name last month.
He said his self-declared caliphate was expanding in Saudi Arabia and four other Arab countries and called for "volcanoes of jihad" the world over in the speech released on November 13.
A CV of Baghdadi published on social media in July by Islamic State sympathisers described him as married but gave no further details. It is unclear how many wives he has. He is allowed up to four, in accordance with Islamic law.
Born in 1971, Baghdadi comes from an Iraqi family of preachers and Arabic teachers, according to a biography distributed on Islamist forums that says he studied at the Islamic University in Baghdad.
According to US media reports, Baghdadi was detained for several years at Camp Bucca, a US-run prison in southern Iraq, before becoming head of the Islamic State of Iraq in 2010, a predecessor to Islamic State, which expanded into Syria in 2013.
In June this year, his group named him "caliph for the Muslims everywhere", and called on all Muslims to pledge allegiance. Although he is rarely pictured, a video released in July showed him preaching in a mosque in the Iraqi city of Mosul, dressed in a black robe and turban.
He has proven ruthless in eliminating opponents and showed no hesitation in turning against former allies: he launched a war against al Qaeda's Syria wing Nusra Front, leading to a split with al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahri, earlier this year.
The Lebanese authorities have also detained the wife of Anas Shirkas, senior Nusra Front leader from Syria, security officials said on Tuesday. They did not identify her.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Intel partners with BBNL to back Digital Ind...You are here: Home > Collections
Intel partners with BBNL to back government's Digital India vision
ET Bureau Dec 3, 2014, 02.34AM IST
Tags:
android
(Intel Tuesday said that…)
NEW DELHI: US chipmaker Intel Tuesday said that it will work with the Indian government through its 'Digital Skills for India' program to benefit five million citizens by the end of 2015 with skills to compete in the global digital economy.
Under the program, the company has joined hands with Bharat Broadband Network Ltd. (BBNL) to build capacity by imparting digital literacy training to key resource persons in the first 1000 panchayats under the National Optic Fiber Network (NOFN) roll-out in India.
"Enabling broadband highways is an imperative of the Digital India vision and the National Optic Fiber Network roll-out aims to deliver true broadband to Panchayats," Aruna Sundararajan , administrator (USOF) and chairman-cum-managing director , BBNL, said in a joint statement.
As part of the initiative, Intel India has also launched the Digital Skills Training application that features modules on digital literacy, financial inclusion, healthcare and cleanliness in five Indian languages.
The application will be available freely on the Android Play Store from December 6, while a similar offline training module will also be made available in seven Indian languages, the company said.
"At Intel, we believe that skill development and innovation are imperative for realizing the Digital India vision and these are the two areas in which Intel will begin working with the government to digitally empower the citizens of India," Debjani Ghosh, vice president- sales and marketing group, managing director- Intel South Asia , said in the statement.
The chipmaker has also unveiled the 'Innovate For India Challenge' initiative, which will be launched in 2015. The initiative will drive technology innovation across platforms to create solutions that are relevant for India, the company said.
"The world is watching India with great interest. Through our technological innovations we strive to provide Indian citizens with computing solutions that are affordable, accessible and easy to use," Timothy Q. Parker, vice president- sales and marketing group, interim general manager, Asia Pacific Japan, said in the statement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Morgan Stanley Sets December 2015 BSE Sensex Target at 32 500You are here: Home Market
Morgan Stanley Sets December 2015 BSE Sensex Target at 32,500
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 02, 2014 15:15 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
New Delhi: The bullishness in the Indian stock market is likely to continue and the benchmark Sensex will reach 32,500 by December 2015, Global brokerage firm Morgan Stanley said.
According to the global financial services major, Indian equities are benefiting from the start of a new growth cycle, a benign global environment resulting in a positive shift in terms of trade and reforms, which can lift India's potential growth rate.
"Our December 2015 BSE Sensex target is 32,500," Morgan Stanley said in a research note and added it is overweight on sectors like energy, consumer discretionary, financials and technology.
Stock markets have seen significant gains in 2014 and the Sensex has gained 7,268.23 points, or 34.33 per cent, so far this year.
"Sentiment is strong with support from flows and momentum - our market timing indicator suggests that market mood is buoyant though yet to hit exuberant territory," it said.
The 30-share Sensex was trading 0.41 per cent down at 28,441.16 in the afternoon after the Reserve Bank kept the key interest rates unchanged today.
"Our view is the government's reforms are on track and if these reforms progress well, we see upside risk to earnings estimates," Morgan Stanley said.
Some key initiatives that have been taken by the Centre include: efforts to make India a better place to do business, tax reforms to kick start growth, fiscal consolidation to stem inflation, realignment of subsidies to make the economy more productive and boost to infra spend to lift growth.
While foreign flows have been strong in the past 12 months, in the coming 12-24 months Indian markets could see sharp rise in domestic flows into equities as explained earlier, the report said.
The report further said equities for now look less appealing against long bonds but the likely rate cuts in future could change that and could feed into equity valuations.
Story first published on: December 02, 2014 15:13 (IST)

Omaxe: Outcome of board meetingDec 02, 2014, 03.23 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Omaxe: Outcome of board meeting
Omaxe Ltd has informed BSE regarding Outcome of Board Meeting held on December 02, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Omaxe: Outcome of board meeting
Omaxe Ltd has informed BSE regarding Outcome of Board Meeting held on December 02, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 

Monetary policy: Knitwear exporters disappointedMonetary policy: Knitwear exporters disappointed
L N Revathy
Tweet
Coimbatore, Dec 2:  
The garment exporting community in Tirupur has categorically stated that the Reserve Bank's fifth bi-monthly monetary policy has failed to meet their expectations.
The RBI Governor, Raghuram Rajan, has given reasons for not making any changes in this policy statement.
He has noted that there is still some uncertainty about the evolution of base effects in inflation, the strength of the ongoing disinflationary impulses, the pace of change of the public’s inflationary expectations, as well as the success of the government’s efforts to hit the deficit targets.
"But we were expecting a reduction in the interest rate and special consideration for exporting units,'' the President of Tirupur Exporters' Association, A Sakthivel, said and pointed out that the government was yet to announce 3 per cent interest subvention scheme on packing credit.
Interest subvention
This expired at the close of the last fiscal. It is already impacting the competitiveness of Indian garments in the international market, considering that China has recently reduced the interest rates.
He reiterated the export sector's long-pending demand for a separate chapter and fixing the pre and post shipment export credit at 7 per cent.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Modi  India getting rock star treatment from investors  says Wall StreetJournalBy: Press Trust of India | Washington |
Posted: December 2, 2014 3:15 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 3:23 pm
With money managers pouring in a whopping USD 16.5 billion in Indian stocks, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is being treated like a rock star by investors around the world, a leading American financial daily has said.
“Investors around the world are giving Modi, and India, the rock star treatment. Money managers have poured USD 16.5 billion into Indian stocks this year, the most of any developing country tracked by the Institute of International Finance,” The Wall Street Journal has reported.
Noting that India’s S&P BSE Sensex has soared 35 per cent this year, closing at a record 54 times in 2014, the daily said investors are betting that Modi will introduce policies to jump-start India’s economy, boosting profits at companies ranging from banks to cement makers.
The paper said economists predict India will expand at a faster rate this year, the only one of the BRIC countries — which include Brazil, Russia and China—expected to accelerate.
The International Monetary Fund expects growth in India to reach 6.4 per cent next year, from 5.6 per cent this year, it said.
For money managers who have to invest billions on behalf of large institutions, India may be one of the last developing  economies of its size that can offer steady, highflying returns, the daily said.

Top 10 rate sensitive buys post RBI review | Modi a rock star for marketsAdani Enterprises Ltd
(Possibility of a rate cut…)
NEW DELHI: In line with estimates, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kept the repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent in its monetary policy review on Tuesday, for the fifth time in a row.
However, a possibility of a rate cut early next year becomes much more visible now, which led to a smart recovery in rate sensitive stocks, which were trading with losses ahead of the policy meet.
"A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature," Rajan said in the statement accompanying the announcement.
"However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle," he said.
RBI Governor Rajan has been under pressure from various quarters for a reduction in rates -- since prices are sliding fast amid uncertain growth indicators -- to boost growth and kick start the lagging investment cycle in Asia's third largest economy.
But economists are of the view that the fall could be temporary, given the base effect and that there are chances of a sharp jump in the CPI reading early next year, said an ET report.
Some analysts are of the view that the rate cut is on its way and cyclical sectors are likely to get benefitted the most once that happens.
"My guess is that both the bond market and the equity market will converge in terms of the fact that a rate cut is on its way, the inflation is easing off and hopefully the rate cuts will happen sooner rather than later in 2015," says Nilesh Shah , MD & CEO, Axis Capital.
Avinnash Gorakssakar, Head of Research, Miintdirect.com, is of the view that banks should definitely be a part of investors' core portfolio, because inflation levels have come down and crude prices have come down. So hopefully post the budget and clearly in the January to March period once the rate cut cycle happens, you will see significantly re-rating on the PSU large cap banks, he says.
"We could see some re-rating in SBI and Bank of Baroda , and I would say that these are stocks which still trade at significant discounts to private sector banks. So any dip in the market prices should be an opportunity," explains Gorakssakar.
We have collated a list of ten rate sensitive stocks from various analysts or brokerage firms for a period of next 6-12 months:
Kotak Mahindra Bank: JPMorgan maintains 'overweight' with a target of Rs 1375
The global investment bank has retained 'overweight' on Kotak Mahindra Bank . ING Vysya Bank's acquisition is accretive for it. The acquisition also addresses key concerns, such as its narrow customer base and the need for promoter dilution.
Analyst: Vivek Gupta, CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited
Canara Bank: Target price set at Rs 560
The stock is trading near the resistance mark of Rs 422 from the last few weeks and it is sustaining above its 50 and 200 DMA with the RSI of 56. The stock is likely to continue its recovery trend above the resistance level of Rs 422. One can expect the targets of Rs 557-560 with a stop loss of Rs 287.
Syndicate Bank: Target price set at Rs 180
The stock has shown correction from the higher levels and now it is accumulating below the resistance level of 134. The stock is trading above its 200 and 50 DMA with the RSI of 53. Therefore in near term buying opportunities can be seen in the stock with the crossing of the resistance level. One can expect targets of 170-180 in the stock with a stop loss of 99.
Tata Motors DVR: Target price set at Rs 440
It is in a bullish trend and has started showing recovery after the recent corrective movement from the higher levels. It is sustaining above its 50 and 200 DMA with the RSI of 61. It is likely to continue its northwards journey if it manages to sustain above the level of 279. One can expect the targets of 430-440 in the stock with a stop loss of 279.
UCO Bank: Target price set at Rs 98
For long term, UCO Bank is looking bullish on charts. Its technicals are indicating a strong bullish move in near team. The stock has well tested its falling trendline and is sustaining above its 200 & 50 days moving average. Traders can go for buying in this stock if the level of Rs 90.25 is crossed for targets of Rs 98 and above with a strict stop loss at Rs 86.
IDFC: Target price set at Rs 215
The stock is trading in a range and is sustaining above its 200 and 50 DMA with RSI of 62. If the stock breaks the range at the level of 167 and manages to sustain above the level of 122, the stock is likely to show a rally and may test the level of 212-215.
Analyst: Gaurav S. Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst at Sharekhan
Adani Enterprises Ltd: Target price set at Rs 520

Government mulling plan for free essential d...Government mulling plan for free essential drugs to all
PTI Dec 2, 2014, 03.48PM IST
Tags:
Health Minister
(The reason for high expenses…)
NEW DELHi: A proposal to provide essential drugs free of cost to all patients is under government's consideration in an effort to bring down out of pocket expenditure of an individual on health care, which is presently a whopping 86 per cent.
Quoting a WHO report, Health Minister J P Nadda told Rajya Sabha that out of pocket spending as part of private expenditure on health care is 86.3 per cent in India compared to 22 per cent in the US and 57 per cent in the UK.
The reason for high expenses in India is attributed to low government expenditure on health and the poor having limited access to essential drugs and diagnostics in public health services.
"Government is examining a proposal to launch free essential drugs scheme to provide essential drugs free of cost to all patients visiting public health facilities," Nadda said, replying to questions in Rajya Sabha.
He said the impact of rising health care cost has been drawing the government's attention and it has taken several steps to provide "accessible, affordable and accountable" health care facilities to people.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex ends in red | 10 rate-sensitive stocks which could return up to 39%Adani Enterprises Ltd
(Possibility of a rate cut…)
NEW DELHI: In line with estimates, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kept the repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent in its monetary policy review on Tuesday, for the fifth time in a row.
However, a possibility of a rate cut early next year becomes much more visible now, which led to a smart recovery in rate sensitive stocks, which were trading with losses ahead of the policy meet.
"A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature," Rajan said in the statement accompanying the announcement.
"However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle," he said.
RBI Governor Rajan has been under pressure from various quarters for a reduction in rates -- since prices are sliding fast amid uncertain growth indicators -- to boost growth and kick start the lagging investment cycle in Asia's third largest economy.
But economists are of the view that the fall could be temporary, given the base effect and that there are chances of a sharp jump in the CPI reading early next year, said an ET report.
Some analysts are of the view that the rate cut is on its way and cyclical sectors are likely to get benefitted the most once that happens.
"My guess is that both the bond market and the equity market will converge in terms of the fact that a rate cut is on its way, the inflation is easing off and hopefully the rate cuts will happen sooner rather than later in 2015," says Nilesh Shah , MD & CEO, Axis Capital.
Avinnash Gorakssakar, Head of Research, Miintdirect.com, is of the view that banks should definitely be a part of investors' core portfolio, because inflation levels have come down and crude prices have come down. So hopefully post the budget and clearly in the January to March period once the rate cut cycle happens, you will see significantly re-rating on the PSU large cap banks, he says.
"We could see some re-rating in SBI and Bank of Baroda , and I would say that these are stocks which still trade at significant discounts to private sector banks. So any dip in the market prices should be an opportunity," explains Gorakssakar.
We have collated a list of ten rate sensitive stocks from various analysts or brokerage firms for a period of next 6-12 months:
Kotak Mahindra Bank: JPMorgan maintains 'overweight' with a target of Rs 1375
The global investment bank has retained 'overweight' on Kotak Mahindra Bank . ING Vysya Bank's acquisition is accretive for it. The acquisition also addresses key concerns, such as its narrow customer base and the need for promoter dilution.
Analyst: Vivek Gupta, CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited
Canara Bank: Target price set at Rs 560
The stock is trading near the resistance mark of Rs 422 from the last few weeks and it is sustaining above its 50 and 200 DMA with the RSI of 56. The stock is likely to continue its recovery trend above the resistance level of Rs 422. One can expect the targets of Rs 557-560 with a stop loss of Rs 287.
Syndicate Bank: Target price set at Rs 180
The stock has shown correction from the higher levels and now it is accumulating below the resistance level of 134. The stock is trading above its 200 and 50 DMA with the RSI of 53. Therefore in near term buying opportunities can be seen in the stock with the crossing of the resistance level. One can expect targets of 170-180 in the stock with a stop loss of 99.
Tata Motors DVR: Target price set at Rs 440
It is in a bullish trend and has started showing recovery after the recent corrective movement from the higher levels. It is sustaining above its 50 and 200 DMA with the RSI of 61. It is likely to continue its northwards journey if it manages to sustain above the level of 279. One can expect the targets of 430-440 in the stock with a stop loss of 279.
UCO Bank: Target price set at Rs 98
For long term, UCO Bank is looking bullish on charts. Its technicals are indicating a strong bullish move in near team. The stock has well tested its falling trendline and is sustaining above its 200 & 50 days moving average. Traders can go for buying in this stock if the level of Rs 90.25 is crossed for targets of Rs 98 and above with a strict stop loss at Rs 86.
IDFC: Target price set at Rs 215
The stock is trading in a range and is sustaining above its 200 and 50 DMA with RSI of 62. If the stock breaks the range at the level of 167 and manages to sustain above the level of 122, the stock is likely to show a rally and may test the level of 212-215.
Analyst: Gaurav S. Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst at Sharekhan
Adani Enterprises Ltd: Target price set at Rs 520

Gold jumps by Rs 850 to regain 27 000 levels in biggest one-day gain of  14bullion
(After losing Rs 730…)
NEW DELHI: Posting this year's biggest single-day rise of Rs 840, gold today regained the Rs 27,000 per ten gram level after a gap of over one month in the national capital, tracking rebounds in global markets.
In addition, pick-up in domestic demand from jewellers and retailers for the wedding season also buoyed sentiment.
After losing Rs 730 in last six sessions after the RBI eased imports curbs by scrapping 80:20 scheme, gold staged a strong comeback by rising Rs 840 to close at Rs 27,040 per ten grams, a level last seen on October 30.
Silver also recorded a significant gain of Rs 2,700 to Rs 37,000 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Sentiment bolstered after gold surged by 3.69 per cent, its biggest gain since September 19, to USD 1,218.10 an ounce in New York yesterday, as rebound in crude price revived demand for the precious metal as stores of value, bullion traders said.
Globally, silver also surged 7.3 per cent to USD 16.69 an ounce yesterday, the highest gain since September 2013.
Besides, rising domestic demand from jewellers and retailers for the ongoing wedding season too influenced precious metal prices, they said.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity zoomed up by Rs 840 each to Rs 27,040 and Rs 26,840 per ten grams respectively.
Sovereign moved up by Rs 100 to Rs 23,700 per piece of eight gram.
Following gold, silver ready spurted by Rs 2,700 to Rs 37,000 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 2,420 to Rs 36,340 per kg.
Silver coins recovered sharply by Rs 3,000 to Rs 61,000 for buying and Rs 62,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Buy Whirlpool  Bharat Forge  Sun Pharma Adv: Rajat Bose02:30 pm
Rajat Bose of rajatbose.com told CNBC-TV18, "My first pick is Bharat Forge . Put a stoploss below Rs 978 and tomorrow morning I am expecting it to cross Rs 996, it will cross Rs 1,000 and the targets should be Rs 1,000 and Rs 1,010."
"The other two counters are Sun Pharma Advanced Research Company  where my stoploss is below Rs 194 and the targets are Rs 211-218," he said.
"In  Whirlpool , my target is Rs 649-657 and stoploss is below Rs 632."
 

Indiabulls MF launches Indiabulls Arbitrage FundIndiabulls MF launches Indiabulls Arbitrage Fund
RBI monetary policy fails to meet exporters  expectationsRBI monetary policy fails to meet exporters  expectations
No USFDA approval for SPARC s anti-Glaucoma eyedropNo USFDA approval for SPARC s anti-Glaucoma eyedrop
NBCC secures road project worth Rs 18.5 bnNBCC secures road project worth Rs 18.5 bn
Board of Rohit Ferro-Tech approves change in directorateBoard of Rohit Ferro-Tech approves change in directorate
Appointment of directorsAppointment of directors
CREDAI Chief demands Government intervention for low cost funding of real estateCREDAI Chief demands Government intervention for low cost funding of real estate
Timeline Changes to cash reserve ratio since 1992Timeline Changes to cash reserve ratio since 1992
Rajive Kumar ceases to be director of IOCDec 02, 2014, 03.43 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Rajive Kumar ceases to be director of IOC
Indian Oil Corporation Ltd has informed BSE that Shri. Rajive Kumar, Govt. Director has ceased to be a Director on the Board of the Company with effect from December 01, 2014 upon his taking over as Secretary, Ministry of Shipping, Govt. of India.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Rajive Kumar ceases to be director of IOC
Indian Oil Corporation Ltd has informed BSE that Shri. Rajive Kumar, Govt. Director has ceased to be a Director on the Board of the Company with effect from December 01, 2014 upon his taking over as Secretary, Ministry of Shipping, Govt. of India.
Post your opinion here
 
Indian Oil Corporation Ltd has informed BSE that Shri. Rajive Kumar, Govt. Director has ceased to be a Director on the Board of the Company with effect from December 01, 2014 upon his taking over as Secretary, Ministry of Shipping, Govt. of India.Source : BSE

Coromandel Engg: Updates on resignation of business headDec 02, 2014, 03.40 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Coromandel Engg: Updates on resignation of business head
Coromandel Engineering Company Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. A. Suryanarayan, Business Head, who was appointed as the Manager and Key Managerial Person under the Companies Act, 2013 for a period of one year with effect from April 30, 2014, had resigned from the Company and relieved with effect from close of business hours of November 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Coromandel Engg: Updates on resignation of business head
Coromandel Engineering Company Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. A. Suryanarayan, Business Head, who was appointed as the Manager and Key Managerial Person under the Companies Act, 2013 for a period of one year with effect from April 30, 2014, had resigned from the Company and relieved with effect from close of business hours of November 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Coromandel Engineering Company Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. A. Suryanarayan, Business Head, who was appointed as the Manager and Key Managerial Person under the Companies Act, 2013 for a period of one year with effect from April 30, 2014, had resigned from the Company and relieved with effect from close of business hours of November 30, 2014.Source : BSE

Markets end lower as RBI maintains status-quoMarkets end lower as RBI maintains status-quo on key rates
Faraan Tarique | Mumbai Dec 02, 2014 03:49 PM IST
Markets ended lower weighed down by IT majors while rate sensitive shares witnessed profit taking after the Reserve Bank of India decided to keep key rates unchanged at its policy review today.
 
The 30-share Sensex closed down 115 points at 28,444 and the 50-share Nifty ended down 31 points at 8,524. .
 
In the broader market, both BSE midcap and smallcap indices with gains of 0.9% and 0.5% each outperformed their larger peers.  Market breadth in BSE ended marginally positive with 1,513 advances against 1,412 declines.
 
The Reserve Bank of India kept interest rates unchanged at 8% on Tuesday as widely expected, staying focused on containing inflation while adopting a more dovish tone in response to the government's call for help to revive economic growth. However, the central bank indicated rates could ease early next year as inflation shows signs of cooling.
 
Commenting on the RBI’s policy review, Deven Choksey, managing director and chief executive officer, K R Choksey Shares and Securities, said, “RBI has ensured enough liquidity for the markets through equity measures. So, banks should be able to cut their interest rates by at least 25 basis points. RBI as a regulator is allowing banks to take all possible measures to reduce the NPA levels which is definitely a step in the right direction.”
 
Meanwhile, foreign institutional investors were net sellers in Indian equities worth Rs 12.36  crore on Monay, as per provisional stock exchange data.
 
Buzzing Stocks
 
BSE Metal and Healthcare indices, gaining around 1% each were the top gainers among sectors followed by BSE FMCG and Capital Goods indices with 0.6% and 0.7% of gains each.
 
BSE IT index down around 1.5% and BSE Auto index, down more than 1% lost the most. 
 
A rebound in global commodity prices boosted metal stocks. Sesa Sterlite and Hindalco ended with gains of 1.1% and 2.8% each. Tata Steel gained around 0.5%.
 
L&T gained more than 1% and was among the top gainers.
 
ICICI Bank recovered from early lows and ended up 0.7%. The stock turns ex-stock split on Thursday, December 4. Shareholders would be entitled to receive 5 equity shares of nominal value of Rs. 2 each in lieu of 1 equity share of nominal value of Rs. 10 each of the Bank. Axis Bank closed 0.4% high.
 
 Pharma shares closed mixed. Sun Pharma gained around 0.7%. The Competition Commission of India (CCI) is expected to come out with its decision on the merger of Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy this week.  
 
Bharti Airtel, up 1.8% and ITC, up 0.4% were other major gainers.
Among oil and gas shares, GAIL and ONGC lost 2.8% and 0.6% each while RIL ended marginally high by 0.1%.
 
Information technology stocks declined tracking losses in their peers on NASDAQ. Infosys lost more than 2%. The stock turned ex-bonus today. TCS and Wipro lost 1.4% and 0.8% each.
 
Finance major HDFC lost around 1.5% and HDFC Bank lost around 0.9%.
 
Shares of automobiles companies declined by up to 3% after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan left interest rates unchanged for the fifth time in a row at the central bank’s bi-monthly policy review today.
 
M&M slumped around 2.5% after reporting a 13% decline in its total sales numbers in the month of November, 2014 compared to the same month last year.
 
Tata Motors lost more than 1% after reporting weaker than expected sales numbers for the month of November. It reported 2% increase in total sales at 41,720 units in November, 2014 as against 40,863 units in the same month last year.
 
Bajaj Auto declined more than 1%. The motorcycles sales of the company declined by 6% in November, 2014 compared to the same month last year though the commercial vehicles sales with a  48% surge in the same period were the highest for any November. 
 
Maruti Suzuki lost around 0.8%. Yesterday, the company announced a recall of 3,796 units of its recently launched mid-sized sedan Ciaz, manufactured till November 7, to replace a faulty part of clutch operation system.  Hero Motocorp lost around 1.5%.
 
Among other shares, all three listed state-owned oil marketing companies (OMC),-HPCL, BPCL and IOC- witnessed selling pressure, falling between 1% to 2.5% each after the government raised excise duty on petrol by Rs 2.25 a litre and on diesel by Re 1 a litre with immediate effect.
 
 Global Markets
 
Japanese shares closed at a seven-year high on speculations of buying in exchange traded funds (ETFs) by Bank of Japan as a part of its asset purchase scheme . Investors shrugged off a downgrade of Japan's sovereign debt credit rating by Moody's Investors Service. Nikkei ended 0.4% high.
 
Chinese shares gained on rebound in commodity and crude oil prices. Shanghai Composite index  gained more than 3% on hopes of further stimulus measures by Chinese central bank after the official manufacturing PMI came below expectations on Friday. Hang Seng  gained more than 1%.
 
Amid firm global cues, European shares have opened higher. FTSE 100 is trading with more than 1% of gains while CAC 40 is up 0.5%. Trimming early gains DAX is trading flat.

Gold falls for fourth day  down Rs 110 on global cuesNew Delhi, November 28, 2014
Updated: November 28, 2014 17:09 IST
Gold falls for fourth day, down Rs 110 on global cues
PTI
bullion
Silver also remained under selling pressure and traded lower by Rs 550 to Rs 36,200 per kg.
Continuing its falling streak for the fourth straight day, gold prices drifted by Rs 110 to Rs 26,670 per ten gram at the bullion market in the national capital on Friday, tracking a weakening global trend.
Silver also remained under selling pressure and traded lower by Rs 550 to Rs 36,200 per kg.
Traders said besides subdued demand from jewellers, a weak trend overseas amid falling global crude oil prices — reducing demand for an inflation hedge — mainly weighed on gold prices here.
Gold in Singapore, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell 0.9 per cent to $1,181.84 an ounce and silver by 1.2 per cent to $16.05 an ounce, the lowest since November 20.
In addition, shifting of funds towards record-breaking domestic equity market, further dampened the sentiment.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity lost another Rs 110 each to Rs 26,670 and Rs 26,470 per ten gram respectively. The precious metal prices have fallen by Rs 150 in the past three days.
Sovereign also declined by Rs 100 to Rs 23,700 per piece of eight gram.
In overall weak trend, silver ready moved down by Rs 550 to Rs 36,200 per kg and weekly—based delivery by Rs 450 to Rs 35,610 per kg.
Silver coins remained under pressure and slumped by Rs 1,000 to Rs 61,000 for buying and Rs 62,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Crackdown on tax abuses by tech companiesCrackdown on tax abuses by technology companies
Vanessa Houlder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0092eb7c-788d-11e4-a33c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Women in asset management: Battling a culture of subtle sexismNumber of female fund executives falls
The situation appears to be worse in fund management than elsewhere in finance. Just over a tenth of women in financial services said they have suffered sexual harassment at work within the past three years, according to a report published in October by Opportunity Now , a group that campaigns for better gender equality in business.
One female trader in the asset management industry says she is on the brink of quitting the industry altogether due to her inability to cope with the environment.
“[My bosses invent] perverted nicknames about parts of our bodies and fantasise about pornographic scenes. Clients hit on [me] nonstop. I can’t dress like I would in another job and I purposely don’t wear make-up,” she says.
Another female respondent adds: “It is not appropriate for male bosses to call me ‘sweetheart’ and ask me to take the minutes or type up the notes. I am management level, not a secretary, and to be handed these tasks over more junior males is clear sexism. Sexism is rife.”
These problems are not just reported by women. More than a third of male asset management staff also frequently witness sexist behaviour at work, according to the FTfm findings.
One male respondent says: “There are still an awful lot of sexist and derogatory remarks happening when there are only men in meetings. Women who have succeeded also tend to be labelled as ‘ball breakers’, which is an insult to them.”
The findings show that roughly a sixth of women have felt pressured to use their sexuality at work, compared with 6 per cent of men.
A female hedge fund employee, who said she was sexually assaulted by a senior banker that worked with her company, did not report the incident to her managers out of fear that it could damage her career. “No one wants to be the girl that screams,” she says.
Martin Gilbert, chief executive of Aberdeen Asset Management , Europe’s largest listed fund house, says: “Unfortunately, I am not surprised [this behaviour] still goes on, but I am shocked the figures remain so high. It is a huge concern.
“From a moral perspective it should not be happening, but it also makes no business sense. Research clearly shows that more diverse teams perform better. This kind of behaviour will discourage women from joining the sector, [which is] bad for the industry and investors.”
Daniel Godfrey, chairman of the IMA, the UK fund association, adds: “I am shocked at the findings and, if they truly reflect the situation across asset management, they make me angry. The biggest concern is that 65 per cent of women say that they have regularly [experienced] inappropriate behaviour. [This] would indicate a cultural issue that is more worrying than incidents that are disgusting and unacceptable, but which may also be rare.”
A number of large international fund houses, including BlackRock , the world’s biggest asset manager, Vanguard, Pimco, Fidelity Investments, RBC Global Asset Management and Robeco declined to comment on the findings.
Although there is widespread recognition that recruiting and retaining more women in the industry is imperative to fixing these issues, the overwhelming majority of fund houses were unwilling to share statistics on the gender breakdown of their workforce.
FTfm asked the 10 largest independent fund houses in the US and Europe to provide information such as how many women they employ and at what level.
Aberdeen was the only fund company to share the information. The remaining nine groups declined, including BlackRock, Vanguard, Fidelity Investments, Franklin Templeton and Capital Group in the US, and Schroders , Union Investment, Lombard Odier and Pictet Asset Management in Europe.
A number of bank- and insurance-owned groups would also not provide a breakdown, including Pimco, Allianz Global Investors, State Street Global Advisors, Deutsche Asset and Wealth Management, Amundi, Goldman Sachs Asset Management, Invesco and Legg Mason .
Their reluctance to share such information will frustrate the many women in the market who believe they are fighting a culture of “subtle sexism”. Large technology companies, including Google and Twitter, began publishing a gender breakdown of their workforces this year.
One senior female respondent says: “Discrimination is endemic and continues to be a massive problem for women in the industry. Even worse is the fact that you are effectively gagged as a senior female if you want to be seen as a good ‘team player’ with your male bosses or influential male counterparts.
“That means it is politically unacceptable and a corporate career killer to speak out in any way whatsoever on what is really going on. It leaves you as a senior female in an almost impossible position and it is incredibly depressing.”
The survey revealed a wide gap in perception between men and women on the extent of sexism in the market. More than two-thirds of men believe the situation for women has improved in the past five years, compared with just 37 per cent of women.
Nearly a fifth of women, meanwhile, believe sexism is worse in fund management than elsewhere in finance, compared with just 7 per cent of men.
One female respondent says: “We need whistleblowing policies, stronger legal aid and awareness, and a serious clampdown on the entertainment culture. Had I known what I was getting myself into, I would have taken a different path.”
The consensus among several senior executives is that fund companies need to take a zero tolerance approach to sexist behaviour.
Saker Nusseibeh, chief executive of Hermes Investment Management, says companies should “make it clear that any such behaviour is totally unacceptable within the industry [and will] lead to termination”. Educating the workforce to recognise harassment and how to prevent it and promoting more women to positions of leadership are also important, he believes.
Maxime Carmignac, managing director of French fund house Carmignac Gestion, says: “Companies must raise awareness but should not impose too strict rules. ”
Helena Morrissey, chief executive of BNY Mellon subsidiary Newton and a leading campaigner for gender equality in the workplace, expressed exasperation at the findings. “It’s so tedious that there still seems such a problem,” she said.
-------------------------------------------
Vox pop: Women in Asset Management survey
Alongside the 730 fund management staff who responded to FTfm’s Women in Asset Management survey, more than 95 women and 30 men provided detailed and lengthy comments on the issue. Here are just a few:
Women
“There still seems to be an adherence to cultural stereotypes in fund management. This seems to be worse in British companies than multinational ones. While beer and golf are seen as cultural norms in business we will struggle to get out of the dark ages.”
“The fact is that tough women are regarded as trouble whereas tough men are regarded as promotion material.”
“There’s nothing overt – people are too smart for that but in my department there’s a subtle suggestion that most women are only good for admin work.”
. . .
Men
“Much more work needs to be done on equal pay. Some companies seem to take pride that women they employ are subject to less discrimination than average, which is absurd and sums up the problem. It should be about achieving equality, not being satisfied with merely less inequality.”
“From a management perspective, women are far more difficult to control than male staff. This is due to inter-female competition, often resulting in ‘scenes’ in the workplace.”
“Frequently men are overlooked because of their sex and there is discrimination in favour of women.”
Related Topics
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

India Strategist CitigroupDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

Broker knocks wind out of Carnivals sailsBroker knocks wind out of Carnival’s sails
Bryce Elder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4694ef50-7980-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US retailers eye sales reboundUS retailers eye sales rebound
Elizabeth Paton in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1f2000bc-7977-11e4-9e81-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bargain-hunting in Russia© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d41d5a68-7978-11e4-9e81-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sky hires advisers in battle for dominanceSky hires advisers amid battle for dominance of UK telecoms
Arash Massoudi, Daniel Thomas and Henry Mance
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/47050522-7978-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Politics clouds economic impact of migration© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/d41596a6-76ea-11e4-8273-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Commuting is a problem for employers tooCommuters’ daily drudge is a problem for employers too
Andrew Hill
Businesses should do more to ease the angst of those who have long journeys to work
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/13fae332-7652-11e4-9761-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The godmen of India who wield influenceDecember 1, 2014 5:14 pm
The ‘godmen’ of India who bring out the vote, and wield earthly influence
Amy Kazmin – New Delhi
Contemporary Hinduism offers the most unlikely characters lucrative careers, writes Amy Kazmin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bef8227c-7733-11e4-8273-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fosun boosts Club Med offer above rivalFosun boosts Club Med offer to €23.50 per share
Adam Thomson in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d9f81ff0-797c-11e4-9e81-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Swansea tidal barrage proposedGovernment to back £1bn Swansea tidal project
Jim Pickard and Gill Plimmer
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7e53bb1a-7971-11e4-9e81-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A drug that works forever and an alien organismDecember 1, 2014 6:25 pm
Artificial ingredients for a primordial soup and recipe for life
Anjana Ahuja
A drug that works forever and an alien organism that is immortal, writes Anjana Ahuja
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7620137e-794b-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Halt Jerusalems descent into Dark AgesDecember 1, 2014 6:34 pm
Halt Jerusalem’s unholy descent into Dark Ages
Ghanem Nuseibeh
The city has seen worse, but today’s problems could spark global conflict, says Ghanem Nuseibeh
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d02ece34-75a2-11e4-a1a9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jyotivardhan JaipuriaJyotivardhan Jaipuria joined BofAML in 1994. He has completed his MBA from the Indian Institute of Management. Earlier he was in ICICI Limited to look after investment decision
ABOUT Jyotivardhan Jaipuria
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria joined BofAML in 1994. He has completed his MBA from the Indian Institute of Management. Earlier he was in ICICI Limited to look after investment decision

UP: Constable shot dead by criminals in MeerutBy: Press Trust of India | Meerut |
Posted: December 2, 2014 10:36 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 10:41 am
A constable was on Tuesday killed and another injured when criminals opened fire on the policemen who tried to stop them from fleeing.
One of the assailants was later killed in a shoot-out with a police team, Circle Officer Rupesh Sharma said, adding constable Ekant Yadav, 24, suffered fatal injuries in the attack by the criminals.
Constables Lokesh Bhati and Yadav were on night patrol when they received information at 2 AM about presence of two criminals at a shop near a tyre factory in Lisadi gate area.
“When they reached the area, the two criminals opened fire on them and tried to flee on their motorcycle,” Circle Officer Rupesh Sharma said, adding the two policemen were injured in the firing.
Meanwhile, SHO Ravinder Yadav along with his team surrounded the criminals and one of them was killed in exchange of fire while the other escaped.
Yadav, who hails from Nanglakala village in neighbouring Bulandshahr district and was married three months ago, succumbed to his injuries while Bhati is undergoing treatment.
“The deceased criminal is yet to be identified,” Sharma said.

See Nifty at 9000 by Budget; buy on dips: Ambit s Holland08:00 am
The Nifty is likely to hit 9000 by Budget in late February, feels Andrew Holland of Ambit Investment Advisors. In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Anuj Singhal and Sonia Shenoy, he says the Sensex is likely to hit 45,000 in the next three years.
Holland is not bullish on PSU banks from a long term perspective, though he has become constructive on the banking space near term. Holland sees the RBI cutting interest rates in the March quarter.
Holland is not bullish on FMCG stocks either as he feels benefits from falling raw material prices will be ploughed back into advertising to increase market share.
He expects crude prices to decline further as he feels it is more of a demand issue than a supply problem. Holland feels the best way to play the oil story would be to bet on companies building oil & gas pipelines across the country.
He expects a global sell-off in January on economic growth concerns. Should global markets crack, India will not be immune to it, cautions Holland. But he says any steep decline will be a good buying opportunity.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Andrew Holland’s interview:
Anuj: The last couple of months really have gone as per your wishes really, you were out of the market in October when there was a correction and you were almost all in the month of November. What is your call now, are you still expecting the Nifty to move towards 9000 by budget, that was your call two months back?
A: Yes, I am still expecting that. We feel that if the government can continue with its momentum of reforms and push through some of the bills through parliament then this will give the market its momentum or keep the momentum going up until the budget.
I just hope that the reform process continues because I wouldn’t like to see that we are all betting on the budget proposals making sure that India continues to grow at the pace we are expecting going forward. So I hope it is not becoming such a big event that people start betting on it because that would be a little bit worrisome. But at the moment still thinking 9000 on Nifty by the time we get to the Budget.
Sonia: Ambit has put out a 36000 Sensex target by March 2016, what in your sense is the trajectory that the market will see till then, what would be the sectors that would actually lead it to that level if we get there?
A: India is a very simple story, it is a domestic growth story so it will be across all sectors. Our view is that it is an earnings story, India is all about operational gearing and as operational gearing kicks in you will see earnings really start to move forward very quickly. So 20 percent growth in earnings cannot be ruled out going forward in the next two-three years. So we see an index target of 46000 in two-three years time for the Sensex so that is an easy thing.
We are sticking to our mega supply theme, I know Prime Minister Narendra Modi has got Make in India but we think it is who supplies to India is going to be the real call and that is where we are focusing.
I know today is interest rate day and RBI. We are expecting a 50 bps cut in the first quarter, may be we will see something today, who knows. But over the next two years or so we are expecting 250-300 bps cut in interest rates and that is what would lead the next leg of the rally because obviously that will help all the indebted companies and also the banking sector to lead the market. So it is going to be various sectors over the next one-two years which will lead but underlying all that will be this mega supply theme which is playing out.
Anuj: Banks is one area where you have been overweight on but you are more overweight on private banks compared to PSU banks. The last one-two months we have seen a big rally in PSU banks, what is your call now on this entire space and would you look to add your long positions or would you look to book some profit in the banking space now? 
A: We have become a little bit more constructive towards the banks; I am not overly convinced on PSU banks. I think they will be beneficiaries of that lower interest rate regime if 250-300 bps over the next few years, that will help all the PSU banks move forward. That said the market rallies that we have had in the banking sector we like to rent them rather than own them. So we are not convinced that we need to own these stocks yet but obviously when market has its momentum and certainly the rally in the banking sector that we don’t mind renting them in the short-term and then take some profits as markets ease. 

Govt can now abolish subsidies amid crude fall: Ex-CMD ONGC08:00 am
State-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Limited ( ONGC ) has been up only 22 percent year-to-date whereas, oil marketing companies (OMCs) have been rerated.
With crude prices plummeting, the government now has an opportunity to do away with subsidies altogether, says Sudhir Vasudeva, Former CMD, ONGC.
However, the company is unable to recover its production cost in this subsidy regime of paying USD 56/bbl, he says adding that its situation will improve if subsidy sharing is addressed and subsidy rationalisation is revisited.
According to him, investors need clarity on gas pricing and subsidy formula, as new gas price revisions have fallen short of expectations.
Going ahead, production from the state-owned company may not increase in near-term, he adds.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: This should have been the blue-sky scenario for ONGC. You have crude prices at somewhere around USD 70/barrel or so, diesel is free, petrol is free but still there is no clarity on what is going to happen to the overall subsidy burden and how much ONGC would pay. How would you react to something like this?
A: Definitely, this is a situation where probably the government has an opportunity of even abolishing subsidies. Till Q2, the subsidy formula was still the same that USD 56 per barrel of oil production was being given as subsidy. This formula was relevant when oil prices were about USD 110 per barrel or something. So, USD 55 per barrel was being given to ONGC and Oil India Ltd  (OIL). But in today’s circumstances when USD 71 per barrel is oil price and if USD 63 per barrel for ONGC has taken away then ONGC doesn’t get even the cost of production by this. So even for Q2 when the subsidies were being allocated, ONGC was asked to pay about Rs 13,700 crore so in this first half ONGC has paid nearly Rs 26,700 crore but that time itself there were hopes that this formula would be addressed in the subsequent months.
Now that the subsidy burden has been projected as Rs 92,000 crore against Rs 120,000 crore in the beginning of the year, this is already a Rs 30,000 crore respite and going forward with the oil prices still going down, these subsidies may again go down. So this is the time when this subsidy formula needs to be addressed and very clear picture needs to be given.
Earlier, there was some consideration that ONGC and OIL would probably be given USD 65 per barrel of oil production. If something like that is ensured, this will give a very clear indication for ONGC management and OIL management to see how to monetize their projects as they compound.
Q: Until we get that clarity, if the upstream companies have to pay Rs 60,000 crore itself going forward then how much do you think the realisations for the ONGC could go to because even in the quarter gone by, the net realisations fell to USD 41/ barrel versus USD 47 per barrel in the previous quarter. What do you think could be the impact on realisations?
A: The cost of production itself is about USD 40-41 per barrel. So there is no way that this kind of subsidy formula can work. The oil production would be then a loss-making proposition for national oil companies (NOC). So this formula is not relevant in today’s circumstances, the formula needs to be revised.
First of all, this Rs 92,000 crore - what is being reported probably would be shared 50:50 ratio between NOCs and Government of India. In that case, about Rs 46,000 crore is going to be the burden subsidy on NOCs this year and if ONGC is to bear about 83 percent of that, it will be about USD 40,000 crore - a rough calculation. So, if ONGC has already paid Rs 27,000 crore, I hope if everything remains constant, about Rs 13,000 crore is more that is required to be paid which is just the half of what we have paid in every quarter in the past Q1 and Q2.
Q: Do you get a sense that even if the government doesn’t have the resolve right now to completely abolish subsidies but we are hearing targeted subsidies for LPG for sure and maybe some loops would be plugged for even kerosene. In that case do you think the next financial year could be good for companies like ONGC and Oil India where they get to make maybe realisations of USD 60-62 with no subsidies? Do you see something like that playing out maybe not this fiscal but maybe next fiscal?
A: I hope there will be more clarity as we go forward. In this quarter itself, we would know what is the colour of the things that are going to come in future.
Q: Under current scenario, do you think the ONGC divestment is a good idea because this is one of the most under valued stocks right now and even at Rs 370 or so the stock is struggling while we have seen quite a bit of rerating in the PSU oil marketing company stocks?
A: In the recent times, every time we have gone to the market there have been two questions by the investors. One was the gas price in the past, which is still valid today because this new gas price revision has fallen short of expectations and second thing is subsidy formula.
If both things are corrected, there is possibility of good realisation. Otherwise, the way government is thinking of doing this disinvestment in two tranches otherwise is market is good. If the Sensex is 28600 and everything is looking up, investment climate in the country is looking up from that viewpoint it is the right time. Specifically to ONGC, if these issues are addressed then things will brighten up.
Q: The other aspect has been that production for ONGC has also been weak for a while. In the quarter gone by, the domestic oil output was flat and many analysts believe that ONGC will not be able to meet its production targets for the fiscal, are you getting a sense that this could be a soft FY15 for the company in terms of production?
A: This needs to be understood that ONGC has been producing for last so many years and majority of its production is coming from old fields. In fact, 75 percent of our production is coming from 15 old fields. So increasing production from old fields is very difficult. On the other hand, the production is falling.
The production increase comes only from new projects, the production increase which has been seen off late is result of decisions taken in the last two-three years of monetizing these fields like D1 and D3 etc since all these projects have been implemented, the wells have been drilled, the production is seeing some uptrend in offshore. But in onshore, first of all the production levels are low, the productivity per well is low, the possibility or the margin for improving onshore production is slightly less.
The next trench of production increase will come only after this Mumbai High North and Mumbai High South plus this KG-D6 etc where the decisions have been taken for going for the new development and redevelopment projects. Once they fructify in the next two-three years then only the production will increase. In the interim, the production will continue at this level itself.
Q: Just to take that divestment argument forward, what is the sense you are getting, do you think we could get clarity on subsidy sharing before the ONGC divestment and if we don't get clarity then do you think the divestment will go through at all?
A: I wish I could comment on that but I have no idea.
RELATED NEWS

BSE Sensex down after RBI keeps policy rate unchangedBy: Reuters | Mumbai |
Posted: December 2, 2014 10:24 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 4:47 pm
Markets fell for the second day with benchmark Sensex declining over 115 points today on selling in auto stocks after RBI kept interest rates unchanged for the fifth time in a row and IT shares dipped on strength in rupee.
In highly volatile trade, the 30-share BSE index fell to touch the day’s low of 28,386.46 following announcement of credit policy. However, the index recovered briefly to hit 28,576.39 on RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan’s hint of lowering rates early next year.
Participants later resorted to selling at every rise and the Sensex ended the day at 28,444.01, down 115.61 points, or 0.40 per cent. Yesterday, it had slipped 134.37 points.
On similar lines, the NSE 50-share Nifty, after swinging to and fro, settled with a loss of 31.20 points, or 0.36 per cent, at 8,524.70. Intra-day, it traded in a narrow range between 8,504.65 and 8,560.20.
“By not cutting rates, RBI has remained consistent in their policy objective of decisively bringing down inflation -and long term inflationary expectations. Lower post policy bond yields show the market feels more confident that eventually rates will be much lower,” said Arvind Sethi, MD & CEO, TATA Asset Management.
Rupee, which had breached 62-mark against dollar in previous sessions, today strengthened to 61.87 levels. This put pressure of shares IT companies, including TCS and Infosys, which earn most of their sales in the US currency.
Oil scrips also were on the sellers’ list after excise duty on petrol was hiked by Rs 2.25 per litre and by Re 1 a litre on diesel but retail pump rates won’t rise as oil firms have decided to absorb the duty change for the time being.
Over half of the 30 Sensex constituents ended with losses led by GAIL (down 2.85 per cent), M&M (2.47 per cent), HDFC (1.51 per cent) and Hero MotoCorp (1.48 per cent).
Sectorwise, BSE IT index suffered the most by losing 1.48 per cent, followed by Auto 1.05 per cent and Oil & Gas 0.66 per cent, among others.
Global cues, however, were conducive as Asian bourses ended higher and Europe was better in its opening trades.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth net Rs 12.36 crore yesterday, as per provisional data.

2nd phase: Moderate polling in J-K  JharkhandComments
Voters walked on frost and through a blanket of fog to log an overwhelming 71% turnout in the second phase of assembly election in militancy-hit Jammu and Kashmir on Tuesday, just shy of the first-round figure.
Kashmiri voters queue at a polling station in Handwara, about 70 kms north of capital Srinagar. (AFP photo)
Jharkhand, another insurgency-hit state to go to polls, recorded 66.38% polling despite this phase coinciding with an annual event of the Maoists’ military wing, the People’s Liberation Guerrilla Army.
People of both states defied fear of attack following poll boycott calls by separatists and insurgents, especially residents of frontier areas along the Line of Control in Jammu and Kashmir where 80% polling was recorded in some booths. Kulgam, close to Shopian where back-to-back militant attacks on two sarpanches have rocked the area, showed its contempt for violence with an impressive turnout.
The only people complaining about the cold were the election staff stationed at a godown-turned-booth without heating and food. Voters kept themselves warm with traditional fire pots (kangri) and animated conversations on “change” — the leitmotif of this year’s poll.
“I voted for the Muslim United Front in 1987 but the government murdered democracy then. I picked up the gun and joined militant ranks, but even that didn’t change the political problem. I boycotted all the elections … today I am voting for change,” said 47-year-old former separatist Abdul Gani Lone, who is now a contractor.
Another former separatist, Sajad Gani Lone, who is the People’s Conference candidate for the Handwara seat, had stirred the poll pot calling Prime Minister Narendra Modi an “elder brother”.
In Jharkhand, the fate of two former CMs and three CM probables were sealed in ballot boxes. “We elect the CM, not merely an MLA,” said a BJP supporter in Kharsawan, where former CM Arjun Munda is contesting for a record fifth time.
A crow’s flight away, Chaibasa’s BJP candidate JB Tubid, a former home secretary, is tipped to be CM by dint of his tribal identity. Jamshedpur East and West have two of the BJP’s most powerful leaders and CM probables, Raghubar Das and Saryu Roy.
Former CM Madhu Koda, infamous for his alleged involvement in a multi-crore money laundering scam, is trying his luck from Majhgaon under the banner of Jai Bharat Samanta Party.
Voting was held in 20 constituencies, 16 of them reserved for schedule tribe candidates spread over seven districts. “The overall turnout was 59.46% in 2009 elections in 20 constituencies, which has now crossed the 66% mark,” an election official said, adding the percentage might partially increase after final figures arrive in a day or two.
(With inputs from Sanjoy Dey in Ranchi)

Sensex falls after brief recovery on RBI reviewMARKET UPDATE: Sensex slips 115 points post RBI policy review
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 16:36 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Markets fell for the second day with the benchmark Sensex declining over 115 points on Tuesday on selling in auto stocks after RBI kept interest rates unchanged for the fifth time in a row and IT shares dipped on strength in rupee.
In highly volatile trade, the 30-share BSE index fell to touch the day's low of 28,386.46 following announcement of credit policy. However, the index recovered briefly to hit 28,576.39 on RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan's hint of lowering rates early next year .
Participants later resorted to selling at every rise and the Sensex ended the day at 28,444.01, down 115.61 points, or 0.40 per cent.
On Monday, it had slipped 134.37 points. On similar lines, the NSE 50-share Nifty, after swinging to and fro, settled with a loss of 31.20 points, or 0.36 per cent, at 8,524.70. Intra-day, it traded in a narrow range between 8,504.65 and 8,560.20.
By not cutting rates, RBI has remained consistent in its policy objective of decisively bringing down inflation -and long term inflationary expectations.
Lower post policy bond yields show the market feels more confident that eventually rates will be much lower, said Arvind Sethi, MD & CEO, TATA Asset Management. Rupee, which had breached 62-mark against dollar in previous sessions, today strengthened to 61.87 levels.
This put pressure on shares of IT companies, including TCS and Infosys , which earn most of their sales in the US currency. Oil scrips also were on the sellers' list after excise duty on petrol was hiked by Rs 2.25 per litre and by Re 1 a litre on diesel but retail pump rates won't rise as oil firms have decided to absorb the duty change for the time being.
Over half of the 30 Sensex constituents ended with losses led by GAIL (down 2.85 per cent), M&M (2.47 per cent), HDFC (1.51 per cent) and Hero MotoCorp (1.48 per cent).
Sectorwise, BSE IT index suffered the most by losing 1.48 per cent, followed by Auto 1.05 per cent and Oil & Gas 0.66 per cent, among others. Global cues, however, were conducive as Asian bourses ended higher and Europe was better in its opening trades. Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth net Rs 12.36 crore on Monday, as per provisional data.

SpiceJet sinks over 8%; why it s better than JetJet Airways expected to gain more from falling crude than SpiceJet
Rajesh Naidu, ET Bureau Dec 2, 2014, 04.57PM IST
Tags:
Crude oil
(Jet Airways, with a 20.2%…)
Among the two listed airline stocks, Jet Airways is expected to gain more from falling crude oil prices than the low-cost carrier SpiceJet in the coming quarters. Jet's presence in international markets helps it to take on the price-war in domestic routes .
SpiceJet, however, took a tumble on Dalal Street on Tuesday. The stock dived over 8 per cent in intraday trade to close 1.65 percent down.
Shares of Jet Airways ended the day at Rs 376.95; up 8.29 percent.
Jet Airways, with a 20.2% share in the local market, has been focusing largely on its international operations. At the end of FY14, Jet derived 53% of total revenues from international operations against 51% in FY11.
In the September 2014 quarter, total revenues from international segments was 64% with international passenger traffic growing by 20% on a year-on-year basis as against 3% growth in its domestic passenger traffic. With Etihad Airways' Rs 2,000-crore investment, Jet's working capital management is relatively well-addressed. Jet has increased its code-sharing agreements with Etihad on 71 routes which would connect Indian passengers to Amsterdam, Brussels, Paris, and Milan, among others.
Jet's plan to connect 23 Indian cities to these destinations should boost revenues from international operations in the coming quarters.
"We believe that these code-sharing flights with Etihad are one of the big moves to enhance Jet's international presence and improve connectivity.
This would also help Jet in improving margins over the longer term," said Rasheesh Shah, aviation analyst at ICICI Securities.
Unlike Jet, SpiceJet has higher presence in domestic markets and faces stiff competition from companies like Indigo Airlines which has been maintaining market share at 31.5%. Competition will increase, thanks to new carriers like Air Asia and Singapore Airlines. SpiceJet, which has been prompt to price offer discounts, has limited room to raise its market share from 19.6%.
"It should be noted that for every $10 fall in crude oil prices, airline companies save 5% of their expenses," said Amrit Pandurangi, senior director at Deloitte India.
As of FY14 fuel expenses as a percentage of total expenses for Jet and SpiceJet were in the range of 46-51%. In the past two trading sessions, the stocks of Jet and SpiceJet have gained in the range of 28%-37%. On Friday, veteran investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala bought 75 lakh shares of SpiceJet amid a market buzz that it is in talks with an international airline for stake sale.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Aviva agrees 5.6bn Friends Life takeoverAviva agrees £5bn takeover of Friends Life
Alistair Gray, David Oakley and Arash Massoudi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/46260564-79f2-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Watchdog finds bank audit failingsFRC review finds two institutions need ‘significant’ improvement
Harriet Agnew
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ee11fe08-7976-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RBI keeps key rates unchanged; EMIs won t go down for nowNo EMI relief as RBI guv keeps rates intact
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Mumbai/New Delhi, December 02, 2014
First Published: 11:07 IST(2/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:29 IST(3/12/2014)
Comments
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Raghuram Rajan dashed expectations of the government, consumers and business leaders as he kept lending rates unchanged on Tuesday despite plunging inflation and mounting pressure to ease borrowing costs to aid a revival.
RBI governor Raghuram Rajan laughs while replying to a question during a news conference after the bi-monthly monetary policy review in Mumbai on Tuesday. (Reuters)
Unchanged interest rates would imply your home loan EMIs, which eat away large chunks of household incomes, are unlikely to fall anytime soon.
High loan rates could influence people’s decision to buy houses, cars and other consumer goods, mostly bought through loans.
The benchmark lending rate has remained unchanged since January last year, demonstrating the RBI governor’s unwavering commitment to keep inflation firmly bottled up for longer period of time,  before softening of the rather hawkish stance.
Budding revival signs in the broader economy and falling inflation rates had rekindled hopes that the RBI would lower loan rates to assist companies’ investment plans, critical to spin jobs and multiply income.
Rajan retained the repo rate -- the rate at which banks borrow from RBI -- at 8%, and kept the cash reserve ratio (CRR)-- the proportion of deposits banks to have to park with the central bank -- at 4%, in the bi-month monetary policy review.
Retail inflation eased in to a three-year low of 5.52% in October, below the central bank's target of 6% by 2016.
India’s wholesale inflation rate -- the main gauge to capture country-wide price movements -- has also plunged to a five-year low of 1.77% in October, triggering a chorus of demand for lower borrowing costs to boost investment and consumer spending.
The next monetary policy is scheduled for February 3, 2015, but Rajan did not rule out a rate revision outside of the policy calendar depending on future price movements.
“A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature. However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle,” Rajan said.
Analysts said the RBI governor could wait for cues to come from the next year’s Union budget in February before initiating any rate action.
Industry leaders have been ratcheting up their demand for cheaper loans with the government also hoping that the central bank would signal a reversal of its prolonged hawkish stance that some see as affecting capacity expansion plans.
According to experts low and stable interest rates are critical to fast-track roads, ports, airports, and railways projects to create jobs, raise non-farm incomes and catalyse large scale industrialisation across India.
Rajan, however, made it abundantly clear that the RBI would not change its stance until the central bank was convinced to have fully tamed inflation.
“The way to sustainable growth is to have low and stable inflation. We are talking of years of sustainable growth,” he said.
The RBI governor said that the key to a turnaround in the growth path of the economy in the second half of the year is a revival in investment activity –- in new as well as stalled projects –- supported by fiscal consolidation, stronger export performance and lower overall inflation.

Rajnath arrives in Chhattisgarh  but won t visit Maoist ambush siteRajnath vows to continue the fight against Maoists
HT COrrespondent , Hindustan Times  Raipur, December 02, 2014
First Published: 10:04 IST(2/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:59 IST(3/12/2014)
Comments
A day after the attack in Sukma, Union home minister Rajnath Singh cited the Maoist problem as a national challenge and expressed the need to review the ongoing strategic steps and existing security situation. 
CRPF personnel, injured in the Maoist attack in Sukma on Monday are treated in a hospital in Jagdalpur. (HT Photo)
During his visit to Raipur on Tuesday, the home minister said, “We have to put a united fight against such challenge. We will review and take all strategic steps to deal with the Maoist problem and our fight will continue”. He will make a sou moto statement in Parliament on Wednesday on the attacks.
According to sources, the Maoists managed to carry off more than a dozen sophisticated weapons of security personnel from the Monday’s encounter site, including about 10 AK 47/56 rifles, one self-loading rifle, an INSAS rifle and about 400 rounds of ammunition in the gunfight.
Preliminary reports suggest that more than a dozen Maoists also died in the encounter.
Singh paid homage to the CRPF personnel who were killed in Maoist encounter near Chintagufa on Monday. He also visited critically injured jawans in the hospital.
HT reported on Tuesday that the IAF failed to send choppers after the encounter. The IAF in its rejoinder sent to HT clarified that the helicopters were sent as soon as clearance was given as per the ministry of home affairs (MHA) and IAF joint procedures. IAF maintained that the area must be sanitized before the chopper lands there. The sources said the helicopters were not launched as they could have been targeted if the area had not been sanitised.
The IAF has assigned six Mi-17 choppers to support the state and central police forces engaged in anti-naxal operations in Chattisgarh and Jharkand. 
The home minister declared that the families of those killed in the attack will get `38 lakhs while injured personnel would be given Rs65,000 besides free medical treatment.
After arriving in Raipur, Singh held a high level meeting of the senior officials of the state police, CPRF, intelligence and top bureaucrats at Rajbhawan and reviewed the situation. Chief minister Raman Singh and the state home minister Ram Sewak Paikra also attended the meeting. The union home minister’s plan to visit Bastar was shelved.

Stocks firm as commodity wobble fadesEquities shrug off fall in crude prices
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cb812806-79d4-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Over 31% voting recorded till noon in J&KUpdated: December 3, 2014 09:57 IST
It’s ‘mission change’ for Kashmiri youth
Zahid Rafiq
Tweet
PTI
A jawan stands guard as voters wait in a long queue at a polling station in Handwara district of Jammu and Kashmir on Tuesday.
The Hindu
Election officials waiting to collect the Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs) at Govt.Industrial Training Institute in North Kashmir’s Handwara frontier district of Kupwara on Monday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
TOPICS
voting
The streets and markets in Handwara town wore a deserted look on Tuesday, but polling booths were abuzz with voters queuing up to cast the vote. Tea and kehwa were served inside the booths as children tagged along with parents.
Similar to the first phase of polling, youth came out on larges numbers to vote, a feature that was missing in elections for the past two decades. This time youngsters in Kupwara and Handwara came with a mission, to vote for “change”.
“Earlier, leaders made empty promises. They promised government jobs and other things. This time, we are voting for Sajjad Lone and we are sure he will bring change. He will bring factories and industries here and he will completely change this place,” said Khalid Ahmad Bhat, a 21-year-old voter from Handwara.
Mr. Bhat’s father was given a job in the State Fisheries department by Sajjad Lone’s father, the late Abdul Ghani Lone, who founded the People’s Conference Party (PCP). The young tractor driver believes that Mr. Lone will also help him find better employment.
Supporters of National Conference candidate Choudhary Ramzan were equally confident of their candidate’s victory. Mr. Ramzan has won from the constituency four times.
A few km away in Langate constituency, hundreds of people voted for the maverick leader and sitting MLA, Engineer Abdul Rasheed. Rasheed, a former party worker with Mr. Lone’s People's Conference, started his own party called the Awami Itihaad Party (AIP) during the 2008 Assembly elections. Posters of Mr. Rasheed were the only ones that were visible in the area.
“He made our life better from the oppression of the Army and from the forced labour in Army camps that we endured for years. That is why we are voting for him, because he stands up for us. We don’t need development, we need protection from the Army,” Mudasir Ahmad, a supporter of Mr. Rasheed, told The Hindu.
While there was brisk voting, a group of 40 women raised black flags and anti-India slogans at the entrance to the polling booth in Kunan village in Kupwara. The women accused Army soldiers of a mass rape during a crackdown in 1990. “After we were raped, each of us had to undergo surgeries and we live with a deeper wound that will never heal and as long as we live, we will not be silent even though we know that we will never get any justice within the Indian system,” one of the protesting women said.
The protests, however, didn’t deter voters from exercising their franchise. By 2.25 pm, 452 of the 890 votes had been cast while the women kept protesting. The scene, in a way, was a larger picture of these elections. Voters ignored their past wounds with a hope for change.

Kharagpur IITian offered a whopping annual salary of over 1.5 croreComments
In one of the fattest pay package offered to an IITian ever in campus placements, a student of IIT Kharagpur has been offered a whopping annual salary of over Rs. 1.5 crore.
IIT Kharagpur officials said the salary package was among the 163 offers made by 27 visiting companies on Monday on the first day of campus placements.
The highest domestic package was of Rs. 42 lakh and highest offer from abroad was of  $250,000 (Rs 1.54 crore), the officials said.
IIT authorities have refused to disclose details about the student or the company which made the offer, saying "this brings unnecessary attention to the student."
IIT sources claimed that the 1.54 crore offer is the highest ever package received by the Kharagpur unit and among the largest ever in all IITs.
The highest number of offers (24) was made by niche analytics consulting company EXL Service Pvt Ltd due to growth induced demand, followed by international brands like Visa, Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse, Cisco, Microsoft IDC.
Analytics, IT and Finance are leading so far.
The first time visitors - Parthenon, TSMC , BMGI, VISA, Baker Hughes, and Auctus Advisors - gave an encouraging response and offered large number of positions to IIT Kharagpur talents.
Professor Sudhirkumar Barai, Chairman of Career Development Center, IIT-Kharagpur, said from this year onwards special emphasis will be given to boost the confidence of the graduating students with the help of corporate workshops, case study contests, alumni mentorship session, assessment tests and soft skill training.
"The preparation has shown an impressive success in terms of day one placement this year at IIT Kharagpur. Further, there has been renewed realisation in Indian industry for highly qualified engineering professionals in Quality Engineering, Product Design and Manufacturing. IIT Kharagpur has been quick to identify this need and accordingly have initiated a programme in this field," Barai said. The total offers received so far stands at 251, which includes 88 pre-placement offers.

Oppn demands Jyoti s ouster over controversial speech  minister offers apologyComments
Minister of state for food processing industries Niranjan Jyoti Tuesday tendered an apology in Parliament for using abusive language at an election campaign in Delhi but failed to douse the opposition fire even as the Bharatiya Janata Party Tuesday said the issue should not be stretched.
Minister of state for food processing industries Niranjan Jyoti used expletives while campaigning for the BJP in Delhi. (HT File Photo)
On Monday, Jyoti had said people of Delhi must decide if they wanted a government of Ramzaadon (followers of Ram) or a government of those who are illegitimate.
Union minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said in Rajya Sabha the government did not support Jyoti's remark, but he also asked the Opposition to "maintain decorum."
Naqvi said those in the government and the opposition should use dignified language and in the past UPA ministers too had crossed the line many times.
As Rajya Sabha session was adjourned for a third time, finance minister Arun Jaitley said Jyoti's comments were "improper and unacceptable".
He said since the minister had apologised and withdrawn her statement, "what happens outside isn't within domain of this House".
But BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra seemed to be defending her by saying it was a "slip of tongue" and the issue should not be politicised.
The saffron party also hit out at Congress, saying several of its leaders too have made objectionable remarks in the past.
"But have they ever been asked to resign? When did Congress sack them from the party? And they are called experienced leaders while Sadhvi Niranjan has become MP for the first time," UP BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpai said.
According to reports, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has asked party MPs to abstain from addressing the nation and also condemned the comments made by Jyoti.
Modi asked the MPs to avoid making uncalled for statements at the parliamentary board meeting held ahead of Parliament session on Tuesday.
Opposition demands resignation
The issue rocked both the Houses as agitated opposition MPs disrupted proceedings, seeking an explanation from the Prime Minister and demanding an apology from Jyoti, who joined the Narendra Modi's cabinet early last month.
The remarks drew the ire of Opposition which protested in Parliament following which Jyoti expressed "deep regret" and apologised for her actions saying she did not intend to hurt anyone's feelings.
"My intention was not to hurt anyone. If my speech outside the House has hurt anyone, I express my deep regrets," Jyoti said in Lok Sabha.
She said if certain words spoken by her outside the House have hurt someone, she is ready to take back her words and offer regrets. She also said she is ready to seek an apology.
The Opposition, however, refused to accept her apology and said she must resign or should be removed from her post.
Drama in House
As soon as Lok Sabha met for the day, Mallikarjun Kharge, leader of the Congress, took up the issue with Speaker Sumitra Mahajan.
Kharge said the "objectionable" language used by Jyoti had created tension at a time when there had been quite a few communal riots.
Several Congress and Trinamool Congress members, too, rushed to the Well, shouting slogans.
Both Houses saw brief adjournments over the protests, even as Mahajan cautioned all members to be mindful of their speech.
"The Prime Minister should give an explanation," Congress leader Anand Sharma said.
Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) supremo Mayawati said the minister's remarks were against the secular ethos espoused by the Constitution and do not behold a person occupying a constitutional post.
The BJP should sack her, she said.
Mayawati and CPI(M) MP Sitaram Yechury demanded that an FIR be filed against Jyoti.
The Congress alleged that Jyoti had insulted the people of Delhi and she should issue an apology while the Aam Aadmi Party said it was the BJP's real face.
"The divisive thinking and divisive politics of the BJP has been exposed," Congress leader Ambika Soni said.
Manish Sisodia of Aam Aadmi Party said, "This is the real character of BJP. Their language shows what kind of work they are doing at the Centre and what kind of work they will do for Delhi."
Members of Congress, TMC, SP and other opposition parties rushed to the Well during the uproar over her remarks leading to four adjournments in Rajya Sabha and one in Lok Sabha during pre-lunch sitting.
Later, outside Parliament, the minister was asked about demands for her resignation.
"I have apologised and I have nothing else to say," she replied.
Following the controversy, Jyoti said, "I did not take name of any particular individual, community or party. I was talking about separatist parties and leaders who think of dividing the country..."
She later clarified her statement was for those who didn't believe in Ram and unified India, adding her remarks must not be given any communal overtone.
"Those who have sold the country, made it bankrupt, people will not voter for such people. Is it a crime to talk about Ram? How can talking about Ram be communal?"
"Muslims offer namaz in mosques, we do no object. Christians pray in churches, we do not object. Then talking about Ram should not be termed as communal. And those who call me communal, I would say what could be more communal than this."
"Do you want a government of people who believe in Ram, a government that believes in people. And i would like to say one more thing, be it Hindu or a Christian in the country, he is an offspring of Ram. And those who refuse to believe this, will never believe in this country also," she said.
Jyoti is credited with helping the ruling BJP make inroads among the Dalit and backward classes in the politically crucial state of Uttar Pradesh.
She is among the six BJP MPs drafted into the party's campaign for the Delhi polls due early next year.
( With PTI inputs)

Banks not cutting rates  but not my job to tell them: RajanDec 02, 2014, 03.09 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Banks not cutting rates, but not my job to tell them: Rajan
All I am saying that even though rates have come down, the banks have not passed it on,Rajan said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Banks not cutting rates, but not my job to tell them: Rajan
All I am saying that even though rates have come down, the banks have not passed it on,Rajan said.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
If the RBI is not at all keen on cutting rates, banks are partly to blame as well. Banks have not cut lending rates even as they have trimming deposit rates due to deposit growth outpacing credit growth. Also, there has been enough liquidity in the system because of structural factors as well as RBI’s market operations.
To a query by CNBC-Awaaz during the media briefing on whether the RBI was prodding banks to cut interest rates, Rajan replied in chaste Hindi:
“Main ne unse yeh nahin kahan ki unko rates cut karne chahiye; main ne sirf yeh kaha ki woh rates nahin cut kar rahe hai (I have not told them to cut rates, I have only said that they are not cutting rates).”
The governor’s diplomatic response prompted laughter from the audience.
“It is not my job to tell the banks what to do. All I am saying that even though rates have come down, they have not passed it on,” he said.
To a previous query, Rajan had said that it was the efforts of the RBI and the government that had helped bring down yields on long term bonds by 60-70 points, reflecting lower inflationary expectations.
“So the transmission process is still not working as ...as...you know.. as significantly therefore....you know...if past fall in short term rates have not been passed through, an additional rate cut is only a mild chance (of rates being passed through). I do believe that there is a signaling effect and I do believe that once banks are confident that rates will come down and stay down, they will start passing it,” he said.
In the past, banks were shy of cutting lending rates, citing tight liquidity as the reason. With liquidity no longer being the constraining factor, RBI would have hoped that banks did their bit to take some pressure off the central bank on the interest rate front.One of the reasons for the slack credit growth is that banks are borrowers are looking to other sources of funding like commercial paper and external commercial borrowing. 
RELATED NEWS

Durgapur Steel Plant hot metal output up 8% in NovHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Durgapur Steel Plant hot metal output up 8% in Nov
Jayanta Mallick
Kolkata, Dec 2:  
Durgapur Steel Plant of SAIL has reported improved production in November.
Production of hot metal and crude steel grew six and one per cent, respectively over the corresponding month last year. Production of special steel and value-added products touched 81 per cent of the total saleable steel output during the month.
In the last eight months of this financial year, the three finishing mills -- section mill, merchant mill and wheel & axle plant have recorded a growth of 1 per cent, 4 per cent and 5 per cent, respectively.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

SanDisk introduces USB flash drive for studentsSanDisk introduces USB flash drive for students
Our Bureau
Tweet
Coimbatore, Dec 2:  
Flash storage solutions provider SanDisk has launched a new line of USB flash drive for students. These flash drives are not only colourful, but designed to look like a key-holder.
The U-Clip holder can be attached to backpacks, bags and key rings and the information stored in the drive safely protected using a password. SanDisk Cruzer U has enough capacity to hold homework, photos, music and movies, states a company release
“With the workload and carry loads of students increasing, students look for smarter ways to store their files. SanDisk Cruzer U offers a practical yet rugged design that also looks ‘cool’. Designed with students in mind, it aims to keep all information safe,” said Rajesh Gupta, Country Manager India, SanDisk Corporation.
While the student version is available in 8GB and 16GB, for those requiring more space, additional 32GB and 64GB versions are also available for general retail, Mr Gupta said.
SanDisk Cruzer U is currently available in India in 8GB to 64GB capacities at retail price of Rs 429 to Rs 2,599 respectively.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Morgan Stanley sets BSE Sensex target for Dec 2015 at 32 500Morgan Stanley sets BSE Sensex target for Dec 2015 at 32,500
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 2:  
The bullishness in the Indian stock market is likely to continue and the benchmark Sensex will reach 32,500 by December 2015, global brokerage firm Morgan Stanley has said.
According to the global financial services major, Indian equities are benefiting from the start of a new growth cycle and a benign global environment resulting in a positive shift in terms of trade and reforms, which can lift India’s potential growth rate.
“Our December 2015 BSE Sensex target is 32,500,” Morgan Stanley said in a research note and added it is overweight on sectors such as energy, consumer discretionary, financials and technology.
Stock markets have seen significant gains in 2014 and the Sensex has gained 7,268.23 points, or 34.33 per cent, so far this year.
“Sentiment is strong with support from flows and momentum — our market timing indicator suggests that the market mood is buoyant though it is yet to hit exuberant territory,” it said.
The 30-share Sensex was trading 0.41 per cent down at 28,441.16 in the afternoon after the Reserve Bank kept the key interest rates unchanged today.
“Our view is the Government’s reforms are on track and if these reforms progress well, we see an upside risk to earnings estimates,” Morgan Stanley said.
Some key initiatives that have been taken by the Centre include: efforts to make India a better place to do business, tax reforms to kick-start growth, fiscal consolidation to stem inflation, realignment of subsidies to make the economy more productive, and a boost to infrastructure spend to lift growth.
While foreign flows have been strong in the past 12 months, in the coming 12-24 months Indian markets could see a sharp rise in domestic flows into equities as explained earlier, the report said.
The report further said equities for now look less appealing against long bonds but the likely rate cuts in future could change that and could feed into equity valuations.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

3 Hong Kong protest leaders to surrender topolicePrint
Police officers clash with protesters outside government headquarters in Hong Kong Sunday, Nov. 30, 2014. Hundreds of pro-democracy protesters faced off with Hong Kong police late Sunday, stepping up their movement for genuine democratic reforms after being camped out on the city's streets for more than two months.Student protest leaders on Sunday night told a big crowd rallying at the main protest site outside government headquarters that they would escalate their campaign by surrounding the building. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Hong Kong |
Posted: December 2, 2014 3:39 pm
Three protest leaders in Hong Kong — two professors and a pastor— are calling for an end to street demonstrations to prevent violence and take the campaign for democratic reforms to a new stage.
Benny Tai Yiu-ting, Chan Kin-man and Chu Yiu-ming said they plan to surrender to police Wednesday to take responsibility for protests that have shut down parts of the Asian financial center for more than two months.
They represent only one faction of demonstrators. Most of the protesters are students.
They say their surrender also will serve as a silent denunciation of Hong Kong’s government.

Bihar govt warns to put boards of PM Modi to protest fundcrunchBy: Press Trust of India | Patna |
Posted: December 2, 2014 3:22 pm
Accusing the Centre of discriminating Bihar in allocation of fund for construction of rural roads, the state government on Tuesday threatened to put up boards of Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the proposed roads to highlight that work could not be taken up due to absence of central funds.
“The Rural Works Department will put up boards of Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the proposed roads in villages where work could not be taken up due to absence of fund from the Pradhan Mantri Grameen Sadak Yojna (PMGSY),” Rural Works Department Minister Shrawan Kumar said.
The minister said 35,000 km of rural roads would have to be built at an estimated cost of Rs 11,000 crore in the state under PMGSY scheme.
“The state had demanded Rs 4,000 crore in the 2014-15 fiscal, but got an assurance of only for Rs 2042 crore. Even this amount has been further lowered to Rs 1650 crore,” the state minister said.
While money for Bihar was being slashed, it had been increased for BJP-ruled states like Gujarat and Chhattisgarh, he alleged.
Against Rs 345 crore initially earmarked for Gujarat under PMGSY, the Centre has sanctioned Rs 400 crore.
Likewise for Chhattisgarh, the amount has been scaled up to Rs 277 crore against Rs 227 crore initially earmarked, he claimed.
Kumar, a close confidante of former Chief Minister Nitish Kumar, said if the Centre did not provide required fund to the state under PMGSY by December end, the department would start installing boards in the name of the Prime Minister from January next year on roads where work have been hampered due to absence of funds.
He said he would make a request during the coming winter session of state Assembly to allow the department special fund for hanging boards with Prime Minister’s name on such roads.
Kumar, who hails from home district of Nalanda of Nitish Kumar, made a scathing attack on the union ministers hailing from the state saying, “While they do not miss any chance to cast aspersions on Nitish Kumar without any facts, they do not open their mouth in front of Narendra Modi for release of fund for carrying development works in Bihar.”

Recruitment via social networking sites on r...Jobs
(65 per cent accessed these…)
NEW DELHI: Social and professional networking platforms are increasingly emerging as a source for hiring the right talent as well as more number of candidates by recruiters in the country, says a recent survey.
As per a survey on 'recruitment trends' by professional networking site LinkedIn, nearly 44 per cent recruiters used the social and professional networks for hiring quality talent in 2014 compared to 36 per cent in the previous year.
Besides, 65 per cent accessed these platforms for recruiting more candidates this year, as compared to 50 per cent in 2013.
"Recruiters are relying increasingly on professional networking platforms to attract and engage quality candidates, as business growth demands quality talent to be acquired quickly," LinkedIn India Director (Talent Solutions) Irfan Abdulla said.
LinkedIn survey covered over 4,125 talent acquisition leaders globally, including 300 in India across 14 industries.
The survey which also looks into recruitment trends for 2015 ranked India at the third place globally in terms of hiring passive candidates (who are currently not actively seeking a new job).
With 69 per cent companies recruiting passive talent in India, the country was behind China (83 per cent) and United States (72 per cent) on the parameter.
"As talent leaders in India are also increasingly targeting 'passive' talent or quality candidates who are not actively seeking their next job, recruiters need to devise a more intelligent hiring strategy to stay ahead of this trend," Abdulla said.
Further, the survey findings showed that at 86 per cent, Indian companies ranked fifth in recruiting students and young professionals.
Interestingly, 88 per cent of large Indian companies and 84 per cent of small Indian companies recruit students and young professionals in India, the survey said.
A majority (79 per cent) of Indian talent acquisition leaders surveyed also said that employer brand had a significant impact on their ability to hire great talent.
"How a recruiter shapes and influences a candidate's perception of the organisation as a place to work is a major task for any talent organisation or HR function," Abdulla said.
"In fact, more and more brands in India are using social professional networks to spread their employer story and build a strong employer brand," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lending  deposit rates likely to remain unc...Arundhati Bhattacharya
(Interest rates are likely…)
NEW DELHI: Interest rates, both for deposit and lending, are likely to remain static as the Reserve Bank today kept the key rate unchanged at its fifth bi-monthly monetary policy review.
"Interest rates are likely to remain unchanged," SBI Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya told PTI.
Echoing similar views Yes Bank CEO and Managing Director Rana Kapoor said: "Base rate and benchmark prime lending rate are unlikely to see any downward revision at the moment. It can happen only after policy rate moderates."
However, he said, there could be some adjustment in interest rate of deposits of long tenure over 3 years.
Some of the banks have done this and some more could do it based on their asset liability position, Kapoor said, adding that a few more banks can make changes in the coming days as system has ample liquidity.
According to United Bank of India Executive Director Deepak Narang , margins of banks are already under pressure due to high NPA level. "So, I don't see a cut in the interest rate at the moment," he said.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan today kept interest rate unchanged, saying that a shift in stance is 'premature' but hinted that a cut may come early next year if inflation continues to ease and government acts on the fiscal side.
Accordingly, the repo rate continues to be at 8 per cent while the cash reserve ratio has also been retained at 4 per cent despite inflation based on the Wholesale Price Index coming down to a 5-year low of 1.77 per cent in October.
The low inflation is not because of structural changes in the domestic economy but due to fall in international prices of crude, which has declined to a historical low, said Shashwat Sharma, Partner - Financial services , KPMG India.
"Therefore, we understand and appreciate the RBI's stance on no cut in interest rates and look forward to structural changes by the government in the domestic economy," he added.
However, RBI has clearly opened the window for rate cuts to begin in the next review in February 2015 or possibly earlier, Kapoor said.
"I see space for monetary accommodation to the tune of close to 100 basis point cut over the course of next 12 months in 2015-16," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

30 years after  a relook at the Bhopal gas tragedy30 years after  a relook at the bhopal gas tragedy
Lebanon detains wife  daughter of Islamic State leader al-BaghdadiIS chief Baghdadi's wife ,son held in Lebanon
Reuters
print
Lebanese authorities have detained a wife and son of the leader of the Islamic State group, and she is being questioned, two senior Lebanese officials said Tuesday.
A military official said the woman and her son were detained about 10 days ago while carrying fake identification cards.
Both officials refused to give further details about the woman who is believed to be one of the wives of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the group's reclusive leader. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity in line with regulations.
The military official said the woman is a Syrian citizen and is being questioned by authorities. The officials refused to give details about the son.
The Lebanese daily As-Safir was the first to break the news, saying they were detained near a border crossing point with Syria. It added that the arrest was in "coordination with foreign intelligence agencies."
A man purported to be the leader of the Islamic State, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. (Reuters photo)
 
Very little is known about al-Baghdadi's personal life, including how many wives and children he has. Conservative interpretations of Islam allow for a man to marry up to four wives.
Al-Baghdadi's first wife is believed to be Iraqi citizen Suja al-Dulaimi, who was reportedly held by Syrian authorities and freed in a prisoner exchange with al-Qaida's branch in Syria earlier this year. In March, the Nusra Front freed more than a dozen Greek Orthodox nuns, ending their four-month captivity in exchange for Syrian authorities releasing dozens of female prisoners.
 

Wife  son of Islamic State leader detained inLebanonBy: Associated Press | Beirut |
Posted: December 2, 2014 3:56 pm | Updated: December 3, 2014 3:58 pm
Two senior Lebanese officials say authorities have detained a wife and son of the leader of the Islamic State group.
Read: Wife, son of Islamic State leader detained in Lebanon 
A military official says the woman and her son were detained about 10 days ago using fake identification cards.
Both officials refused to give any details about the woman who is believed to be one of the wives of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the group’s reclusive leader.
The officials spoke on condition of anonymity in line with regulations.
The military official said on Tuesday that the woman is a Syrian citizen.
The Lebanese daily As-Safir was the first to break the news, saying they were detained near a border crossing point with Syria. It added that the arrest was in “coordination with foreign intelligence agencies.”

J&K: Three militants killed in Army encounter on pollingdayBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 2, 2014 3:50 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 3:53 pm
Three militants were on Tuesday killed as army troops foiled an infiltration bid along the Line of Control (LoC) in poll-bound Kupwara district of north Kashmir, a defence spokesman said.
Army troops guarding the LoC noticed a group of militants attempting to infiltrate from across the border in Nowgam sector of Handwara early today, the spokesman said.
The militants opened heavy fire when challenged by the troops, triggering a gunbattle, he said.
Three unidentified militants were killed in the encounter, the spokesman said, adding further details are awaited as the operation was still going on.
The infiltration attempt coincided with the second-phase of polling in Jammu and Kashmir wherein a total of 18 Assembly seats, including five in Kupwara district, went to polls on Tuesday.
Last week, four militants were killed when an encounter broke out between the ultras and security forces in Arnia sector of Jammu region close to Indo-Pak border on November 27.
During the terror attack, in all 12 people were killed including five civilians and three army personnel.

Govt mulling plan for free essential drugs t...Government mulling plan for free essential drugs to all
PTI Dec 2, 2014, 03.48PM IST
Tags:
Health Minister
(The reason for high expenses…)
NEW DELHi: A proposal to provide essential drugs free of cost to all patients is under government's consideration in an effort to bring down out of pocket expenditure of an individual on health care, which is presently a whopping 86 per cent.
Quoting a WHO report, Health Minister J P Nadda told Rajya Sabha that out of pocket spending as part of private expenditure on health care is 86.3 per cent in India compared to 22 per cent in the US and 57 per cent in the UK.
The reason for high expenses in India is attributed to low government expenditure on health and the poor having limited access to essential drugs and diagnostics in public health services.
"Government is examining a proposal to launch free essential drugs scheme to provide essential drugs free of cost to all patients visiting public health facilities," Nadda said, replying to questions in Rajya Sabha.
He said the impact of rising health care cost has been drawing the government's attention and it has taken several steps to provide "accessible, affordable and accountable" health care facilities to people.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex ends in red | No rate cut by RBI  but uptrend intact; Sensex on track to make 36KSensex falls; RBI keeps rates unchanged
Reuters Dec 2, 2014, 04.09PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The benchmark BSE index…)
MUMBAI: Sensex and Nifty fell for a second consecutive session on Tuesday, as software services exporters declined on rupee strength and as investors booked profits after the RBI kept interest rates unchanged, although it signalled potential rate cuts by early 2015.
Infosys provisionally fell 2.2 per cent while Tata Consultancy Services ended down 1.5 per cent.
The benchmark BSE index provisionally closed 0.45 per cent lower, while the broader NSE index lost 0.36 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Radha Madhav s board meeting on December 15  2014Dec 02, 2014, 04.05 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Radha Madhav's board meeting on December 15, 2014
Radha Madhav Corporation Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on December 15, 2014, for considering the further issue of Equity shares and Warrants on preferential Basis to the Promoters and Non Promoters of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Radha Madhav's board meeting on December 15, 2014
Radha Madhav Corporation Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on December 15, 2014, for considering the further issue of Equity shares and Warrants on preferential Basis to the Promoters and Non Promoters of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Radha Madhav Corporation Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on December 15, 2014, for considering the further issue of Equity shares and Warrants on preferential Basis to the Promoters and Non Promoters of the Company.Source : BSE

SI VI Shipping Corporation s board meeting on Decemebr 10  2014Dec 02, 2014, 04.05 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
SI VI Shipping Corporation's board meeting on Decemebr 10, 2014
Si. Vi. Shipping Corporation Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on December 10, 2014, inter alia, to consider and take note, approved name change from ROC as
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SI VI Shipping Corporation's board meeting on Decemebr 10, 2014
Si. Vi. Shipping Corporation Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on December 10, 2014, inter alia, to consider and take note, approved name change from ROC as
Post your opinion here
 
Si. Vi. Shipping Corporation Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on December 10, 2014, inter alia, to consider and take note, approved name change from ROC as "Siddhi Vinayak Shipping Corporation Limited” from "Si. Vi. Shipping Corporation Limited".Source : BSE

ABB commissions world record voltage circuit breakerDec 02, 2014, 04.04 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
ABB commissions world record voltage circuit breaker
ABB has designed, manufactured, installed and commissioned a 1200-kilovolt circuit breaker the highest AC voltage level in the world.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ABB commissions world record voltage circuit breaker
ABB has designed, manufactured, installed and commissioned a 1200-kilovolt circuit breaker the highest AC voltage level in the world.
Post your opinion here
 
ABB India Ltd has informed BSE regarding a Press Release dated December 02, 2014, titled "ABB commissions world record voltage circuit breaker".Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

No rate cut by RBI but uptrend remains intact; Sensex on tract to hit 36k in 2015Hi Guest
No rate cut by RBI but uptrend remains intact; Sensex on tract to hit 36k in 2015
Expectation of rate cut by RBI in the first half of 2015 which looks almost certain will keep momentum alive for Indian markets, say experts. NEW DELHI: Expectation of rate cut by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in the first half of 2015 which looks almost ...

Rose Valley Group raised Rs 15 000 cr from investors: GovtRose Valley Group raised Rs 15 000 cr from investors: Govt
Minister s remarks rock Parliament  Rajya Sabha paralysedMinister s remarks rock Parliament  Rajya Sabha paralysed
OnePlus launches smartphone for Rs 21 999Hi Guest
OnePlus launches smartphone for Rs 21,999
At present, China is the biggest market for OnePlus, which announced its foray into India on Tuesday with the launch of its 'One' smartphone at Rs 21,999.   Bullish on the multi-billion dollar opportunity in the Indian smartphone segment, Chinese handset maker OnePlus on Tuesday said it expects India to become its biggest market in the next few months.   "In the next few months, we expect India to be our biggest market, it will overtake China," OnePlus India General Manager ...

Market reactions on RBI s policy reviewMarket reactions on RBI s policy review
BSE Sensexfalls; RBI keeps ratesunchangedHindalco Industries shares plunge on special court's orders
Markets fell for the second day with benchmark Sensex declining over 115 points today on selling in auto stocks after RBI kept interest rates unchanged for the fifth time in a row and IT shares dipped on strength in rupee.
In highly volatile trade, the 30-share BSE index fell to touch the day’s low of 28,386.46 following announcement of credit policy. However, the index recovered briefly to hit 28,576.39 on RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan’s hint of lowering rates early next year.
Participants later resorted to selling at every rise and the Sensex ended the day at 28,444.01, down 115.61 points, or 0.40 per cent. Yesterday, it had slipped 134.37 points.
On similar lines, the NSE 50-share Nifty, after swinging to and fro, settled with a loss of 31.20 points, or 0.36 per cent, at 8,524.70. Intra-day, it traded in a narrow range between 8,504.65 and 8,560.20.
“By not cutting rates, RBI has remained consistent in their policy objective of decisively bringing down inflation -and long term inflationary expectations. Lower post policy bond yields show the market feels more confident that eventually rates will be much lower,” said Arvind Sethi, MD & CEO, TATA Asset Management.
Rupee, which had breached 62-mark against dollar in previous sessions, today strengthened to 61.87 levels. This put pressure of shares IT companies, including TCS and Infosys, which earn most of their sales in the US currency.
Oil scrips also were on the sellers’ list after excise duty on petrol was hiked by Rs 2.25 per litre and by Re 1 a litre on diesel but retail pump rates won’t rise as oil firms have decided to absorb the duty change for the time being.
Over half of the 30 Sensex constituents ended with losses led by GAIL (down 2.85 per cent), M&M (2.47 per cent), HDFC (1.51 per cent) and Hero MotoCorp (1.48 per cent).
Sectorwise, BSE IT index suffered the most by losing 1.48 per cent, followed by Auto 1.05 per cent and Oil & Gas 0.66 per cent, among others.
Global cues, however, were conducive as Asian bourses ended higher and Europe was better in its opening trades.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth net Rs 12.36 crore yesterday, as per provisional data.
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty
More from indianmarkets
Stocks tumble, Rupee at 13-month low as crude crashes BSE Sensex today recorded its worst single day fall of 538.12 points in 16 months to end day's trade below 27,000...

Black money: CBDT orders probe against real estate cosBlack money: CBDT orders probe against select real estate cos
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 29, 2014  | 18:48 IST
The CBDT has ordered an Income Tax department investigation against a number of real estate developers who were recently shown by an investigative portal to be willing to accept alleged black money in property transactions.
The apex authority of the I-T department has asked its investigation units across the country to furnish to it reports of any action or probe conducted against the groups named by the portal in the past and in case such an action has not been done, the Central Board of Direct Taxes has ordered the same to be initiated.
"The CBDT has asked the investigation units of the I-T department that all these reports should reach it by the first fortnight of December," a senior official said.
The investigation done by portal Cobrapost.com included many developers from the national capital region and those from other parts of the country including Mumbai.
While releasing the transcripts and video recordings of its investigation at a press conference here, the portal said executives from these companies, including some CEOs and CMDs, were ready to accept anywhere between 10-80 per cent of the property value in black money.
These 35 real estate companies under scanner are spread across the national capital, Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Rajasthan, West Bengal, Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra and Karnataka.
While some companies had outrightly rejected the allegations that they accept black money in their property transactions, a few others had said that they have already taken action against the concerned executives.
The portal said that most of these executives expressed willingness to accept money abroad through hawala channels, including in Dubai, Bangkok, Singapore and the US.
The findings of this investigation, named 'Operation Black Ninja', have come at a time when the government is making all efforts to bring back unaccounted money stashed by Indian citizens abroad.

LPG price hike to affect only 1% of consumers: Governmentprices
Days after the price of non-subsidised cooking gas (LPG) was hiked by Rs. 16.50 per cylinder, the government on Thursday said the increase will impact less than 1 per cent of the consumers.
The price of non-subsidised LPG, which customers buy after using up their quota of 12 subsidised cylinders, was raised to Rs. 922.50 per 14.2-kg cylinder in Delhi on July 1, the first hike in six months.
“More than 99 per cent customers use less than 12 cylinders per year and thus will remain unaffected by this hike. This price increase will affect only less than 1 per cent of consumers who consume more than 12 cylinders per annum,” an official statement said in New Delhi on Thursday.
While the price of subsidised LPG cylinder remains unchanged at Rs. 414 per bottle, oil companies revise non-subsidised cooking gas rates every month in step with the cost of production.
The Iraq crisis led to oil prices hardening globally and depreciation of the rupee, making imports costlier.
Non-subsidised LPG prices had been declining since February, when the rate was cut by Rs. 107 to Rs. 1,134 per cylinder.
The price was reduced by Rs. 53.50 to Rs. 1,080.50 per cylinder in March, by Rs. 100 to Rs. 980.50 in April, by Rs. 52 in May and by Rs. 23.50 last month. The price went up by one rupee last month after freight rates were increased.
The oil ministry says the loss for state-owned oil firms on the sale of every subsidised cylinder is Rs. 449, compared with Rs. 432.71 in the previous month and Rs. 762.50 in January.
Oil marketing companies revise rates of non-subsidised domestic LPG cylinders in accordance with international prices, the statement said.

The Pope is wrong  ageing Europes ideas have life in them yetNovember 28, 2014 6:18 pm
The Pope is wrong – ageing Europe’s ideas have life in them yet
Richard Vinen
The very success of the continent accounts for a feeling of political drift, writes Richard Vinen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7b702c2a-7661-11e4-9761-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Core sector growth jumps to 4-month high of 6.3 p.c.Performance of 8 core industries.
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Output of core infrastructure industries grew 6.3 per cent in October, the highest since July. The growth rate in September was 1.9 per cent. The growth was supported by a favourable statistical effect of a low base last year. Output of the core industries had contracted 0.1 per cent in October, 2013.
Within these eight industry groups, coal scored very well with 16.2 per cent growth, though the performance came over a negative base growth of minus 3.5 per cent contraction in October, 2013.
Electricity generation grew 10.5 per cent over 1.3 per cent last year, according to the data released on Monday. Cement production declined 1 per cent. Steel grew 2.3 per cent.
Output of natural gas, refined products, cement and fertilizers shrank in October. Natural gas output growth was down minus 4.2 per cent, fertilizers minus 7 per cent and cement sector contracted minus 1 per cent.
These eight industries have a weight of 37.9 per cent in the Index of Industrial Production.
Cumulatively, in the first seven months of the current financial year from April to October, the core sector grew 4.3 per cent, only marginally higher than 4.2 per cent last year.
The leading sectors are electricity generation with 10.5 per cent growth, coal where output is up 8.5 per cent and cement whose production has grown 8.1 per cent.
Output of crude oil, natural gas, refined products and fertilisers shrank. Steel production grew 2.3 per cent.

Samsung might launch Tizen-based smartphone in India this monthSamsung might launch a Tizen smartphone on December 10 under Rs Rs 10,000.
Posted: December 1, 2014 9:56 pm | Updated: December 1, 2014 10:27 pm
South Korean electronic giant Samsung is expected to launch a smartphone, based on its new Tizen operating system, in India later this month.
According to sources, the smartphone major is expected to launch the device on December 10 in the affordable category (sub-Rs 10,000).
The company was not available for comments. Currently, only a few devices, including Samsung’s smartwatch products run on the Tizen platform.
A majority of Samsung’s mobile phones are currently powered by the Android platform, which is also the dominant OS on most smartphones across the globe.
Launched as a competitor to Android and iOS OS’, Tizen aims to address the needs of stakeholders of mobile and connected device ecosystem, including device manufacturers, mobile operators, application developers and independent software vendors (ISVs).
In June, Samsung had showcased ‘Samsung Z’, which came with a 4.8 inch HD display and 2.3 GHz Quad-core processor.
Showcased at the Tizen Developer Conference, San Francisco, the handset featured 8MP rear camera, 2.1MP front camera, 2GB RAM, 16 GB internal memory (expandable up to 64GB) and a 2,600 mAh battery.
The company had planned to make the handset available in Russia in third quarter in Russia, but the plan was scrapped.
Previously, Samsung ran ‘Bada’ OS, which did not see much success. It has since been working on merging the platform with Tizen, which is backed by chipmaker Intel Corp.
The other popular operating systems include Apple iOS, Microsoft’s Windows Phone OS and BlackBerry’s proprietary platform.

Artificial ingredients and recipe for lifeDecember 1, 2014 6:25 pm
Artificial ingredients for a primordial soup and recipe for life
Anjana Ahuja
A drug that works forever and an alien organism that is immortal, writes Anjana Ahuja
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7620137e-794b-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Halt Jerusalems descent into Dark AgesDecember 1, 2014 6:34 pm
Halt Jerusalem’s unholy descent into Dark Ages
Ghanem Nuseibeh
The city has seen worse, but today’s problems could spark global conflict, says Ghanem Nuseibeh
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d02ece34-75a2-11e4-a1a9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Regulators Investigating Child Car Seat RecallIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Special Reports: Women in Business© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3fe1f4c2-6694-11e4-8bf6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Julia Hobsbawm on the imperative of female business relationships© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3fe1f4c2-6694-11e4-8bf6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Christmas theatre shows in LondonChristmas theatre shows in London – review
Sarah Hemming
Three seasonal productions deliver mischief, music and topical gags
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5efc0d76-7944-11e4-a57d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Three seasonal productions deliver mischief  music and topical gagsChristmas theatre shows in London – review
Sarah Hemming
Three seasonal productions deliver mischief, music and topical gags
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5efc0d76-7944-11e4-a57d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Full statement: RBI keeps key rates unchanged in its bi-monthly monetary policy12
0
Mumbai: On the basis of an assessment of the current and evolving macroeconomic situation, RBI has kept the policy repo rate under the liquidity adjustment facility (LAF) unchanged at 8.0 per cent.
Monetary and Liquidity Measures
On the basis of an assessment of the current and evolving macroeconomic situation, it has been decided to:
On the basis of an assessment of the current and evolving macroeconomic situation, RBI has kept the policy repo rate under the liquidity adjustment facility (LAF) unchanged at 8.0 per cent.
#rbi #reserve bank of india #repo rate #cash reserve ratio
keep the policy repo rate under the liquidity adjustment facility (LAF) unchanged at 8.0 per cent;
keep the cash reserve ratio (CRR) of scheduled banks unchanged at 4.0 per cent of net demand and time liabilities (NDTL);
continue to provide liquidity under overnight repos at 0.25 per cent of bank-wise NDTL at the LAF repo rate and liquidity under 7-day and 14-day term repos of up to 0.75 per cent of NDTL of the banking system through auctions; and
continue with daily one-day term repos and reverse repos to smooth liquidity.
Consequently, the reverse repo rate under the LAF will remain unchanged at 7.0 per cent, and the marginal standing facility (MSF) rate and the Bank Rate at 9.0 per cent.
Assessment of the Global Economy
2. Since the fourth bi-monthly monetary policy statement of September 2014, the global economy has slowed, though the recent sharp fall in crude prices will have a net positive impact on global growth. The recovery in the United States is broadening on the back of stronger domestic consumption, rising investment and industrial activity. In the Euro area, headwinds from recessionary forces continue to weaken industrial production and investment sentiment. In Japan, growth may be picking up again on the back of stronger exports, helped in part by further quantitative and qualitative easing that has led to a depreciation of the yen. In China, disappointing activity and still-low inflation have prompted rate cuts by the People's Bank of China. In other major emerging market economies (EMEs), downside risks to growth from elevated inflation, low commodity prices, deteriorating labour market conditions and stalling domestic demand have become accentuated.
3. Notwithstanding the cessation of asset purchases by the US Fed, financial markets have remained generally buoyant on abundant liquidity stemming from accommodative monetary policies in the advanced economies (AEs). The search for yield has driven global equity markets to new highs, with investors shunning gold and commodities. Capital flows to EMEs recovered from market turbulence in the first half of October, although some discrimination on the basis of fundamentals is becoming discernible.
Assessment of the Indian Economy
4. Domestic activity weakened in Q2 of 2014-15, and activity is likely to be muted in Q3 also because of a moderate kharif harvest. The deficiency in the north-east monsoon rainfall has constrained the pace of rabi sowing, except in the southern States. Despite reasonable levels of water storage in major reservoirs, the rabi crop is unlikely to compensate for the decline in kharif production earlier in the year and consequently, agricultural growth in 2014-15 is likely to be muted. This, along with a slowdown in rural wage growth, is weighing on rural consumption demand.
5. Despite the uptick in September, the growth of industrial production slumped to 1.1 per cent in Q2 with negative momentum in September, unable to sustain the improvement recorded in the preceding quarter. The persisting contraction in the production of both capital goods and consumer goods in Q2 reflected weak aggregate domestic demand. However, more recent readings of core sector activity, automobile sales and purchasing managers' indices suggest improvement in likely activity. Exports have buffered the slowdown in industrial activity in Q2 but, going forward, require support from partner country growth.
6. In the services sector, the October's purchasing managers' survey indicates deceleration in new business. In contrast, tourist arrivals and domestic and international cargo movements have shown improvement. Thus, various constituents of the services sector are emitting mixed signals.
7. A rise in investment is critical for a sustained pick-up in overall economic activity. While low capacity utilisation in some sectors is a dampener, the recent strong improvement in business confidence and in investment intentions should help. In this context, the still slow pace of reviving stalled projects, despite government efforts, warrants policy priority, even as ongoing efforts to ease stress in the financial system unlock resources for financing the envisaged investment push.
8. The fiscal outlook should brighten because of the fall in crude prices, but weak tax revenue growth and the slow pace of disinvestment suggest some uncertainty about the likely achievement of fiscal targets, and the quality of eventual fiscal adjustment. The government, however, appears determined to stay on course.
9. Retail inflation, as measured by the consumer price index (CPI), has decelerated sharply since the fourth bi-monthly statement of September. This reflects, to some extent, transitory factors such as favourable base effects and the usual softening of fruits and vegetable prices that occurs at this time of the year. On the other hand, protein-rich items such as milk and pulses continue to experience upside pressures, reflecting structural mismatches in supply and demand. The absence of adequate administered price revisions in inputs like electricity has contributed to the easing of inflation in the fuel group.
10. In the non-food non-fuel category, inflation eased broadly in September. Further softening of international crude prices in October eased price pressures in transport and communication. However, upside pressures persist in respect of prices of clothing and bedding, housing and other miscellaneous services, resulting in non-food non-fuel inflation for October remaining flat at its level in the previous month, and above headline inflation. Survey-based inflationary expectations have been coming down with the fall in prices of commonly-bought items such as vegetables, but are still in the low double digits. Administered price corrections, as and when they are effected, weaker-than-anticipated agricultural production, and a possible rise in energy prices on the back of geo-political risks could alter the currently benign inflation outlook significantly.
11. Liquidity conditions have eased considerably in Q3 of 2014-15 due to structural and frictional factors, as well as the fine tuning of the liquidity adjustment framework. With deposit mobilisation outpacing credit growth and currency demand remaining subdued in relation to past trends, banks are flush with funds, leading a number of banks to reduce deposit rates. The main frictional source of liquidity has been the large release of expenditure/transfers by the government. In view of abundant liquidity, banks' recourse to the Reserve Bank for liquidity through net fixed and variable rate term and overnight repos and MSF declined from `803 billion, on average, in Q1 to `706 billion in Q2 and further to `476 billion in October-November. The use of export credit refinance also declined from 52.6 per cent of the limit in Q2 to 32.6 per cent in October-November. The revised liquidity management framework introduced in September, has helped the weighted average cut-off rates in the 14-day term repo auctions as well as in the overnight variable rate repo auctions to remain close to the repo rate, and the volatility of the weighted average call rate has fallen, apart from episodes of cash build-up ahead of Diwali holidays.
12. The Reserve Bank determines the need for open market operations (OMO) based on its assessment of monetary conditions rather than on a specific view on long term yields. On an assessment of the permanent liquidity conditions, the Reserve Bank conducted OMO sales worth `401 billion during October to December so far.
13. Merchandise exports declined in October, mainly reflecting sluggish external demand conditions, but also the softening of international prices resulting in lower realisations. For the period April-October as a whole, however, export growth remained positive although the deceleration since July requires vigilance. With import growth remaining modest on account of the decline in POL imports due to falling crude prices, the trade deficit narrowed from its level a year ago. Gold imports have surged since September in volume terms, largely reflecting seasonal demand. Barring month-to-month variations, non-oil non-gold import growth has remained moderate, with anecdotal evidence of imports substituting for shortfalls in domestic production. Even as external financing requirements stay moderate, all categories of capital flows, except non-resident deposits, have been buoyant. The consequent accretion to reserves denominated in US dollars has been moderated by valuation effects resulting from the strength of the US dollar.
Policy Stance and Rationale
14. Consistent with the balance of risks set out in the fourth bi-monthly monetary policy statement of September, headline inflation has been receding steadily and current readings are below the January 2015 target of 8 per cent as well as the January 2016 target of 6 per cent. The inflation reading for November - which will become available by mid-December - is expected to show a further softening. Thereafter, however, the favourable base effect that is driving down headline inflation will likely dissipate and inflation for December (data release in mid-January) may well rise above current levels.
15. The key uncertainty is the durability of this upturn. The full outcome of the north-east monsoon will determine the intensity of price pressures relating to cereals, oilseeds and pulses, but it is reasonable to expect some firming up of these prices in view of the monsoon's performance so far and the shortfall estimated for kharif production. Risks from imported inflation appear to be retreating, given the softening of international commodity prices, especially crude, and reasonable stability in the foreign exchange market. Accordingly, the central forecast for CPI inflation is revised down to 6 per cent for March 2015.
16. Turning to the outlook for inflation in the medium-term, projections at this stage will be contingent upon expectations of a normal south-west monsoon in 2015, international crude prices broadly around current levels and no change in administered prices in the fuel group, barring electricity. Over the next 12-month period, inflation is expected to retain some momentum and hover around 6 per cent, except for seasonal movements, as the disinflation momentum works through. Accordingly, the risks to the January 2016 target of 6 per cent appear evenly balanced under the current policy stance.
17. Some easing of monetary conditions has already taken place. The weighted average call rates as well as long term yields for government and high-quality corporate issuances have moderated substantially since end-August. However, these interest rate impulses have yet to be transmitted by banks into lower lending rates. Indeed, slow bank credit growth is mirrored by increasing reliance of large corporations on commercial paper and domestic as well as external public issuances.
18. Still weak demand and the rapid pace of recent disinflation are factors supporting monetary accommodation. However, the weak transmission by banks of the recent fall in money market rates into lending rates suggests monetary policy shifts will primarily have signaling effects for a while. Nevertheless, these signaling effects are likely to be large because the Reserve Bank has repeatedly indicated that once the monetary policy stance shifts, subsequent policy actions will be consistent with the changed stance. There is still some uncertainty about the evolution of base effects in inflation, the strength of the on-going disinflationary impulses, the pace of change of the public's inflationary expectations, as well as the success of the government's efforts to hit deficit targets. A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature. However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle.
19. While activity appears to have lost some momentum in Q2, probably extending into Q3, conditions congenial for a turnaround - the softening of inflation; easing of commodity prices and input costs; comfortable liquidity conditions; and rising business confidence as well as purchasing activity - are gathering. These conditions could enable a pick-up in Q4 if coordinated policy efforts fructify in dispelling the drag on the economy emanating from structural constraints. A durable revival of investment demand continues to be held back by infrastructural constraints and lack of assured supply of key inputs, in particular coal, power, land and minerals. The success of ongoing government actions in these areas will be key to reviving growth and offsetting downside risks emanating from agriculture - in view of weaker-than-expected rabi sowing - and exports - given the sluggishness in external demand. Anticipating such success, the central estimate of projected growth for 2014-15 has been retained at 5.5 per cent, with a gradual pick-up in momentum through 2015-16 on the assumption of a normal monsoon and no adverse supply/financial shocks.
1

4 things to consider before buying a new smartphoneDec 02, 2014 at  04:54pm IST
4 things to consider before buying a new smartphone
51
2
New York: Now is a good time to get a smartphone. The latest devices hit shelves in time for the holiday shopping season, and there's likely to be a lull in new releases until next spring.
So why wait?
Here are some things to consider before hitting stores. If you're upgrading from an older model, you can skip the first part aimed at first-time smartphone buyers.
Heavy users might even consider paying more for additional storage. Phones fill up quickly with photos and video and downloaded music. ( Man using a smartphone , via Shutterstock)
#smartphones #android #ios #iphone
Do you need a smartphone?
Maybe you've been doing fine with just a basic cellphone, but many people who get smartphones discover things they never thought they could do. You can install a museum's app to get a map or learn about the current exhibits, or you can catch up on e-books with a reading app. You can also check email and Facebook more easily and take great pictures and quickly share them.
But you'll pay more - not just for the device. Monthly fees for voice, text and data tend to be higher compared with basic phone plans.
Which system should you pick?
This is the most important decision because it will influence your future smartphones. It's not easy to switch once you have all your apps, contacts and favorites on one system.
With Apple's iOS, you can choose between a variety of iPhone models - ranging from the giant iPhone 6 Plus to the older and smaller iPhone 5s and 5c. The iPhone 6 is a good choice in between and comes with all the bells and whistles, including a chip to make payments in stores that accept Apple Pay. Phones running Google's Android operating system include even more choices from several manufacturers, including Samsung, LG, Motorola, ZTE and Sony.
Android is more flexible in the sense that phone makers can customize it to their liking, and app developers have more say in what they write for Android phones. That flexibility has led to a free-for-all environment, though. Settings and features vary so much from phone to phone that it's tough to ask a friend or look online for help. And some Android apps won't work with all phones.
Because Android gets too fragmented many app developers work with iOS first. Apple is the only company that makes iOS phones, and it must approve what goes into its app store. That helps ensure quality, but it means trusting Apple to make those choices for you. One advantage of iOS is that iPhones work well with other Apple devices, including iPads and Mac computers. Android can't pull that off because the hardware and the software aren't as tightly integrated.
There are several other systems vying for third place. Microsoft's Windows is the most promising, after BlackBerry tumbled from pioneer to also-ran. Windows is a good system, but it has fewer apps.
How should you pay for it?
You used to simply pay $200 for the best phone, and the phone company covered the remaining $450 or so, making up for it in higher service fees over the life of your two-year contract. Lately, phone companies have been trying to wean customers off subsidies by having customers bring used phones or pay full prices in installments. With T-Mobile, that's the only option. In return, you pay less in monthly service fees.
If you forgo subsidies, you generally come out ahead if you sign up for a larger data plan - 10 gigabytes or more with AT&T and Verizon and 20 gigabytes or more with Sprint. The monthly discounts aren't as big with smaller data plans, so you're giving up more in subsidies than you get in discounts. But the installment plans have other advantages, including the ability to trade your phone in for a newer model before the typical two-year contract is up.
You can buy phones through your wireless carrier or go to a retailer such as Best Buy or Wal-Mart. You can also find phones on eBay and Amazon. Check with your carrier first to make sure it'll work, as networks in the US vary.
How much should you pay?
It might be tempting to spend a lot for the latest iPhone or Samsung Galaxy phone, but you should ask yourself whether you need all that power. This is especially so if you are paying full price. (If you're getting a subsidized phone with a contract, then why not make the phone company pay for the best?)
There are several phones available for $200 or less, at contract-free prices, compared with $600 to $700 for the typical high-end phone. You're typically giving up a better camera, a better screen and a faster processor. But what you get in a budget phone is often good enough for such basics as email, Facebook and even video. First-time smartphone owners will notice a huge difference over their basic phones.
Smartphone veterans might want something more, especially if the phone is their primary access to the Internet. Heavy users might even consider paying more for additional storage. Phones fill up quickly with photos and video and downloaded music.
12

Rohtak harassment case: Accused remanded till Dec 16sexual assault & rape
Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal has declared that the two brave girls would be honoured with cash awards on the occasion of Republic Day.
Soon after a shocking video of two young sisters fighting off men who harassed them on a Haryana Roadways bus and showing most of the co-passengers remaining mute witness to the violence went viral on the social media, the Haryana Police swung into action and arrested the three youth.
They have since been remanded to judicial custody till December 6.
The episode, which brought alive the memories of the Nirbhaya gangrape case has not only highlighted the lack of security for women in Haryana, but also how men, including even government officials turn a blind eye to hooliganism in the State.
Meanwhile Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal has declared that the two brave girls, who had fought off their tormenters, would be honoured with cash awards on the occasion of Republic Day.
The incident had taken place on Saturday while the two sisters, Arti Kumar (22) and her sister, Puja, 19, were on their way from Rohtak to Sonepat. Three youth – later identified as Deepak, Mohit and Kuldeep of Asan village – were also travelling by the same bus. First they passed lewd comments and made obscene gestures at the girls, but the remained silent.
However, later when the trio tried to misbehave with a pregnant woman, the girls put up a stiff resistance and fought with them. Even as the men continued to misbehave with them, the girls held on to their collars and one of them even beat the boys up with a belt. But with neither the bus driver, conductor or the co-passengers, barring a few, coming to their help, the girls were finally thrown out of the bus by the culprits. During the course of the incident, many of the co-passengers were in fact seen dissuading the girls from lodging a complaint with the police. They also forced the two girls and the three culprits to get off the bus.
The incident was, however, recorded by the pregnant woman and this proved to be the undoing as it went viral on the social media on Sunday evening, stirring the police into action.
Rohtak SSP Shashank Anand said the accused men were arrested on Sunday evening.
A statement by the Haryana Government said both the girls had shown indomitable courage and bravery by opposing the misdemeanour of three youth who tried to molest them in a moving bus of Haryana Roadways at Rohtak. The government has also placed under suspension the drive and conductor of the bus for dereliction of duty.
Meanwhile, the Director General of Police and the head of the Transport Department have been directed to take effective steps for ensuring the safety and security of passengers especially women travelling in the Haryana Roadways buses.
The recording had also shown how the two girls, both students of Bachelors in Computer Application, were made to forcibly alight from the bus. But the pregnant woman also got off at the next stop and then accompanied the girls to the Sadar police station where police registered a case and the recording of the incident has been preserved.
Talking about the incident, young Puja said such men, who normally threaten girls with violence or rape, are actually weak. “A woman’s rape starts the moment she withstands the dirty looks of such men. If you hit back hard, then only you can survive, otherwise if you yield to their advances then rape is imminent.”
Her father, Rajesh Kumar, expressed hope that the bravery shown by his daughters would encourage other girls too to not give in to the advances of wayward men.

Govt will review gold import norms  says RajanRaghuram Rajan says govt will review gold import policies
Suvashree Dey Choudhury     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 13:44 IST
Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan (Photo: Reuters)
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan said the decision to scrap a rule mandating traders to export 20 per cent of all gold imported into the country was a "reasonable" one and the government will review its gold import policies.
The RBI held interest rates steady as widely expected at its policy review on Tuesday, but said it could cut interest rates by early 2015 depending on whether inflation eases further and on fiscal developments.
"The government decided that it was probably best at this point to scrap the rule and it has been scrapped," Rajan said during a media interaction post policy.
"Of course, there are now further requests to change the duty structure that the government will review in its own good time and decide... I think the decision is reasonable and let us see how it plays out," the central bank Governor said.
Rajan also clarified that RBI's forward positions in foreign currency is "one reason" for conducting open market bond sales.
The central bank added a net US $1.79 billion of up to one-year forwards in October, lower than the US $2.6 billion added in September, according to Reuters calculations based on data from RBI's website.
(Reuters)

Law will take its own course: Jaitley on Niranjan JyotiHockey India suspends playing ties with Pakistan
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Haven t become CM to sit on files: Devendra FadnavisBy: Press Trust of India | Thane |
Posted: December 2, 2014 2:33 pm
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devnendra Fadnavis has said he has not become the chief minister to sit on files but for speedy execution of works.
“I have not become chief minister to sit on files like those in the previous government but to clear them speedily,” Fadnavis said presiding over ‘Agri Mahotsav’ held at Dombivili on Monday.
This was Fadnavis’s first visit to Thane after he took charge of the office last month.
“The previous government has left a lot of work for me which I am expected to clear. CM office receives on an average 300 files and 2,000 memorandum from citizens across the state.
Most of the files are cleared on the same day and which need opinion, are sent to departments concerned,” he said.
Fadnavis also paid rich tributes to people of Koli and Agri community (into fishing and agriculture) and said that their contribution towards the development of the state was noteworthy.
He said that the Koli-Agri community should be preserved and their culture should be promoted.
Referring to demands of people for both communities, Fadnavis said that he will soon take a decision and resolve the long pending issues of the citizens.
Issues pertaining to the Koli-Agri community like plot for reserved for education institutes, waste disposal facility, better health facility etc were put before the chief minister.
Fadnavis said that issues will be taken up and resolved within one month.

Imran Khan alters countrywide  shut down  plan after criticismBy: Press Trust of India | Islamabad |
Posted: December 2, 2014 3:00 pm
Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaaf chief Imran Khan has altered his plan to “shut down” the country on December 16, after being criticised as the protest date coincided with the formal surrender of the army in Bangladesh.
Khan, who has been protesting since mid-August, had threatened to paralyze Pakistan on December 16 if Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif failed to initiate an impartial probe into the alleged rigging in 2013 general elections.
His decision drew flake from different circles as the date of protest coincided with the formal surrender of the army in Dhaka leading to creation of Bangladesh in 1971.
There was also widespread criticism to shut down the country and the major trade organizations refused to become a  part of the plan as it would cause a huge financial loss.
Arif Alvi, a senior party, said the party had in-depth talks over the protest plan on Monday at the residence of Khan in suburbs of Islamabad.
He said that the dates of shut down have been slightly changed and now the grand protest being called as shut down would be held on December 18.
Also the party has changed its original plan for protest in Lahore from December 4 to 15. The protests in Faisalabad and Karachi would be held according to the original plan on December 8 and 12 respectively.
There are reports that the party was trying to change the mode of protest as it was evident that it cannot enforce a shutdown.
The government on its part has decided to hold talks with Khan to formulate a mechanism for addressing his concerns.
The decision was taken after opposition leader Khursheed Shah met Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Monday.
On the issue of rigging, Sharif has also written to the Supreme Court to appoint a commission to determine whether organized rigging was staged in the 2013 polls as blamed by Imran.

Shipping stocks surge on PM Jal Marg Yojna PlanDec 02, 2014, 02.34 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Shipping stocks surge on PM Jal Marg Yojna Plan
Shipping stocks were rose sharply Tuesday, a day after road, highways and shipping minister Nitin Gadkari said the government had decided to launch PM Jal Marg Yojna, in a bid to boost water transport in the country.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Shipping stocks surge on PM Jal Marg Yojna Plan
Shipping stocks were rose sharply Tuesday, a day after road, highways and shipping minister Nitin Gadkari said the government had decided to launch PM Jal Marg Yojna, in a bid to boost water transport in the country.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shipping stocks were rose sharply Tuesday, a day after road, highways and shipping minister Nitin Gadkari said the government had decided to launch PM Jal Marg Yojna, in a bid to boost water transport in the country.
"Ninety percent of the Exim (export-import) cargo in India is transported through ships but the contribution of domestic cargo in it is only 10 percent,” PTI quoted the minister as saying. “In a bid to boost water transport, we have requested the Prime Minister to launch PM Jal Marg Yojna, which will change the face of India.”
Gadkari made the statement in Rajya Sabha yesterday, and added the government was looking to set up dry and satellite ports in the country as well convert riverways into waterways.
Shipping stocks such as SKS Logistics , Mercator , Varun Shipping  and BharatiShipyard  rose 3.8 percent to 5 percent in trade today.
Even as water transport is the cheapest – as well as most ecologically-sensitive – mode of transport, it has only a miniscule amount of share in the overall transport arena in India, which is dominated by roads and railway.
“We give subsidy to the polluting roadways and impose surcharges on the non-polluting water transport…developing the waterways is our top priority…it will revolutionise [transport],” Gadkari had recently said, adding that the sector could contribute as much as 2 percent to India’s GDP.
The BJP in its election manifesto had said it would launch an integrated public transport project, which would include roadways, railways and waterways, and that it would look to “develop waterways for passenger and cargo transport”.
RELATED NEWS

RBI to offer more flexibility to banks in debt restructuringRBI to offer more flexibility to banks in debt restructuring
BS Reporter | Kolkata Dec 03, 2014 12:45 AM IST
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will offer more flexibility to banks while restructuring corporate loans, its governor, Raghuram Rajan said on Tuesday.
The central bank will permit the use of 5-25 rule for loan restructuring of existing projects, which are classified as standard assets. In the 5-25 structure, a bank could fix longer amortisation period (about 25 years) for loans to projects in infrastructure and core industry sectors, with periodic refinancing (say every five years). Such restructuring would enable loan repayment to be co-terminus with cash flows from the projects. It would also improve debt-servicing capacity and viability of the operational projects.
"There is substantial stress in some sectors. We have been taking a holistic view, instead of a sector by sector view keeping in mind the need for flexibility in financial restructuring while limiting the extent of forbearance. In the next few days, I hope to be able to announce two key relaxations — one is a move towards 5:25 restructuring for existing projects, which are standard and also to allow banks to take equity in restructurings to a great extent than they currently can," Rajan told reporters in Mumbai.
Currently, banks are allowed to take maximum 10 per cent equity in a restructured project.
"This (taking more than 10 per cent equity) was the case before May, 2013. So, we are reverting to an older policy. The key issue is the price. That was the concern then and that is what we are discussing with SEBI (Securities and Exchange Board of India) as of now. The key issue is to ensure that the transaction is done at a fair price so that banks are not over paying and minority shareholders don't get a raw deal," Rajan said.
He added that banks have been demanding for this relaxation as it will benefit the lenders once a project is back on track. But it is not necessary that banks will always want to take more than 10 per cent equity stake . Such decisions will be made after assessing the viability of the project.
Bankers said both the relaxations will benefit lenders as project viability will improve.
"Both of these are very positive for banks. I really don't understand why a project, if it is new, should be given the advantage of repaying over a longer period of time whereas the existing project should not be given the same facility. Both should be on the same level platform. So, it will be good for banks as we would be able to refinance many of the loans where projects are working and cash flows are seen,” Arundhati Bhattacharya, chairperson of State Bank of India (SBI), said.
"In respect of conversion of debt to equity, this is required in respect of those projects where we are sure of the viability and where banks can actually have a piece of the upside when the projects turnaround. Also, this will improve viability," she added.

4 new launches to boost mkt share to 22%: Bajaj AutoIf one looks at the numbers over the last 4 months ever since we launched the upgraded Pulsar, I would not call them the new Pulsars, the upgraded Pulsars, we have actually gained share.
Rajiv Bajaj
MD
Bajaj Auto
After having reported a six percent decline in motorcycle sales at 2,61,94 units in November 2014, Rajiv Bajaj, managing director,  Bajaj Auto says the company is poised to reach a market share of 20-22 percent on the back of four new launches the company has lined-up between January to April 2015.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Bajaj says the company’s inventory level currently stands at 4-5 weeks and it will meet its 4 lakh unit sales target by the fiscal-end.
On the sales- front Bajaj says the industry’s retail sales are down 20 percent year-on-year as are the company’s. he says the industry has overbilled significantly in November while the company underbilled salightly as December is the company’s weakest month of the year.
The total vehicle sales of the company during last month stood at 3,09,259 units, marginally down by 0.42 percent, against 3,10,591 units in the same month a year ago, the statement added.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Rajiv Bajaj’s interview with CNBC-TV18's Menaka Doshi, Sonia Shenoy and Senthil Chengalvarayan.
Menaka: What would you diagnose as the reason for why your domestic sales have been poor, your market share has been slipping?
A: We have to look at the numbers a little carefully to understand what they are saying. Let me start with the industry and then I will come to Bajaj. If you go back two or three years there is an year when you had both Dussehra and Diwali in the same month of October and when you go on to the next month in November sales fall by about 40 percent at the retail level when you go from a big October into the subsequent November.
This year also we had Dussehra and Diwali in the month of October and the industry retail for the month of October was about 13.8 lakh motorcycle. If we were to apply the same factor of about 40 percent this retail should have been close to 8 lakh units in November, however, actual retail is about 7 lakh. So that is the first situation that at the retail level in November motorcycle sales are only about 7 lakh units. Of that Bajaj Auto’s retail is about 130,000 which forms the sale of 18.5 percent market share that we recorded at the retail level in the month of October. So, that is the first point I would like to make that there is an industry situation and this performance of Bajaj Auto is no different.
The second issue is which is relying more on the recent data which is a month to month change. If you were to look at industry billing now for the month of October it was at about 890,000 units or so whereas in this month it is about 850,000 units. I am comparing November last year with November this year.
November last year had Diwali, November this year did not have a Diwali because that was over on 23rd October. It sounds absurd to me that an industry that does about 890,000 motorcycles in November last year does as much as 850,000 in November this year. it makes no sense in the absence of Diwali. The industry cannot be down only three percent November to November. The industry is actually down 20 percent November to November.
Menaka: What is this then, inventory building is it?
A: This is huge inventory build up. In other words now, let’s talk about the short story. The story is while industry has built 852,000 motorcycles to be precise in November 2014 the actual retail is only 700,000 which means the industry has built up a stock of 152,000 motorcycles.
Now in our case the retail has actually been a shade better than billing. That is why at a retail level although we hold our 18.6-18.7 percent market share at a billing level it will look closer to 15 percent and that is what perhaps makes you say that Bajaj’s sales are slumpy and Bajaj is doing worse than the industry.
Menaka: What you are saying is that everybody else is in fact misrepresenting their sales numbers?
A: There is no misrepresentation at all. Billing is a very real number of primary sales from the manufacturer to the dealers. If you were to look at for example Bajajs\\' market share on a billing basis in the month of October it was 20.5 percent but at a retail level it was still 18.5 percent. This is bound to happen that if we try to track two things too closely from month to month you will find this kind of variation because your market share depends not just on yourself but what your competition is also billing or not billing.
Menaka: If I have understood you correctly, in a sense you are saying that your retail sales are higher than your billing. So, why is that for other manufacturers dealers are keen on inventory stocking a little bit more than they are keen on inventory stocking your brand?
A: I don’t know what the psyche of competitor dealers is but as a company we would not like stock up dealers at the end of November knowing well that December is the weakest month of the year and we don’t want dealers lumped with stocks of products made this year which have to be sold next year. What the compulsions are for the competition to stock up dealerships and whether they are planning to liquidate that in December through a promotion or a scheme that would be all very speculative on my part to comment on.
Menaka: You would have some idea, right? I come back to the question about falling market share, I know you have pointed out through the numbers that you have just laid out before us that in fact your market share has stayed around that 18 percent mark which is lower than the 24 percent that it was not a very long time ago. The reason why I keep coming back to this is, are you seeing decline in preference for your brand? Is for some reason Bajaj missing the excitement that it ought to have?
A: I would not say so. In previous months when I spoke I had made the point that we started this financial year with 20 percent market share. In July and August if you were to look at industry data from SIAM, our market share fell to a low of about 15 percent – the lowest in recent times. Thanks to the launch of Discover 150 in July and the performance after that we are up now to about 18.5 percent consistently for the last two months.
I have said previously that between January and April we have four launches in virtually every segment, four new products over four months. We hope to be back to about 22-23 percent market share by March-April. So, I think we are very much on course for that. The story for November is that every manufacturer’s market share is pretty much intact. Nobody has really gained at anybody's expense. However, the industry should have recorded 800000-820000 motorcycles has recorded only 700000 that is the issue.
Menaka: How are you assessing demand in the market right now? The reason I ask this is because actually to be fair across the auto industry the numbers over the last few months have been confusing. We have seen some upsurge over a few months. Then the last couple of months were not very good and now back again exports has been the big play for many companies. So how are you assessing demand at this point of time?
A: From our point of view two-three things are happening. One, as you said yourself, exports has been outstanding. In fact in November again we had the highest level of exports for Bajaj in any November, so that has been good.
In terms of the domestic marketplace let me comment on the commercial vehicles or the three wheelers. For us it has been good because the recent months this fiscal have been witness to the release of a lot of permit and since we are stronger when it comes to the smaller three wheeler segment i.e. greatly influenced by permits. So, again we have done very well on that front and that is why even in November we sold a total of about 47,000 three wheelers.
As far as motorcycles are concerned what I am seeing is two phenomena, one is the expansion of the premium segment which is good news for us because that is where we are strongest with the Pulsar with about 45 percent share and we can see that in recent months that segment has moved up from being about 14 percent of the industry to being about 17-18 percent of the industry.
So that is a very good sign whether it is driven by sentiment or some rationality I don’t know yet. The second phenomena we are seeing is also a bit of down trading from the mid segment where consumers are moving to cheaper 100 CC motorcycles partly driven by aggressive promotions from manufacturers including new product launches. So, really the middle is shrinking, the bottom segment is growing a bit and so is the sports segment.
Sonia: The other players in the segment are getting very aggressive. So for example Honda has launched a new 160CC Unicorn in the premium segment. Do you fear that even though the segment in itself is expanding Bajaj’s own Pulsar brand could be under threat and that 45 percent market share could be under threat?
A: I have to say yes and no. I have to say yes because when you have 45 percent share of a segment which is almost 2 million motorcycles a year and disproportionately profitable obviously everybody is going to try and take something away from you. Having said that if you look at the numbers over the last four months ever since we launched the upgraded Pulsar, I would not call them the new Pulsars, the upgraded Pulsars, we have actually gained shares. We were at about 42 percent and we are closer to about 46 percent now.
In October it was 50 percent but that might be an aberration. So, the reality is that we have actually a clean share in a growing segment. Secondly, I would make these points. One, which we have learnt the hard way, you don’t ever win with a better product; you only win with a different product. No 160CC or 150CC or 180CC motorcycle is going to take anything away from a Pulsar because Pulsar covers the space from 150CC to 250CC and by growing into something that is a little better nobody has ever won market share.
The second comment I would make and the last one on this issue is that we ourselves, as I told you the last time, have some big launches for the Pulsar. The bigger motorcycle that we showed at the auto expo and those are due for March and April as I was just telling. So, I would like to believe that we can at least hold on to this 45 percent market share that we have reached now.
Sonia: You have been telling us for the past three to six months that other peers have been overbilling in this market. Hand on heart how can Hero be putting so much stock in the market without actual demand being there?
A: Assuming that somebody from Hero or HMSI is listening in, let me clarify I am not accusing anyone of overbilling. All I am saying is some manufacturers bill more than retail in one month, some manufacturers do it in the other month. For Hero as I understand, they are better placed to answer this question, they had a very good October in terms of retail and I am sure that they have shed 100000 or 200000 of their stock that was accumulated in that month. So, October was obviously a big month for them. If the industry was 13.76 lets say 14 lakh and Hero is half the industry they must have retailed 700000 motorcycles and probably billed 550000. So, all they are doing in that sense is putting back that stock in the month of November. That is why I said in Bajajs' case for example our billing based market share which showed 20.5 percent in October was probably 18.5 percent and that which looks like 15 percent in this month in November is also 18.5 percent, that is all I am saying.
Sonia: Just a couple of more numbers. Can you tell me what the exact inventory levels were at the end of October for Bajaj. How much have they come down by at the end of November and also a couple of months back you have indicated that you are looking to resume that 4 lakh per month run rate by which month do you think you could get to that level again?
A: In terms of inventory we are between four and five week now. We carried somewhat higher level of inventory up until June or July but we have corrected that over July and August which is why in those two months once again our billing based market share was only 15 percent although retail was better. So we are now at four to five weeks which is absolutely perfect. It is optimum, it is not too little, it is not too more.
If we have to hit 400,000, 50,000 comes from the three wheelers. So we need 350,000 motor cycles. Typically we are doing about 140,000 motorcycles in the export market which means we need a shade over 200,000 in the domestic market and on a sustainable consistent basis irrespective of high season and low season we will get to that figure by the end of this fiscal. We will meet the launches that we have in place in January and February to cater there by March.
Bajaj Auto stock price
On December 10, 2014, Bajaj Auto closed at Rs 2493.35, down Rs 19.45, or 0.77 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 2690.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 1796.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 103.65 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 24.06. The latest book value of the company is Rs 332.04 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 7.51.
RELATED NEWS

Mid  smallcaps favoured todayMid  smallcaps favoured today
The FBI investigating hacking into Sony Pictures computersThe FBI investigating hacking into Sony Pictures computers
Why status quo by RBI disappoints India IncHi Guest
Why status quo by RBI disappoints India Inc
The industry’s demand for lower interest rates was fully justified, Assocham said. Unhappy with Reserve Bank of India's status quo policy stance, India Inc said the central bank could have been more accommodating by reducing interest rate to boost subdued economic growth. The rate cut, the industry chambers argued, could have given a positive signal to the manufacturing sector, which is undergoing difficult times. "Although there has been some improvement in core sector activity, ...

Pennar Industries receives orders worth Rs 102crDec 02, 2014, 04.02 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Pennar Industries receives orders worth Rs 102cr
Pennar Industries Ltd and its subsidiary Pennar Engineered Building Systems (PEBS Pennar) have announced receipt of orders worth Rs 102 crores.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Pennar Industries receives orders worth Rs 102cr
Pennar Industries Ltd and its subsidiary Pennar Engineered Building Systems (PEBS Pennar) have announced receipt of orders worth Rs 102 crores.
Post your opinion here
 
Pennar Industries Ltd has informed BSE regarding a Press Release dated December 02, 2014, titled "Pennar Industries and its Subsidiary receive orders worth Rs. 102 crores in the month of November".Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Pakistan Supreme Court warns of action against PM Nawaz Sharif if CEM is notappointedBy: PTI | Islamabad |
Posted: December 2, 2014 4:46 pm
Pakistan Supreme Court on Tuesday threatened to issue notices against Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and Leader of the Opposition in the National Assembly Syed Khursheed Shah if they failed to appoint a permanent Chief Election Commissioner (CEC) by its December 5 deadline.
The apex court said it would consider issuance of notices against Sharif and Shah on December 8 if a permanent CEC was not appointed by December 5.
A three-member bench of the apex court, headed by Chief Justice Nasirul Mulk, was hearing the case about the appointment of a permanent CEC.
Attorney General Salman Butt was unable to convince the court in writing that the CEC post would be filled by December 5, the Dawn reported.
Earlier yesterday, the court had directed Butt to provide assurance to the apex court by today that the appointment of a new CEC would be made before the court’s December 5 deadline expires.
Butt told the Supreme Court that sincere efforts were under way to appoint a new CEC by the Dec 5 deadline.
The court also said that its previous decision to withdraw Justice Anwar Zaheer Jamali of the apex court on December 5 from the post of CEC would remain if the government and the opposition did not honour the court’s deadline.
The hearing of the case was subsequently adjourned to December 8.
The CEC office has been vacant for over 16 months after the retirement of Fakhruddin G Ibrahim.

Hyderabad Police say misunderstanding led to B Com studentsdeathBy: Express News Service | Hyderabad |
Posted: December 2, 2014 4:34 pm
Police claim that a simple misunderstanding between two students led to a scuffle resulting in the death of one of them at the Pragati Mahavidyalaya Degree College in Sultan Bazar area last week.
K Harshvardhan Rao, a 19-year-old second year B Com student was punched in the face by his senior, Satish Reddy after Rao accosted him for allegedly teasing his female friend. When Satish, a third year student, punched him Rao fell on a bench and suffered multiple fractures on his skull and internal injuries to cerebellum resulting in his death later at a hospital.
Police arrested Satish Reddy on Monday from Kachguda Railway Station. “He is in a depression and has not talked much. He claims that on November 29, during a class break he put on his earphones and was listening to music on his mobile phone and was singing along and nodding. Harshvardhan, who was nearby thought that Satish was nodding at his female friend. He accosted him there and both hurled abuses at each other but others intervened and separated them. Later, Harshvardhan went to Satish’s classroom and accused him of eve-teasing and both of them fought there.
During the lunch break, Satish who was enraged at being insulted by a junior in front of other seniors went to Harshvardhan’s classroom and they clashed there. During the scuffle Satish punched Harshvardhan in the face and chest and he collapsed. We have interviewed other students and witnesses. It seems it was more of an ego clash resulting in the unfortunate death of a young student.
“The accused, Satish, is inconsolable and he keeps saying a junior classmate died at his hands,” Assistant Commissioner of Police R Giridhar said Tuesday. The Sultan Bazar Police has booked him for murder based on a complaint by Harshvardhan’s father K Narsing Rao. Narsing Rao told police that his son was a very responsible person and would not have picked up a fight unnecessarily. He told police that Harshvardhan, who won the best fresher student award last year, would have intervened only when Satish Reddy was teasing his female friends.
Accusing the college management of not responding to the incident, Harshvardhan’s classmates ransacked the offices and chambers of college principal and other staff on Sunday. College principal Prof T V Rao said that the incident occurred during the lunch break and none of the teachers or staff witnessed the incident and therefore, the management could not comment on it and let police handle the case. Satish Reddy has been sent to judicial custody.

J&K polls: Youth in south Kashmir villages decide not tovoteBy: Press Trust of India | Kulgam |
Posted: December 2, 2014 4:28 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 8:09 pm
Voters in Kashmir have defied the boycott call given by separatists but two villages in the south Kashmir constituency have en masse decided not to take part in the democratic process alleging discrimination in development and harassment by security forces.
Out of 4,521 eligible voters, just one vote was cast at six polling stations of Bugam and Panivah falling in Kulgam Assembly segment in the first three hours of polling.
“We do not have anything to do with the boycott call of Hurriyat Conference. It is the voice of our conscience that we should not vote as our area, which has a population of 15,000 souls, has been discriminated against in every respect during the last 18 years,” Ali Mohammad, an elderly person, said outside the Bugam polling station.
He said that nearby Balosa village was granted a new administrative unit while Bugam was “ignored”.
“Balosa has just 4,000 population. What was the criterion for giving the niabat (sub-Tehsil) to that area?” he asked.
Abdul Gaffar, a local resident, claimed that the area has been fighting for upgradation of the local middle school to high school level for the last 18 years.
“Every time we asked the authorities about the matter, they said our middle school is in the list of schools to be upgraded but every time we were ignored when the list was issued,” he said.
The youth were particularly agitated alleging that several youth were picked up by security forces early in the morning. “This harassment takes place whenever there is an election. What is the crime of the youth?” Umar, a local resident, said.
The security forces personnel deployed at these six polling stations could be seen relaxing in the winter sun.
“Our duty is to maintain law and order. It is the choice of the people whether they vote or not,” Constable Ghulam Hassan said.
The senior security officials, however, interacted with the local elders and urged them to counsel the youth not to disrupt law and order in the area.
While Bugam and Panivah remained peaceful till noon, youth in some adjoining areas – where separatist groups still wield some influence – resorted to stone-pelting on security forces. The miscreants were chased away and there was no disruption in the polling in these areas.

GSLV III to be launched in third week ofDecemberBy: Press Trust of India | Coimbatore |
Posted: December 2, 2014 4:23 pm
Having succeeded in its MARS mission, ISRO is planning for the launch of Geo-synchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle-Mark III (GSLV-Mk III) in the third week of this month, a senior official said today.
Speaking at a function “Mangal Mahotsav” to celebrate successful insertion of Mangalyan into MARS orbit, M Pitchaimani, Deputy Director, ISRO Telemetry, Tracking and Command Network (ISTRAC), Bengaluru, said through the launch of GSLV-Mk III, Indian national space agency intends to study ascent phase of the rocket as well as the recovery of a human capsule, after it lands in the sea.
The launch would also be the first step towards India’s ambitious future Human Space Flight proposal.

90 killed in 561 communal violence till October  Uttar Pradesh tops thelistBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 4:19 pm
There have been 561 incidents of communal violence in the country till October this year in which 90 people were killed and 1,688 injured, with Uttar Pradesh topping the list, Lok Sabha was informed today.
Minister of State for Home Kiren Rijiju said that in 2013, 133 people were killed and 2,269 were injured in 823 incidents of communal violence across the country.
Altogether 94 people were killed and 2,117 others injured in 668 incidents of communal violence in 2012.
Rijiju said the highest number of people, 25, were killed in Uttar Pradesh in 129 incidents of communal violence till
October 2014.
A total of 13 people were killed in 61 incidents in Rajasthan and 12 people were killed in 82 incidents of communal violence in Maharashtra this year.
Ten people were killed in 42 incidents of communal violence in Madhya Pradesh and eight people died in 59 incidents of communal violence in Gujarat this year so far.
“The incidents are reported to be attributed to religious factors, gender related disputes, alleged blasphemous portrayal of religion/ religious symbols of social media or mobile applications, dispute overs over land belonging to religious sites and other issues,” Rijiju said.

ICICI Prudential MF launches Growth Fund - Series 5Dec 02, 2014, 04.26 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
ICICI Prudential MF launches Growth Fund - Series 5
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund launches ICICI Prudential Growth Fund - Series 5, a close ended equity scheme that aims to provide capital appreciation by investing in a well diversified portfolio of equity and equity related securities.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ICICI Prudential MF launches Growth Fund - Series 5
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund launches ICICI Prudential Growth Fund - Series 5, a close ended equity scheme that aims to provide capital appreciation by investing in a well diversified portfolio of equity and equity related securities.
Post your opinion here
 
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund  has launched a new fund as ICICI Prudential Growth Fund - Series 5, a close ended equity scheme. The tenure of the scheme is 1279 days from the date of allotment.
The investment objective of the Scheme is to provide capital appreciation by investing in a well diversified portfolio of equity and equity related securities.
The New Fund Offer (NFO) opens for subscription from December 01, to December 15, 2014. The new fund offer price for the scheme is Rs 10 per unit.
The scheme offers direct plan and regular plan with dividend payout option.
The minimum application amount is Rs 5000 and in multiples of Rs 10 thereafter.
The entry load and exit load charge are not applicable for the scheme.
The scheme will invest 80% - 100% of its assets in equity & equity related instruments with medium to high risk profile and invest upto 20% of assets in debt, money market instruments and cash with low to medium risk profile. Investment in securitized debt can be upto 50% of debt allocation of the scheme.
The benchmark Index for the scheme is CNX Nifty Index. The scheme is proposed to be listed on BSE.
The scheme will be managed by Vinay Sharma and Yogesh Bhatt. The investments under ADRs / GDRs and other foreign securities will be managed by Shalya Shah.
Q

ICICI Pru MF launches Multiple Yield Fund-Series 8 Plan DDec 02, 2014, 04.26 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
ICICI Pru MF launches Multiple Yield Fund-Series 8 Plan D
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund launches ICICI Prudential Multiple Yield Fund - Series 8 - 1822 Days Plan C, a close ended income fund, with the primary objective to seek to generate returns by investing in a portfolio of fixed income securities/ debt instruments.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ICICI Pru MF launches Multiple Yield Fund-Series 8 Plan D
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund launches ICICI Prudential Multiple Yield Fund - Series 8 - 1822 Days Plan C, a close ended income fund, with the primary objective to seek to generate returns by investing in a portfolio of fixed income securities/ debt instruments.
Post your opinion here
 
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund  has launched a new fund as ICICI Prudential Multiple Yield Fund - Series 8 - 1822 Days Plan C, a close ended income fund. The tenure of the plan is 1822 days from the date of allotment of units.
The primary objective of the scheme is to seek to generate returns by investing in a portfolio of fixed income securities/ debt instruments. The secondary objective of the scheme is to generate long term capital appreciation by investing a portion of the scheme's assets in equity and equity related instruments.
The new fund offer (NFO) will open for subscription from November 28 to  December 12, 2014. The new price for the scheme is Rs 10 per unit.
The scheme offers direct and regular plan. Each plan will offer cumulative and dividend option. Dividend payout is the only facility available under dividend option.
The minimum application amount is Rs 5000 and in multiples of Rs 10 thereafter.
The entry and exit load charge are not applicable for the scheme.
The scheme will allocate 65% to 95% of assets in debt securities (including government securities) with low to medium risk profile. It would allocate upto 30% of assets in money market instruments, cash and cash equivalents with low to medium risk profile and it would allocate 5% to 35% of the asset in equity or equity related securities with medium to high risk profile. The investments in debt instruments, 75%-80% would be invested in AA rated non convertible debentures.
The benchmark index for the scheme will be CRISIL MIP Blended Index. The scheme is proposed to be listed on NSE.
The scheme will be jointly manage by Rahul Goswami and Aditya Pagaria (debt portion) equity portion will be managed by Vinay Sharma and Shalya Shah will manage investments under the ADRs/GDRs and other foreign securities.
Q

Prefer Jet Airways over SpiceJet: Kunal Saraogi02:30 pm
Kunal Saraogi of Equityrush told CNBC-TV18, "I am bullish on  Jet Airways  with the kind of move that it has shown in the recent past but I expect the stock to continue to move up at least 5 to 10 percent from the current level. However, meaningful outperformance to the Nifty is unlikely, so one should be very vary of entering into the Jet at current level."
"I like Jet more than SpiceJet . If you look at the both these stocks, chaotically definitely Jet merits a buy from a short-term perspective and I would rather avoid SpiceJet," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Russia warns of recession next year...Russia Warns Of Recession In 2015 Amid Sanctions And Low Oil Prices
 |  By                                                                      NATALIYA VASILYEVA
reddit
MOSCOW (AP) — The Russian government has acknowledged that the country will fall into recession next year, battered by the combination of Western sanctions and a plunge in the price of its oil exports.
The news caused the stock market to drop and pushed the ruble to a fresh record low against the dollar.
The economic development ministry on Tuesday revised its GDP forecast for 2015 from growth of 1.2 percent to a drop of 0.8 percent. Russian households are expected to take hit, with disposable income seen declining by 2.8 percent against the previously expected 0.4 percent growth.
Russia's economic outlook is at the mercy of the global market for oil, a key export that finances the bulk of the state budget. Sanctions over Moscow's role in eastern Ukraine are making things worse, hurting Russian banks and investment sentiment in particular.
The national currency, the ruble, has dropped by more than 40 percent this year as the economic troubles mounted. That in turn risks spawning more problems, such as a spike in inflation that would pinch consumers.
While Russia's troubles could do some economic damage to Europe, they are unlikely to have much impact on the U.S. economy, the world's largest. Russia is the 28th-biggest market for the United States, absorbing $11.1 billion worth of U.S. goods last year.
"Russia-U.S. trade is hardly large," said Eric Lascelles, chief economist at RBC Global Asset Management. "I don't think we should be worried" about the impact of a Russian recession on U.S. exports.
In fact, the U.S. is benefiting from the lower oil prices that are driving Russian toward recession, and the money being pulled out of Russia is being pumped into U.S. and European financial markets, helping to keep interest rates low, Lascelles said.
Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics, agreed, saying: "I don't think there's any direct economic impact" on the United States. However, he noted that Russian President Vladimir Putin could respond to the economic troubles by trying to divert the Russian public's attention with even more belligerent policies toward Ukraine and the West, raising tensions and perhaps rattling financial markets.
The release of the forecast on Tuesday afternoon weighed on the Russian stock market and the ruble, which fell 5.4 percent lower against the dollar, to a new all-time low of 53.97 per dollar.
Finance Minister Anton Siluanov attempted to talk up the ruble, arguing that the new forecast for Russia's economy is too gloomy. He told Russian news agency it is only "an early estimate and it is still being discussed."
Siluanov said the ruble is oversold and its current exchange rate would correlate to the oil price of $60 per barrel. The global price of oil, Brent, traded around $70 a barrel on Tuesday.
Russia's economic stability is important for the region. It is a major trading partner for Western Europe, selling raw materials and oil and gas to the West and importing consumer goods and foodstuffs. European agricultural producers reported big losses following the Kremlin's ban on some imports. A weaker economy and a weaker ruble would also mean that fewer Russians will be traveling abroad and spending their money there.
Russia's public finances may withstand some short-term turmoil — the government has a solid balance sheet, extremely low sovereign debt and sizeable reserves in foreign currencies. The economy could also improve if oil prices rebound. But the broader uncertainty over the economy created by the market volatility and sanctions is likely to weigh on the outlook.
"The real damage from the collapsing ruble and oil price is to investment and growth," said Chris Weafer, senior partner at Moscow-based Macro-Advisory, said in a note to investors.
"Russia is a non-investible country for all but the bravest of hedge fund investors right now, and will remain in this category until both the ruble and oil stabilize at minimum."
The expected rise in inflation will also hurt consumer confidence and business activity, Weafer said.
___
AP correspondent Paul Wiseman contributed from Washington.
More:

As Japan campaign opens  a look at what s at stake...and
versions
TOKYO (AP) — Hundreds of candidates fanned out across Japan on Tuesday, the first official day of campaigning for a national election that could give Prime Minister Shinzo Abe a mandate for four more years.
Abe launched his party's campaign on Tuesday in Soma, a town close to the tsunami-struck Fukushima Dai-ichi nuclear power plant. He pledged to make progress in recovering from the March 2011 tsunami and in restoring the economy.
"I promise you that we will once again see this region and all of Japan become the center of the world and shine," he said, wearing a puffy white overcoat on a blustery, sunny day. "Please give us the strength."
The leader of the largest opposition party, Banri Kaieda of the Democratic Party of Japan, asked if people were better off two years after Abe took office in December 2012.
"This election was launched to hide the failure of Abenomics," he said in Iwaki, another town near the Fukushima plant. "It has been two years now since Abe put forth his economic policy. In these two years, has it really helped the people's lives? This is the question that needs to be reflected upon when voting."
Abe dissolved the lower house of parliament on Nov. 20, forcing a snap poll on Dec. 14.
___
WHAT'S AT STAKE
The lower house, formally known as the House of Representatives, is the more powerful of the two branches of Japan's parliament. It has the final say in picking a prime minister and most legislation. The lower house had 480 members, but is being reduced to 475 in the upcoming election.
___
WHY DOES IT MATTER
Following a series of campaign finance scandals in his Cabinet, Abe is trying to stem a slide in his support while his government remains relatively popular and the opposition is in disarray. If his party wins, he won't have to call an election for four years. That could pave the way for him to pursue his goals: reforming the economy, expanding the military's role, restarting nuclear power plants and laying the groundwork for revising the constitution.
___
BUSY TIME OF YEAR
The election comes at a busy time, with end-of-year parties and individual and company gift-buying. Polls show that many voters don't see the need for an election, so turnout could be low, particularly in big cities. Community events have been canceled nationwide, and Japan's national broadcaster, NHK, has put off the final episode of a prime-time drama. A 28-year-old election official in Tokyo reportedly canceled his wedding.
___
WHO'S GOING TO WIN
Abe's ruling coalition is expected to retain a majority, though it could lose a chunk of seats. Abe's Liberal Democratic Party held 295 seats, and its coalition partner Komeito another 31, giving the coalition an overwhelming majority of 326 of the 480 seats in the recently dissolved lower house. Polls put the Liberal Democrats well in the lead, though many voters say they are still undecided.

Iraqi and Kurdish governments agree to oil deal...Iraq Reaches Major Oil Deal With Kurds
 |  By                                                                      VIVIAN SALAMA
Updated:
12/02/2014  1:59 pm EST
In this May 31, 2009 file photo, an employee works at the Tawke oil fields in the semiautonomous Kurdish region in northern Iraq. (AP Photo/Hadi Mizban, File) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
BAGHDAD (AP) — The Iraqi government on Tuesday reached a deal with the Kurdish local authorities in the country's north to exchange oil from the autonomous region for a nearly 20 percent share of the national budget, officials said.
The deal resolves a months-long impasse that had undermined national unity amid the fight against the Islamic State group — a battle in which Iraqi soldiers and Kurdish peshmerga troops have joined forces against the Sunni extremists.
In Washington, the State Department congratulated Baghdad and the Iraqi Kurdish regional authorities on the deal.
"This agreement will further strengthen both Iraq's federal government and the Kurdistan Regional Government as they work together to defeat ISIL," said deputy spokeswoman Marie Harf, using an acronym of the Islamic State group.
The agreement stipulates that the semi-autonomous Kurdish government will release 550,000 barrels of oil every day to the Iraqi oil ministry, more than half of which will come from the disputed Kirkuk oil fields, according to Iraqi Finance Minister Hoshyar Zebari.
The Kurds took control of the Kirkuk fields to prevent them from falling to the Islamic State group during its summer blitz that captured much of Iraq's north and west.
In exchange, the Kurds will receive the 17-percent share of the national budget allocated to their region, plus installments of as much as $1 billion to boost the capabilities of Kurdish peshmerga fighters battling the Islamic State militants.
Earlier this year, Baghdad cut the stake supposed to go to the Kurdish region — which in 2013 totaled about $12 billion, according to Zebari, a Kurd. The central government withheld the funds after the Kurds began transporting oil from fields inside the autonomous zone to Turkey against Baghdad's wishes.
"This deal is a win-win deal for both sides," Zebari told The Associated Press. "The (Kurdish government) needed more stability in its relations with Baghdad and the Iraqi government is going through very serious financial difficulties because of the drop in oil prices."
Iraq's Oil Minister Adel Abdul-Mahdi said in a televised statement that joint committees will be formed to follow up with the implementation of the agreement and address any lingering issues "in order to establish fruitful relations based on the constitution and the principles of partnership and fairness."
The regional Kurdish government says it needs that money to meet its growing security demands in the face of the threat by the Islamic State group, and to pay public-sector employees and fund much-needed infrastructure development.
The Kurds and Baghdad have feuded for years over a host of issues, chiefly among them the rights to oil resources in the north and disputed territory like the city of Kirkuk, which the Kurds want to add to their autonomous zone.
Since Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi came to power in September, the Kurds have pushed for a quick resolution, saying they will give him three months to resolve the oil dispute or they would boycott his government.
Last month, the government in Irbil, the Kurdish regional capital, agreed preliminarily to sell 150,000 barrels of oil per day to the federal government in return for a one-time payment of $500 million.
The U.N. envoy to Iraq, Nickolay Mladenov, said he looks forward to the "implementation of the agreement as swiftly as possible," noting that "only through direct and frank dialogue can agreements be reached that serve the interests of Iraq and the Iraqi people."
___
Associated Press writers Sameer N. Yacoub in Baghdad and Matthew Lee in Washington contributed to this report.
Related on HuffPost:

HSBC: RBI decision: promises to cut if inflation stays lowHSBC: RBI decision: promises to cut if inflation stays low
Can lower interest rates improve asset quality issues of PSBsCan lower interest rates improve asset quality issues of PSBs
RBI Concall: Here s all what Rajan told fund managersRBI Concall: Here s all what Rajan told fund managers
Prefer SBI  Bank of Baroda among large cap PSU Bank stocks: Avinnash GorakssakarPrefer SBI  Bank of Baroda among large cap PSU Bank stocks: Avinnash Gorakssakar
Sebi passes orders against 8 cos for non-disclosures in IPOSebi passes orders against 8 cos for non-disclosures in IPO
Markets fell for the second day with benchmark Sensex declining over 115 points today on sellingHindalco Industries shares plunge on special court's orders
Markets fell for the second day with benchmark Sensex declining over 115 points today on selling in auto stocks after RBI kept interest rates unchanged for the fifth time in a row and IT shares dipped on strength in rupee.
In highly volatile trade, the 30-share BSE index fell to touch the day’s low of 28,386.46 following announcement of credit policy. However, the index recovered briefly to hit 28,576.39 on RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan’s hint of lowering rates early next year.
Participants later resorted to selling at every rise and the Sensex ended the day at 28,444.01, down 115.61 points, or 0.40 per cent. Yesterday, it had slipped 134.37 points.
On similar lines, the NSE 50-share Nifty, after swinging to and fro, settled with a loss of 31.20 points, or 0.36 per cent, at 8,524.70. Intra-day, it traded in a narrow range between 8,504.65 and 8,560.20.
“By not cutting rates, RBI has remained consistent in their policy objective of decisively bringing down inflation -and long term inflationary expectations. Lower post policy bond yields show the market feels more confident that eventually rates will be much lower,” said Arvind Sethi, MD & CEO, TATA Asset Management.
Rupee, which had breached 62-mark against dollar in previous sessions, today strengthened to 61.87 levels. This put pressure of shares IT companies, including TCS and Infosys, which earn most of their sales in the US currency.
Oil scrips also were on the sellers’ list after excise duty on petrol was hiked by Rs 2.25 per litre and by Re 1 a litre on diesel but retail pump rates won’t rise as oil firms have decided to absorb the duty change for the time being.
Over half of the 30 Sensex constituents ended with losses led by GAIL (down 2.85 per cent), M&M (2.47 per cent), HDFC (1.51 per cent) and Hero MotoCorp (1.48 per cent).
Sectorwise, BSE IT index suffered the most by losing 1.48 per cent, followed by Auto 1.05 per cent and Oil & Gas 0.66 per cent, among others.
Global cues, however, were conducive as Asian bourses ended higher and Europe was better in its opening trades.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth net Rs 12.36 crore yesterday, as per provisional data.
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty
More from indianmarkets
Stocks tumble, Rupee at 13-month low as crude crashes BSE Sensex today recorded its worst single day fall of 538.12 points in 16 months to end day's trade below 27,000...

Samsung modest reshuffle disappointsSamsung modest reshuffle disappoints
By Song Jung-a in Seoul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/745c42ea-7902-11e4-b518-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

World AIDS Day: The battle against the pandemic continueslifestyle
World AIDS Day: The battle against the pandemic still on
The AIDS pandemic began more than 30 years ago and has killed up to 40 million people worldwide. On World AIDS Day, here's showcasing some inspiring pictures from across the globe that fill us with hope.
A taxi driver is given condoms by a member of the Treatment Action Campaign (TAC) as they campaign for safe sex in Daveyton, outside Johannesburg. The activists on the streets of Daveyton want to educate people about how HIV is spread and most importantly, how it can be prevented. (Source: Reuters)
A patient is given bath at a hospice for those dying of AIDS at the Buddhist temple Wat Prabat Nampu in Lopburi province, north of Bangkok. From 1992, the temple has provided housing for HIV positive patients and palliative care for those in the final stages of the AIDS disease. Data from 2013 estimates Thailand has 450,000 people living with HIV/AIDS, but only 353,000 have access to life-saving antiretroviral drugs. (Source: Reuters)
Condom mascots pose for photos at an event to promote awareness of HIV in Beijing, China. (Source: AP)
A woman gives water to an HIV patient receiving treatments at HIV/AIDS Care Center founded by Phyu Phyu Thin, a parliament member of Myanmar opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy party, on the outskirts of Yangon, Myanmar. There are about 200,000 HIV patients in Myanmar out of which about 125,000 patients require the lifesaving antiretroviral treatment. According to a health ministry official only about 87,500 of them received the ART treatment. (Source: AP)
Students prepare a street play to create awareness of the dangers of HIV infections and ways to prevent it on the occasion of World AIDS Day in New Delhi, India. World AIDS Day is marked on Dec. 1 every year to raise awareness about HIV/AIDS. (Source: AP)
Phyu Phyu Thin, right, a parliament member of Myanmar opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy party, holding a child, talks with HIV patients under a portrait of Gen. Aung San, the father of Suu Kyi, on the wall at her HIV/AIDS Care Center on the outskirts of Yangon, Myanmar. There are about 200,000 HIV patients in Myanmar out of which about 125,000 patients require the lifesaving antiretroviral treatment. According to a health ministry official only about 87,500 of them received the ART treatment. (Source: AP)
A dozen children perform a traditional courtship dance from eastern Uganda as part of a platform for changing attitudes among youth using dance, drama and popular hip hop music, at the Treasure Life Center in the Kamwokya slum of Kampala, Uganda. As World AIDS Day is marked on Dec. 1, Uganda and many other African countries are continuing their battle against HIV and AIDS, and Ugandan street activists like 26-year-old Hood Katende are trying to use music and drama to stem a troubling resurgence of HIV, which now infects more than 500 young women between the ages of 15 and 24 each week, according to the Uganda AIDS Commission.  (Source: AP)
Related

Vijay Mallya quits Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers boardEnforcement Directorate probing beneficiary of Rs 425 crore Indian Premier League facilitation fee
In a double-whammy for flamboyant businessman Vijay Mallya, the government has annulled his re- appointment as Managing Director of Kingfisher Airlines while he also had to quit from board of another group company MCFL.
This comes close on the heels of minority shareholders of United Spirits, once a prized entity of Mallya-led UB group, rejecting proposals regarding proposed financial dealings of the company with entities connected to him.
Kingfisher, which had to be grounded in October 2012 due to severe financial crunch and mounting debt, had sought the Corporate Affairs Ministry’s approval for Mallya’s re-appointment for a period of five-year beginning October 16, 2013 “without remuneration”.
The airline said in a regulatory filing today that its application has been rejected, but did not disclose any specific reason.
Government sources, however, said that the decision was taken because Kingfisher failed to get necessary approvals from its lenders and shareholders for the re-appointment.
The disclosure came on a day, when another UB Group firm Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL) announced Mallya’s resignation as a director without giving any reason.
Trading in shares of Kingfisher and another group firm UB Engineering also got suspended with effect from today because of the companies’ non-compliance to listing norms.
Kingfisher, which once prided itself as the most luxurious airline with Mallya being known as the ‘King of Good Times’, alone used to command a market value of over Rs 10,000 crore once, but now stands at just about Rs 100 crore.
The overall UB group market value has tanked by over half in the past one year, while excluding United Spirits.
The penal action by stock exchanges followed the companies’ inability to prepare and publish financial results in time, which the firms have attributed to lack of staff.
Kingfisher has previously faced strong staff protests for non-payment of salaries, while it is also under regulatory scanner for various accounting lapses.
As per the latest disclosures made to the stock exchanges, Mallya was serving as Chairman and Managing Director of Kingfisher, which has been without a full-time CEO ever since Sanjay Agarwal left the company early this year.
As per the norms, a company which is in the red or has inadequate profits, needs to approach the Corporate Affairs Ministry to get approval for appointment of key managerial personnel and directors and get no-objection certificates from shareholders and lenders.
The Ministry rejected the proposal in this case as it was already turned down by shareholders and lenders, sources said, while adding this particular decision was not directly linked to Mallya being declared a wilful defaulter.
The UB group, which once commanded huge market values for all its entities in businesses ranging from liquor to fertilisers to aviation, has been facing financial troubles for past couple of years and a severe cash crunch led to Kingfisher Airlines being grounded over two years ago. There are also pending service tax default cases against Kingfisher.
Default on loan payments has already seen a number of banks resorting to legal options to reclaim their funds, while some of them have also declared Mallya as a wilful defaulter.
Among various key assets, UB Group sold controlling stake in United Spirits Ltd (USL) to UK-based global liquor giant Diageo, while Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilisers (MCFL) recently saw two rival bidders slugging it out in the marketplace for getting a control of the company.
Without giving any specific reason, MCFL said in a regulatory filing today that “Vijay Mallya, a Director on the Board of Directors of the company, has resigned with immediate effect.”
58-year old and Kolkata-born Mallya’s resignation at MCFL followed an intense takeover battle between West Bengal-based Zuari group and Pune-based Deepak Fertilisers for wresting control of MCFL, which has a urea plant at Mangalore.
The plant has been shut since October this year due to expiry of permission given by the government for production of farm nutrient from high cost feedstock naptha.
Bangalore-headquartered UB Group Chairman Mallya had sided with Zuari group and launched the counter open offer to ward off the takeover bid of Deepak Fertilizers.
Deepak Fertilisers has raised its stake in MCFL to about 32 per cent, as against Zuari-UB group’s combined stake of 38.4 per cent.
The latest developments at Kingfisher and MCFL follows decisions by USL shareholders at a November 28 meeting to reject nine out of 12 resolutions, including some pertaining to proposed pacts with entities connected to Mallya.
These pacts included those dated September 30, 2011 and December 22, 2011 between USL and and United Breweries Holdings Ltd that required UBHL to sell to USL certain immovable properties.
Other resolutions that were defeated with requisite majority include approval of a services agreement dated July 3 2013 between USL and Kingfisher Finvest India, approval of a sponsorship pact dated June 11 2013 between USL and United Racing & Bloodstock Breeders, approval of a sponsorship pact between USL and United Mohun Bagan Football Team Pvt Ltd.
USL is now controlled by Diageo, which had acquired an additional 26 per cent shares in USL for Rs 11,448.91 crore in July with an aim to take its total stake in the Indian firm to 54.78 per cent.
Liquor baron Vijay Mallya was recently re-elected as non-executive director and chairman of United Spirits.
Kingfisher Airlines is already facing a close regulatory scrutiny over suspected lapses in its accounting practices and the Corporate Affairs Ministry is looking into possible violations of Companies Act.
The carrier is yet to submit its annual financial results for the 2013-14 period to the stock exchanges.
In a filing to the BSE on August 26, the carrier had said that steps were being taken to appoint directors in order to comply with provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and listing agreement with the stock exchanges.
“Thereafter, steps will be taken towards publishing the audited results for the year ended March 31, 2014 and for the quarter ended June 30, 2014,” it had said.
Back in May, Kingfisher had informed stock exchanges that “there are hardly any employees attending office and the company is currently operating with skeletal staff making it difficult to audit and publish the results in time.”
As part of the recovery process, banks in February last year decided to sell a portion of the collateral with them, including shares of its group companies USL and MCFL, Mallya’s Goa villa, Kingfisher House in Mumbai and the Kingfisher brand, which was valued at over Rs 4,000 crore at the time it was pledged.
The total market value of UB group companies currently stands at Rs 33,000 crore largely because United Breweries Ltd (over Rs 20,000 crore), where Heineken group is a co-promoter.
TAGS: Kingfisher Airlines Mangalore Chemicals And Fertilizers Vijay Mallya
More from companies
Concerted effort to manipulate machinery: Court in coal case Industrialist Kumar Mangalam Birla's letters to the then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh sought to re-open the issue of allocation...

Bankers expect RBI to hold rates in monetary policy reviewBankers expect Reserve Bank of India to hold rates in monetary policy review
Mail Today Bureau     Mumbai/New Delhi   Last Updated: December 1, 2014  | 21:37 IST
SBI Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya
While Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and India are keen on the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) cutting key interest rates to rev up the economy, bankers expect RBI governor Raghuram Rajan to stick to the existing rates during the credit policy review on Tuesday.
There is a strong case for a rate cut as the GDP growth rate has fallen to 5.3 per cent in the second quarter from 5.7 per cent in the first quarter and inflation has declined to a five-year low.
State Bank of India Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya does expect RBI to cut interest rates on Tuesday and the soft money policy is likely to kick in only by the end of this current fiscal.
"The fact of the matter is that all the parameters are indicating that there will be a further fall in inflation. Between November and January with the base effect it might go up a little bit. But by March, it will be well below whatever the glide path that is indicated by RBI," she said.
Asked if she expects a rate cut in RBI's bi-monthly policy on December 2, she said, "No".
United Bank of India Executive Director Deepak Narang said that RBI would wait for some more time before effecting a rate cut to prop up growth.
"Although parameters are conducive for rate cut, there is hardly any appetite for loan in the market. Rate reduction by 0.25 per cent is not going to generate significant demand in the market."
However, Yes Bank Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director Rana Kapoor is more optimistic and expects 0.25-per cent rate cut.
"RBI would indeed draw comfort from the recent pace of disinflation, and in my opinion announce a maiden cut of 25 basis point in the December 2014 policy review," he said.
The repo rate, at which RBI extends short-term loans to banks, is eight per cent while the reverse repo rate is seven per cent.
The cash reserve ratio for banks has been fixed at four per cent.
Analysts feel that rates will not be changed but RBI could effect rate cut towards the end of this fiscal.
Morgan Stanley in a report said, "We believe that RBI is likely to keep policy rates on hold on December 2. We assign a very low probability to a rate cut in that meeting."
Domestic rating agency Care Ratings too concurred saying Rajan will go for a status quo on rates even though inflation is trending down.
The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (Assocham) said that given the subdued economic growth, India Inc is expecting RBI to cut the benchmark interest rate by, at least, 50 basis point.
"The industry expectations for a rate cut are not unrealistic and based on more than expected decline in retail inflation, which is currently hovering at 5.52 per cent (for October), it added.

Air Force F-16 pilot killed in crash in Middle EastBy Dan Lamothe December 1 Follow @danlamothe
A U.S. F-16 flies over Europe. A pilot was killed in a crash late Sunday in the Middle East, but U.S. military officials would not say where or what mission the aircraft was performing. (Photo by Tech. Sgt. Dave Ahlschwede/U.S. Air Force)
An Air Force F-16 fighter jet crashed in the Middle East late Sunday, killing the pilot on board, U.S. military officials said Monday.
The plane was returning to its base shortly after taking off on a combat mission, said Army Col. Steve Warren, a Pentagon spokesman. Officials with U.S. Central Command called it a “non-combat related incident,” indicating the plane likely experienced mechanical problems. The 11 p.m. crash did not occur in Iraq or Syria, where the United States has been launching airstrikes on the Islamic State militant group for months. The incident is under investigation, officials said.
U.S. officials would not say where the aircraft crashed. The Air Force was working to notify the pilot’s family on Monday.
Recent airstrikes in Iraq and Syria have been carried out from several bases in the Persian Gulf region, including Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar, Ali al Salem Air Base in Kuwait and al Dhafra Air Base in the United Arab Emirates. Warren declined to say which base was used to launch the F-16, saying it is Defense Department policy not to do so.
Craig Whitlock contributed to this report.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

MSI to replace faulty clutch part in select CiazNew Delhi, December 1, 2014
Updated: December 2, 2014 00:02 IST
MSI to replace faulty clutch part in select Ciaz
Yuthika Bhargava
Tweet
The Hindu
Maruti Suzuki India has recalled 3,796 units of its recently launched mid-sized sedan Ciaz, manufactured till November 7, to replace a faulty part of clutch operation system. File photo
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Country’s largest car maker Maruti Suzuki India on Monday said it will undertake a ‘service campaign’ for 3,796 units of its newly launched mid-size sedan Ciaz to replace a faulty part of clutch operation system.
“MSI will proactively undertake a service campaign to inspect a suspected fault and replace the relevant part of clutch operation system of a batch of 3,796 Ciaz (manual transmission) cars,” the company said in a statement. These cars are among those manufactured till November 7, 2014.
In a separate note, the company clarified this “initiative for the Ciaz is not a recall. It is a service campaign undertaken in the interest of the customers… Service Campaigns are undertaken globally by automobile companies to rectify faults that may potentially cause inconvenience to customers,” it said.
While Maruti Suzuki dealers have started to communicate with owners of the impacted vehicles, customers can also check the company’s website to ascertain if their car is among the affected vehicles.
The inspection and replacement will be done free of cost for the customer.
MSI had launched Ciaz with an introductory price starting at Rs 6.99 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi) last month.

Oil prices do not reflect global bearish trendsNew Delhi, December 2, 2014
Updated: December 2, 2014 00:56 IST
‘Oil prices do not reflect global bearish trends’
Puja Mehra
petrol
Falling global crude prices may not have translated into much disposable cash for Indian households. Against a 40 per cent drop in the cost of global crude since June, retail prices of petrol and diesel in India have declined by less than 12 per cent. Prices of petrol are down by 11.31 per cent. Consumers are paying 8.32 per cent less for diesel than on June 1.
When contacted, an Indian Oil Corporation source said the cost of crude and retail prices of finished petroleum products such as diesel and petrol did not move in tandem. “Diesel and petrol retail prices in India are calculated every fortnight on the basis of the average landed price of these products on import parity basis.”
The remarkable fall in global oil prices is continuing because of a mismatch in demand and supply. Demand is down due to the eurozone’s economic stagnation, Japan’s slipping into recession and China’s slowdown. Output is rising due to U.S. shale boom.

Dreamliner battery fire triggered by Boeing design  probe findsBusiness Breaking Business
Dreamliner battery fire triggered by Boeing design, probe finds
Handout of burnt auxiliary power unit battery removed from Japan Airlines Boeing 787 Dreamliner jet provided by NTSB
HANDOUT, Reuters
The burnt auxiliary power unit battery from the Japan Airlines Boeing 787 Dreamliner that caught fire at Boston's Logan airport.
The burnt auxiliary power unit battery from the Japan Airlines Boeing 787 Dreamliner that caught fire at Boston's Logan airport. (HANDOUT, Reuters)
By Alan Levin, Bloomberg News, Bloomberg
WASHINGTON — Inadequate design and testing caused last year's battery fire that led to the grounding of Boeing's Dreamliner jets for more than three months, investigators concluded.
Boeing had certified that overheating in one cell of the lithium-ion battery couldn't spread to others and the Federal Aviation Administration approved the design and testing. The National Transportation Safety Board faulted both in a final report for not anticipating how the power packs might fail, and cited battery maker GS Yuasa Corp. for poor manufacturing.
Monday's findings bring to a close an almost two-year probe into events that triggered the longest grounding of a large commercial aircraft by U.S. regulators since jets were introduced in the 1950s. It also prompted a re-examination of the dangers of lithium-ion power packs that have helped drive advances in personal electronic devices and electric cars.
The fire occurred Jan. 7, 2013, while a Japan Airlines 787 Dreamliner sat at Boston's Logan International Airport. Boeing uses two lithium-ion batteries in the Dreamliner to power electronics and other equipment. It was a short circuit in one of the battery's eight cells that triggered a runaway failure that engulfed the entire power pack, the NTSB said.
"The incident resulted from Boeing's failure to incorporate design requirements to mitigate the most severe effects of an internal short circuit" and the inability of FAA inspectors to recognize those deficiencies, the NTSB concluded.
0
The NTSB issued 16 new recommendations calling on the FAA to tighten its watch over new technology and improve guidance to its inspectors. It also asked Boeing to improve oversight of subcontractors and revise how it conducts safety assessments.
Boeing didn't immediately have a response to the report, Doug Alder, a company spokesman, said in an interview.
GS Yuasa didn't respond to an email request for comment.
Boeing has already redesigned the battery to include more protection around the cells to contain overheating, a steel case to prevent any fire from spreading and a tube that vents fumes outside the fuselage. The company said in March that it believes the fixes improved battery safety.
Even with those measures, the NTSB said its testing found the large lithium-ion batteries were vulnerable to failure. Cells may overheat when large amounts of power are being drawn and better protections should be installed, the NTSB said.
Japanese investigators reached similar conclusions as the NTSB while probing another battery incident that occurred during a flight and forced an emergency landing at Takamatsu Airport on Jan. 16, 2013. The Japan Transport Safety Board found in a Sept. 25 report an internal short-circuit "was probably" at fault though it was impossible to say what prompted it.
The 2013 battery failures came as Boeing struggled to move past the design and production miscues that plagued development of the Dreamliner, the Chicago-based planemaker's first all-new jet of the century. The 787 entered the market 3 1/2 years behind schedule in 2011, slowed by issues ranging from an in- flight electrical fire to shortages of titanium fasteners.
The negative publicity has died away this year as Boeing reached a steadier production tempo. Boeing had delivered 207 Dreamliners to 23 customers as of Nov. 19, its website shows.
The Dreamliner was the first commercial jetliner built with a carbon-fiber air frame instead of aluminum, using more electricity than earlier models to produce efficiency gains. A division of France's Thales was contracted by Boeing to design the electrical system.
As part of that design, Boeing installed two lithium-ion batteries, which hold more energy and last longer than older technology. Those factors also make them potentially more dangerous because they are made with flammable chemicals and contain enough energy to self-ignite if they malfunction.
They have been linked to other aviation incidents and accidents. A smaller lithium-ion battery used to power an emergency-locator beacon caught fire on a 787 on the ground in London on July 12, 2013.
Boeing had estimated that the chances of a single cell on one of its 787 batteries failing and venting flammable chemicals was one in 10 million. When the second failure occurred in Japan, the aircraft had flown just 52,000 hours, according to the NTSB.
This miscalculation was part of a cascading series of failures in the design and certification process, the safety board concluded.
The battery tested for possible failure by GS Yuasa wasn't the same as the ones installed on the Dreamliner fleet and the tests didn't anticipate the most severe conditions seen in service, the investigation found.
An inspection of GS Yuasa's manufacturing plant by the NTSB found evidence that foreign debris was allowed to contaminate batteries, "which could lead to internal short circuiting."
The company's inspections also couldn't detect other internal defects capable of producing short circuits. The report didn't blame those issues for the fire.
Boeing also failed to anticipate the battery's risks, the NTSB said. The company's engineers didn't even consider the potential for a single cell overheating and igniting adjoining cells, according to the report.
The FAA didn't give its inspectors sufficient guidance on overseeing the battery design and the agency lacked expertise, according to the NTSB.
The safety board has no regulatory authority and must rely on non-biding recommendations to improve safety.
In response to earlier recommendations, FAA Administrator Michael Huerta told the NTSB that the agency is studying additional battery test requirements, according to an Aug. 19 letter. The agency is working with RTCA Inc., a Washington-based nonprofit that advises the FAA on technology.
_ With assistance from Julie Johnsson in Chicago.

Abby Ohlheiser and Elahe IzadiIn a police shooting case in Charlotte, fewer headlines but familiar calls for justice
Mary C. Curtis
It’s not Ferguson or New York; an officer has been charged. But the relationship between police and communities of color is still strained.
When GOP staffer put Obama children ‘at a bar,’ it continued American tradition of trashing black females’ morality
Mary C. Curtis
Views like hers historically excused the abuse and disregard of human beings judged not worthy of consideration by people who also prayed.
Though others may judge, Janay Rice tells her story her way
Mary C. Curtis
The worst moment of her life is the stuff of public record, but she says she doesn’t want to be a “victim.“
Darren Wilson saw ‘a demon.’ What do you see?
Mary C. Curtis
The shelf life for innocence is short when you are a black male — and there is no room for error. You may not get a second chance.
More by  Mary C. Curtis : 2014

Police: Austin shooter was a homegrown American extremistBy Abby Ohlheiser and Elahe Izadi December 1 Follow @abbyohlheiser Follow @ElaheIzadi
Police officers carry potential evidence from the Austin apartment where shooting suspect Larry McQuilliams lived. Police identified McQuilliams, 49, as the gunman who fired more than 100 rounds at downtown buildings in Austin. (Jim Vertuno/Associated Press)
Larry McQuilliams had “let me die” written in marker across his chest when he fired more than 100 rounds in downtown Austin early Friday morning.
McQuilliams, who Austin Police officials called a “homegrown American extremist” with ties to a Christian identity hate group, was shot dead on Friday by a police officer outside the department’s headquarters.
Austin Police Chief Art Acevedo told reporters on Monday that officers who searched the gunman’s home found a map with 34 targets, including two churches. McQuilliams had fired bullets into Austin police headquarters, a federal courthouse and the Mexican consulate in downtown Austin on Friday. He also tried to set the Mexican consulate building on fire.
Previously, police said they had not yet determined the motive for the shooting, which left only the gunman dead, but speculated that the current immigration debate could have been a factor. On Monday, federal investigators said the gunman didn’t leave a note that outlined his motive, but that he had previously told friends he was upset he couldn’t find a job, even as immigrants to the United States receive assistance.
On his bed, the gunman left a note and laid out clothes , officials said. A note left behind said the outfit was for his funeral.
“Hate was in his heart,” Acevedo said.
Evidence obtained by @Austin_Police determined Suspect McQuliams was a self-titled "High Priest" of the "Phineaus Priesthood."
— Chief Art Acevedo (@ArtAcevedo) December 1, 2014
Police believe McQuilliams associated himself with the Phineas Priesthood, an anti-Semitic, anti-multiculturalism affiliation that opposes biracial relationships, same-sex marriage, taxation and abortion. Authorities found a copy of “Vigilantes of Christendom,” a book linked to the Priesthood, in the rental van McQuilliams used during the attacks. Inside of the book was a handwritten note that “discusses his rank as a priest in his fight against anti-God people,” Acevedo said.
The Austin police chief says Larry McQuilliams, a 49-year-old man who shot at the city's police station while trying to burn its Mexican consulate, harbored extreme right-wing views and had the words, “let me die” written on his chest. (AP)
“If you look at what he did, he terrorized a city, he’s just an American terrorist trying to terrorize our people,” Acevedo said .
Law enforcement officials will continue to investigate the gunman’s background, the police chief said.
Among other things investigators need to determine: How McQuilliams got his weapons. He had been arrested in 1998 for driving under the influence and in 1992 for aggravated robbery, Acevedo said. He also served time in prison for a bank robbery.
Phineas Priesthood affiliates  were tied to a string of 1996 bank robberies  and bombings in the state of Washington.
Mark Potok, a senior fellow at the Southern Poverty Law Center, told The Post that the Phineas Priesthood is a “concept” that originated with “Vigilantes of Christendom,” which came out in 1990. The group takes its name from a story about the biblical figure of Phineas in the book of Numbers.
In the story, Phineas slays an Israelite man and a Midianite woman who were together in a tent. “To the extreme right, this [story] is a biblical injunction against race mixing,” Potok said. Phineas Priests would also use the passage to justify violent acts in the name of their beliefs.  “It’s very much a self-calling,” Potok said of those who would identify as Phineas Priesthood members.  “If you commit a Phineas act…you can be considered a Phineas priest.” 
In a backgrounder,  the Anti-defamation league wrote  that “the Phineas Priesthood is not a membership organization in the traditional sense: there are no meetings, rallies or newsletters.” The ADL added that “extremists become ‘members’ when they commit ‘Phineas acts:’ any violent activity against ‘non-whites.’” Potok noted that the affiliation does not have a national structure.
There is no organization that would determine whether one is a “member” of the group or not. Its affiliates, like McQuilliams, would be self-designated.
Its members identify themseves as Christians, however, “they are really not Christians in any sense that a christian would accept,” Potok added. Most mainstream American Christians, he said, would find a Phineas Priest’s reading of scripture to be “heretical.” 
This post has been updated.
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

SC refuses to pass interim order on pleas of Air India  unionsEnforcement Directorate probing beneficiary of Rs 425 crore Indian Premier League facilitation fee
The Supreme Court on Monday refused to pass any interim order on a batch of cross-appeals filed by Air India (AI) and various employees’ unions against a Bombay High Court order on implementation of Dharmadhikari panel’s recommendations on merger of erstwhile Indian Airlines and AI.
“There has to be a practical way out. Any order should not be harsh on your employer (AI) also,” a bench of justices Anil R Dave and Kurian Joseph said, adding, “At this stage, we are not going to grant interim reliefs (to employees’ unions).”
On being asked by the bench to find a “way out” to the impasse, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi, appearing for the national carrier, said a four-member panel headed by former Supreme Court judge Justice D M Dharmadhikari was appointed to look into various issues that had arisen after the merger of AI and Indian Airlines.
“Earlier, salaries were less and allowances were huge and the commission found that the total package was unviable,” Rohatgi said, adding the panel suggested substantial increase in basic salary and “trimmed” certain allowances.
This arrangement may lessen the present salary, but increases the post retirement benefits, he said.
“You cannot be given flying allowances, which used to be USD 2,000 to USD 2,500, without flying minimum stipulated hours,” Rohatgi said, adding that around 3,500 AI officials have already accepted the panel’s recommendations.
The AG said that the AI management was not bound to give a notice to the employees under a provision of the Industrial Disputes Act before implementing the panel’s report.
Senior advocate K K Venugopal, appearing for one of the employees’ unions, said that 35 per cent wage cut has been enforced without following the due process of law.
“Officers have been given the increment and our salaries have been cut. We are seeking restoration of our earlier salaries,” he said.
AI and various unions have filed cross-appeals against the Bombay High Court order which on January 27 had declined to stay the implementation of the panel’s report.
The High Court, however, had held that AI should have given notices to employees as implementation of the panel’s report amounted to change in service conditions.
TAGS: Air India
More from companies
Concerted effort to manipulate machinery: Court in coal case Industrialist Kumar Mangalam Birla's letters to the then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh sought to re-open the issue of allocation...

Hong Kong student leader plans hunger strikeHK student leader Joshua Wong goes on hunger strike
Demetri Sevastopulo and Julie Zhu in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aa7e114a-79bc-11e4-9e81-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

NASA Launching New Orion Spacecraft on Test FlightIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Rupee up 4 paise against dollar in early tradeIndian rupee ends higher after RBI policy review
Reuters  Mumbai, December 02, 2014
First Published: 10:34 IST(2/12/2014) | Last Updated: 17:21 IST(2/12/2014)
Comments
The Indian rupee rose on Tuesday after the central bank kept interest rates unchanged but signalled it could ease monetary policy by early next year, raising optimism about accelerating economic growth.
The Reserve Bank of India said it could cut interest rates "early next year" provided inflationary pressures do not re-appear and the government controls the fiscal deficit.
The rupee also benefited from stronger emerging Asian currencies on the back of dollar volatility and a rebound in crude oil prices from five-year lows.
Analysts said the rupee would likely remain under pressure given the broader strength in the dollar, although losses could be capped by domestic factors.
"The rupee would remain under pressure in the near term on global factors," said Anish Vyas, a currency analyst at Angel Broking in Mumbai.
"But a largish depreciation is unlikely because of continuous fund flows, moderation in inflation  - and now a good chance of early rate cuts from RBI."
The partially convertible rupee closed at 61.88/89 per dollar compared with 62.02/03 on Monday. It hit a low of 62.25 on Monday, its weakest since Feb. 20.
Hopes the RBI would cut interest rates by early next year supported the rupee by raising confidence about the domestic economy. Still, Indian shares fell on a bout of profit booking, limiting any further gains in the rupee.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards market, the one-month contract was at 62.14/24, while the three-month was at 62.65/75.

Decline in oil prices to boost global economy: IMF ChiefDecline in oil prices to boost global economy, says IMF Chief Christine Lagarde
Lalit K Jha     Washington   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 11:28 IST
Photo: Reuters
The recent decline in oil prices will help boost global economy, International Monetary Fund (IMF) chief Christine Lagarde has said, as global oil prices have tumbled to multi year low.
"It is good news for the global economy," Lagarde said at The Wall Street Journal CEO Council annual meeting in Washington on Monday.
For the United States, low energy prices would help accelerate the economic growth to a 3.5 per cent next year from the October forecast of 3.
1 per cent, she said, adding that Europe is also expected to benefit from lower oil prices.
Lagarde, however, noted that the Eurozone also faces a risk of the "new mediocre," and described it as an economy marked by slow growth, low inflation and high unemployment.
But at the same time, she asserted that reluctant political leaders need to adopt more job-friendly labor market reforms, aggressive and innovative monetary policy and other structural reforms.
"Where they are at the moment they need to use all available tools. They have to get on with it and do it," Lagarde said.
During the meeting, the International Monetary Fund Managing Director was highly critical of Japan for being slow on implementation of fiscal and labor market reforms.
On Russia, Lagarde said lower prices are adding to their fragility and their vulnerability.
Oil prices tumbled to multi year lows last week after the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC)decided to maintain its production quotas, rather than lowering its output target.
Crude oil has fallen about 40 per cent since mid June and the price on Monday touched its lowest level since mid 2009 before US oil prices posted their biggest one-day gain in two years overnight.
(PTI)

Reforms Would Change How NYC Jails Deal With Mentally Ill  Drug-Addicted InmatesNYC Mayor Plans To Spend $130 Million To Revamp Jails For Mentally Ill, Drug-Addicted Inmates
 |  By                                                                      JAKE PEARSON
reddit
NEW YORK (AP) — Corrections, mental health and law enforcement experts called Mayor Bill de Blasio's $130 million plan to steer mentally ill and drug-addicted suspects to treatment instead of incarceration an encouraging first step toward repairing New York City's broken jail system.
But they cautioned that the ambitious plan de Blasio announced Tuesday, aimed largely at "frequent flier" suspects who repeatedly end up jailed on minor offenses because there is nowhere else for them to go, will face enormous challenges.
"There's a lot of moving parts there," said Michael Thompson, director of the Council of State Governments Justice Center, a criminal justice nonprofit. "There's a reason why this is difficult: You're trying to do things at multiple points and you're talking about a huge volume of people."
De Blasio's proposed reforms are based on the recommendations of a task force he appointed following a series of reports by The Associated Press detailing problems at the city's massive Rikers Island jail complex, including the deaths of two inmates suffering from serious mental illness.
The changes include 36-hour training courses for police officers on how to identify and interact with people who have behavioral health issues, the creation of two drop-off treatment centers for low-level offenders and giving judges more leeway to order supervised release and treatment instead of jail.
But those proposals generated concerns from some who wondered how the changes — many of them pilot programs that will be regularly tracked over the next year — will function in practice.
"It's definitely a positive step forward," said Patrick Markee, director of advocacy at Coalition for the Homeless. "But the most important issue remains permanent affordable housing with support services and the real problem is we have a huge shortage of that kind of housing."
For Kenneth Dudek, president of Fountain House, a community center for 1,200 mentally ill people in midtown Manhattan, the decision to train 5,500 officers immediately with a 36-hour course and the entire 35,000 force later seemed, while encouraging, a bit daunting.
"The 36-hour training piece is great but not nearly enough," he said, noting that other police programs might be more effective, like one in Memphis, Tennessee, where specially trained units are called to all incidents involving the mentally ill.
Norman Seabrook, president of the correction officers' union, echoed that point, calling more training for guards an important tool but only if it was "credible training."
And Patrick Lynch, president of the rank-and-file police officers' union, said that while he's supportive of more training, his preference would be for the city to do a better job of keeping the mentally ill off of the streets altogether.
De Blasio — who has dubbed the jails "de facto mental health facilities" — told reporters on Tuesday that while some jail reforms already implemented are beginning to show signs of progress, long-term changes will require more time to take root.
"This is going to be a long process by definition, because it was not years, it was decades in the making, that's how broken our correction system was," he said.
While the overall jail population has dropped in recent years, the ratio of those with a mental health diagnosis has soared to 40 percent of the roughly 11,000 daily inmates, up from 24 percent in 2007.
A third of them suffer from serious mental illnesses such as bipolar disorder and schizophrenia, and officials say the mentally ill are both more likely to be victims and perpetrators of jail violence. That's compounded by the fact that 85 percent of all inmates have a substance abuse disorder.
Jerome Murdough, a seriously mentally ill inmate who an official told the AP earlier this year "baked to death" in a cell that was 101 degrees after he was unable to make $2,500 bail on a misdemeanor trespassing charge, would likely have qualified for diversion had the program been in place in February, experts said.
"It means a lot to me," said his mother, Alma Murdough, "knowing that Jerome's death was not in vain."
___
Associated Press writer Jonathan Lemire in New York contributed to this report.
More:

Porsche launches new Cayenne with four derivatives; price starts at Rs 1.02 crPorsche launches new Cayenne with four derivatives; price starts at Rs 1.02 cr
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 02, 2014 01:35 PM IST
Sports car specialist Porsche today launched the all-new Cayenne sports utility vehicle at Rs 1.02 crore (ex-showroom, Maharashtra).
The new generation Cayenne is available in four versions in the country: Cayenne Diesel, Cayenne S Diesel, Cayenne S and the Cayenne Turbo, which costs as much as Rs 1.7 crore (ex-showroom, Maharashtra)
Anil Reddi, Director, Porsche India, said: “The new Porsche Cayenne embodies the ultimate Porsche traits, class-leading performance and outstanding driveability. No matter the road conditions, the new Cayenne delivers a unique automotive experience and we expect our customers to share in the excitement around this thrilling evolution.”
In its latest version, the Cayenne gets an even sharper design with precise lines and purposefully placed light refracting edges. Front body, front wings, bonnet and air blades are also newly shaped.
The SUV has bi-xenon headlights and four-point LED daytime running lights. The new layout of the model’s rear lights creates a three-dimensional effect with the brake lights designed in four elements.
 

Govt hikes excise duty on petrol  dieselGovt hikes excise duty on petrol, diesel
Reuters |  Dec 02, 2014 02:11 PM IST
The government on Tuesday raised factory gate duties on petrol by Rs 2.25 a litre and on diesel by Re 1 per litre with immediate effect, the finance ministry said in a statement to Parliament.
Retail prices would not be affected by the hike, said government sources.
The increases, which follow similar hikes in mid-November, seek to take advantage of a slump in world oil prices to shore up government revenues without stoking inflation.
A source familiar with the matter said the latest measures were expected to raise an additional Rs 4,000 crore ($650 million) in the remainder of the financial year to end on March 31, 2015.

Sensex  Nifty remain choppy; IT  auto shares declineSensex, Nifty remain choppy; IT, auto shares decline
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 02, 2014 02:33 PM IST
Benchmark indices are trading marginally weak as losses in information technology, banks and auto stocks have wiped off the gains in select capital goods, pharma and metal shares
 
At 2:30 PM, the 30-share Sensex was down 48 points at 28,511 and the 50-share Nifty was down 15 points at 8,541.
 
In the broader market, both BSE midcap and smallcap indices with gains of 0.7% and 0.2% each are outperforming their larger peers.  Market breadth in BSE is marginally negative with 1,370 advances against 1,404 declines.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has left interest rates unchanged at 8% for the fifth time in a row at the central bank’s bi-monthly policy review today. The central bank also kept other key rates -- the cash reserve ratio and the statutory liquidity ratio -- unchanged.
Meanwhile, foreign institutional investors were net sellers in Indian equities worth Rs 12.36  crore on Monay, as per provisional stock exchange data.
 
Buzzing Stocks
 
BSE Metal and Healthcare indices, up 1.2% each are top gainers among sectors followed by BSE FMCG and Capital Goods indices with 0.6% and 0.7% of gains each.
 
BSE IT and Auto indices, down more than 1% have lost the most. 
 
L&T has gained more than 1% and is among the top gainers in late noon trades.
 
A rebound in commodity prices has boosted metal stocks. Sesa Sterlite and Hindalco are trading with gains of 1.6% each. Tata Steel has gained around 0.7%.
 
Pharma sector is gaining led by the advance in Sun Pharma which has gained close to 1% as the Competition Commission of India (CCI) is expected to come out with its decision on the merger of Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy this week.
 
Bharti Airtel, Cipla, Coal India and NTPC are other major gainers.
 
Infosys has lost more than 2%. The stock turned ex-bonus today. TCS and Wipro have lost 0.5% and 0.7% each.
 
HDFC twins have shed around 1% each while SBI is currently down 0.6% after posting a rebound from the decline of early morning.
 
Shares of automobiles companies are trading lower by up to 3% after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan left interest rates unchanged for the fifth time in a row at the central bank’s bi-monthly policy review today.
 
M&M has lost around 2.5% after reporting a lower than expected car sales numbers in the month of November, 2014 compared to the same month last year.
 
Maruti Suzuki has lost around 07%. Yesterday, the Country's largest car maker announced a recall of 3,796 units of its recently launched mid-sized sedan Ciaz, manufactured till November 7, to replace a faulty part of clutch operation system.
 
Tata Motors has lost more than 1% after reporting weaker than expected sales numbers for the month of November. It reported 2% increase in total sales at 41,720 units in November, 2014 as against 40,863 units in the same month last year.
 
Hero Motocorp and Bajaj Auto have lost 0.8% and 1.5% each.
 
Among other shares, Shares of Bajaj Corp has rallied 5%  extending its past four day gain, in otherwise subdued market on BSE. The stock opened at Rs 330 and touched a high of Rs 354, also its record high on the BSE.
 
Global Markets
 
Japanese shares closed at a seven-year high on speculations of stock buying by Bank of Japan. Investors shrugged off a downgrade of Japan's sovereign debt credit rating by Moody's Investors Service. Nikkei ended 0.4% high.
 
Chinese shares have gained on rebound in commodity and crude oil prices. Shanghai Composite index has gained more than 3% on hopes of further stimulus measures by Chinese central bank after the official manufacturing PMI came below expectations on Friday. Hang Seng has gained more than 1%.
 
Amid firm global cues, European shares have opened higher. FTSE 100 and CAC 40 indices have gained more than 1% each while DAX index has gained around 0.6%.

CEOs expect RBI to cut rates by FebruaryDisappointed CEOs expect rate cut by February
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 03, 2014 12:48 AM IST
Disappointed by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)’s decision to keep key rates unchanged, top chief executives and finance heads of Indian companies now expect the central bank to cut interest rates by early next year. By then, inflation is likely to have come under control.
But they say a rate cut, with the economy moving in the right direction, would have been a good signal to investors. India Inc was pinning hopes on a rate cut to boost interest rate-sensitive sectors such as two-wheelers, cars and real estate.
V S Parthasarathy, chief financial officer of Mahindra & Mahindra (M&M), said the policy was on expected lines and RBI’s consistent stand on policy rates was understandable, but a rate cut would have helped.
ALSO READ:  Rajan hits out at India Inc, says RBI not against growth
“The auto industry is still looking for a strong demand revival; lower interest rates would have helped the cause. The policy promises a cut next year, depending on some economic variables, and we hope this will be sooner than later, as it will also give the much-needed thrust to the “Make in India” initiative,” he said.
M&M’s comments come against the backdrop of falling sales of auto companies, especially the two-wheeler manufacturers.
“We were expecting a rate cut to aid the struggling automobile industry and provide the necessary impetus to consumer sentiment. Even after a reduction in the excise duty earlier this year and cooling fuel prices, the customer mood has improved little. There was a slight demand surge, but that was during the festival season and for new entries,” said P Balendran, vice-president, General Motors.
V N Dhoot, chairman & managing director of consumer products maker Videocon, said the policy met expectations and the guidance was dovish. This meant there was a chance of policy easing by February, subject to a moderation in inflation and the government’s efforts to meet fiscal targets.
ALSO READ:  Markets calm as RBI leaves rates unchanged
“I think the central bank could have leveraged abating inflation risks to effect a rate cut, as high cost of credit has been dissuading industry from undertaking capacity expansion,” he said.
Most CEOs said the investment cycle would resume only with a lag of nine to 12 months, as the existing capacity lying idle would have to be filled; industry would invest in new capacity only after that, on the basis of sustainable demand. “Only after inflation has been controlled for a longer period can we hope for a gradual reduction in the interest rate by RBI,” said Prabal Banerjee, president (international finance), Essar group.
“Almost everyone expects RBI would like the benign inflation to sustain and not let it slip — though industry might clamour for a rate reduction. In my view, this is not going to affect growth, as even if the rate is reduced by 50-100 basis points, there is no reason to believe that industry will rush to invest,” Banerjee said.
Some CEOs said even a symbolic cut in policy rates at this juncture would have sent a strong signal that both the government and RBI were acting in concert to harness demand and take the economy to the higher orbit of growth. Industry was hopeful of a rate cut particularly considering that China had surprised its market by reducing interest rates by 40 basis points, to attract investments.
“At a time when the economic recovery is still fragile and industry is growing at a faltering pace, a bold decision from RBI to ease interest rates would have benefited the credit-starved small and medium enterprises, and improved credit offtake by industry,” said CII President Ajay Shriram.
“What’s more, the recent softening of inflationary momentum and the movement of Consumer Price Index towards RBI’s comfort zone indicate that most of the conditions for bringing interest rates down are being fulfilled,” he added.
Lalit Kumar Jain, president of real estate sector’s lobby group, Confederation of Real Estate Developers’ Associations of India, called for a government intervention to facilitate low-cost funding for real estate developers and buyers. “For a long time, RBI has been consistently taking steps that do not encourage the real estate sector, despite the recognised fact that the industry contributes handsomely to the country’s economy, apart from creating massive employment,” he said.

Tafe Motors & Tractors invests $140 mn in US-based Agco CorpTafe Motors and Tractors invests $140 mn in US firm
T E Narasimhan | Chennai Dec 06, 2014 10:34 PM IST
Tafe Motors and Tractors Ltd (TAFE) has invested around $140 million by way of equity in US-based AGCO Corporation, a worldwide manufacturer and distributor of agricultural equipment.
TAFE has an ongoing relation with the US company for over 50 years. Its spokesperson confirmed the development and said the investment is part of regular “business co-operation”. He declined to elaborate further.
According to Reserve Bank of India (RBI’s) data (outward FDI from India for October), Tafe Motors and Tractors Ltd and Tractors and Farm Equipment Ltd have invested $28.93 million and $110.41 million, respectively, in AGCO Corporation.
AGCO operates with five core brands: Challenger, Fendt, GSI, Massey Ferguson and Valtra. The firm manufactures agricultural equipment and sells across 140 countries. In 1960, there was a pact signed between Massey Ferguson and TAFE. It was a licence pact, where TAFE started to assemble — CKD assemble tractors — between or up to 75 horsepower. Branded as Massey Ferguson, these were sold in India.
AGCO currently holds 23.5 per cent in TAFE, which is within the limit it can hold in an Indian company as per the regulations.
Martin H Richenhagen, chairman of the executive committee and member of succession planning committee, AGCO Corporation, in a recent earnings calls, said: “TAFE is number two in India, very close to the market leader, Mahindra & Mahindra. While Mahindra has a tendency to lose market share, TAFE does gain market share every year, and this is also supported by the technology transfer between AGCO and TAFE. So that’s a very solid, long-lasting relationship.”
TAFE is AGCO’s main supplier for small tractors for markets like Africa, the South America and also in the US. It is AGCO’s agency for the purchase of components in India, and AGCO generates a dividend through its investment, he added.
The company later invited Mallika Srinivasan, chairman and CEO of TAFE, to join the board, and then there’s mandatory stock ownership for directors.
“Mallika wanted to signalise how much she believes in our business and how much she believes in our strategic alliance and wanted to buy more. In order to make sure that we don't get into complication here long term, we decided to agree on a standstill agreement, which is 12.5 per cent on the basis of the share count December 31, 2013, and this is pretty much what she is holding out through programs, and she is pretty close. I think she is at around 11 per cent right now, 11 per cent-something, 11.2 per cent, 11.3 per cent, 11.4 per cent, depending on how you look at it. And we are actually very satisfied to have such an important strategic shareholder,” said Richenhagen.
During October 31, 2013, she held 61,11,590 shares (owner type indirect) in Agco Corporation, which has gone up to 1,11,96,271 shares on October 24, 2014, according to data available with Nasdaq.
Quoting his conversation with Srinivasan, he said, she sees it as a strategic long-term investment without the intention to become a traitor or to sell and buy depending on the stock price.
“She is helping us to understand the markets of Asia much better than we could do that just from Georgia,” he added.

Gold price rises by Rs 840  gains most this yearGold price rises by Rs 840, gains most this year
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 15:28 IST
Posting this year's biggest single-day rise of Rs 840, gold on Tuesday regained the Rs 27,000 per ten gram level after a gap of over one month in the national capital, tracking rebounds in global markets.
In addition, pick-up in domestic demand from jewellers and retailers for the wedding season also buoyed sentiment.
After losing Rs 730 in last six sessions after the RBI eased imports curbs by scrapping 80:20 scheme, gold staged a strong comeback by rising Rs 840 to close at Rs 27,040 per ten grams, a level last seen on October 30.
Silver also recorded a significant gain of Rs 2,700 to Rs 37,000 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Sentiment bolstered after gold surged by 3.69 per cent, its biggest gain since September 19, to $1,218.10 an ounce in New York on Monday, as rebound in crude price revived demand for the precious metal as stores of value, bullion traders said.
Globally, silver also surged 7.3 per cent to $16.69 an ounce on Monday, the highest gain since September 2013.
Besides, rising domestic demand from jewellers and retailers for the ongoing wedding season too influenced precious metal prices, they said.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity zoomed up by Rs 840 each to Rs 27,040 and Rs 26,840 per ten grams, respectively.
Sovereign moved up by Rs 100 to Rs 23,700 per piece of eight gram.
Following gold, silver ready spurted by Rs 2,700 to Rs 37,000 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 2,420 to Rs 36,340 per kg.
Silver coins recovered sharply by Rs 3,000 to Rs 61,000 for buying and Rs 62,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

LinkedIn survey: Recruitment via social networking sites on riseReuters The LinkedIn survey covered over 4,125 talent acquisition leaders globally, including 300 in India across 14 industries.
44% recruiters used social and professional networks for hiring in 2014
New Delhi, Dec 2:  
Social and professional networking platforms are increasingly emerging as a source for hiring the right talent as well as more number of candidates by recruiters in the country, says a recent survey.
As per a survey on ‘recruitment trends’ by professional networking site LinkedIn, nearly 44 per cent recruiters used the social and professional networks for hiring quality talent in 2014 compared to 36 per cent in the previous year.
Besides, 65 per cent accessed these platforms for recruiting more candidates this year, as compared to 50 per cent in 2013.
“Recruiters are relying increasingly on professional networking platforms to attract and engage quality candidates, as business growth demands quality talent to be acquired quickly,” LinkedIn India Director (Talent Solutions) Irfan Abdulla said.
The LinkedIn survey covered over 4,125 talent acquisition leaders globally, including 300 in India across 14 industries.
The survey, which also looks into recruitment trends for 2015, ranked India at the third place globally in terms of hiring passive candidates (who are currently not actively seeking a new job).
With 69 per cent companies recruiting passive talent in India, the country was behind China (83 per cent) and the US (72 per cent) on the parameter.
“As talent leaders in India are also increasingly targeting ‘passive’ talent or quality candidates who are not actively seeking their next job, recruiters need to devise a more intelligent hiring strategy to stay ahead of this trend,” Abdulla said.
Further, the survey findings showed that at 86 per cent, Indian companies ranked fifth in recruiting students and young professionals.
Interestingly, 88 per cent of large Indian companies and 84 per cent of small Indian companies recruit students and young professionals in India, the survey said.
A majority (79 per cent) of Indian talent acquisition leaders surveyed also said that employer brand had a significant impact on their ability to hire great talent.
“How a recruiter shapes and influences a candidate’s perception of the organisation as a place to work is a major task for any talent organisation or HR function,” Abdulla said.
“In fact, more and more brands in India are using social professional networks to spread their employer story and build a strong employer brand,” he added.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

India to be our biggest mkt in next few mths...Amazon
(OnePlus, announced its…)
NEW DELHI: Bullish on the multi-billion dollar opportunity in the Indian smartphone segment, Chinese handset maker OnePlus today said it expects India to become its biggest market in the next few months.
At present, China is the biggest market for OnePlus, which announced its foray into India today with the launch of its 'One' smartphone at Rs 21,999.
"In the next few months, we expect India to be our biggest market, it will overtake China," OnePlus India General Manager Vikas Agarwal said.
In line with its global practice, users in India will receive India-specific invites through OnePlus and Amazon.in . The two platforms have been integrated so that invites can be used to purchase the device exclusively on eCommerce major, Amazon.in.
"We will bring in as many devices as possible in sync with our production capacity. Cumulatively, till mid-October, we have already sold 500,000 devices (globally)," he added.
This is the first time that OnePlus has entered a new market with local presence and collaboration with a local partner.
It has set up a local team in India, led by Agarwal, for marketing and sales. The Chinese startup is also putting together an engineering team in Bangalore in the next few months.
OnePlus One sports a 2.5GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor, 5.5-inch display, 3GB RAM, 64GB memory, 13MP rear and 5MP front camera, 3,100 mAh battery, 4G support and NFC.
It runs CyanogenMod 11S, a custom aftermarket version of Android, developed by Cyanogen.
OnePlus is developing its own version of Android Lollipop-based OS (the latest version), which will be released for Indian users next month. A final build of the OS will be released in February next year.
The company has partnered with HCL Care to offer after- sales service across 20 cities in India.
India, which is one of the fastest growing smartphone markets globally, is also one of the most lucrative opportunities that handset makers are vying for.
In the last few months, new players like Xiaomi, Oppo and Jolla have entered the Indian market to challenge established players like Samsung, Micromax and Nokia (now Microsoft Devices).
According to IDC, about 44 million smartphones were sold last year. For 2014, it expects the number to cross 80.57 million units.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Syndicate Bank raises Rs 750 cr to strengthen capital baseSyndicate Bank raises Rs 750 cr to strengthen capital base
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, Dec 2:  
Syndicate Bank has raised Tier II capital of Rs 750 crore through a bond offering to augment long term resources and strengthen its capital base.
In a statement, the bank said it has raised unsecured non-convertible reedemable 10 year Basel III compliant Tier II bond of Rs 750 crore at 8.95 per cent on a private placement basis. The bond issue was closed on Monday.
Syndicate Bank's bond issue was assigned AA+ rating both by ICRA and CARE. The Syndicate Bank scrip ended 5.78 per cent higher at Rs 136.35 on the BSE on Tuesday in a flat market.
The Manipal-headquartered Syndicate Bank had reported a 33 per cent decline in net profit for the September quarter at Rs 316 crore on higher provisioning and flat interest income.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Intel to deliver digital literacy across 1 000 village PanchayatsIntel to deliver digital literacy across 1,000 village panchayats
Our Bureau
Tweet
Promoting digital skills Vikas Jain, Co-Founder, Micromax Informatics, Debjani Ghosh, VP (Sales and Marketing Group), MD - Intel South Asia, Timothy Q Parker, VP (Sales and Marketing Group) Interim GM Asia-Pacific Japan, RS Sharma, Secretary, Department of Electronics and IT, and Aruna Sundararajan, Administrator (USOF) and CMD–BBNL, at the launch of the ‘Intel Digital skills for India programme’, in New Delhi, on Tuesday. KAMAL NARANG
New Delhi, Dec 2:  
Intel India has announced plans for delivering digital literacy in the country.
The company has announced plans for training persons at the panchayat levels of 1,000 villages that are set to receive broadband connectivity under the National Optic Fibre Network. Debjani Ghosh, Vice-President Sales and Marketing Group, and Managing Director Intel South Asia, said this was part of the company’s Digital Skills for India programme.
Ghosh added that the capacity of technology in India would be fulfilled only when every single Indian is connected to technology and is able to use it to garner opportunities in education, employment and life.
The US-based chipmaker said that it will work with the Government through this programme to impact at least 5 million Indians by 2015. It has tied up with the Bharat Broadband Network Ltd towards this end.
As part of the digital skills initiative, Intel also announced the launch of Digital Skills Training applications, which would feature information and modules on several key subjects meant especially for the rural demographic — such as information on Jan Dhan Yojana, healthcare, pre-natal health and cleanliness.
Intel further unveiled the Innovate for India Challenge to steer technological innovations relevant to India.
Timothy Q Parker, Vice-President Sales and Marketing Group, Acting General Manager Asia-Pacific Japan, said, “The world is watching India with great interest. Through out technological innovations we strive to provide Indian citizens with computing solutions that are affordable, accessible and easy to use.”
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

FBI investigating hacking into Sony Pictures computersFBI investigating hacking into Sony Pictures computers
PTI
Tweet
Los Angeles, Dec 2:  
The FBI has confirmed an investigation into the computer hacking of Sony Pictures Entertainment that saw several unreleased films of the studio leaking online and forced it to shut down its e-mail service.
A group called Guardians of Peace has claimed responsibility for hacking into the Sony computers a week ago but it is still not known whether they are responsible.
The hackers gained access to the studio’s system and arranged for a bizarre image and poorly worded text to appear on the computer screens of employees.
The FBI confirmed that they were investigating the hacking at Sony, said the Hollywood Reporter.
“The FBI is working with our interagency partners to investigate the recently reported cyber intrusion at Sony Pictures Entertainment,” the agency said in a statement on Monday.
“The targeting of public and private sector computer networks remains a significant threat, and the FBI will continue to identify, pursue and defeat individuals and groups who pose a threat in cyberspace.”
GOP threatened that the initial hacking was “just a beginning” and threatened to release more sensitive data claiming “We’ve obtained all your Internet data, including your secrets and top secrets. If you don’t obey us, we’ll release data shown below to the world.”
Unreleased films like Annie and To Write Love on Her Arms and Sony’s latest release, Brad Pitt-starrer Fury appeared at piracy Web sites over Thanksgiving weekend
Sony is investigating a possible link to North Korea as they believe the hack may have been a retaliation to their upcoming film The Interview starring James Franco and Seth Rogen. The comedy revolves around two CIA recruits who are assigned the task of assassinating North Korea dictator Kim Jong-un.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Opposition demands Niranjan Jyoti s ouster over hate speech  minister offers apologyComments
Minister of state for food processing industries Niranjan Jyoti Tuesday tendered an apology in Parliament for using abusive language at an election campaign in Delhi but failed to douse the opposition fire even as the Bharatiya Janata Party Tuesday said the issue should not be stretched.
Minister of state for food processing industries Niranjan Jyoti used expletives while campaigning for the BJP in Delhi. (HT File Photo)
On Monday, Jyoti had said people of Delhi must decide if they wanted a government of Ramzaadon (followers of Ram) or a government of those who are illegitimate.
Union minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said in Rajya Sabha the government did not support Jyoti's remark, but he also asked the Opposition to "maintain decorum."
Naqvi said those in the government and the opposition should use dignified language and in the past UPA ministers too had crossed the line many times.
As Rajya Sabha session was adjourned for a third time, finance minister Arun Jaitley said Jyoti's comments were "improper and unacceptable".
He said since the minister had apologised and withdrawn her statement, "what happens outside isn't within domain of this House".
But BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra seemed to be defending her by saying it was a "slip of tongue" and the issue should not be politicised.
The saffron party also hit out at Congress, saying several of its leaders too have made objectionable remarks in the past.
"But have they ever been asked to resign? When did Congress sack them from the party? And they are called experienced leaders while Sadhvi Niranjan has become MP for the first time," UP BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpai said.
According to reports, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has asked party MPs to abstain from addressing the nation and also condemned the comments made by Jyoti.
Modi asked the MPs to avoid making uncalled for statements at the parliamentary board meeting held ahead of Parliament session on Tuesday.
Opposition demands resignation
The issue rocked both the Houses as agitated opposition MPs disrupted proceedings, seeking an explanation from the Prime Minister and demanding an apology from Jyoti, who joined the Narendra Modi's cabinet early last month.
The remarks drew the ire of Opposition which protested in Parliament following which Jyoti expressed "deep regret" and apologised for her actions saying she did not intend to hurt anyone's feelings.
"My intention was not to hurt anyone. If my speech outside the House has hurt anyone, I express my deep regrets," Jyoti said in Lok Sabha.
She said if certain words spoken by her outside the House have hurt someone, she is ready to take back her words and offer regrets. She also said she is ready to seek an apology.
The Opposition, however, refused to accept her apology and said she must resign or should be removed from her post.
Drama in House
As soon as Lok Sabha met for the day, Mallikarjun Kharge, leader of the Congress, took up the issue with Speaker Sumitra Mahajan.
Kharge said the "objectionable" language used by Jyoti had created tension at a time when there had been quite a few communal riots.
Several Congress and Trinamool Congress members, too, rushed to the Well, shouting slogans.
Both Houses saw brief adjournments over the protests, even as Mahajan cautioned all members to be mindful of their speech.
"The Prime Minister should give an explanation," Congress leader Anand Sharma said.
Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) supremo Mayawati said the minister's remarks were against the secular ethos espoused by the Constitution and do not behold a person occupying a constitutional post.
The BJP should sack her, she said.
Mayawati and CPI(M) MP Sitaram Yechury demanded that an FIR be filed against Jyoti.
The Congress alleged that Jyoti had insulted the people of Delhi and she should issue an apology while the Aam Aadmi Party said it was the BJP's real face.
"The divisive thinking and divisive politics of the BJP has been exposed," Congress leader Ambika Soni said.
Manish Sisodia of Aam Aadmi Party said, "This is the real character of BJP. Their language shows what kind of work they are doing at the Centre and what kind of work they will do for Delhi."
Members of Congress, TMC, SP and other opposition parties rushed to the Well during the uproar over her remarks leading to four adjournments in Rajya Sabha and one in Lok Sabha during pre-lunch sitting.
Later, outside Parliament, the minister was asked about demands for her resignation.
"I have apologised and I have nothing else to say," she replied.
Following the controversy, Jyoti said, "I did not take name of any particular individual, community or party. I was talking about separatist parties and leaders who think of dividing the country..."
She later clarified her statement was for those who didn't believe in Ram and unified India, adding her remarks must not be given any communal overtone.
"Those who have sold the country, made it bankrupt, people will not voter for such people. Is it a crime to talk about Ram? How can talking about Ram be communal?"
"Muslims offer namaz in mosques, we do no object. Christians pray in churches, we do not object. Then talking about Ram should not be termed as communal. And those who call me communal, I would say what could be more communal than this."
"Do you want a government of people who believe in Ram, a government that believes in people. And i would like to say one more thing, be it Hindu or a Christian in the country, he is an offspring of Ram. And those who refuse to believe this, will never believe in this country also," she said.
Jyoti is credited with helping the ruling BJP make inroads among the Dalit and backward classes in the politically crucial state of Uttar Pradesh.
She is among the six BJP MPs drafted into the party's campaign for the Delhi polls due early next year.
( With PTI inputs)

RBI keeps key interest rates unchanged  EMIs won t go down for nowNo EMI relief as RBI guv keeps rates intact
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Mumbai/New Delhi, December 02, 2014
First Published: 11:07 IST(2/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:29 IST(3/12/2014)
Comments
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Raghuram Rajan dashed expectations of the government, consumers and business leaders as he kept lending rates unchanged on Tuesday despite plunging inflation and mounting pressure to ease borrowing costs to aid a revival.
RBI governor Raghuram Rajan laughs while replying to a question during a news conference after the bi-monthly monetary policy review in Mumbai on Tuesday. (Reuters)
Unchanged interest rates would imply your home loan EMIs, which eat away large chunks of household incomes, are unlikely to fall anytime soon.
High loan rates could influence people’s decision to buy houses, cars and other consumer goods, mostly bought through loans.
The benchmark lending rate has remained unchanged since January last year, demonstrating the RBI governor’s unwavering commitment to keep inflation firmly bottled up for longer period of time,  before softening of the rather hawkish stance.
Budding revival signs in the broader economy and falling inflation rates had rekindled hopes that the RBI would lower loan rates to assist companies’ investment plans, critical to spin jobs and multiply income.
Rajan retained the repo rate -- the rate at which banks borrow from RBI -- at 8%, and kept the cash reserve ratio (CRR)-- the proportion of deposits banks to have to park with the central bank -- at 4%, in the bi-month monetary policy review.
Retail inflation eased in to a three-year low of 5.52% in October, below the central bank's target of 6% by 2016.
India’s wholesale inflation rate -- the main gauge to capture country-wide price movements -- has also plunged to a five-year low of 1.77% in October, triggering a chorus of demand for lower borrowing costs to boost investment and consumer spending.
The next monetary policy is scheduled for February 3, 2015, but Rajan did not rule out a rate revision outside of the policy calendar depending on future price movements.
“A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature. However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle,” Rajan said.
Analysts said the RBI governor could wait for cues to come from the next year’s Union budget in February before initiating any rate action.
Industry leaders have been ratcheting up their demand for cheaper loans with the government also hoping that the central bank would signal a reversal of its prolonged hawkish stance that some see as affecting capacity expansion plans.
According to experts low and stable interest rates are critical to fast-track roads, ports, airports, and railways projects to create jobs, raise non-farm incomes and catalyse large scale industrialisation across India.
Rajan, however, made it abundantly clear that the RBI would not change its stance until the central bank was convinced to have fully tamed inflation.
“The way to sustainable growth is to have low and stable inflation. We are talking of years of sustainable growth,” he said.
The RBI governor said that the key to a turnaround in the growth path of the economy in the second half of the year is a revival in investment activity –- in new as well as stalled projects –- supported by fiscal consolidation, stronger export performance and lower overall inflation.

Ahead of the Bell: US construction spending... 
December 2, 2014 06:09 AM EST | Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Commerce Department reports on U.S. construction spending in October. The report will be issued Tuesday at 10 a.m. Eastern.
SALES REBOUND: Economists expect that construction spending rose 0.6 percent in October, according to a survey by data firm FactSet. That would reverse two consecutive months of declines. Construction spending fell 0.4 percent in September and 0.5 percent in August.
Building activity has been slowly improving for much of 2014, although its contribution to broader economic growth has been relatively modest. Homebuilding has increased very slowly, limited by meager wage gains that have barely outpaced inflation. That has cut into the amount of money that people have to spend on homes or rent.
Total construction spending has risen just 2.9 percent over the past 12 months ended in September.  Spending on hospitals and health care facilities slid during that period, with the losses being offset by increased office and commercial construction.
Home construction has ticked up a mere 0.7 percent. New-home sales have risen only 1 percent, according to a separate Commerce Department report. Builders are largely targeting wealthier buyers which can boost profits but often means less construction to fuel economic growth. The median price of a new home has risen 15.4 percent in the past 12 months to $305,000, a pace that's more than double the average annual price increase for sales of existing homes tracked by the National Association of Realtors.
Still, builders are hiring at a slightly faster clip than last year. Construction companies are adding an average of 14,000 workers a month so far this year, compared with a monthly average of 11,083 in 2013. The challenge is that stronger hiring and economic growth during 2014 has yet to translate into the wage growth that could further propel construction spending and hiring.
Architectural firms are reporting greater demand for their services, however, a sign that construction spending should improve in the months ahead.
The American Institute of Architects said that its October billings index was 53.7. Any score above 50 indicates that billings increased. A breakdown of the index suggests that municipal governments and non-profits are spending more on architectural designs, after having kept their spending in check during the more than five-year recovery from the Great Recession.

Taiwan leader quitting as party chief after polls...and
versions
TAIPEI, Taiwan (AP) — China called on Taiwan on Wednesday to stay the course of deepening exchanges between the sides following a stunning electoral defeat for the island's ruling pro-China Nationalist Party.
The statement posted to the website of the Cabinet's Taiwan Affairs Office followed Taiwanese President Ma Ying-jeou's announcement that he is stepping down as party chairman to take responsibility for the loss of nine city and county elections over the weekend.
The election results reflected concerns over Ma's moves to integrate Taiwan's economy with China's, seen by many as a step toward Beijing's goal of gaining political control over the island.
Greater interaction between the sides has brought "tangible benefits" to both, Taiwan Affairs Office spokesman Fan Liqing was quoted as saying in the statement.
"We hope that ... exchanges and cooperation in all fields will continue to deepen and the people development of relations between the two sides will continue to advance," Fan said.
Ma is expected to formally tender his resignation on Wednesday after nine years as party chairman, although he will remain president for the final two years of his second four-year term.
"Over the last 120 years, the Nationalist Party has encountered countless failures, but has never been categorically defeated and each time we pick ourselves back up again," Ma said in a statement issued Tuesday. "Let us take today's loss and turn it into a new victorious beginning."
The Nationalists losses on Saturday included defeats in longtime strongholds Taipei, the capital, and the major central city of Taichung. The main opposition Democratic Progressive Party that favors formal independence for the island picked up seven of those seats, with independents winning two others.
China claims Taiwan as part of its territory and has vowed to respond to any formal independence declaration with force.
Young Taiwanese blame competition from China for suppressing wages, and there is little enthusiasm here for merging the island's vibrant democracy with Beijing's authoritarian one-party system.
Niu Jun, a Taiwan expert at China's Peking University, said the trend of closer economic ties across the Taiwan Strait probably is irreversible. But he said the election results reveal the discontent among young voters and those in basic industries over their failure to share in the fruits of Ma's policy of strengthening ties with China.
"So it is a question whether the benefits of the cross-Strait relations have been shared by the whole society, and Ma failed to take enough notice of that," Niu said.
The electoral battering puts the Nationalist Party on the defensive ahead of the 2016 presidential election. Two potential Nationalist candidates to succeed Ma as president — Vice President Wu Den-yih and outgoing Taipei Mayor Hau Lung-bin — resigned their party vice chairman posts following the election defeats.
A former Japanese colony, Taiwan split from the Chinese mainland amid civil war in 1949. Although the sides have no formal relations, the Nationalists have engaged extensively with China's ruling Communist Party in recent years.
Since 2008, Taiwan and China have signed 21 trade, transit and investment agreements, but protesters in March occupied parliament in Taipei to stop ratification of a China trade liberalization deal.
Following the weekend elections, Premier Jiang Yi-huah and his Cabinet members tendered their formal resignations but remained on as a caretaker government.
Having lost his authority over Nationalist lawmakers, Ma could find it harder to convince them to support his pro-China policies such as the stalled trade deal, said Lai I-chung, vice president of Taiwan Think Tank.
"Controversial deals in the legislature won't be able to see the light of day," he said.
___
Bodeen reported from Beijing. Associated Press news assistant Yu Bing in Beijing contributed to this report.

Black Friday breaks records at John LewisBlack Friday breaks records at John Lewis
Andrea Felsted, Claer Barrett and Joel Lewin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eadbada4-79fa-11e4-9b34-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pakistani military says jets kill 17militantsBy: Associated Press | Islamabad |
Posted: December 2, 2014 5:07 pm
Pakistan’s army says its jets have killed 17 militants as part of an ongoing operation in a troubled tribal region near the Afghan border.
An army statement says Tuesday’s airstrikes were carried out in the North Waziristan tribal region, where the military has been carrying out a major operation since June.
It said some foreigners were included among those “terrorists” killed in the strikes.
It provided no details and the identity of the slain militants was not known.
The Pakistani army says it has killed about 1,200 militants since the operation began on June 15. The area is closed to journalists. There is no way to independently confirm the information.
The operation is aimed at eliminating those Pakistani and foreign militants accused of launching attacks in Pakistan and neighboring Afghanistan.

Ukraine government  rebels agree on newcease-fireBy: Associated Press | Kiev |
Posted: December 2, 2014 5:06 pm
International monitors in eastern Ukraine say government troops and Russian-backed separatist forces in the Luhansk region have agreed on a new cease-fire.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe said in a statement late Monday that hostilities will cease Friday along the line of contact between the warring sides.
The OSCE said it was agreed at negotiations that took place Saturday that heavy weapons will start being withdrawn from the front at the weekend.
A similar deal was reached Monday to end fighting over the airport in the capital of the more heavily populated Donetsk region, but rocket barrages continued for hours in that area all the same.
A cease-fire was nominally agreed in early September, but hundreds have been killed since then amid daily violations of that truce.

Mamata Banerjees West Bengal suffers Rs 13600 cr annual post-harvest farmlossBy: Press Trust of India | Kolkata |
Posted: December 2, 2014 5:05 pm
The post-harvest fruits and vegetable losses are valued at over Rs 13,600 crore annually for West Bengal, according to a study condicted by a UK based engineers institution.
“West Bengal faces a shortfall of 12 lakh metric tonnes of cold storage capacity. The post-harvest fruits and vegetable losses are worth over Rs 13,600 crore annually,” Head of Energy and Environment of Institution of Mechanical Engineers (IME) Tim Fox said.
IME had recently conducted a study, “A Tank of Cold: Cleantech Leapfrog to a more food secure world” on farm losses in the country and trying to sentitise cost-effective technologies in cold chain, the most crucial element in stemming farm losses.
In 2013, West Bengal was India’s leading horticulture producing state with over 27,000 tonne of fruits and vegetables accounting for over 10 per cent share of India but the state has only 5.682 million tonnes of functioning cold storage capacity out of national capacity of 30.11 million tonne, the study said.
The institution forecast India’s investment in cold chain to be USD 15 billion over the next five years.
The study highlights that India is the world’s largest producer of milk, and second only to China in fruit and vegetables. Yet agriculture, which makes up 53% of the workforce, generates just 15 per cent of GDP.
The study also points that lack of proper handling and an inadequate cold and frozen supply chain or ‘cold chain’ leads to losses of perishable food produce, such as fruit and vegetables, of as much as 50 per cent every year in India.

Shiv Sena to join Fadnavis govt  accepts offer of 12 cabinetberthsWritten by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |
Posted: December 2, 2014 5:03 pm | Updated: December 3, 2014 11:20 am
Finally, the stage is set for cabinet expansion in Maharashtra on Friday, after Shiv Sena agreed to join the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government in Maharashtra.
The BJP has offered Shiv Sena 12 cabinet posts. It includes five cabinet rank and seven minister of state rank. The four important portfolios which have been offered to Sena includes ministry of industry, public works department, energy, water resources.
The Shiv Sena also agreed to give up its claim for home minister and deputy chief minister posts thus paving the way for the saffron partnership to provide a stable government in Maharashtra.
On Tuesday, Shiv Sena (MP), Anil Desai said, “The Sena president Uddhav Thackeray has received a formal proposal from the BJP. The Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis and Thackeray are directly talking on the matter.”
He indicated that the formal decision would be pronounced in a couple of days.
Insiders in the Sena revealed to Indian Express, “The Sena-BJP deal is almost done. The announcement will take place when chief minister returns to Mumbai.” Fadnavis left for Nagpur on Tuesday morning after the meeting which went on till early hours.
Apart from the cabinet power share, Sena and BJP leaders have also drawn a road map for the coming local body elections beginning from March next year.
Highly placed sources said, “Fadnavis will discuss the matter with BJP president Amit Shah today.”
The Sena and BJP leaders on Monday held meetings which went on till Tuesday 2.45 am to thrash out the differences related to portfolios and total number of cabinet berths in the government.
At present Fadnavis government has nine council of ministers. The total cabinet strength is likely to be of 36 ministers of which 12 will represent Sena and 24 BJP.
Both the sides have begun the process of shortlisting the names of their candidates to be inducted in the Fadnavis Cabinet.

Human eye can see invisible infraredlightBy: Press Trust of India | Washington |
Posted: December 2, 2014 4:52 pm
Any science textbook will tell you that humans cannot see infrared light, but researchers have found that under certain conditions our eyes can actually detect the ‘invisible’ light.
Like X-rays and radio waves, infrared light waves are outside the visual spectrum.
Using cells from the retinas of mice and people, and powerful lasers that emit pulses of infrared light, the researchers found that when laser light pulses rapidly, light-sensing cells in the retina sometimes get a double hit of infrared energy.
When that happens, the eye is able to detect light that falls outside the visible spectrum.
“We’re using what we learned in these experiments to try to develop a new tool that would allow physicians to not only examine the eye but also to stimulate specific parts of the retina to determine whether it’s functioning properly,” said senior investigator Vladimir J Kefalov, associate professor of ophthalmology and visual sciences at Washington University.
The study was initiated after scientists reported seeing occasional flashes of green light while working with an infrared laser.
Unlike the laser pointers used in lecture halls or as toys, the powerful infrared laser the scientists worked with emits light waves thought to be invisible to the human eye.
“They were able to see the laser light, which was outside of the normal visible range, and we really wanted to figure out how they were able to sense light that was supposed to be invisible,” said Frans Vinberg, one of the study’s lead authors.
Researchers examined the scientific literature and revisited reports of people seeing infrared light.
They repeated previous experiments in which infrared light had been seen, and they analysed such light from several lasers to see what they could learn about how and why it sometimes is visible.
“We experimented with laser pulses of different durations that delivered the same total number of photons, and we found that the shorter the pulse, the more likely it was a person could see it,” Vinberg said.
“Although the length of time between pulses was so short that it couldn’t be noticed by the naked eye, the existence of those pulses was very important in allowing people to see this invisible light,” Vinberg added.
The findings are published in the journal PNAS.

Jet turns full service  to compete with Air India and VistaraUpdated: December 2, 2014 22:17 IST
Jet Airways turns full service, to compete with Air India and Vistara
Special Correspondent
Tweet
Reuters
Jet Airways will offer a two class, full service product to its passengers with a complimentary meal or snacks onboard all domestic flights. File photo
The Hindu
A file photo of Jet Airways CEO Cramer Ball. Photo: S. Subramanium
TOPICS
air transport
As per a business restructuring plan, Jet Airways starting Tuesday commenced the roll out of a full service product on all flights across its domestic network. This marks an end to no-frill services offered by Jet Konnect and JetLite. JetLite as a separate legal entity will continue to operate but will offer only full service flights.
In the full service space now Jet Airways will compete with national carrier Air India and the soon to be launched airline Vistara, a joint venture between Tata Group and Singapore Airlines. Currently, the market is dominated by no frill airlines such as IndiGo, SpiceJet, Go Air and AirAsia India which carry bulk of the passengers.
Henceforth, Jet Airways will offer a two class, full service product to its passengers with a complimentary meal or snacks onboard all domestic flights.
This move has been influenced by Etihad Airways which last year picked up 24 per cent stake in the Naresh Goyal controlled airline. Currently, Etihad is integrating its operations with Jet Airways' to have an edge over its Gulf based rival carriers.
The move to a full service brand is a part of the company’s approved business plan announced in August this year to ensure a turnaround the airline in three years.
“We hope that our move to a full service brand, across all flights demonstrates our commitment to continually enhance the service and hospitality we offer our guests,” said Cramer Ball, CEO of Jet Airways in a statement.
“I firmly believe that this move to a full service carrier… will help Jet Airways redefine the service paradigm in Indian skies. We are all committed to delivering the best domestic full service product in India,” he added.
As part of the revamped business plan, the airline will offer convenient connections on its domestic network to over 51 destinations across India with over 450 daily domestic flights.
JetPrivilege members will also earn JPMiles in line with the accrual structure of a full service flights. The program will offer passengers easy tier retention, faster tier upgrades, improved tier benefits, easy redemptions, a minimum of 500 JPMiles on every flight, and a wide range of 150 partners to choose from, the airline said.
Jet Airways shares closed with a gain of 8.29 per cent at Rs. 377 on the BSE.

Results for the Overnight variable rate reverse repo auction held on December 02  2014Dec 02, 2014, 04.55 PM IST  | Source: RBI
Results for the Overnight variable rate reverse repo auction held on December 02, 2014
Results for the Overnight variable rate reverse repo auction held on December 02, 2014
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Results for the Overnight variable rate reverse repo auction held on December 02, 2014
Results for the Overnight variable rate reverse repo auction held on December 02, 2014
Post your opinion here

Turkey  Russia look to shake up gas market...SUZAN FRASER and PABLO GORONDI | December 2, 2014 06:57 AM EST | Associated Press
ANKARA, Turkey (AP) — Turkey and Russia are looking to shake up the energy market in southeastern Europe, after Moscow scrapped a multibillion dollar pipeline project that was to cross the region and instead sought to create a link to Turkey.
Spiraling tensions between Europe and Russia were behind Moscow's decision to scrap the South Stream pipeline, which would have traveled through many Balkan states. Countries in the region on Tuesday were counting the political and financial cost of the shift.
Turkey stands to benefit from the prospect of becoming a major transit country for Russian gas. Turkish Energy Minister Taner Yildiz said Tuesday his government will study the Russian proposal.
Yildiz said the proposal would boost Turkish aims of becoming a world energy hub but said it was too early to "pronounce a final word."
"It will be studied and the results of the study will be presented to our president and prime minister," Yildiz said.
In the European countries that were preparing for the South Stream to cross their territories, governments were assessing the fallout of the project's collapse.
Hungary in particularly had been a proponent of the project, clashing with the European Union, which was opposed to its building amid concerns of allowing Russia to own a pipeline on the bloc's territory.
Hungary's opposition parties said Tuesday that Russia's decision to cancel the South Stream pipeline shows Prime Minister Viktor Orban was wrong to cozy up to Moscow. The Liberal Party said it was an "ugly and spectacular" failure by the government.
Hungarian Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto said the government will look for new options to improve its long-term supply of energy.
___
Gorondi reported from Budapest.

Otsuka to buy US drugmaker Avanir for $3.5B...and
versions
Otsuka Pharmaceutical will spend $3.5 billion in cash to buy Avanir Pharmaceuticals in a deal that expands the Japanese drugmaker's portfolio of neurologic disease treatments.
Avanir shareholders will receive $17 per share, according to the agreement announced Tuesday. That represents a 13 percent premium over Avanir's closing price Monday.
Avanir makes Nuedexta, which treats a condition called pseudobulbar affect. The ailment is tied to diseases like multiple sclerosis or traumatic brain injuries and involves involuntary emotional outbursts such as laughing or crying. Nuedexta, which Avanir launched in the United States in 2011, brought in $94 million in revenue in the year that ended last June.
Avanir Pharmaceuticals Inc., based in Aliso Viejo, California, was founded in 1988 and employs about 500 people. It also has developed a treatment, now in late-stage testing, for agitation associated with Alzheimer's disease. Its pipeline of drugs under development also includes potential Parkinson's disease and migraine treatments.
Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. employs more than 28,000 people and is a subsidiary of Otsuka Holdings Co. Ltd.
The boards of both companies have approved the deal, which is expected to close in next year's first quarter.
Shares of Avanir jumped nearly 13 percent, or $1.91, to $16.91 Tuesday, hours before markets opened. The stock has soared since closing 2013 at $3.36.

Turkey to weigh Russian natural gas link plan... 
December 2, 2014 06:17 AM EST | Associated Press
ANKARA, Turkey (AP) — Turkey's energy minister says his country will weigh a Russian proposal to set up a new natural gas link to Turkey and the possible creation of gas hub on its border with Greece.
Taner Yildiz spoke Tuesday a day after visiting Russian President Vladimir Putin announced that Moscow is spiking a multibillion dollar gas pipeline project for southern Europe amid spiraling tensions with the West. Putin said Russia will instead focus on boosting energy ties with Turkey.
Yildiz said the proposal would boost Turkish aims of becoming a world energy hub but said it was too early to "pronounce a final word" on it.
The minister said: "It will be studied and the results of the study will be presented to our president and prime minister."

The pain and gain from the fall in crude pricesThe pain and gain from the fall in crude prices
35 militants killed in Pakistan s tribal region35 militants killed in Pakistan s tribal region
Gold dips 1 per cent as dollar strengthens  oil retreatsGold dips 1 per cent as dollar strengthens  oil retreats
Alliance Integrated Metaliks: Outcome of board meetingAlliance Integrated Metaliks: Outcome of board meeting
Current policy stance is favorable for rupee: Geofin ComtradeCurrent policy stance is favorable for rupee: Geofin Comtrade
Lufthansa pilots strike on long-haul flightsLufthansa pilots strike on long-haul flights
WHO revises down Liberia Ebola death toll to 3 145WHO revises down Liberia Ebola death toll to 3 145
Mewar Polytex: EGM on Dec 20  2014Dec 02, 2014, 05.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Mewar Polytex: EGM on Dec 20, 2014
Mewar Polytex has informed that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company will be held on December 20, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mewar Polytex: EGM on Dec 20, 2014
Mewar Polytex has informed that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company will be held on December 20, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Mewar Polytex Ltd has informed BSE that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company will be held on December 20, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

SEBI research analysts norms to be effective from Dec. 1Updated: November 28, 2014 23:00 IST
SEBI research analysts norms to be effective from Dec. 1
Special Correspondent
securities
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) on Friday said the SEBI (Research Analysts) Regulations, 2014 (RA Regulations), would come into effect from December 1. This was notified on September 1. “No person shall act as research analyst or research entity or hold itself out as research analyst unless he has obtained a certificate of registration from SEBI under these regulations unless an exemption specifically applies,” SEBI said in a release.

Saarc summit salvaged after Modi-Sharif handshakeComments
Will they or won’t they? It was like a gripping thriller. As Saarc concluded, leaders on the stage walked up to bid each other farewell.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi shakes hands with his Pakistani counterpart Nawaz Sharif at the 18th SAARC Summit in Kathmandu, Nepal. (PTI Photo)
A few heads of government — including Narendra Modi — were huddled together. Nawaz Sharif was having a final word with the Nepali foreign minister. But all eyes were on what would happen next.
Sharif took a few steps to his right and Modi, almost simultaneously with studied casualness, moved a bit left. And there it was. No one could say the other did not make an effort — that has been the reason for no meeting in this trip, with both sides putting the onus on the other to request for one. ‘National pride’ and civility were maintained after the cold vibes of the first day of the summit.
Modi and Sharif shook hands.
The hall erupted with applause. Other leaders broke into smiles.
Spurred by the applause, they continued the handshake, they smiled and even laughed.
Watch: Modi, Sharif shake hands at SAARC closing event
The stage had been set earlier in the day, at a retreat in Dhulikhel, on the outskirts of Kathmandu. Leaders were flying there in a chopper in alphabetical order of the names of their countries. Modi arrived at 10.30am, and spent time with Afghanistan’s President Ashraf Ghani and Bhutan’s Prime Minister Tshering Tobgay. When Sharif arrived, he and Modi ‘exchanged pleasantries’, as ministry of external affairs spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin put it.
All leaders also sat around the same table for lunch for over an hour and there was, in all likelihood, exchanges between the two about Saarc issues. It was during this meeting that Pakistan shed its objection to an agreement on energy cooperation. But no separate conversation occurred between Modi and Sharif on bilateral issues.
HT had reported earlier that interface between Modi and Sharif was certain — but the big question was if it would be a mere handshake, a full meeting, or a brief chat. The countries settled for the lowest common denominator.
But it gave something to the hosts to cheer about, for it was in Nepal in 2002 that Pervez Musharraf walked up to Atal Bihari Vajpayee on the stage after the Parliament attack.
Sushil Koirala told reporters later that the issue was being over blown. “Right from the beginning, when I read the papers, it was a surprise actually. Both of them were talking in a very friendly way and shook hands every time in every meeting.”
Was it his initiative? Koirala said, “How does it matter?” But Indian sources said Nepal had provided an ‘outstanding’ environment at the retreat.
The handshake showed the utility and weakness of the Saarc platform. It got two leaders who haven’t been on talking terms together. But the fact that a mere handshake draws so much attention is a testament to the long way Delhi and Islamabad, and Saarc, have to go.

Black Friday Shopping Is Down  But Stay Tuned for Christmasblack friday shopping is down  but stay tuned for christmas
Rajan may hold key rates despite pressure for a cutAnand Adhikari      Follow @anandadhikari    Last Updated: December 1, 2014  | 21:02 IST
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan (Photo: Reuters)
Reserve Bank of  India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan is widely expected to keep the repo rate, the central bank's main policy rate, steady at 8 per cent in the bi-monthly review of monetary policy on Tuesday, December 2.
"There must be some predictability in monetary policy. That is what the RBI is trying to achieve by waiting for a more sustained fall in inflation," says Romesh Sobti, Managing Director and CEO of IndusInd Bank. Sobti, however, adds that bankers would like to be pleasantly surprised.
The RBI, under the celebrated economist Rajan, is waiting for the consumer price index, or retail inflation, to ease below its targeted levels. A low and stable inflation is a perquisite for long-term sustainable growth. The RBI had earlier set a CPI target of 8 per cent till January 2015 and 6 per cent for January 2016.
The CPI has been easing for the past few months. The price index was at 5.52 per cent in October from 6.46 per cent in September. The biggest worry is on food inflation, which has a share of almost half in the CPI basket. Concerns of rising food inflation have been built into the RBI's model of inflation prediction, which is at 7 per cent by the fourth quarter of 2015/16. This predicted level is much higher than the target of 6 per cent by January 2016.
While crude oil prices have been falling, the rupee has slightly depreciated in the past two months. The local currency has slipped to 62 levels against the US dollar because of concerns of higher fiscal deficit and as the greenback broadly strengthens. The US has already withdrawn the  bond buying programme under quantitative easing to pump money into its economy. The indications are that the US economy will soon hit the growth path, which could shift dollars back from emerging markets to the US. This means some pressure on currencies in emerging markets including India.
Many bankers say there will be pressure on the RBI to reduce interest rates as there has been a steady fall in growth. As per latest data, economic growth fell to 5.3 per cent in July-September as compared to 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter of the current fiscal year. The economy expanded at less than five per cent in the past two fiscal years. The corporate sector, especially over-leveraged companies, are suffering because of high interest rates.
There are some who say the pressure would mount on Rajan from the external members of the RBI's technical  advisory committee that suggests what action the central bank should take. In the September policy review, four of seven members voted for a rate cut, which Rajan overruled. This time, there are expectations of more members joining the chorus for a rate cut.

Jurors to Hear Steve Jobs Testimony at Apple TrialIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Fewer Cyber Monday Shoppers Expected This Yearfewer cyber monday shoppers expected this year
How deep is the dark webWelcome to the web’s dark side
Maija Palmer
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/06cc026e-7566-11e4-a1a9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Suspect in W.Va. shooting rampage found deadBy Elahe Izadi December 1 Follow @ElaheIzadi
Jody Lee Hunt (Courtesy of West Virginia State Police)
Police in West Virginia said on Monday night that the suspect in a series of fatal shootings has been found dead.
The body of Jody Lee Hunt, a 39-year-old man from Westover, W.V., was discovered in his truck, hours after a shooting spree left four people dead and prompted police to launch a manhunt.
The Monongalia County Sheriff’s Department and West Virginia State Police confirmed to  CBS affiliate WDTV that Hunt was found dead “with an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head off of U.S. Route 19 near the Monongalia and Marion County border.”
Police had spent hours Monday searching for Hunt after, they say, he apparently killed four people in a series of shooting incidents in the north-central part of the state.
Sharon Kay Berkshire, 39, and Michael David Frum, 28, were killed in one incident in the Cheat Lake area, the Charleston Gazette reported . Police said two other shootings occurred in the Westover area, the Associated Press reported .
Westover Police Sgt. John Morgan identified Doug Brady as the third victim, the Wall Street Journal reported .  Earlier in the day, police were investigating  a shooting incident at Doug’s Towing , which Brady owns.
“These are all people he has a relationship with, knows. It’s not random,” state police Lt. Michael Baylous told Reuters .
Berkshire had filed a domestic violence case against Hunt last month, the AP reported citing court documents, but no current protective orders were found.
Hunt was last seen wearing a white hat and was likely armed, the Dominion Post reported .
After the shootings, area schools went into lockdown. “We ask that everyone stay vigilant and use their discretion about whether they should leave their homes,” Monongalia County 911 director Mike Wolfe told the AP.
But nearby West Virginia University remains open.
“There is no immediate threat to West Virginia University’s campus. The incident is not associated with WVU nor did it occur on or near campus,” a statement from the university read. Additional campus police patrols will be out monitoring the area, the university said.
[This post has been updated.]
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

End of an Era: Girl Scouts Cookie Sales Go Digitalend of an era: girl scouts cookie sales go digital
India  France to push ahead with Rafale jet dealIndia, France to push ahead with Rafale jet deal
Nigam Prusty        Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 10:09 IST
The French and Indian defence ministers agreed on Monday to overcome any differences and finalise the sale of 126 fighter jets to India in a deal worth an estimated $15 billion, the defence ministry said.
France's Dassault Aviation has been trying to clinch a deal to sell India its Rafale jets since New Delhi chose the company over other foreign plane manufacturers in 2012. But disagreements over cost and work-sharing have slowed talks, while India's weak economy has stretched government finances.
On Monday, French Defence Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian met his Indian counterpart Manohar Parrikar, who was appointed defence minister last month.
"Both sides agreed to take forward the strategic co-operation between the two countries. They discussed all issues including Rafale. It was decided that whatever differences still existed would be resolved in a fast-track manner," said defence ministry spokesman Sitanshu Kar.
Under the deal, which would provide a major boost to French domestic defence manufacturing, the first 18 planes will be made in France and shipped to India, while the remaining 108 will be produced by state-run Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd.
The final phase of exclusive negotiations on the contract should conclude within India's current budget year ending in March 2015, Dassault Chief Executive Eric Trappier said last month.
Rival manufacturers including the makers of the Eurofighter aircraft are hoping that the stalled Rafale deal will collapse, possibly opening the door to negotiations with a new vendor.
(Reuters)

http://usat.ly/1Czg15RThe productivity secret you don't want to hear
Turns out prior experiences and past knowledge kick-start creativity more than thinking outside the box.
Post to Facebook
The productivity secret you don't want to hear Turns out prior experiences and past knowledge kick-start creativity more than thinking outside the box. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1rN4hrL
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
The productivity secret you don't want to hear
Leslie Nguyen-Okwu, OZY 11:45 a.m. EST December 1, 2014
If you build on older ideas you are more likely to be creative, a new study reports.
(Photo: Anthony Harvie/Getty)
6 CONNECT 12 TWEET 7 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Don't believe the old adage to "think outside the box." The new recipe for real inspiration? Old experiences and past knowledge get those creative juices flowing much more than any fancy attempts to innovate your way to the eureka!, says a new study titled "
Do the best design ideas (really) come from conceptually distant sources of inspiration
?" out of the University of Pittsburgh and Carnegie Mellon University. The reason? Trying to find the perfect solution from blind experimentation is a bit like stumbling around in the dark, explains the lead researcher, UPitt's Joel Chan. Chan, a graduate student in psychology who co-wrote the paper with two professors at Pitt and Carnegie Mellon, succinctly rejects the popular premise in the TED Talk age that all disciplinary knowledge is inspirationally transferable. "It's unlikely that you'll get insight for a biology problem if you went to a jazz concert," he says.
Fighting for paid sick leave
Chan and his team sifted through 2,341 concepts from OpenIDEO , a online crowd-sourced innovation platform that addresses various social and environmental issues ranging from the solving the world's e-waste buildup to restoring vibrancy in economically declining cities. On this site, people can post 150-word solutions, which are then evaluated by an expert design panel. Chan's statistical analysis revealed that those participants who cited sources of inspiration related to their own subject matter were actually more creative and were soon favored by the OpenIDEO's expert panel. A conservative finding as far as creativity research goes: "If you build on prior stuff, you're a lot more likely to be creative than when you completely try to break with tradition or completely ignore what has come before."
It's helpful advice for designers like Erik Olesund, a teaching fellow at one mecca of interdisciplinary creativity, Stanford University's Institute of Design. When it comes to creativity, everything is a "remix" of the past, he muses. "Original ideas don't just come out of nothing. It's a combination of all the inspiration and impressions that your brain collects and then builds into new things," Olesund explains. These findings could have real-world implications for any startup, policymaker, writer, artist or inventor in need of a muse. And it's not just about big ideas: Users of online collections that amass and share ideas such as Pinterest and the U.S. patent database can benefit too, by focusing more narrowly. A counterintuitive idea? Sure. But one that just might kick your butt away from your infinite web of procrastination and into high-gear discipline.
OZY is a USA TODAY content partner providing general news, commentary and coverage from around the Web. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1rN4hrL
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer still on the run | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Bajaj Auto motorcycle sales fall 6% in NovemberBajaj Auto motorcycle sales fall 6 per cent in November
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 13:51 IST
Photo: Reuters
Bajaj Auto on Tuesday reported six per cent decline in motorcycle sales at 2,61,94 units in November 2014.
The company had sold 2,78,703 units in the corresponding month of previous year, Bajaj Auto said in a statement.
BAL said exports were up 23.93 per cent during the month at 1,65,733 units as compared to 1,33,731 units in November 2013.
In the commercial vehicles category, its sales stood at 47,311 units, up 48.36 per cent, against 31,888 units in the same month of the previous year.
The total vehicle sales of the company during last month stood at 3,09,259 units, marginally down by 0.42 per cent, against 3,10,591 units in the same month a year ago, the statement added.

http://usat.ly/1twmvJ5FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Stocks end lower as oil price rebounds
The Dow Jones industrial average, S&P 500 and Nasdaq composite ended down by 0.3%, 0.7% and 1.3%, respectively.
Post to Facebook
Stocks end lower as oil price rebounds The Dow Jones industrial average, S&P 500 and Nasdaq composite ended down by 0.3%, 0.7% and 1.3%, respectively. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1y3C6Bu
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks end lower as oil price rebounds
Kim Hjelmgaard , USA TODAY 4:38 p.m. EST December 1, 2014
Video Keywords Dow Jones Industrial Average Federal Reserve Alabama FaceBook
Santa Claus is not something you associate with the stock market, but that’s exactly one of the things on investors’ minds as we head into December. Video by Jason Allen and Kaveh Rezaei
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:05  You might not associate Santa Claus with a stock market
00:08  that Walsh Richard does. I'm John Wagoner and this is America's
00:11  markets. December's the second month and historically strong period for stocks
00:16  and the second best month for Dow Jones Industrial Average the
00:19  past half century. It's also in the Santa Claus rally takes
00:22  place this seven sessions spurt that begins at the end of
00:25  December has delivered gains every year since 2009. Even though the
00:30  market is already racked up an impressive performances at record levels.
00:33  Odds are good for the rally to continue because the Federal
00:36  Reserve isn't likely to change its easy many ways until wages
00:39  pick up. Something that's not gonna happen for awhile. If recent
00:43  patterns persist home builders will be one of the best performing
00:46  industry sectors as 2014 closes out. And small company stocks could
00:51  prosper as investors try to get ahead of the group's traditional
00:54  January rally. Technology stocks which offense sputter about now. Could bucked
00:59  that trend thanks momentum in big games like apple and FaceBook
01:02  and the lingering buzz from the initial public offerings of the
01:05  likes of Alabama and go pro. Exchange traded funds that invest
01:09  in retailers offer way to play. Important shopping season trends this
01:13  year but if you're thinking about buying and mutual fund this
01:15  month think again he's also get hit with an unnecessary tax
Traders on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
19 CONNECT 97 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks fell Monday — the Nasdaq taking a 1%-plus pounding — as the price of oil pulled out of a free fall.
The Dow Jones industrial average, S&P 500 and Nasdaq composite ended down by 0.3%, 0.7% and 1.3%, respectively. The blue-chip Dow settled at 17,776.80, a loss of 51 points.
The price of a barrel of crude oil on the New York Mercantile Exchange is up 4.9% to $69.48, after taking a huge 10% plunge Friday.

Refinery and pipeline junk-debt outshinesRefinery and pipeline junk debt outshines
Michael Mackenzie in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b027abfc-79a7-11e4-9e81-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Beleaguered RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan says cbank works on  certaintiesBeleaguered RBI Guv Raghuram Rajan says cbank works on ‘certainties’
By: PTI |        Mumbai |  December 2, 2014 3:14 pm
Summary
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) does not intend to flip-flop on policy and is in discussions…
RBI does not intend to flip-flop on policy and is in discussions with the govt for a new monetary framework which it hopes to finalise shortly, Governor Raghuram Rajan said. (Reuters)
Other Articles
CBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case
Embattled RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan, who has been facing a lot of pressure over the last few months to cut rates, defended status quo in the monetary policy today, saying that he does not want to do a “flip-flop” on it and is looking for “certainty” on various factors, mainly inflation, before lowering the key interest rate.
Rajan also announced progress in talks with the government on the adoption of a monetary policy framework, saying the inflation target for January 2016 and beyond has been set at 4 per cent, plus or minus 2 per cent.
“We have to make sure that the (disinflation) process is well underway. We have had a couple of months (of low inflation) after five years of high inflation. We want to make sure that this is for real especially because we don’t intend to flip-flop,” Rajan told reporters at the post-policy media briefing after the 5th bi-monthly monetary policy, wherein he left all policy rates unchanged.
ANALYSTS’ COMMENTARY: ‘Change in stance by Raghuram Rajan’s RBI very heartening’
RBI POLICY REVIEW: HIGHLIGHTS
“The Reserve Bank wants to get more certainty about the pace of inflation movement before changing its stance,” he said.
Rajan reiterated that the desire is to have a linear movement once RBI shifts its policy stance to being accommodative, adding that the central bank does not want one policy to offer a cut and the next to raise the rates.
Rajan, who is targeting to contain inflation at 6 per cent by January 2016, said disinflation process is underway and factors like the fall in global crude prices are positive for the country that imports over 80 per cent of its fuel requirements.
The consumer price inflation fell for the 5th consecutive month to 5.52 per cent in October, driven largely by base effects, while whole price index touched a five-year low of 1.8 per cent in the same month.
However, Rajan said: “A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature. However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle.”
On the new monetary policy framework, which would involve setting of a formal inflation target and accountability to deliver on the same, Rajan said talks with the government have progressed well and the details will be announced soon.
“The government has indicated that it is comfortable in setting a target of 4 per cent, plus or minus 2 per cent, as suggested by a number of committees, including the Urjit Patel committee for inflation beyond 2016,” he said.
RBI Deputy Governor Urjit Patel, under whose chairmanship a committee had earlier this year suggested adoption of inflation targeting under a new monetary policy framework like some countries do, said the medium-term inflation target will help guide the central bank towards a stable regime and help bring down the risk premium which gets attached.
Commenting on the actual working of the arrangement, which sets in after January 2016, Rajan said: “If we achieve the 6 per cent target, we will be at the upper edge of the suggested band of inflation and there will be work to do going forward.”
The timeframe for achieving the long-term targeted 4 per cent inflation is something which will have to be discussed, he added.
On the support from the government and the fiscal deficit number, he said it has assured that it is sticking to the target of containing that at 4.1 per cent in spite of troubling factors like uncertainties on the growth, which is limiting revenues.
While taking on corporates for repeatedly demanding rate cuts, Rajan said money market rates are already on a downward spiral even though RBI has not cut the rates.
He said however that the transmission is not happening to actual lending rates by banks.
Unless banks pass on the benefits accruing to them as a result of a dip in policy rates, chances of a rate cut by RBI are “mild”, he added.
“I do believe that there is a signalling effect and I do believe that once banks are confident that rates will come down and stay down, they may start passing through more to consumers,” the Governor said.
Rajan, however, maintained that he is not suggesting anything banks to lower their lending rates.
Meanwhile, Patel flagged some concerns which should be on the radar even as the global crude prices are sliding. He said the slide is a result of price wars between the conventional crude producers (OPEC bloc) and the upcoming shale gas players (primarily by the US), and we need to be sensitive that it may rebound as fast it has declined once the balance tilts.
After having dismantled the gold import curbs over the week, Rajan did not sound much concerned over the high imports of gold, saying that the dip in crude prices creates some room in the current account.
The move to do away with the 80:20 rule on gold imports was initiated from the government’s side and was a “reasonable” one, he added.
TAGS: Raghuram Rajan RBI Policy Reserve Bank Of India
More from economy
Per capita annual income increases in national capital The per capita annual income in the national capital has increased to Rs 2.19 lakh in 2013-14 as campared to Rs 1.92 lakh in the previous fiscal.

GSK Pharmaceuticals Jumps 9%; IDFC Upgrades to OutperformYou are here: Home Market
GSK Pharmaceuticals Jumps 9%; IDFC Upgrades to Outperform
NDTV | Updated On: December 02, 2014 16:00 (IST)
Shares in drug manufactures GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals (GSK Pharmaceuticals) jumped nearly 9 per cent to a day high of Rs 3,240 on Tuesday.
IDFC upgraded the stock to outperform with a target price of Rs 3,339 per share.
The brokerage expects earnings of GSK to grow at a CAGR of 33 per cent over calendar year 2014 to 2016.
Revenue growth is on a recovery path and will be led by Augmentin, adds IDFC.
Shares in GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals ended 6.23 per cent higher at Rs 3,158 apiece, outperforming the Nifty which ended 0.36 per cent lower on Tuesday.
Story first published on: December 02, 2014 16:00 (IST)

Britain s FTSE bounces as commodities stabilise  Friends Life ralliesBritain s FTSE bounces as commodities stabilise  Friends Life rallies
India Inc unhappy with RBI s status quo policy stanceIndia Inc unhappy over RBI's decision to keep interest rates unchanged
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 16:13 IST
Photo: Reuters
Unhappy with Reserve Bank of India's status quo policy stance, India Inc said the central bank could have been more accommodating by reducing interest rate to boost subdued economic growth .
The rate cut, the industry chambers argued, could have given a positive signal to the manufacturing sector which is undergoing difficult times.
Although there has been some improvement in core sector activity, manufacturing has been subdued due to weak demand, therefore curbing major improvement in capacity utilisations.
We continue to hope that RBI may send positive signals even sooner than the next policy review cycle, Ficci President Sidharth Birla said in a statement.
There were hopes that RBI could have found a merit in an accomodative stance on interest rate cycle on persistent weak demand and sustained moderation in inflation, Ficci said.
Reserve Bank on Tuesday kept the repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent and cash reserve ratio (CRR) at 4 per cent, citing reason that a change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature.
Reading out the policy in a conference, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said, "There is still some uncertainty about the evolution of base effects in inflation, the strength of the on-going disinflationary impulses, the pace of change of the publics inflationary expectations, as well as the success of the governments efforts to hit deficit targets".
CII said when economic recovery is still fragile and industry is growing at a faltering pace, bold decision of RBI to ease interest rates would have particularly benefited the credit starved SME and improved the poor credit offtake by industry.
"At this juncture, even a symbolic cut in policy rates would have sent a strong signal down the line that both the government and the RBI are acting in concert to harness demand and take the economy to the higher orbit of growth", CII said.
RBI has obviously overlooked strong demand from the industry for a cut in interest rates.
"The industries' demand for lower interest rates was fully justified, Assocham said.
Growth alone can take care of employment and eventually cut inflation further by increasing the supply line, and bringing in structural changes for tackling inflation on sustained basis, it added.

Elite i20 records 56 000 bookings in four mo...Elite i20 records 56,000 bookings in four months
By ET Bureau | 2 Dec, 2014, 04.09PM IST
Tweet
Launched on Aug 11, 2014 Elite i20 has seen spike in demand & its sales increased to 10,500 units in November compared to 8895 units in October.
NEW DELHI: Second Generation of i20 -Elite i20 has become the first model by Hyundai Motor India Limited (HMIL) to receive bookings of 56,000 units within four months of its launch in India, the Korean car maker said in a press release.
Launched on August 11, 2014 the premium hatch Elite i20 has seen spike in demand and its sales increased to 10,500 units in November compared to 8895 units in October. The company plans to increase the production of the car to make it easily available for the customers. Currently, the model has over four months waiting period.
Within the second month of its launch, the Elite i20 has forayed into the list of top 10 most selling brands in India. Hyundai's signature design language, the Fluidic Sculpture 2.0 has captured the attention of customers and has created a new design benchmark in the segment, setting a trend of future cars that Hyundai is making for global markets.
On achieving this milestone, Mr. Rakesh Srivastava , Sr. VP, Sales & Marketing - HMIL expressed, "The demand of Elite i20 has doubled and in November we sold 10,500 units. We are working towards increasing its production for faster deliveries to offer a delightful experience to customers."
The car is available in both diesel and petrol engines. The engines offer mileage of 18.60 kmpl (Era/Magna - ARAI Certified) 1.2 Dual VTVT Kappa petrol and a mileage 22.54 kmpl (Era/Magna - ARAI Certified) for U2 1.4 CRDi diesel engine.

India Inc unhappy with RBI s status quo poli...India Inc says RBI not accommodating; unhappy with status quo
PTI Dec 2, 2014, 04.04PM IST
Tags:
Assocham
(The rate cut, the industry…)
NEW DELHI: Unhappy with Reserve Bank's status quo policy stance, India Inc said the central bank could have been more accommodating by reducing interest rate to boost subdued economic growth.
The rate cut, the industry chambers argued, could have given a positive signal to the manufacturing sector which is undergoing difficult times.
"Although there has been some improvement in core sector activity, manufacturing has been subdued due to weak demand, therefore curbing major improvement in capacity utilisations.
"We continue to hope that RBI may send positive signals even sooner than the next policy review cycle," FICCI President Sidharth Birla said in a statement.
There were hopes that RBI could have found a merit in an accomodative stance on interest rate cycle on persistent weak demand and sustained moderation in inflation, FICCI said.
Reserve Bank today kept the repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent and cash reserve ratio ( CRR ) at 4 per cent, citing reason that a change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is "premature".
Reading out the policy in a conference, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said, "There is still some uncertainty about the evolution of base effects in inflation, the strength of the on-going disinflationary impulses, the pace of change of the public's inflationary expectations, as well as the success of the government's efforts to hit deficit targets".
CII said when economic recovery is still fragile and industry is growing at a faltering pace, bold decision of RBI to ease interest rates would have particularly benefited the credit starved SME and improved the poor credit offtake by industry.
"... at this juncture, even a symbolic cut in policy rates would have sent a strong signal down the line that both the government and the RBI are acting in concert to harness demand and take the economy to the higher orbit of growth," CII said.
RBI has obviously overlooked strong demand from the industry for a cut in interest rates. The industry's demand for lower interest rates was fully justified, Assocham said.
"Growth alone can take care of employment and eventually cut inflation further by increasing the supply line, and bringing in structural changes for tackling inflation on sustained basis", it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Inappropriate to use such such language: Ashwani Kumar on Niranjan JyotiHockey India suspends playing ties with Pakistan
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Niranjan Jyoti apologised  no question of resignation: Venkaiah NaiduHockey India suspends playing ties with Pakistan
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Bankers  financial players eye policy stance change in 2015Bankers, financial players eye policy stance change in 2015
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 2:  
Even as Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan said that transmission of policy rates is not happening significantly, bankers and finance industry captains seem to welcome the central banks rate call. All of this could mean that interest rates across products in the economy could remain elevated at least for a couple of more months.
Chanda Kochhar, MD & CEO, ICICI Bank, said, “The policy signals RBI’s resolve to firmly contain inflation and inflationary expectations, while responding to positive developments in inflation and fiscal consolidation. The statement that a change in monetary policy stance is likely early next year if the current positive trends continue is very welcome.”
Umesh Revankar, MD, Shriram Transport Finance Co, said, “Though it seems that the RBI has dashed the hopes of rate cuts in 2014, we appreciate the patience of the regulator in containing inflation within permissible limits… But still our sense says the year 2015 broadly should be the year of softening of interest rates, which will bring a relief and improve corporate sentiment further.”
George Alexander Muthoot, MD, Muthoot Finance Ltd, said, “The regulator sounded cautiously optimistic in the current policy review, which indicate that the inflation expectations are within their acceptable levels and the focus may now move towards driving growth. India Inc has been patient equally with the regulator, but a relief on the cost of funds is awaited eagerly, which should help them to improve financial health and plan for the next leg of growth. So in summation the interest rate scenario should change for good in 2015.”
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Boeing compensated AI for grounding of Drea...Air India
(Air India has been compensated…)
NEW DELHI: Air India has been compensated by the US aircraft manufacturer Boeing for prolonged grounding of Dreamliner aircraft, Rajya Sabha was informed today.
"For prolonged grounding of Dreamliners, Air India has received compensation from Boeing on mutually acceptable terms," Minister of State for Civil Aviation Mahesh Sharma said.
Replying to a question on technical snags in Air India's Boeing 787 Dreamliner fleet, he said there were 238 instances of delays of Boeing 787 flights which had occurred till November 18 this year.
The snags related to software glitches and other issues like windshield cracks, valve failures, oil loss and failure of traffic collision avoidance system, he said.
"The snags resulted in delays which caused financial outgo," Sharma said.
The number of overall flights cancelled and delayed between August and October this year were 771 and 9,836 respectively, he said.
To another question, the Minister said Air India's losses were on the decline from Rs 7559.74 crore in 2011-12 to Rs 5490.16 crore in 2012-13 and Rs 5388.82 crore in 2013-14.
To a question on near miss incidents, he said the number of such incidents was 29 in 2011, 18 in 2012, 23 in 2013 and 28 this year so far.
FEATURED ARTICLES

UBI identifies UB Holding as wilful defaulterUnited Bank of India identifies United Breweries Holding as wilful defaulter
PTI Dec 2, 2014, 04.26PM IST
Tags:
Calcutta High Court
("We have identified UB Holdings…)
NEW DELHI: In fresh trouble for liquor baron Vijay Mallya, United Bank of India has identified United Breweries Holdings, the guarantor of grounded airline Kingfisher, as wilful defaulter.
The bank has already declared Kingfisher Airlines and its four directors, including Mallya, as wilful defaulters.
"We have identified United Breweries (UB) Holdings as wilful defaulter because company had the resources to repay the loan as guarantor of Kingfisher Airlines," United Bank of India (UBI) Executive Director Deepak Narang told PTI.
UB Holdings had additional resources available as per the balance-sheet of 2013-14, he said, adding, these funds could have been used for paying loans given to Kingfisher.
The bank issued notice to the UB Holdings and got a reply which was not satisfactory.
"We would take further action after due deliberations on the issue," he added.
In September this year, UBI became the first lender to declare debt-ridden Kingfisher Airlines, its promoter Vijay Mallya and other directors wilful defaulters as the company allegedly indulged in diversion of funds by opening multiple accounts.
The other directors declared as wilful defaulters by the Grievance Redressal Committee (GRC) of the bank are Ravi Nedungadi, Anil Kumar Ganguly and Subash Gupte .
Kingfisher Airlines and directors declared as wilful defaulters now won't be able to borrow from banks in the future. They would also lose director-level positions in companies and criminal proceeding could be initiated against them, if warranted, to recover the money.
The bank had first given notice to declare Kingfisher Airlines as wilful defaulter on May 28. However, the company approached Calcutta High Court against the notice.
A single bench dismissed the company's plea. Subsequently, it approached double bench which upheld the single bench order on August 28.
UBI's exposure to Kingfisher Airlines was around Rs 350 crore as part of consortium led by State Bank of India .
The consortium of 17 banks has an outstanding debt of about Rs 6,521 crore from the now-grounded carrier. Outside the consortium, UBI gave about Rs 60 crore loan for pre-delivery payment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold prices up by Rs 840 in biggest single-day gain this yearDec 02, 2014, 04.17 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Gold prices up by Rs 840 in biggest single-day gain this yr
After losing Rs 730 in last six sessions after the RBI eased imports curbs by scrapping 80:20 scheme, gold staged a strong comeback by rising Rs 840 to close at Rs 27,040 per ten grams, a level last seen on October 30.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gold prices up by Rs 840 in biggest single-day gain this yr
After losing Rs 730 in last six sessions after the RBI eased imports curbs by scrapping 80:20 scheme, gold staged a strong comeback by rising Rs 840 to close at Rs 27,040 per ten grams, a level last seen on October 30.
Post your opinion here
 
Posting this year's biggest single-day rise of Rs 840, gold today regained the Rs 27,000 per ten gram level after a gap of over one month in the national capital, tracking rebounds in global markets. In addition, pick-up in domestic demand from jewellers and retailers for the wedding season also buoyed sentiment. After losing Rs 730 in last six sessions after the RBI eased imports curbs by scrapping 80:20 scheme, gold staged a strong comeback by rising Rs 840 to close at Rs 27,040 per ten grams, a level last seen on October 30.
Silver also recorded a significant gain of Rs 2,700 to Rs 37,000 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units and coin makers. Sentiment bolstered after gold surged by 3.69 percent, its biggest gain since September 19, to USD 1,218.10 an ounce in New York yesterday, as rebound in crude price revived demand for the precious metal as stores of value, bullion traders said. Globally, silver also surged 7.3 percent to USD 16.69 an ounce yesterday, the highest gain since September 2013.
Besides, rising domestic demand from jewellers and retailers for the ongoing wedding season too influenced precious metal prices, they said. In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity zoomed up by Rs 840 each to Rs 27,040 and Rs 26,840 per ten grams respectively. Sovereign moved up by Rs 100 to Rs 23,700 per piece of eight gram.
Following gold, silver ready spurted by Rs 2,700 to Rs 37,000 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 2,420 to Rs 36,340 per kg. Silver coins recovered sharply by Rs 3,000 to Rs 61,000 for buying and Rs 62,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
RELATED NEWS

No USFDA approval for Sun Pharma Advanceds Glaucoma eyedropHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
No USFDA approval for Sun Pharma Advanced’s Glaucoma eyedrop
PTI
New Delhi, Dec 2:  
US health regulator USFDA has not approved Sun Pharma Advanced Research Company’s anti-Glaucoma eyedrop.
“US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has issued a Complete Response letter to its New Drug Application (NDA) for Latanoprost BAK-free eyedrops,” SPARC said in a BSE filing.
SPARC had sought USFDA approval for Latanoprost BAK-free to sale in the US market.
It said: “While the FDA did not seek any additional information for supporting clinical data, it sought additional information on certain labelling and other deficiencies for processing the NDA.”
SPARC said it believes this additional information request from the FDA can be addressed on priority.
Under new regulations, USFDA’s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) no longer issues “approvable” or “not approvable” letters when a drug application is not approved.
Instead, CDER issues a “complete response” letter at the end of the review period to let a drug company know of the agency’s decision on the application.
Latanoprost BAK-free is a preservative-free, once-a-day formulation of the glaucoma medication using Swollen Micelle Microemulsion (SMM) technology.
Unlike conventional glaucoma eyedrops, Latanoprost BAK-free does not cause or aggravate Ocular Surface Disease.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Sachin Bhanushali appointed CEO  Gateway RailHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Sachin Bhanushali appointed CEO, Gateway Rail
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 2:  
Sachin Bhanushali, President, Gateway-Rail, has been appointed as Chief Executive Officer of Gateway Rail Freight Ltd with effect from December 1, 2014. Bhanushali will continue to report to Prem Kishan Gupta, Chairman and Managing Director, Gateway-Rail. GRFL is a subsidiary of Gateway Distriparks Limited (GDL).
Bhanushali joined Gateway-Rail in January 2007. Earlier, he was with Indian Railways and Container Corporation of India Limited (Concor).
Gateway Rail Freight Ltd has emerged as a leading rail logistics service provider in containerised cargo segment. Gateway Rail is one of the 11 Private Container Train Operators of India who have been given permission to operate container trains over the entire Indian Railways network.
Gateway Rail operates 21 train-sets from its three leading terminals in North India at Garhi Harsaru, Ludhiana and Faridabad and the west coast ports. It has plans to build terminals in Ahmedabad, Hyderabad, Nagpur, Bengaluru, Jaipur and Jodhpur to provide pan-India service, added the release.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

J&K polls: More than 50% voting in 1st six hoursJ&K polls: More than 50% voting in 1st six hours
Press Trust of India | Srinagar Dec 02, 2014 04:30 PM IST
Defying boycott call by separatists and chilly weather, nearly 54 per cent of the 15.35 lakh electorate voted in the first six hours of polling in the second phase of Assembly polls in Jammu and Kashmir today which was by and large peaceful.
Serpentine queues were visible at several polling stations where voters waited for their turn.
As per election officials, 53.91 per cent polling was recorded in the state till 2 P.M.
A total of 18 seats went to polls in the second of the five phases over which Assembly elections are to be held in J-K. In the fray are 175 candidates, including four sitting ministers of the coalition government.
Ignoring the separatists' call to shun the vote, electors in the five districts emulated the trend seen in the first phase by turning up at polling booths in large numbers at 8 A.M., the scheduled start of voting. It was heading towards a virtual replay of the impressive 71.28 per cent turnout in the first phase.
The Gool Arnas Assembly segment recorded the highest turnout of 66.02 per cent followed by Reasi with 65 per cent. Gulabgarh saw 64.19 per cent of the voters coming out to take part in the polling while Udhampur and Ramnagar had 63.27 and 62.42 per cent electors, respectively, casting their vote till 2 P.M.
Mendhar saw 61.50 per cent polling till 2 P.M. Followed by Surankote (60.91 pc), Poonch Haveli (58 pc), Chenani (56.36 pc), Karnah (54 pc), Lalab and Handwara (both 51 pc, Langate (49 pc), Kupwara (48 pc), Noorabad (47.87 pc), Devsar (45 pc), Kulgam (40 pc) and Homshalibaug (27.01 pc).
Enthusiastic voters braved the chill to queue up outside polling stations in Udhampur, Poonch, Chenani, Ramnagar and Reasi constituencies.
Although the cold weather conditions and heavy fog posed a hindrance in some areas in the early hours, voters started flocking the polling stations as the day progressed and the sun came out.

Pakistan not hopeful about resuming talks with India: SartajAzizBy: Press Trust of India | Islamabad |
Posted: December 2, 2014 5:09 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 5:11 pm
Pakistan on Tuesday said that it is not hopeful about an early resumption of Indo-Pak talks alleging that India was trying to divert global attention from the core issue of Kashmir by branding it as terrorism.
Sartaj Aziz was talking to reporters after inaugurating the annual conference of the Pakistan Institute of Development Economics (PIDE) in Islamabad.
“India has suspended the dialogue process and now it is New Delhi’s responsibility to resume it,” he said.
India called off foreign secretary-level bilateral talks in August after Pakistani High Commissioner Abdul Basit’s meeting with Kashmiri separatist leader Shabir Shah.
Aziz also said that India instead of addressing the core issue of Kashmir was trying to divert international attention from it by branding struggle for self-determination with terrorism. He also called on the world community to play a role in the conflict.
“Over the last 40 years, bilateralism has failed on Kashmir and that’s why Pakistan wanted to engage international community on the matter,” he said.
He said normalisation and friendship with India could only be possible without compromising self-respect, honour and equality.
The remarks came days after leaders of the two countries shook hands at the SAARC summit in Nepal, creating hope for revival of talks.

Xiaomi Redmi Note resale starts within minutes after it goes out ofstockWritten by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 5:08 pm | Updated: December 3, 2014 10:57 am
The newly launched Redmi Note smartphone from Xiaomi went out of stocks in six seconds on Flipkart today. Xiaomi sold 50,000 units at a price of Rs 8,999. However, what is more interesting is people who managed to get one on their carts were quick to post resale offers on social media and Ebay.
Many Flipkart users who managed to book the Redmi Note were offering it at an average price of Rs 9,500. The Redmi Note is selling at a price as high as Rs 15,000 on Ebay.in. Before the flash sales, several buyers were even offering a booking service on Flipkart for Rs 500.
From guaranteeing the booking to offering free home delivery, disappointed buyers who couldn’t book one themselves have several options to buy the Redmi Note today by paying extra.
It seems Xiaomi has enabled a new breed of business in which people can earn some pocket money by simply taking advantage of the huge demand compared to the supply. However, it has been reported that Xiaomi as well Flipkart are taking this black marketing seriously and is looking to check it based on user behaviour that resembles resellers. It would be interesting to know how many of the buyers during any Xiaomi sale are genuine buyers and not people trying to make a quick buck.
The phone is powered by an octa-core MTK 6592 1.7GHz processor from MediaTek. It has a 5.5-inch 720p display that will draw power from a 3,100 mAh lithium-polymer battery. The Redmi Note mounts a 13MP rear camera and a 5MP front facing camera for sefie-holics.
The Xiaomi Redmi Note has an eye-popping spec sheet at a jaw-dropping price. However, before you line up virtually on Flipkart, note that this is a really large device and one that runs on the now dated Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean operating system. Read the full review here.
Are you willing to spend extra money to buy the Xiaomi Redmi Note? Share your views in the comment section below.

Amid Sadhvi row  Amit Shah asserts BJP s objective is social harmonyDec 02, 2014 at 04:34pm IST
Amid Sadhvi row, Amit Shah asserts BJP's objective is social harmony
7
0
New Delhi: On a day BJP came under attack over alleged communal remarks by Union Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, its president Amit Shah said the party has stood for principles of social harmony since days of the Jan Sangh and will continue to do so.
"BJP is a party which has been standing for principles of social harmony among the people through its work since days of Jan Sangh. Social harmony has always been the objective of the party," Shah said while addressing the All India Dalit Mahapanchayat.
The comments by Shah came as the BJP and NDA government came under severe attack in Parliament for Jyoti's remarks at an election rally on Monday that voters of Delhi should choose between "Ram's sons" and "illegitimate sons".
A party spokesperson has said it was "a slip of tongue" by the minister and the issue should not be stretched after she apologised.
#amit shah #bjp #sadhvi niranjan jyoti #parliament
The Minister of state for food processing industries today expressed "deep regret" and apologised for her actions and said she did not intend to hurt anyone's feelings.
A party spokesperson has said it was "a slip of tongue" by the minister and the issue should not be stretched after she apologised.
Shah, however, did not respond to queries from media persons on the controversy.
Talking about Delhi's political situation, Shah asked the Dalit community to support BJP and contribute significantly to ensure its victory in Delhi.
Referring to BJP's country-wide membership drive, Shah said the initiative is aimed at including all sections into the party fold.
"The party has decided this time that any part of the country, any colony, specially those inhibited by Dalits and Valmikis, should not be left without BJP's presence," Shah said at the function at the Talkotara indoor stadium.
Dalit community have significant influence in around 12 assembly constituencies out of 70 in Delhi. The Dalit voters are estimated at around 22 lakh out of 1.20 crore electorate.
The BJP president also gave a 'live demonstration' of getting membership of the party by dialing a toll-free number. He made the audience dial 18002662020 to get instant membership of the party and then "welcomed them to the party fold.
"Take out your mobile phones and dial the toll free number," he said.
After dialing the toll free number, an SMS is sent asking for certain details and when the details are sent, a person becomes a member, Shah said.
2

India s Top 7 Small Private Sector Banks In IndiaIndia s Top 7 Small Private Sector Banks In India
Sensex falls over 115 points after RBI keeps rates unchangedSensex falls over 115 points after RBI keeps rates unchanged
Detection of super-Earth transit extends terrestrialfrontierBy: Indo-Asian News Service | London |
Posted: December 2, 2014 5:29 pm
Astronomers made the first ever observation from a ground-based telescope of a super-Earth passing in front of a nearby Sun-like star, a development that could spur them in their search for signs of life on alien planets from afar.
“Our observations show that we can detect the transits of small planets around Sun-like stars using ground-based telescopes,” said lead author Ernst de Mooij of Queen’s University Belfast in Northern Ireland.
The international research team used the Nordic Optical Telescope on the island of La Palma, Spain, to make the detection.
The host star “55 Cancri” is located just 40 light years away from us and is visible to the naked eye and the transit of the exoplanet named “55 Cancri e” is the shallowest detected from a ground-based observatory.
During its transit, the exoplanet crosses “55 Cancri” and blocks a tiny fraction of the starlight.
This shows that the planet is about twice the size of Earth or 16,000 miles in diameter.
This discovery is important because upcoming space missions such as TESS and PLATO should find many small planets around bright stars.
TESS is a NASA mission scheduled for launch in 2017 while PLATO is to be launched in 2024 by the European Space Agency.
Both will search for transiting terrestrial planets around nearby bright stars.
“We are slowly paving the way toward the detection of bio-signatures in Earth-like planets around nearby stars,” added co-author Mercedes Lopez-Morales of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics.
The findings appeared in the Astrophysical Journal Letters.

Nifty ends at 8524 in a volatile trading sessionLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty ends at 8524 in a volatile trading session
The Nifty ended lower nearly by around 30 points odd. The Bank Nifty as well as the PSU banking index was volatile; it was moving from green to red. In fact at the end we did see the banking index end with some cuts.
Post your opinion here
 
Today all eyes were on the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Credit Policy but nothing much came out of there. The Nifty ended lower nearly by around 30 points odd. The Bank Nifty as well as the PSU banking index was volatile; it was moving from green to red. In fact at the end we did see the banking index end with some cuts. However, individual banks saw lot of buying so the likes of Karnataka Bank, UCO Bank as well as Andhra Bank all those banks are flying away.
RELATED NEWS

Infosys shares down over 2% at closeInfosys shares down over 2% at close
Nepal Maoists obstructing Constitution-drafting process: Deubanepal maoists obstructing constitution-drafting process: deuba
Rupee up against US $; below 62 levelsRupee up against US $; below 62 levels
Dhoot Industrial Finance: Outcome of board meetingdhoot industrial finance: outcome of board meeting
RBI may send positive signals even sooner than next policy review cycle: Sidharth Birlarbi may send positive signals even sooner than next policy review cycle: sidharth birla
12 killed in Pakistan violence12 killed in pakistan violence
Hisar Spinning Mills: EGM on Dec 29  2014Dec 02, 2014, 05.34 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Hisar Spinning Mills: EGM on Dec 29, 2014
Hisar Spinning Mills has informed that a meeting of the members of the Company has been convened on December 29, 2014 to consider and to seek their consent to borrow funds in excess of paid up capital and free reserves by mortgaging the assets of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hisar Spinning Mills: EGM on Dec 29, 2014
Hisar Spinning Mills has informed that a meeting of the members of the Company has been convened on December 29, 2014 to consider and to seek their consent to borrow funds in excess of paid up capital and free reserves by mortgaging the assets of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Hisar Spinning Mills Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the members of the Company has been convened on December 29, 2014 to consider and to seek their consent to borrow funds in excess of paid up capital and free reserves by mortgaging the assets of the Company.Source : BSE

Sri City inks marketing services pact with Japanese coHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Sri City inks marketing services pact with Japanese co
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, December 2:  
Sri City has entered into an agreement with Nikkan Kogyo Global Business Support (NKGBS) Inc., for the latter to provide marketing services.
As per the agreement, NKGBS provides its services to Sri City in marketing and promoting the product options, which include plots in the Special Economic Zone (SEZ)/ Domestic Tariff Zone (DTZ)/Free Trade Warehousing Zone (FTWZ) areas and Ready Built Factories (RBF), and to introduce these to Japanese potential clients to Sri City.
Ravindra Sannareddy, Managing Director, Sri City and Fumio Fujita, President, NKGBS signed the agreement today in Tokyo in the presence of Haruhito Imizu, President, Nikkan Kogyo Shimbun and Yasukuni Enoki, former Ambassador of Japan to India and Chairman, Japan-Bhutan Friendship Association.
Sannareddy in a statement said, “This partnership will help in strengthening our links with the Japanese business sector. Further, NKGBS's resources, networks and specialist expertise will make Sri City and its unique features familiar to the prospective investors.”
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Karur Vysya Bank CEO hails RBIs consistency in policy stanceKarur Vysya Bank CEO hails RBI’s consistency in policy stance
L N Revathy
Tweet
Coimbatore, Dec 2:  
While admitting to visual thinking, the Chief Executive of Karur Vysya Bank K Venkataraman hailed the consistent and predictable stance of the RBI in keeping the policy rates unchanged.
The RBI is justified in stating that the current juncture is still premature for making any change in the monetary policy, but the reasons for disinflation pressures is not strong enough, noted the KVB Chief.
Asked if the bank had provided for a rate cut, he said, “No. But then, rate cut alone cannot trigger credit demand. The system interest rate should go down.”
“Rising NPAs and bad loans have been a cause of concern. Such escalated level of slippages should come down. Restructured accounts are eating away our provisions and profits. Excepting the new banks, the rest in the industry are operating on sacrificed margins.”
“That the RBI is keeping the liquidity position comfortable is a comforting factor,” Mr Venkataraman said, adding, “consistency in policy stance is important as it helps banks plan accordingly.”
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Genetic mutation allowed humans to digest alcoholGenetic mutation allowed humans to digest alcohol
PTI
New York, Dec 2:  
Human ancestors began evolving the ability to digest alcohol about 10 million years ago, researchers say.
The study found that a single genetic mutation 10 million years ago endowed human ancestors with an enhanced ability to break down ethanol. Ethanol is found in rotting fruit and is also used in liquor and fuel.
The ability to break down alcohol likely helped human ancestors make the most out of rotting, fermented fruit that fell onto the forest floor, the researchers said.
Therefore, knowing when this ability developed could help researchers figure out when these human ancestors began moving to life on the ground, as opposed to mostly in trees, as earlier human ancestors had lived, ‘LiveScience’ reported.
Lead study author Matthew Carrigan at Santa Fe College in Gainesville, Florida and his team focused on the genes that code for a group of digestive enzymes called the ADH4 family.
ADH4 enzymes are found in the stomach, throat and tongue of primates, and are the first alcohol-metabolising enzymes to encounter ethanol after it is imbibed.
The researchers investigated the ADH4 genes from 28 different mammals, including 17 primates. They collected the sequences of these genes from either genetic databanks or well-preserved tissue samples.
The scientists looked at the family trees of these 28 species, to investigate how closely related they were and find out when their ancestors diverged. In total, they explored nearly 70 million years of primate evolution.
The scientists then used this knowledge to investigate how the ADH4 genes evolved over time and what the ADH4 genes of their ancestors might have been like.
Carrigan and his colleagues took the genes for ADH4 from these 28 species, as well as the ancestral genes they modelled, and plugged them into bacteria, which read the genes and manufactured the ADH4 enzymes.
They tested how well those enzymes broke down ethanol and other alcohols. The results suggested there was a single genetic mutation 10 million years ago that endowed human ancestors with an enhanced ability to break down ethanol.
The scientists noted that the timing of this mutation coincided with a shift to a terrestrial lifestyle. The ability to consume ethanol may have helped human ancestors dine on rotting, fermenting fruit that fell on the forest floor when other food was scarce.
The findings are published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Another increase in excise duty on petrol and diesel;another increase in excise duty on petrol and diesel;
CeBIT India to be held between Oct 28-30 next yearCeBIT India to be held between Oct 28-30 next year
BS Reporter | Bengaluru Dec 02, 2014 05:04 PM IST
In view of the success of the maiden CeBIT event in India, Hannover Milano Fairs has decided to hold a second edition of the expo between October 28 and 30, 2015. The event will be held at Bengaluru International Exhibition Centre, which was the venue for the event this year as well. The focus of the event next year would be digital economy and digital transformation.
The world's largest business-to-business information technology show CeBIT, which happened in India for the first time in the first week of November this year, saw participation from 600 brands, 366 exhibitors and 9,311 industry professionals and visitors from across the globe, according to the post-event details released by the event's organiser Hannover Milano Fairs on Tuesday.
This year, the three-day CeBIT India event was held association with the Karnataka government's annual technology event, ITE.biz. The event saw participation from Infosys Chief Executive Officer Vishal Sikka (via video), IBM India Managing Director Vanita Narayanan, Vodafone India CEO Marten Pieters, Accenture MD Mark McDonald, Intel India President Kumud Srinivasan, and Mercedes-Benz Research & Development India Director and CEO Manu Saale.

Otsuka to buy US drugmaker AvanirOtsuka to buy US maker of promising Alzheimer drug
Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a6659662-7a13-11e4-9b34-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The strategy and tactics behind the creation of Brand ModiShamni Pande      Follow @ShamniPande Delhi   Edition: June 8, 2014
Narendra Modi Photo: Reuters
Executive Summary: Bharatiya Janata Party leader Narendra Modi's election juggernaut in the 2014 Lok Sabha polls is an example of howto prepare and successfully implement a marketing and branding campaign. Irrespective of your faith, ideology and voting decision, there has been no escaping Modi. His image and in-your-face messaging have overshadowed all other brands - even that of his own party. This case study looks at the strategy and tactics behind the creation of Brand Modi.
Pitching a specific leader as a driver of change and to mobilise voters' support is hardly a new political strategy. After all, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) had projected L.K. Advani and Atal Bihari Vajpayee its prime ministerial candidates in the past (remember the Ab ki baari Atal Bihari slogan in 1996?). The Congress party's projection of Indira Gandhi as the country's tallest leader with its 'Indira lao desh bachao' tagline in the 1970s is another such example. But the personal rhetoric had been tied, and sometimes made subservient, to the political parties to which these leaders belonged. With his landslide win in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, Narendra Modi has rewritten the rules of the game and redefined Indian politics. Brand Modi has not only captured popular imagination but also trumped Brand BJP. How did it happen?
David Aaker, American marketing guru and author of several books on branding, wrote in an April 2012 blog post that every person has a brand that affects how the person is perceived and whether he or she is liked and respected. This brand, he says, can be actively managed with discipline and consistency over time, or it can be allowed to drift. Modi and his marketing team showed oodles of both once he was anointed the BJP's prime ministerial candidate on September 13 last year. In fact, they had been at it from much before.
Modi's transformation over the past year from a regional, right-wing politician to a decisive leader with a clear development agenda, the one best suited to take India forward is nothing short of extraordinary. Senior BJP leaders Piyush Goyal and Ajay Singh handled the overall media strategy, and a task force was constituted to handle Modi's campaign in Varanasi. Advertising legends such as Ogilvy & Mather's Piyush Pandey, McCann Worldgroup's Prasoon Joshi and Sam Balsara of Madison World lent their skills at various levels. Advertising agency Soho Square, part of the WPP Group, handled television, radio and print campaigns with catchy slogans such as "Ab ki Baar Modi Sarkar".
"The archetype he offers is of a strong, all-knowing father figure who is unwavering," says Santosh Desai, who heads Future Brands, the brand consultancy arm of Future Group. To create the father figure, Modi's team invoked tales of childhood, in books and comics. Invariably, and understandably, they were tales of heroism involving a precocious Bal Narendra (Modi as a child). What else would you call a story about a child swimming across a crocodile-infested lake to plant a flag on a memorial? The child, when he came of age, walked away from his family to devote himself to public cause, lending what brand consultant Harish Bijoor calls "bachelor blandness" to his story.
From Gujarat to India
Modi's team faced three main challenges when it set out to project him as the country's next prime minister. One, the three-time Gujarat chief minister was a regional brand trying to go national. Two, the 63-year-old was seeking to connect with the youth considering that this year's election had almost 150 million first-time voters. Modi, who rarely chooses to speak in English, was trying also to connect with the urban, middle-class audience that is becoming more politically conscious. Finally, and most importantly, he carried the taint of the 2002 anti-Muslim riots in Gujarat.
The one event that, perhaps, helped Modi the most in making a mark on the national scene was the shifting in 2008 of Tata Motors' factory for the Nano minicar from West Bengal to Gujarat. Farmers in West Bengal, backed by firebrand politician Mamata Banerjee, now the state's chief minister, had been protesting land acquisition for the plant by Tata Motors. Modi provided the company land and other incentives almost overnight. In the process, he also established himself as a champion for industry and development.
Sridhar Samu, Assistant Professor of Marketing at Hyderabad's Indian School of Business (ISB), says it's not easy for most product brands to go from regional to national. He says the dilution of the only other national brand, the Congress, and a common underlying need for change also helped Modi. "If a brand can tap into a common underlying need and connect it to benefits, then it could go national. We see how both Haldiram's and Saravanaa Bhavan have managed this. They targeted the underlying need for tasty snacks and south Indian food," he says.
Full Coverage: Lok Sabha Elections 2014
According to Y.L.R Moorthi, Professor of Marketing at the Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore, there is a difference between a regional brand going national and a politician going national. He says Modi was known outside Gujarat even before he decided to move beyond the state, just as Nitish Kumar and J. Jayalalithaa, chief ministers of Bihar and Tamil Nadu, respectively, are known. But these regional leaders didn't venture out of their home states in the recent elections. Modi did. And he did it at a massive scale - he attended more than 5,000 events and 470 political rallies across the length and breadth of the country.
Striking a Chord
On February 6, 2013, more than six months before he was named as the BJP's choice for the prime minister's post, Modi addressed students at Delhi's Shri Ram College of Commerce. He talked about Gujarat's model of development. He spoke passionately about the need for speed in government decision-making and about the need to improve skills of the youth to accelerate economic growth. That speech won him many young admirers. One of them is the second-year student Sulabh Newatia, who says he decided to cast his vote for the BJP after listening to Modi's speech. "I see him as a visionary who can take the nation forward," says the 19-year-old from Kolkata.
Modi, an excellent orator, has delivered scores of similar speeches since then. He highlighted slowing economic growth, high inflation and lack of new jobs - issues which immediately resonate with young and urban voters - while blaming the Congress-led United Progressive Alliance government for the problems. After the elections were announced, his marketing team bombarded voters with print, television and radio advertisements with the same themes. It reached voters through text messages and Modi's recorded voice seeking votes for himself. It also tapped into social media platforms such as Facebook, YouTube and Twitter - Modi has about four million Twitter followers - to magnify the impact of the advertising and branding campaign.
The impact of this relentless campaigning has been felt across different age groups, geographies and sections of society, says political analyst Manisha Priyam. "I have even heard young children, far removed from such debate, mentioning the word 'NaMo'," she says, referring to a sobriquet for Narendra Modi. The carefully crafted moniker also appeals to the traditional Hindus - the BJP's main vote bank - because of its religious connotation, as the Sanskrit word Namo is used as a salutation reserved for the Hindu gods.
Modi's efforts to connect with the youth and urban voters were helped in no small measure by his pro-business persona. Business leaders from industry doyen Ratan Tata to billionaire brothers Mukesh and Anil Ambani have praised Modi and his administration in Gujarat. This has allowed Modi to build his brand as a progressive leader who has the ability to deliver economic results - the single biggest leitmotif of this campaign that has allowed it to cut through caste bias among other things. "The Congress is not lacking in spending power or ability to get marketing brains to campaign for it. But the biggest push for Modi has come from the overt push and advocacy of corporate leaders," says independent political observer and media veteran Paranjoy Guha Thakurta. "It is a truism that marketing cannot sell a bad product. Irrespective of the money you spend on marketing, if what you are selling fails to strike a chord in the minds of a large section of the electorate, all efforts to market Modi would be in vain."
Shaking Off the Stigma
The biggest challenge Brand Modi faced was diverting public attention away from the 2002 communal riots in Gujarat that claimed the lives of more than 1,000 people, mostly Muslims. Initially, Modi's supporters in BJP attempted to engage in public debate and highlight the clean chit given by courts to wash off the stigma. Then, they changed tack. They toned down the Hindutva rheotoric and focused instead on Modi's more recent past and his development record in Gujarat. "He knows that people want a better life and he offers Hindutva with the right dilution," says Desai of Future Brands.
Marketing gurus cite the examples of Cadbury, PepsiCo and Coca-Cola that battled problems relating to brand-taint. Cadbury had fought its way out of a controversy related to worms in its chocolates while the two beverages giants faced allegations of pesticides in their colas. "The best way for a tainted brand to overcome a challenge is to not talk too much, but to acknowledge it happened, and then move on," says Samu, the ISB professor. "The more one talks about, the more the memory for that event gets activated among the target market, and they remember it more. The BJP and Modi did not talk about it. Or if they did, they kept it to a minimum," he adds.
IIM-Bangalore's Moorthi says the weakness of the Congress leadership also helped boost Brand Modi. "When the brands in the domain appear worse, the contending brand might shine by comparison. In Modi's case, he was helped by the tightlipped nature of the Congress leadership and their indifferent performance in the second stint," he says.
While most companies routinely apologize for problems detected in their products, Modi stopped short of doing so. "He did give an account of reflections on the event [the riots]. He seemed to say that he was pained about the event but didn't say sorry," says Moorthi. Veteran adman Prahlad Kakkar concurs. "It does not matter if he [Modi] is wrong. He will never publicly admit that," observes Kakkar, who has been associated with several political campaigns, including that of Indira Gandhi. "But he will, at the same time, take corrective measures to navigate out of it, without ever saying so."
The Ideal Model
Not so long so, the words that could have been used to describe Modi were authoritarian, megalomaniac and communal. The way the creators of Brand Modi dealt with the third taint was by not dealing with it. "What more was there to say [about the post-Godhra riots)? There have been various panels instituted to probe into the matter," says a BJP leader.
Instead, they focused on building Modi's image as self-made, strong, efficient, inspiring, and incorruptible. "He [Modi] created an impression of being a sincere, credible and committed leader. He convinced people that he could improve their lot," says social scientist Ramadhar Singh, Distinguished Professor, IIM-Bangalore. This is the leitmotif the marketing arsenal of the BJP worked to amplify. "No media can help create that kind of consistency," adds Kakkar, the veteran adman.
Tweets about "#newgovt"
Automatically, as if by derivation, the Congress-led United Progressive Alliance began to look more and more indecisive and corrupt. "Today, India attributes weakness and failure to Congress," says adman and lobbyist Suhel Seth. "Modi stands for good governance."
All stories about Modi's life in the public domain have consistently fed into this new image. And although questions remain about Modi's ability to perform at the national level and his Gujarat model of governance, his personal branding and marketing strategy seems to have worked and voters across the country appear to believe his claims. "Even if you cut out 40 per cent of what is untrue about Modi's promise of growth...the rest is very real," says Guwahati's Chiranjib Hazarika, 24, who is looking to start a career in banking. "Development is his only agenda and people are following him."
Modi's message has attracted even those disinterested in politics. "I have never been very politically conscious. But it is frustrating to see our economy slide back from the progress it made. So, I stepped out to vote, for the first time, for Modi," says Shankar Narayanan, 28, who works for a multinational information technology company in Chennai. "Modi has a proven track record of governance and growth."
Cut to 40-year-old Manoj Rana, who runs a small guest house in Shillong, and you have the answer to the most central ingredient of Modi's branding: "We are not interested in politics. We want change. Modi can deliver that change. People are sensible, they are not carried away by mere talk," he says. That indeed is the bottom line of any brand's success story. It bears out that Modi's brand is by him, for him and from him. The BJP machinery has served as mere coaches for the branding-led engine of Modi.
The branding of Modi and a presidentialstyle campaign was a brilliant response to redefine politics: Siddharth Shekhar Singh, Associate Professor of Marketing and Director of the Fellow Programme in Management, Indian School of Business
BRAND MODI MUST MEET ITS PROMISE OF GOOD GOVERNANCE
The national branding of Narendra Modi was born out of compulsion. Opponents had successfully branded the BJP as communal and checked its rise under the uninspiring old leadership. The BJP needed to redefine Indian politics along dimensions of good governance and development that suited it better.
The party was the first to recognise and adapt to the fundamental shift in the composition and aspirations of voters. It seized the opportunity to project a new face to address voters' aspirations. Thus was born brand Modi. A humble origin, extraordinary achievements through sheer hard work and dedication, and a corruption-free image made Modi an apt mascot to challenge the status quo. The branding of Modi and a presidential-style campaign was a brilliant response to redefine Indian politics.
The branding of Modi was a well-crafted strategy of the RSS and the BJP. The campaign attracted many newcomers. It was the first election campaign in India to use social media and information technology heavily and first to listen to the voters and respond in real time.
Brands require huge investment to build, and continuous nurturing to sustain value. Not only can brand Modi sustain the BJP in power for a long time, it can also help the RSS reposition itself. However, before that can happen, the promise of brand Modi - good governance and economic development - must be realised. Further, many voters are uncomfortable with the communal agenda of some of his supporters.
Modi has to show what true secularism is and why it is different from pseudo-secularism. If he succeeds in these three areas, he would change Indian politics forever and make the BJP the natural party to govern - the main objective for building brand Modi.
Siddharth Shekhar Singh, Associate Professor of Marketing and Director of the Fellow Programme in Management, Indian School of Business
He [Modi] is a very strident, tenacious, and in-your-face avatar of a brand: Prathap Suthan, Managing Partner and Chief Creative Officer, Bang In The Middle
MODI IS A BRAND WHO KNOWS HE IS IN THIS FOR THE LONG RUN
It is not uncommon in the world of marketing for a brand to become not only bigger than its creator but also to revitalise and rejuvenate it back. What iMac and iPod did to Apple Inc is what Narendra Modi has done to the BJP. Prior to Modi, the BJP brand was on the brink of irrelevance for what it stood for. Its Hindutva identity resonated deeply with the partition generation but its effect had weakened for the successive generations. Demographically, India is one of the youngest nations with more than 65 per cent of people below 35 years. Modi's ability to become bigger than the BJP lies in his ability to listen to murmurs and whispers of this India, tapping into their simmering anger and hopelessness.
Modi created an identity that resonated with far more people and deeper than that of the BJP. Like brands make sense at surface and deeper levels, Modi's discourse on economic development and prosperity intersected at the surface level of consciousness. The Gujarat model threw in words like governance, roads, electricity, women's safety, peace, industry and education, supported by statistics. This satisfied the questioning mind that hankers for reason.
But reason is often the alibi for non-reason. Modi's ability to become taller than his party lies in his symbolism. He tapped into despair, hopelessness and sinking feelings, and arrived on the scene taking on the symbolism of the outlaw and the ruler combined. He is perceived as an icon of disruption and rebellion against the way things are done. It is this counter-cultural streak that appeals to youth who desire change. And his traits like being organised, proactive, and confident, and in command of things, subtly connect with the ruler archetype.
Prathap Suthan, Managing Partner and Chief Creative Officer, Bang In The Middle
Prior to Modi, the BJP brand was on the brink of irrelevance for what it stood for: Harsh V. Verma Associate Professor, Faculty of Management Studies, University of Delhi
MODI DID TO BJP WHAT iMAC, iPOD DID TO APPLE
It is not uncommon in the world of marketing for a brand to become not only bigger than its creator but also to revitalise and rejuvenate it back. What iMac and iPod did to Apple Inc is what Narendra Modi has done to the BJP. Prior to Modi, the BJP brand was on the brink of irrelevance for what it stood for. Its Hindutva identity resonated deeply with the partition generation but its effect had weakened for the successive generations. Demographically, India is one of the youngest nations with more than 65 per cent of people below 35 years. Modi's ability to become bigger than the BJP lies in his ability to listen to murmurs and whispers of this India, tapping into their simmering anger and hopelessness.
Modi created an identity that resonated with far more people and deeper than that of the BJP. Like brands make sense at surface and deeper levels, Modi's discourse on economic development and prosperity intersected at the surface level of consciousness. The Gujarat model threw in words like governance, roads, electricity, women's safety, peace, industry and education, supported by statistics. This satisfied the questioning mind that hankers for reason.
But reason is often the alibi for non-reason. Modi's ability to become taller than his party lies in his symbolism. He tapped into despair, hopelessness and sinking feelings, and arrived on the scene taking on the symbolism of the outlaw and the ruler combined. He is perceived as an icon of disruption and rebellion against the way things are done. It is this counter-cultural streak that appeals to youth who desire change. And his traits like being organised, proactive, and confident, and in command of things, subtly connect with the ruler archetype.
Harsh V. Verma, Associate Professor, Faculty of Management Studies, University of Delhi
With inputs from Arunima Mishra and Anilesh S. Mahajan

How Kurkure held on to its share in snack marketStory
Maharaja of Munch
This case study looks at how PepsiCo managed to grab and retain the market space with Kurkure.
Shamni Pande        Edition: Aug 3, 2014
Executive Summary: PepsiCo launched Kurkure 15 years ago and has retained a dominant market share for the brand despite intense competition from both organised and unorganised players. In this period the brand also overcame some challenges including allegations that the snack was unhealthy. The case study looks at how PepsiCo managed to grab and retain the market space.
When it comes to describing the 15-year-old brand Kurkure, the Rs 1,000-crore snackbrand of PepsiCo India, the old-timers often talk of luck. One of the members of the founding team, Geetu Verma says, "The birth of Kurkure was part necessity, part serendipity." Currently the Executive Director (food and refreshments) at Hindustan Unilever, Verma had strategised the brands launch in 1999. The need was to carve out a space as a competitor to namkeen and capture the market faster than potato chips. Initially the team's challenge was to differentiate the product in a market where potato chips at Rs 300/kg were also a significant premium to the namkeens, the traditional Indian salty snack, at Rs 100/kg. The luck was in how Kurkure did stunningly well in the market.
Rs 1,000 cr
Kurkure now commands 60 per cent of the market share in the so-called bridge segment of snacks.
Unlike potato chips or namkeens, Kurkure offered a different and compelling taste experience thanks to the different technology used to make it. The ingredients are fed into a machine that makes puffed extrusions or collette, which are then cut to desired length. It was a new experience for India and PepsiCo India managed to offer a compelling taste at a competitive price. "We had the same mix as a 200gm bag of namkeen for Rs 20 but we delivered a bag size that was almost 1.7 times bigger," says Verma. While a local snack of same quantity was of the same price, potato wafers were almost double the price.
Instead of a purely corn-based product, the team came up with a spicy flavoured Masala Munch made of lentils, rice and corn. "We were not sure if people would take to the new brand and so we had called it Lehar Kurkure," says Deepika Warrier, Vice President (Marketing), PepsiCo India. Lehar, the Indian partner's brand name, was added to Kurkure for access to local taste and cues. The team's concerns were justified as it was angling for a space between the traditional salty snack and the more western potato wafer. The company called it the 'bridge' category and Kurkure, the 'finger snack'.
Today, the company commands about 60 per cent market share in the 'bridge' category, which is worth Rs 1,950 crore. The total market for salty snacks in India is worth Rs 13,000 crore and traditional snacks account for Rs 5,200 crore. The puffed snack market too is valued at Rs 1,950 crore. The potato chips/wafer market is worth Rs 3,900 crore where Uncle Chips and PepsiCo's Lays are market leaders.
Hear the crunch
Though Kurkure created a new space in the market, the larger challenge for the company was to get the customers hooked to its unusually shape and crunchy texture. "In fact the brand name Kurkure was the outcome of a group discussion in which consumers sampled the brand and repeatedly said that it was nice and 'kurkura' (crunchy)," says Dr T.S.R Murali, Head of R&D, PepsiCo India. The first objective was to start consumer trials. "We stuck to the consumer feedbacks and used the advertising line Kya Karen Control Nahi Hota," says Warrier.
However, advertising was not the only strategy that the company relied on. While consumer trials were on, the sales team also launched an orange parade. "I remember being in Chandigarh, which was one of our first launch markets," says an industry veteran. All the three-wheelers carrying the product were painted orange. Almost the entire sales team had assembled in Chandigarh to ensure 100 per cent coverage of outlets in 10 days. Its success led to it being repeated in other regions too. "It was perhaps one of our fastest market placements ever. We knew in the first 30 days itself that there was no looking back," says a former PepsiCo India employee.
The brand created a new space in the market and succeeded in winning the hearts of customers
The company was relying on communication and also pushing the boundaries of marketing innovations. "They were the first in the segment to start selling ladis (string of packs) that we could hang out in our stores," says a shopkeeper. He lauded the company which in 2001 had provided racks outside the shops to display the brand.
After the product was established in the market, the phase II plans took off. There was a need to make Kurkure a central part of the tea-time. The company by then had clearly delineated between Lays and Kurkure brands. "We decided early on that it had to be part of the tea-time. It was this irrepressible, loud, desi brand that was affordable. Lays appealed to the youth, was Western in its taste cues and an impulsive out-of-home snack," says Warrier. As part of this, in 2005, the company roped in actor Juhi Chawla as a celebrity brand ambassador. The brand also kept pace with the flavour of the season - teleserials. The tagline 'Kahani Mein Kurkure' was launched where Chawla spoofed the character of Tulsi in the Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi soap and the brand humorously wedged itself into the mainstream.
The 'Kya Family Hai' campaign tried to capture the dysfunctional family that came together at tea-time.
Party Poopers
In 2007, the company was caught off-guard when ITC Foods launched Bingo. "Their communication was gaining traction and the product caught consumers' attention," says Warrier. PepsiCo started the Tedha Hai Par Mera Hai campaign that allowed the company to win back attention of customers from Bingo, which had a variant called Tedhe Medhe. There was a minor communication challenge too when the brand switched to 'Kya Family Hai' campaign. "We thought we might create a more real family if the protagonist wasn't a celebrity like Chawla. So then came the job of telling Chawla that she was not going to be Nikki, the protagonist in our new campaign," says Sonia Bhatnagar, Executive Creative Director, JWT. But that could not be managed. Though Chawla did her role well, the feedback was not satisfactory.
The brand was also embroiled in a controversy in 2008 when allegations surfaced on social media that Kurure contained plastic. "We have countered it in whatever platform it surfaced on. This issue has withered away," says Warrier.
The brand created a new space in the market and succeeded in winning the hearts of customers
However, many local competitors were mushrooming. Significant among them were Balaji Foods, Yellow Diamond and established brands DFM Foods with Crax brand and Haldiram's and Bikanerwala.Between 2009 and 2011, the number of local players rose from 1,378 to 2,863 and PepsiCo lost two to three per cent market share. The competition forced it to be innovative again. Around 2005, the brand had begun widening its consumption base in a manner similar to that of Cadbury's ad campaign through which it tried to put itself in place of traditional sweets. Kurkure made a similar attempt with its campaign Meetha Sheetha Chodo, Kurkure Kha Ke Ho Jao Mast. It also scaled down price to launch Rs 3 packs in 2004 and Rs 2 packs in 2011. The brand created excitement with its own versions of Desi Beats in 2009. "We used some tactical exercises where we combined our brands and offered attractive discounts," says Warrier.
"We have allowed Lays to take a correction but not Kurkure's. We worked on scaling down the packaging costs while keeping quality intact," she says. Industry sources say Kurkure continues to hold 60 per cent of the market share in the segment. All others such as Bingo, Yellow Diamond, Balaji and Bikanerwala together accounts for less than 25 per cent. "We will continue to take the high road of product innovation and have recently entered the puffed snacks range. There will be regionally strong players and there will be times when some others could come up with something new, but we are not taking off our eyes from the ball," says Warrier.
STAY WITH CONSUMER LIKES
"Kurkure must continue to come up with new products regularly"
SIDDHARTH SINGH,
Professor of Marketing, Indian School of Business
The market for namkeen is huge in India. But the quality of the offering by the local vendors is questionable. Indian consumer associate salty snacks from the global companies to high quality. But these snacks have limited appeal as they prefer spicy snacks. Kurkure has been successful because it offered alternatives that appealed to the Indian consumers' preference for spicy snacks in an innovative form. The packaging too was perceived as high quality. Though the category is competitive, it offers the benefit of easy experimentation.
Kurkure has done well so far. To maintain its dominance, Kurkure must focus on innovations in the marketing mix and address the needs, tastes and behaviour of Indian consumers. Kurkure must continue to come up with new products regularly. Despite growing competition, the Indian market still offers tremendous opportunity that Kurkure can exploit. For example, there are special-occasion snacks and region-specific snacks that Kurkure can offer.
While Kurkure offers products at different prices, the company has not focused much on product packaging. The company could keep distribution challenges and consumer behaviour in sight while developing new packages for its products. For example, it is common for consumers to keep namkeen in large packs and use small quantities when needed. Kurkure could explore resealable bags and sell Kurkure (or some version of it) in larger quantities. However, this might require efforts to maintain product integrity.
The Indian market is changing. Consumers prefer products that are healthy and environment-friendly. Packaged snacks are generally not considered healthy. So there is an opportunity to create value for consumers in new ways. Perhaps new product formulations and/or environment-friendly packs can be used to enter new and growing segments. Overall, the company can maintain its leadership through innovative new products that maintain the taste and quality parameters.
A CULTURAL BRAND IN MAKING
Ashish Mishra
"The embracing of the unusual and the imperfect as a brand philosophy seems to be an opportunity"
ASHISH MISHRA,
Managing Director, Interbrand
Today it is important to generate conversations around a brand. When are people most likely to engage in conversations? When they're passionate about something. So if one can hook a brand on to a cause, a conviction, an opinion that people really care about, there is a better chance of creating the highest order of connect through cultural branding. That's what some of the progressive Indian brands are attempting to do and Kurkure alongside Idea and perhaps Tata Tea are a few of the frontrunners.
While cultural brands have a universal prevalence with Coke being perhaps its most iconic example, the flux of the emerging markets works as a more conducive cruicible. Especially the pluralistic societies like ours with strong history and culture, when subjected to high degree of social change simmer with numerous sociocultural tensions. Examples of it are many. Unassisted nuclear family parenting in competitive high growth societies has turned hyper and is causing substantial parent-child relationship trauma. An apt Kurkure Ambassador Juhi wears a defiant mask in a parentteacher meeting to ward off the critical comments of a hyper teacher and defends her 'tedha' child. Don't we all feel like defending our overburdened little ones succumbing to needless competition?
Or for that sake the conflict of swarthy Indian maleness suffocating under the borrowed cloak of metrosexuality. Once again a less than coy Kurkure Ambassador defies her extra choosy dad by voicing her endosrement of a cute but crude prospective 'tedha' groom. The embracing of the unusual and the imperfect as a brand philosophy seems to be an opportunity. This is a wonderful possibility for a brand like Kurkure that has its genesis in its innovation as a 'bridge product'. The highlighting of the demand driver of crispness in its sound and layering the product uniqueness level through the spicily defiant 'tedhapan' remarkable evolution.

Can M-Pesa service succeed in IndiaStory
Inclusion by mobile
This case study looks at how M-Pesa, a service that originated in Kenya, was tweaked for India and whether it can succeed.
Sunny Sen      Follow @SunnySen    Edition: Nov 23, 2014
Money in mobile: A Vodafone subscriber with an M-Pesa agent (right) in Rithala village, Delhi (Photo: Lokesh Khatri)
Executive Summary: In 2007, M-Pesa started in Kenya as a CSR pilot project by Safaricom, a Vodafone subsidiary, to transfer money over mobile because it was unsafe to carry cash. But soon it changed into a financial service and became a big hit. Vodafone brought the platform to India in 2010 as a pilot in Rajasthan, and launched it in April 2013 . But it has had a slow start considering only 1.5 million of Vodafone's 170 million subscribers use this service. This case study looks at how a service that originated in Kenya was tweaked for India and whether it can succeed.
Geeta Devi, Choti Devi and Lilima Kachaap, three poor women in the nondescript area of Namkum near Ranchi, Jharkhand's capital, had recently given birth to healthy offspring. But their joy was tempered by exasperation. Their wait for due money from Janani Suraksha Yojana (JSY), a financial assistance plan under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), was getting never-ending. The scheme, which promotes institutional delivery among poor women, gives Rs 1,400 on the birth of every child to the mother.
Thankfully, the trio would get their due unlike thousands of others who do not, and from quite an unexpected source. It all started when Vodafone , India's second-largest mobile operator by subscriber base, tied up with NRHM to do a pilot project in Namkum. The objective: disburse money directly to the beneficiaries through M-Pesa - its financial mobile service better known as a mobile wallet. M-Pesa is a USSD-based (an SMS-based service that does not need Internet) technology that helps people send and receive money over the mobile, apart from making utility bill payments, and recharging mobile and DTH accounts.
The Jharkhand government shared the list of beneficiaries with Vodafone. In turn, Vodafone identified its customers on the list, and activated the M-Pesa service for them. For people who were not on Vodafone, the company put up camps in Namkum so that they could get Vodafone SIMs and the M-Pesa service.
Once that was done, the government sent information on the beneficiaries - and the money - to the banking system that was linked with the M-Pesa accounts. Vodafone's agents - some of who are also business correspondents - then hand over the money to the recipients. So, Geeta, Choti and Lilima - and several others - finally got their money through M-Pesa.
WHY MOBILE MONEY MIGHT WORK IN INDIA
Mobile money has worked elsewhere in the world. M-Pesa was started in Kenya in 2007 by Safaricom , a 90- per cent Vodafone subsidiary, as a corporate social responsibility (CSR) activity. Due to Kenya's high crime rate, it was near impossible to carry money physically. So M-Pesa started as a money transfer project and was hugely successful. Today, M-Pesa has 70 per cent penetration in Kenya and is no more a CSR activity.
India might not have the same problem as Kenya, but mobile money still holds up an interesting solution for money transfer to rural areas.
Consider the facts. India has 100,000 bank branches, five per cent of which are in rural areas. Sending money through banks becomes impossible for the millions of villagers who migrate to big cities for work. The post office system is also used a lot to transfer money, but is not considered entirely reliable. As a result, most migrant workers send money home in cash through travelling relatives or acquaintances - a method fraught with chance and risk.
At the same time, government assistance schemes like JSY and employment plans like MNREGA (Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act) have given rise to a new breed of middlemen. This unscrupulous lot takes commissions to disburse the money to the beneficiaries, but don't always deliver. And the cheated beneficiary is none the wiser, largely due to ignorance and illiteracy. Plus, there are the inevitable delays due to red tape.
In Odisha, for instance, a large chunk of rural employment comes from MNREGA, which ensures 100 working days to every enrolled individual in rural India each financial year. In the current financial year, according to estimates by experts, 6.48 crore payments are delayed by more than 15 days, worth Rs 4,629 crore, much behind the government's desire to clear all payments within 15 days.
In Odisha, Vodafone did another pilot and tied up with the state government to disburse wages of MNREGA workers through M-Pesa in the Hinjilicut and Chikiti blocks in Ganjam district. It solved two problems. For those with accounts in local cooperative banks and post offices, it reduced delay in payment. And it helped deliver the money to the people who didn't have bank accounts.
What works in mobile's favour is that India has 900 million mobile subscribers, 40 per cent of which are rural consumers. "Time will tell if it is the best possible way, but it definitely seems that m-banking is the best available medium, because of mobile telephony's penetration in rural India," says telecom regulatory expert Mahesh Uppal.
HOW VODAFONE DID IT
After travelling through Tanzania, Fiji, South Africa and Congo, M-Pesa finally made its launch in India in April 2013, after a pilot in 2010. That was when Vodafone had tied up with HDFC Bank to become a banking correspondent in a small village called Sikar, in Rajasthan's Jaipur district. The pilot was small, and wasn't scalable then due to regulatory problems - the government had yet not given mobile wallet licences to operators. Vodafone was dependent on HDFC Bank to get the wallet activated, which took anything between eight and 10 days. As a result, people would often lose interest and never come back. "We wanted to understand distribution and customer need," says Suresh Sethi, head of M-Pesa in India. "It was a good learning process for us."
Things changed in June 2012, when the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) started giving out licences to start mobile wallet, and Vodafone applied. In November, the operators, including Airtel, were given licences to operate a semi-open mobile wallet - which allowed consumers to send and transfer money, pay bills and do recharges, but did not allow the user to take out cash. But the RBI did allow interoperability with a bank, which enabled Vodafone to tie up with ICICI Bank to allow cash out options.
Finally, Vodafone's M-Pesa service was rolled out in April 2013, in the circles of West Bengal, Kolkata, Bihar and Jharkhand. A lot of people from these states migrate to bigger cities for jobs. M-Pesa users, who could enrol in M-Pesa by a one-time payment ofRs 100, also needed to open an account with ICICI Bank.
So Vodafone started collecting Know Your Customer (KYC) forms, a mandatory requirement to open a bank account, and started instant activation. "We are doing a quasi-banking service. We collect KYC forms like any bank does," says Sethi. Thousands of Vodafone dealers became M-Pesa agents or business correspondents, and started banking the unbanked.
The only problem at the time was that all M-Pesa agents had to be within 30 km of their parent bank, especially since ICICI Bank does not have deep penetration in rural India. (The RBI subsequently removed the 30-km restriction this June.)
Within a year of M-Pesa's launch, Vodafone completed its pan-India rollout. Today, it has 80,000 outlets or banking correspondents, 60 per cent of which are in rural India, and all of them have the ability to cash out. Even though M-Pesa has other services like utility bill payments and recharge options, money transfer accounts for 60 per cent of the business.
To Vodafone's advantage, therefore, is the limited banking infrastructure in the country and the migrant workers' need to send money home in a secure manner. What helps is that Vodafone has a distribution network that spans 1.7 million touch points, and deep penetration in rural India - of its 170 million users, 53 per cent are in rural areas.
Of course, Vodafone isn't the only company offering money transfer on mobile. India's biggest mobile operator Bharti Airtel launched Airtel Money in January 2011. But its inherent disadvantage is that it doesn't allow cash out, as it does not have a pan-India tie-up with any bank, except a very small footprint with Axis Bank. Airtel's older tie-up with State Bank of India (SBI) has also long come to an end. SBI itself runs a banking correspondent service called Eko India Financial Services. Eko works as a mobile wallet, but is not dependent on any mobile operator. But the network is much smaller than Vodafone's.
Idea Cellular, India's third-largest mobile operator, also has an M-Wallet. "In its current form, the segment that it appeals to is the urban and semi-urban user," says Ambrish Jain, Deputy Managing Director of Idea Cellular. "But m-banking is needed for the unbanked population who don't have debit and credit cards . And they require cash out, which is not available today."
Telecom companies are expecting that once the RBI comes out with the final guidelines, it will allow them to provide cash out services without any intervention needed from banks.
LONG WAY TO GO
However, the success of M-Pesa in India on a scale comparable to Kenya looks like a long haul. Of Vodafone's user base of 170 million, only 1.5 million are enrolled in M-Pesa. And less than one-third of these are active users. A lot of this is because people still rely on the bank to deposit money, and are not comfortable transferring money over mobile.
Write your view
The problems with microfinance in India had raised a question: is it too early for financial inclusion in India? And now, there is a new question: is it too early for inclusion through mobile? Marten Pieters, CEO of Vodafone India, doesn't think so. "No, we feel that we are well positioned and aligned to enable financial inclusion," he says confidently.
Vodafone is also upgrading the M-Pesa platform. The old platform was an import from Kenya, and is not scalable. The new platform being built will also work on the Internet. "We have built capability to provide Internet-based services also, given that reduction in price points of smartphones and increased availability has led to (their) greater adoption," says Pieters. "M-Pesa will also be available on a mobile app shortly."
In 2011, industry estimates and experts had said that by 2015 there will be anywhere between 200 and 300 million people using financial inclusion, but numbers haven't yet reached a sixth of that. Even though Vodafone has got initial success with M-Pesa, the bigger challenge is to get the numbers like its mobile service has garnered.
EXPERT VIEW:
OPTIMUM ADOPTION OF M-PESA WILL TAKE AT LEAST TWO YEARS
Sanchit Vir Gogia
"M-Pesa's adoption has been low owing to factors such as awareness and lack of information and communication technology"
SANCHIT VIR GOGIA
Chief Analyst & CEO, Greyhound Research
Financial inclusion is the need of the hour in a country like India and it has been emphasised enough by government, companies and individuals. The RBI's pilot project on M-Wallet has been an important factor within the e-commerce industry and I believe it is heading in the right direction.
Talking about M-Pesa, which is Vodafone's M-Wallet offering, the adoption has been low owing to factors such as awareness and lack of ICT (information and communication technology) networks. For this platform to thrive it is imperative that India also reaches a healthy stage of digital inclusion, that is, connectivity for all. Adoption is a key factor for such a service. It is important to understand that for any new service, a mind-shift to use that particular service takes time. This will happen when the government brings vendors, suppliers and the customer on a single platform to promote M-Wallet or, in this case, M-Pesa.
Word of mouth is the greatest tool for influencing people. If the service picks up in tier-1 and metropolitan cities, it is bound to have a ripple effect in tier-2 and tier-3 cities. However, the success and the growth of M-Pesa will depend on the merchants who will promote and integrate M-Pesa with their business needs. We still need to understand the fact that there are many uneducated people in the tier-2 and tier-3 markets who do not understand the concept of M-Wallet in its complete functionality. Educating them is a primary concern for vendors. If this problem is approached strategically, it is only then that M-Pesa can achieve its optimum growth.
Therefore, Vodafone needs to approach the Indian market very strategically by ensuring that people are digitally educated on the advantages and convenience of a platform like M-Pesa. In order to achieve optimum adoption of M-Pesa platform, Vodafone needs to give at least two years.
M-PESA FIRST NEEDS TO FIND ACCEPTANCE IN URBAN AREAS
Rajesh Chakrabarti
"The enrolments and benefits of M-Pesa are not likely to grow smoothly over time"
RAJESH CHAKRABARTI
Executive Director, Bharti Institute of Public Policy, Indian School of Business, Mohali Campus
Mobile money, or M-Pesa as Vodafone introduced it, has been a much awaited product in India. Given India's enviable mobile penetration and massive financial exclusion and significant cash management problems in certain areas, mobile money appears like the most sensible solution. However, one has to understand that a product like M-Pesa becomes useful only when a significant number of people begin using it, particularly the people you are usually transacting with or sending remittances to.
So, the enrolments and benefits of M-Pesa are not likely to grow smoothly over time, but are likely to exhibit significant "breaks" as the service crosses certain critical thresholds. Hence the thrust on hooking up large-scale vendors like railway ticket service, a node that touches hundreds of thousands of people and helps M-Pesa jump over to a new threshold in its network effect.
Given this nature of the product, it remains too early to evaluate the success and impact of M-Pesa. Customer acquisition will be the name of the game and Vodafone has chosen to replicate its successful African model in India by spreading a large number of agents, over 75,000, across the country and has already crossed the million-customer mark. A strategy for customer acquisition, particularly focused at the bottom of the pyramid, is likely to be the key driver. However, here too, a conscious, focused approach of taking M-Pesa to the financially excluded may actually be less productive than seeking to create M-Pesa as the "in" thing and find initial acceptance in an affluent urban demography and then have it "trickle" or "gush down" to the financially excluded.
Service providers are likely to see more benefits of signing up if their customers are into mobile money. As a result, convenience rather than ending exclusion may end up being the USP. There, of course, M-Pesa will have to battle it out with other bank account or credit card-based forms of mobile payments, but that should be a familiar battleground for Vodafone.

Government Should Hike LPG Prices Every Month: RS SharmaYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Government Should Hike LPG Prices Every Month: RS Sharma
Published On:                  November 28, 2014                 | Duration: 10 min, 30 sec

Einhorn fund rides equities to 5.8% November gainEinhorn fund rides equities to 5.8% November gain
Einhorn fund rides equities to 5.8% November gain
Bloomberg's Betty Liu reports that billionaire investor David Einhorn's fund gained 5.8 percent in November.
Bloomberg's Betty Liu reports that billionaire investor David Einhorn's fund gained 5.8 percent in November.

Follow market cues after RBI policy01 December 2014
Monday
Markets take a day of rest; Nifty closes with minor losses; RBI meeting tomorrow may set the stage for clear trend over next few days; World markets probably entering a minor correction; follow market cues after RBI policy
Bank Nifty traded very narrow and choppy today. This is normal after a big range day. CNX IT closes just above to 12000. Trend is up and a breakout above 12030 may give us a buying opportunity in this sector.
We have GOLDMINI in METAL SECTION. Prices have started trading choppy and range bound. We will discuss the support and resistance level for this instrument. We have PHARMA in Sector Focus. Trend is up in this sector. We will discuss the current scenario of PHARMA Stocks. Stock in focus includes APOLLOTYRE< AUROPHARMA< RECLTS and TECHM. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss a trade in USDINR in Currency Tracker Section.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Follow market cues after RBI policy: Sukhani01 December 2014
Monday
Markets take a day of rest; Nifty closes with minor losses; RBI meeting tomorrow may set the stage for clear trend over next few days; World markets probably entering a minor correction; follow market cues after RBI policy
Bank Nifty traded very narrow and choppy today. This is normal after a big range day. CNX IT closes just above to 12000. Trend is up and a breakout above 12030 may give us a buying opportunity in this sector.
We have GOLDMINI in METAL SECTION. Prices have started trading choppy and range bound. We will discuss the support and resistance level for this instrument. We have PHARMA in Sector Focus. Trend is up in this sector. We will discuss the current scenario of PHARMA Stocks. Stock in focus includes APOLLOTYRE< AUROPHARMA< RECLTS and TECHM. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss a trade in USDINR in Currency Tracker Section.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Just Dial Bets Big on E-CommerceYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Just Dial Bets Big on E-Commerce
Published On:                  December  1, 2014                 | Duration: 7 min, 29 sec

Like SBI  Bank of Baroda in PSU Banking Space: StanChartYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Like SBI, Bank of Baroda in PSU Banking Space: StanChart
Published On:                  December  1, 2014                 | Duration: 22 min, 32 sec
Tweet
Rahul Singh, head-research at Standard Chartered says there is still some upside left in banking sector for next 6-12 months. Private sector banks look better and in addition I prefer names like SBI and Bank of Baroda from PSU banking space, he adds.

Expect a Cap on Overall Gold Imports: KotakYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Expect a Cap on Overall Gold Imports: Kotak
Published On:                  December  1, 2014                 | Duration: 9 min, 35 sec

BeaconStream to pilot beacons in IndiaUpdated: December 2, 2014 00:17 IST
BeaconStream to pilot beacons in India
Sanjay Vijayakumar
business (general)
BeaconStream, a proximity-based mobile marketing and advertising platform based on Apple’s iBeacon technology, will start piloting beacons in malls in Bengaluru and Chennai.
iBeacon is Apple trademarked technology for an indoor positioning system that runs on Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE), also known as Bluetooth Smart. The technology enables an iOS device or other hardware to send push notifications to iOS devices in close proximity. They can also be used by the Android operating system.
“After Apple introduced the technology, many vendors started manufacturing these devices. We are one of them, and we design the beacon and hold the intellectual property and manufacture it in Chennai,” said BeaconStream Chief Technology Officer Gautam Mandewalker. A Bluetooth-based beacon would cost between Rs.2,500 and Rs.3,000, and allowed proximity-based marketing directly to customers in the form of transmitting messages or prompts directly to a smartphone or tablet, he added.
Malls feeling heat from e-commerce
According to Mr. Mandewalker, CitiCenter mall in Chennai, Gopalan shopping Mall in Bengaluru and Sigma Technology Park in Bengaluru will be doing the pilots in the next three weeks.
“ If a customer visits a mall, the beacon will alert about the proximity and the particular brand can send offers or run an immediate marketing campaign to convert that footfall into sales,” he added.
BeaconStream is also in talks with Titan for its Bengaluru stores, Reliance Trends and LifeStyle at CitiCentre to pilot the beacons.
“Malls are feeling the heat from e-commerce firms, which are beating them with targeted offers. So, malls are looking at beacons positively,” Mr. Mandewalker said.

Mohan Breweries to merge with BinnyUpdated: December 2, 2014 00:16 IST
Mohan Breweries to merge with Binny
N. Anand
merger, acquisition and takeover
Plant will be relocated to Kancheepuram
Mohan Breweries and Distilleries Ltd., (MBDL) will move its 40-year-old brewery and bottling plant located on the outskirts of Chennai to Kancheepuram district by January next.
The new unit would be spread across 50 acres. The exercise would cost the company around Rs.300-350 crore. However, there would not be any change in production and bottling capacity of the relocated unit. The entire cost of relocation would be met through internal accruals and income from the real estate business.
It was decided to move the plant to Kancheepuram as the present site had become highly populated.
MBDL merger
To provide more value addition to the shareholders, the board of the company has decided to merge MBDL, along with its subsidiary Arthos Breweries Ltd., with Binny Ltd.
Talking to The Hindu, Binny Executive Chairman M. Nandagopal said: “We have not paid dividend for a long time. Hence, it was decided to go for the merger. MBDL has a turnover of Rs.1,200 crore, and after the merger, EBITA will be Rs.140-150 crore. The merger ratio will be announced in three-four days time.”
Binny is a listed company, while MBDL is a public limited company. Arthos was once listed on the Hyderabad Stock Exchange. But now, it is an unlisted company. MBDL has bottling and brewing units in Tamil Nadu, Puducherry and Seemandhra. Arthos is present in Seemandra and Kerala.
“After the merger, the Binny name will stay. It will be associated with brewery and distillery as well as real estate business,” he said.

Moodys downgrades Japan sovereign debtUpdated: December 2, 2014 00:12 IST
Moody’s downgrades Japan sovereign debt
Reuters
investment service
Moody’s Investors Service on Monday downgraded Japan’s sovereign debt rating by one notch to A1, citing rising uncertainty over the country’s ability to hit its debt-reduction goal.
The announcement briefly sent the yen to a seven-year low against the dollar and pushed 10-year Japanese government bond (JGB) futures down by 10 ticks.
The downgrade came less than two weeks before Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe seeks re-election at a snap poll where his stimulus policies and a decision to delay a second sales tax hike will be among the key campaign issues.

Markets Seen Falling 3-5% by January-End: G ChokkalingamYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Markets Seen Falling 3-5% by January-End: G Chokkalingam
Published On:                  December  1, 2014                 | Duration: 20 min, 36 sec
Tweet
G Chokkalingam, founder of Equinomics Research & Advisory, says both GDP numbers and corporate earnings in the September quarter have been disappointing. He, however, adds that the correction may be avoided if the RBI surprises with a 0.5 per cent rate cut in its December 2 policy.

Oil stocks sputter againOil services stocks sputter again
By: Gary Strauss December 1, 2014 1:01 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AFP/Getty
Crude oil prices had one of their sharpest one-day gains since August 2012 Monday, with benchmark recovering nearly half of Friday’s 10% selloff following the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries failure to curb production.
But with crude oil still down 35% from June’s peak and speculation that prices won’t floor until 2015,  oil drilling and services companies staggered by the plunge continue to swoon.
Among them, driller Miller Energy Resources MILL , down 32% to $1.59 and now off 82% from its 52-week high; Emerald Oil EOX , off 23% to $1.47; Goodrich Petroleum GDP , down 22% to $4.73 (85% off its 52-week high); North American Drilling NAD L, down 20% to $1.94; Atlas Pipeline Partners APL , off 16% to $27.41 and Oasis Petroleum OAS , down 7% to $17.09.
Transocean RIG dropped 5% to $19.99. Halliburton HAL , which like many energy services stocks flirted with 52-week lows, dropped 2.4% to $41.21. Integrated energy producers were among the day’s lone bright spots. Exxon Mobil XOM rose 2% to $92.35, while Chevron CVX gained 2.6% to $111.73.
Occidental OYX Petroleum, which dipped to a 52-week low in early trading, ended up nearly 4% to $79.45. OxyPete’s energy company spinoff, California Resources, CRC began its first trading day with an 8.5% loss. Shares fell 68 cents to $7.37.
 Follow Strauss on Twitter @gstrauss_
 

A nations mourning now comes to a small town called homeWritten by Bharat Sundaresan | Macksville |
Posted: December 2, 2014 4:19 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 9:23 pm
The Star Hotel is a bustling watering hole on the Nambucca riverfront. For more than a century, generations of those who call Macksville home have rushed here every evening to socialise and quench their thirst. Just like they did on Monday evening. But there was one table that stood out because of its occupants. Around it were gathered Australian Test captain Michael Clarke, former leg-spinner Stuart Macgill, and Greg Hughes, father of Phillip Hughes — the youth who once frequented the pub and who will now be buried in the town in a day’s time.
The mood at the table wasn’t overtly sombre as Clarke and Macgill exchanged jokes and banter with the senior Hughes. But the laughter hid a myriad of emotions, felt not just by them but by the whole of Australia.
The group mingled with the others for close to an hour before the senior Hughes decided to leave. But he couldn’t exit the place before receiving hugs and pats on the back from almost every other Macksville regular present at Star. It was a poignant moment, but he kept his emotions in check. Clarke, who flew into Macksville in a helicopter, and Macgill stayed for 15 more minutes before making their way to the motel where they are staying. Both are here to attend the funeral on Wednesday.
Despite the first Test being pushed back by three days, it is still not clear whether Clarke will play the rescheduled first match at the Adelaide Oval. For now, like he’s reiterated on many occasions, comforting the Hughes family is Clarke’s foremost priority. And he was doing just that, at a place which housed many happy memories for the Hughes family.
Macksville is some 500 km north of Sydney, a six-hour drive en route to Brisbane. In terms of size, it’s among the smaller towns on the Pacific Highway.
A board welcoming you to Macksville tells you that the population of the banana plantation town is 7,000. But locals are quick to confess that that number is off the mark by a significant margin and not more than 3,000 reside here. But it’s the name of one member who’s been snatched away from them, their beloved Phillip, that is on everyone’s lips these days.
There is hardly anyone who doesn’t know Hughes. From the chef at Star, Craig Mattick, to trucker Terry Ballard, who’s never left Macksville. They all have memories about young Hughes and his cricketing adventures.
East Street is a long road in the inner part of the town, with one-storey dwellings lining both sides. It’s here that Hughes began his life, and his cricket journey, playing competitive games with his older brother Jason. House No. 59 carries a lonely and solemn look, with an array of bouquets and cards placed outside. Neighbours continued…

Aetna Names Karen Rohan PresidentIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Royal Caribbean Joins S&P 500It has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Following two sexual assaults  Wesleyan University bans fraternity from holding social eventsBy Peter Holley December 1 Follow @peterjholley
In September, Wesleyan University officials told the school’s all-male Greek organizations that they had three years to become co-educational. Today, school officials went a step further and banned the Psi Upsilon fraternity from holding social events until the end of 2015, according to a statement from Wesleyan University President Michael S. Roth.
The move came after two members of the fraternity were dismissed from the Connecticut school following sexual assaults in 2011 and 2013, the statement noted.
“Our university has the responsibility to provide a safe residential learning environment where all students can experience the freedom of a transformative education, wherever they live or choose to socialize,” Roth wrote. “We take this responsibility seriously. Therefore, in addition to taking action against individuals found to have perpetrated a violent act, any campus-based organization that has sponsored events that create conditions with a higher risk of violence, including sexual assault, also will be held accountable.”
The decision follows the  release of an 11-point letter  in the spring; the letter, signed by hundred of students and faculty members, urged for reforms of the school’s three all-male residential fraternities. In September, university officials banned students from Beta Theta Pi, an off-campus fraternity that’s sometimes called the “Rape Factory,” according to a 2012 lawsuit filed against the university .
“Because fraternities are male-exclusive and the possessors of some of our campus’s largest party spaces, they explicitly and implicitly cultivate a gender-based power dynamic that privileges men, the hosts, over women, who are among the guests,” the letter said. “This power dynamic engenders sexual assault because women are institutionally encouraged to “repay” men for their hospitality, often with sex, and men are institutionally provided with a control over their guests, especially women.”
Wesleyan is just the latest school to crack down on its Greek organizations in an effort to curb dangerous and offensive activity.
RELATED: U-Va.’s entrenched fraternity culture at tipping point
Clemson University suspended all fraternity activity after a college sophomore fell to his death in September, and Penn State-Altoona levied a six-year ban against a fraternity amid reports linking a member’s suicide to hazing,  according to CNN .
Texas Tech University’s Phi Delta Theta chapter was suspended, according to Inside Higher Ed , “after displaying a banner that read “No Means Yes, Yes Means Anal.”
Dartmouth College faculty recent held a nonbinding vote to abolish the fraternity system entirely, according to Bloomberg . “Eight fraternities said in September that they had formed a group to confront sexual misconduct, alcohol abuse and hazing,” the Bloomberg article said. “Lambda Chi Alpha, Phi Delta Theta, Pi Kappa Alpha, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Alpha Mu, Sigma Chi, Tau Kappa Epsilon and Triangle fraternities said they would begin using a new curriculum to inform undergraduate members about the risks of these behaviors.”
And last month, Rolling Stone published a lengthy investigative story about a University of Virginia freshman who was allegedly gang-raped by seven men at a fraternity party in 2012. University President Teresa Sullivan quickly moved to suspect all Greek activity until January.
“The wrongs described in Rolling Stone are appalling and have caused all of us to reexamine our responsibility to this community,” Sullivan wrote in a statement posted on the school’s website . “Rape is an abhorrent crime that has no place in the world, let alone on the campuses and grounds of our nation’s colleges and universities.
“We know, and have felt very powerfully this week, that we are better than we have been described, and that we have a responsibility to live our tradition of honor every day, and as importantly every night.”
Peter Holley is a general assignment reporter at The Washington Post. He can be reached at peter.holley@washpost.com.

cyber attack on Sony PicturesNorth Korea has refused to deny involvement in a cyber-attack on Sony Pictures that came ahead of the release of a film about leader Kim Jong-un.
Sony is investigating after its computers were attacked and unreleased films made available on the internet.
When asked if it was involved in the attack a spokesman for the North Korean government replied: "Wait and see."
In June, North Korea complained to the United Nations and the US over the comedy film The Interview.
In the movie, Seth Rogen and James Franco play two reporters who are granted an audience with Kim Jong-un. The CIA then enlists the pair to assassinate him.
North Korea described the film as an act of war and an "undisguised sponsoring of terrorism", and called on the US and the UN to block it.
California-based Sony Pictures' computer system went down last week and hackers then published a number of as-yet unreleased films on online download sites.
Among the titles is a remake of the classic film Annie, which is not due for release until 19 December.
Alastair Leithead says N Korea is furious about the new film
The film about North Korea does not appear to have been leaked.
When asked about the cyber-attack, a spokesman for North Korea's UN mission said: "The hostile forces are relating everything to the DPRK (North Korea). I kindly advise you to just wait and see."
On Monday, Sony Pictures said it had restored a number of important services that had to be shut down after the attack.
It said it was working closely with law enforcement officials to investigate the matter but made no mention of North Korea.
The FBI has confirmed that it is investigating. It has also warned other US businesses that unknown hackers have launched a cyber-attack with destructive malware.
Analysis: Leo Kelion, technology desk editor
Suggestions North Korea could be behind the Sony Pictures hack has drawn incredulity from some, surprised that the "Hermit Kingdom" might be able to pull off such a stunt.
In fact, experts say Pyongyang's cyber-skills should not be underestimated. One US government adviser warned last year that North Korean hackers posed "an important 'wild card' threat" to US and international security.
Being sure about how far its cyber-capabilities extend isn't easy. A report by Hewlett Packard's security division noted that most North Koreans were restricted to an intranet system, separate from the wider internet, which limits their links to the outside world.
But the report noted that the state's education system places special emphasis on mathematics, which has helped it develop skilled programmers, cryptographers and security researchers.
According to a report by Al-Jazeera , North Korean defectors have spoken of promising students going on a two-year accelerated university course before heading to China and Russia for a year to hone their hacking skills.
A US analyst quoted a defector who claimed to be part of North Korea's Unit 121 hacking squad until he escaped in 2004. He said some operations had been carried out from a Pyongyang-owned hotel in Shenyang, China.
According to HP, North Korea's "cyber-warriors" are thought to have carried out a wide variety of attacks, including:
Spreading malware via video games
Stealing details of foreign technologies stored on computers
Carrying out distributed denial of service attacks (DDoS), which knock services offline by flooding them with traffic sent from hijacked foreign computers
Cyber-psychological operations - posting propaganda to social networks and "trolling" message boards
However, hacking a major corporation to make threatening demands is not a behaviour that has been linked to North Korea in the past, and the hashtag #GOP (Guardians of Peace) - used in the Sony attack - is not known to have been used by Pyongyang.
More on This Story

Trajectory to remain dovish; Narendra Modi govt must do its part : AnalystSpeakRBI POLICY REVIEW: HIGHLIGHTS
RADHIKA RAO, ECONOMIST, DBS, SINGAPORE:
The RBI did not relent to market pressure and opted to keep rates unchanged. The policy language has turned neutral as risks to the FY16 target are now seen as evenly balanced, but policymakers were quick to add that durability of readings beyond December will be watched.
We interpret these statements to signal that a decision to lower rates will be data-dependant given the uncertainty over the trajectory for crude prices and challenging fiscal outlook. More importantly, the RBI is wary of policy flip-flops and highlights that if and when the policy direction shifts, the subsequent action needs to be consistent with the changed course.
Hence, further clarity on price outlook will be preferable as base effects fade in first quarter next year. Nonetheless, the door for rate cuts has been left open and is likely to see the market shift rate cut expectations to February’s review.
SANDEEP NANDA, CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER, BHARTI AXA LIFE INSURANCE, MUMBAI
The policy has come in line with market expectations. There is no rate cut but guidance is definitely dovish. People will now expect rate cuts from February onwards. RBI has brought down its expectations to market’s level. More positive surprises can be expected given the way commodity prices are behaving.
ARVIND CHARI, HEAD OF FIXED INCOME AND ALTERNATIVES, QUANTUM ADVISORS, MUMBAI
We have maintained that the RBI will only move post certainty on growth polices and supply reforms in the budget. We thus expect the first rate cut to be immediately post-budget in the first half of March and it can be a 50 basis point cut.
KILLOL PANDYA, SENIOR FUND MANAGER-DEBT, LIC NOMURA MF
RBI’s policy is very balanced and pragmatic. There should be no complaints from market participants. The policy is dovish relatively so there would be continued expectations of rate cuts in future. The trajectory would remain dovish but government’s needs to do its part.
R.K. GUPTA, MD, TAURUS ASSET MANAGEMENT, NEW DELHI
This is what we were expecting. Probably rates may not be reduced before April 2015. Reducing 25 basis points is not going change anything in the corporate sector. If inflation continues to remain low, foreign currency reserves remain comfortable, current account deficit remains under control, probably you can expect a 50-75 basis point cut in April 2015, after the budget. RBI will take a very, very cautious approach.
SHAKTI SATAPATHY, FIXED INCOME STRATEGIST, AK CAPITAL, MUMBAI
Today’s action is aimed at containing the medium-term inflationary pressure and is well in line with the RBI’s sanctity towards its previous tone. However, the tone for today’s policy seems more softer on account of positive developments happening to the intermittent data points. The prolonged low price regime seen in international crude and the government’s effort in containing the fiscal deficit would weigh positive in forthcoming policies of 2015 and might lead to a first rate cut in the first quarter of 2015.
DEVENDRA KUMAR PANT, CHIEF ECONOMIST AND SENIOR DIRECTOR, (HEAD-PUBLIC FINANCE), INDIA RATINGS AND RESEARCH
The policy has come in line with our expectations. There are high chances of a rate cut in Feb 2015. Decline in inflation has come mainly from falling crude oil prices. Oil prices will remain low but may not see a sharp fall next year. Food inflation may also rise due to summer pressure. Base-effect will keep inflation lower until December.
J. VENKATESAN, EQUITY FUND MANAGER, SUNDARAM AMC, CHENNAI
The central bank has made a strong dovish statement. Inflation is clearly trending downwards, and based on that the RBI has clearly stated that the monetary stance will be reviewed early next year. If the interest rate is cut it would be sentimentally beneficial, but things will not pick up just because of rate cuts. A strong reforms push is needed to revive economic growth, that is where the cycle had got stuck.
A. PRASANNA, ECONOMIST, ICICI SECURITIES PRIMARY DEALERSHIP LTD, MUMBAI
This policy is as per expectation. The guidance is dovish which leads us to believe that there is a significant chance of policy easing by February subject to inflation and government’s efforts to meet fiscal targets. At this point we’ll go with 25 basis points. The bond market is running ahead, but there’s more conviction about policy easing by February.
KUMAR RACHAPUDI, SENIOR RATES STRATEGIST, ANZ, SINGAPORE
The RBI assessing the risks to its January 2016 inflation forecast as ‘balanced’, previously the risks were biased upside, is significant. In fact, the RBI said if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year. Think this paves way for a rate cut in early 2015 unless global commodity prices aggressively reverse their fall. We like staying long Indian bonds here.
SANDEEP BAGLA, ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR, TRUST GROUP
The change in stance by RBI is very heartening. The easing of commodity prices has meant that the central bank has room to cut rate by around 75 bps for the next full year. Market has tried to price in this possibility by rallying strongly. There’s a good chance that the 10-year yield will fall to 7.90-7.95 in the immediate term.
R. SIVAKUMAR, HEAD OF FIXED INCOME, AXIS ASSET MANAGEMENT, MUMBAI
Clearly, a very dovish statement by the governor; they have acknowledged that inflation is treading expectations and that there is scope for monetary easing in early 2015. Markets like clarity and they are reading this as a signal that barring any surprises, a Feb 2015 rate cut looks likely.
BACKGROUND
- India’s annual infrastructure output growth accelerated to 6.3 percent in October, driven by pick up in coal and electricity generation, government data showed, indicating an improvement in economic activity.
- Gross domestic product expanded 5.3 percent in the July-September quarter from a year earlier as a manufacturing slump took the bounce out of Asia’s third-largest economy. Growth in the previous quarter was at a 2-1/2 year high of 5.7 percent.
- India has scrapped a rule mandating traders to export 20 percent of all gold imported into the country, a surprise move that could cut smuggling and raise legal shipments into the world’s second-biggest consumer of the metal after China.
- The Indian government plans to raise about 891.2 billion rupees ($14.4 billion) by reducing its stakes in state-run banks to 52 percent, the junior finance minister said.
- India could give banks more flexibility to restructure distressed loans in a bid to steer funding towards cash-strapped infrastructure projects, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan said.
- The wholesale price index rose an annual 1.77 percent last month, its slowest since September 2009, compared with the 2.20 percent forecast by economists in a Reuters poll.
- Retail inflation, which the RBI tracks in setting lending rates, slowed to 5.52 percent in October from a multi-year low of 6.46 percent a month earlier, helped by slower annual rises in food and fuel prices.
- India raised the minimum capital requirement for so-called shadow banks and tightened rules on deposits and bad loans to avoid any potential risk to the economy from these rapidly growing finance firms by regulating them like traditional banks.
TAGS: Raghuram Rajan RBI Policy Reserve Bank Of India
More from economy
Per capita annual income increases in national capital The per capita annual income in the national capital has increased to Rs 2.19 lakh in 2013-14 as campared to Rs 1.92 lakh in the previous fiscal.

Will file defamation case against BJP: Arvind Kejriwal 
 
Former Delhi Chief inister Arvind Kejriwal on Tuesday said his party will file a criminal defamation case against BJP which has alleged that AAP was diverting funds from NGOs of its leaders.
Kejriwal also challenged the BJP to disclose the list of their donors as his party has done and accused the saffron party of “terrorising” those who have donated money to AAP.
He also took a jibe at the media for “arbitrary coverage” of the allegations levelled by the BJP.
“Media has widely covered arbitrary and baseless allegations by BJP against our funding. We are filing criminal defamation against BJP.
“I have been challenging BJP and Congress to disclose their list of donors (the way we do). Would media give similar coverage to us? For the first time, a political party (is) trying transparent funding n disclosing its list of donors.
BJP trying to terrorise our donors. Fair?” the AAP chief posted on Twitter.
AAP had organised lunch for traders, with an entry fee of Rs 20,000. The party collected a whopping sum of Rs 50 lakh.
In a similar event held in Mumbai last Thursday, the party had fetched Rs 91 lakh, taking the total to Rs 1.41 crore in just two such events.
Accusing AAP of diverting funds from NGOs of its leaders, Delhi BJP had yesterday called for a probe into such events.

http://usat.ly/1FJ0QF9Warby Parker: A visionary approach to selling eyewear
Warby Parker: A visionary approach to selling eyewear
Entrepreneur of the Year series: Dave Gilboa co-founder and co-CEO of Warby Parker, tells why his glasses company has grown so fast, both online an in brick-and-mortar stores. USA TODAY
Matthew Diebel , USATODAY 8:35 a.m. EST December 1, 2014
Dave Gilboa is co-CEO of eyeglasses maker Warby Parker, which is headquartered in New York City.
(Photo: Todd Plitt, USA TODAY)
195 CONNECT 90 TWEET 62 LINKEDIN 11 COMMENTEMAILMORE
NEW YORK — Ever wonder why a pair of reasonably decent eyeglass frames costs $250 or more while a pair of sunglasses of similar quality — complete with lenses — costs a fraction of that?
Or why high-end shopping areas and upscale malls across the nation are peppered with eyeglass stores?
Two words: huge profits.
That thinking — and the loss of a pair of glasses — was the genesis of Warby Parker, the online-based retailer that has exploded into the marketplace by selling stylish $95 frames complete with lenses.
"The technology behind a pair of glasses is 800 years old," says co-CEO Dave Gilboa at the company's headquarters in New York City's trendy SoHo neighborhood.  "And it's kind of crazy you can buy a new iPhone for less than it costs to buy a pair of glasses."
Gilboa points to a virtual monopoly in the industry as the reason for high prices. "We thought it was kind of wacky how expensive glasses were," he says. "I lost my only pair of glasses while backpacking around Southeast Asia that had cost me $700. And I showed up at school without a pair of glasses … because it was hard for me to justify paying that much for a new pair."
Warby Parker is one of 10 finalists in USA TODAY's Entrepreneur of the Year contest. Profiles of the final contender will run this week, and a winner will be selected in December.
The enterprise — which started in 2010 when four graduates of the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania started selling glasses online from a Philadelphia apartment — has sold more than a million pairs. It  has given the same number to charity as part of its "Buy a Pair, Give a Pair" program that benefits sight-impaired people in developing nations.
Tech stocks: Luxottica shares up off Google Glass deal
This has been a particularly big year for the company. The bricks-and-mortar operation has rapidly expanded from four stores to nine across the USA, and two more will launch in the next few months.
Part of the growth comes outside New York City, where most of the company's 400-plus employees are located. In September, Warby Parker announced the opening of corporate offices in Nashville, aiming to create about 250 jobs over the next five years. The retail stores  operate coast to coast.
Another growth area: This year, the company  introduced glasses with progressive lenses, priced at $295. "That makes up about 50% of the market in the U.S. that we hadn't been addressing," says Gilboa. who runs the company with co-CEO and fellow Wharton graduate Neil Blumenthal. (The other founders are involved in their own ventures, though they remain on the Warby Parker board.)
Overall sales — Gilboa says the vast majority of revenue is generated online — are growing at warp speed, aided by the firm's "Home Try-On" service that sends potential customers five pairs of glasses to try out for free, return postage paid. The privately held company doesn't disclose revenue, but Gilboa says June's announcement of a million glasses given away is an accurate indicator of sales. In July 2013, that figure was 500,000.
Warby Parker, named after two Jack Kerouac characters, Warby Pepper and Zack Parker, has done it all based on a four-pronged strategy: low prices, stylish glasses, social responsibility and customer service.
Wendy Liebmann of WSL Strategic Retail, a New York City-based industry analyst and consultant, says  a key to success is that the firm has not been just a low-price competitor. "They discovered a problem, and they found a solution that wasn't the typical solution," Liebmann says, alluding to  the company's emphasis on style and customer service.
John Lennon inspires unique line of eyewear
She compares Warby Parker to Zappos, the online footwear retailer. "Nobody thought you could sell shoes without trying them on."
Zappos has certainly been an inspiration to Blumenthal and Gilboa, who mentions chats with Zappos CEO Tony Hsieh as key in focusing the company.
Gilboa's advice to new entrepreneurs: "Put customers first and … really focus on customer experience. We still to this day find that the majority of our customers learn about Warby Parker through word of mouth, through great experiences that other customers have had."
He  advises against skimping on essentials. "We outsourced all our technology from the get-go and quickly realized that it was a massive mistake. If you want to be the most innovative brand and company … that has to start with technology."
195 CONNECT 90 TWEET 62 LINKEDIN 11 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1rHqvvo
ENTREPRENEUR OF THE YEAR

Excise duty on petrol hiked by Rs 2.25 a litre  on diesel by Re 1Excise duty on petrol, diesel raised, no impact on prices
PTI
Tweet
NEW Delhi, Dec 2:  
The Government today raised the excise duty on petrol by Rs 2.25 per litre and by Re 1 a litre on diesel but retail pump rates will not be increased as oil firms decided to absorb the duty change for the time being.
The second excise duty hike in three weeks will help raise an additional Rs 4,000 crore in four months to March as the Government seeks to take advantage of a slump in world oil prices to shore up its revenues without stoking inflation.
Together with Rs 1.50 a litre excise duty hike effected on November 12, the Government will mop up about Rs 10,000 crore in the remainder of the current fiscal that will help contain the Budget deficit.
With Assembly elections underway in Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand and polls due in Delhi soon, the State-owned fuel retailers have decided to absorb the excise duty change.
“This (excise duty hike) is not being passed on to the consumers,” Indian Oil Corp (IOC) Chairman B Ashok told PTI.
“Since we had only yesterday revised petrol and diesel prices, we decided a change so soon is not warranted.”
The oil firms had cut petrol and diesel prices by 91 paisa a litre and 84 paisa per litre respectively to factor in a slump in international oil prices.
Asked if oil companies while revising rates yesterday had factored in a possible excise duty hike, he said the price cut was a true reflection of a fall in the international oil rate — from $93.23 per barrel in the first fortnight of November to $87.21 in the second half, and devaluation of rupee value — from Rs 61.46 to a US dollar to Rs 61.80.
“We are absorbing the excise duty increase for now. We are keeping track of the changing scenario and will take appropriate steps as the situation warrants at the next revision (due in mid-December),” Ashok said.
Excise duty on normal or unbranded petrol has been hiked from Rs 2.70 per litre to Rs 4.95 a litre and on unbranded diesel from Rs 2.96 a litre to Rs 3.96. The total incidence of excise on petrol after including special excise duty and road cess will be Rs 12.95 and that on diesel Rs 5.96 a litre.
Similarly, excise duty on branded petrol has been raised from Rs 3.85 a litre to Rs 6.10 and on branded diesel from Rs 5.25 to Rs 6.25.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

DoT plans to auction 3G spectrum in February: TraiCBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case
As the government plans to conduct 3G spectrum auction along with 2G radiowaves sale in February, it has asked telecom regulator Trai to expedite the base price recommendations for it.
“DoT requested Trai to expedite the process for its recommendations on the reserve price of 2100 Mhz band and related issues so that the auction of spectrum in this band could be conducted along with the auction of spectrum in the 800/900/1800 MHz bands scheduled in February 2015,” Trai said.
In the consultation paper today for valuation and reserve price of spectrum in 2100 MHz band, used for 3G services, the regulator has said that the Department of Telecom is in talks with the Defence Ministry for the vacation of the band and there are three possible scenarios under deliberation.
In case one, if no spectrum is released by the Defence, then auction can’t be conducted in this band. The second scenario is that it releases 5 MHz in 17 circles, in that case one block of 5 MHz spectrum will be available for auction in 17 circles.
The third scenario could be the Defence swapping 2100 MHz spectrum with 1900 MHz. In that case, in addition to 5 MHz spectrum in 17 circles, it may release 15 MHz on pan-India basis by swapping 2100 Mhz spectrum with 1900 Mhz.
Telecom companies as well as the regulator have been of the view that the auction should take place only when adequate spectrum is made available, and the bidding should be held simultaneously for both the services – 2G and 3G.
Defence had released 20 MHz out of 25 MHz in 2100 MHz band allocated to DoT under the agreement with Defence on a pan-India basis and one more block of 5 MHz in 5 circles, which was auctioned in 2010.
Under the agreement with DoT, the remaining spectrum is to be vacated only after the alternate communication network is completed.
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India said stakeholders can send their comments regarding 2100 Mhz band auction by December 15 and counter-comments by December 19.
Trai has earlier reiterated its recommendations for 900 and 1800 Mhz bands while it has increased the base price by 15 per cent for 800 MHz band.
The DoT had sent back Trai’s recommendations on 800, 900 and 1800 MHz bands for reconsidering some points.
The next round of spectrum auction is proposed to be held in February and the government is estimated to garner at least Rs 9,355 crore from sale of radiowaves.
As per estimates, auction of spectrum in 2100 Mhz band in February can fetch bids worth at least Rs 5,000 crore.
TAGS: 3G Spectrum TRAI
More from economy
Per capita annual income increases in national capital The per capita annual income in the national capital has increased to Rs 2.19 lakh in 2013-14 as campared to Rs 1.92 lakh in the previous fiscal.

Banks and police are advisingPhone scammers 'net £23.9m in a year'
Maureen and Peter Sinnott: Phone scammers stole £1,800 from us
The used cars with no previous owner
The amount of money lost to phone scammers has tripled in a year, prompting a major awareness campaign.
An estimated £23.9m has been tricked out of unsuspecting victims in the last year, up from £7m the previous year, according to Financial Fraud Action.
The group, which runs fraud prevention action for the financial services industry, said research suggested 58% of people had received suspect calls.
This was up from 41% in a similar study carried out last summer.
The main trick involves a con artist deceiving victims into believing they are calling from the police, a bank or a computer company.
They suggest that the individual has been the victim of fraud and ask for personal financial information - such as card details or a Pin code - to access their account.
Some ask victims to transfer money, to withdraw cash from a branch, or to hand over a bank card to a courier.
Advice to consumers includes:
Being wary of cold calling, especially if the caller suggests you call back
Banks and the police never ask for personal banking details, or request that individuals withdraw or transfer money
If suspicious of a call, hang up, wait five minutes or preferably use a different phone line to report the fraud
Adverts are appearing across the UK to warn people of these scams. All the major UK banks, building societies, card companies and chief police officers have also signed a declaration aiming to highlight the warning signs of phone scams.
More on This Story

OMC shares drop after excise duty hike on petrol and dieselOMC shares drop after excise duty hike on petrol and diesel
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 02, 2014 02:39 PM IST
Shares of all three listed state-owned oil marketing companies (OMC) witnessed selling pressure, falling nearly 3 per cent each on BSE after the government raised excise duty on petrol by Rs 2.25 a litre and on diesel by Re 1 a litre with immediate effect.
Bharat Petroleum Corporation dipped 3% to Rs 721, Hindustan Petroleum Corporation 2.8% to Rs 587 and Indian Oil Corporation 2.6% to Rs 351 on BSE at 1428 hours.
According to a Reuters report, the government on Tuesday raised factory gate duties on petrol by Rs 2.25 per litre and on diesel by Re 1 a litre with immediate effect, the finance ministry said in a statement to Parliament.

http://usat.ly/1vCtuEJFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Supersize your smartphone with these awesome accessories
You don't go anywhere without your smartphone – it's your one go-to gadget that helps keep you organized, productive, entertained and in touch with those who matter. Even though it's a Swiss Army Knife that
Post to Facebook
Supersize your smartphone with these awesome accessories You don't go anywhere without your smartphone – it's your one go-to gadget that helps keep you organized, productive, entertained and in touch with those who matter. Even though it's a Swiss Army Knife that Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1rHipCY
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Supersize your smartphone with these awesome accessories
Marc Saltzman, Special for USA TODAY 3:42 p.m. EST December 4, 2014
Let your phone have a seat while it charges with the Phoniture.
(Photo: Phoniture)
161 CONNECT 74 TWEET 20 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
You don't go anywhere without your smartphone — it's your one go-to gadget that helps keep you organized, entertained and in touch with those who matter.
Even though it's already like a smart, multi-functional Swiss Army Knife, you can get even more out of your beloved mobile device by picking up a clever accessory or two.
Oh sure, you're well aware of protective cases and designer headphones, but there are many other clever add-ons that can help expand the functionality of your phone (or tablet, for that matter).
Look no further than the following for a handful of worthy — and lesser-known — suggestions, which also make for ideal gifts over the holiday season.
• Have a seat
You enjoy taking a load off, so why shouldn't your smartphone? A quirky gift idea for a music lover is the aptly named Phoniture ($99.00), a colorful charging station and Bluetooth speaker set designed to look like an armchair with matching ottoman. Drop your smartphone into the seat (vertically or horizontally) and plug your charging cable into the USB port on the back; the chair is then plugged into an AC outlet to juice up your phone. The chair also illuminates a soft, white nightlight, which you can turn off, if desired. The ottoman — er, wireless speaker — has a rechargeable battery that lasts up to 3.5 hours, plus it includes an integrated microphone in case a call comes in, and a 3.5mm jack for non-Bluetooth devices. This two-piece Phoniture set is available in red, blue or black.
Motorola's Moto Hint is a discreet Bluetooth earpiece.
(Photo: Motorola)
• Tiny tech
Have you been reluctant to wear a Bluetooth headset because of the size of the device sticking out of your ear? If so, you might be keen on trying the Moto Hint ($149.99), a new Bluetooth headset that's only slightly larger than the device Joaquin Phoenix wore in the movie Her. Along with its teeny size (measuring just 0.95 by 0.70 by 0.74 inches), it'll also conveniently turn on when you pop it into your ear, so you can take calls hands-free, and it turns off when you take it out. Actually, you can keep the Moto Hint in your ear as it offers "pass-through audio," which means you can still hear the world around you. Compatible with any Bluetooth-enabled smartphone, the Moto Hint, between its main battery and an extra one integrated into the carrying case, offers up to 10 hours of use, and up to 100 hours on standby.
• You drive
While "Network Attached Storage" (NAS) might be one of the geekiest category names of hard-drive products, it does offer many clear benefits to digital packrats who like to download tons of TV shows, movies, podcasts, music, photos and more. The Seagate Central (from $149 for 2-terabytes) joins your home's network, and not only does it automatically backup your PC or Mac's files for you (and even download Facebook photos and videos), but it lets you share content to multiple devices in, around and even outside of your home — from laptops to phones to tablets and game consoles to Smart TVs.
The Microsoft Universal Mobile Keyboard  is a lightweight wireless keyboard that works with a number of devices, including iPhone and iPad, Android and Windows tablets.
(Photo: Microsoft)
• Button up
Are you getting thumb cramps while typing long e-mails or documents on a small smartphone or tablet screen? The Microsoft Universal Mobile Keyboard ($79.95) is a small, lightweight and wireless keyboard that works seamlessly with a number of mobile devices, including iPhone and iPad, Android and Windows tablets — and it can be paired with up to three devices with the flick of a switch. A detachable keyboard cover converts into a stand to prop up your phone or tablet, while the integrated rechargeable battery provides up to six months of usage on a single charge, says the company.
RAVPower Xtreme ($99.99) is a 23,000 milliamp (mAh) backup battery.
(Photo: RAVPower)
• Power play
Consider it the granddaddy of all portable battery chargers: RAVPower Xtreme ($99.99) is a 23,000 milliamp (mAh) backup battery, which has enough juice to charge an iPhone a dozen times, as well as tablets and even laptops multiple times over. In fact, you can charge three different devices at the same time. A small screen shows you information, such as when it's time to plug in the RAVPower Xtreme to top off its charge. Included with the paperback-sized battery are connectors for many different kinds of devices, along with a carrying case. Say goodbye to your "wall hugging" days.
LyveHome, a 3-in-1 product, is a cloud service for photos and videos, an app, and a 2-terabyte hard drive with a 5-inch screen.
(Photo: LyveHome)
• Just face it
Chances are you have photos and videos on multiple devices. Because your memories might not be stored in one place, it could prove difficult to find something in particular. This is where LyveHome comes in. This $299 gadget helps to aggregate, back up, manage and view your entire photo and video collections — and on any device. Consider LyveHome (rhymes with "hive") a 3-in-1 product: It's a cloud service for all your photos and videos; an app for your mobile devices and computers (PC and Mac); and a 2-terabyte hard drive with a 5-inch screen in which to see your memories displayed like a photo frame, say, on your office desk or kitchen counter.
Up to 24 Cookies can be connected to their Internet-connected Mother.
(Photo: Sense.se)
• Tasty IoT
Everyone loves cookies, right? Now they can help simplify life for everyone in the household. Wait, what? The first members of the Sen.se's "Mother" family , Cookies are small sensors you can place on any number of objects, such as one in your pocket that counts your steps (and calories burned), another in a child's backpack so you're notified when he or she gets home safely and a third in a baby's nursery to monitor room temperature. As with other "Internet of Things" (IoT) platforms, these small devices monitor activity and send notifications to your smartphone. Up to 24 Cookies can be connected simultaneously to their Internet-connected Mother — a small, white doll-like overseer of your connected life. A starter kit costs $299 for one Mother and a box of 4 Cookies.
Follow Marc on Twitter: @ marc_saltzman . E-mail him at techcomments@usatoday.com .

the vast majority of London buses have white roofsHere’s Why London’s Famous Red Buses Have White Roofs
By Alex Morales 2014-12-02T05:01:00Z
Photographer: Getty Images
London buses seen from atop of St. Paul's Cathedral in the City of London.
When Norman Foster ’s architecture firm designed new offices for PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP along London’s River Thames , they spent an extra 1.2 million pounds ($1.9 million) with an eye on climate change.
That wasn’t enough. Four years after moving in, PwC is paying 100,000 pounds for new barriers to protect against flooding below ground level.
“There’s a serious risk,” said Jon Barnes, head of building and technical services at PwC in London. The flood doors, which will be installed in the next few weeks, are for “critical plant areas so that if we do have a flood, we’re not destroying our transformers.”
With global climate-change talks in Lima , Peru , unlikely to make much progress in slowing rising temperatures, the incoming Republican majority in the U.S. Congress threatening to stymie action and cities such as New York and Jakarta gearing up multibillion-dollar defenses, Londoners are just getting on with it.
Each metal-plated and sealed door at PwC is among myriad steps by local officials and companies to counter the predicted effects of global warming in the U.K.: more heat, more intense rain and higher seas.
At least 167 cities and regions around the world -- from Copenhagen to Cape Town and from Boston to Melbourne -- are developing coping strategies, according to ICLEI-Local Governments for Sustainability, a Bonn-based association of more than 1,000 cities and towns.
Photographer: Simon Dawson/Bloomberg
The 'Barnes' Port of London Authority (PLA) harbour master's launch passes through an open section of the Thames Barrier, a flood defence system on the River Thames in London. Close
The 'Barnes' Port of London Authority (PLA) harbour master's launch passes through an... Read More
Close
Open
Photographer: Simon Dawson/Bloomberg
The 'Barnes' Port of London Authority (PLA) harbour master's launch passes through an open section of the Thames Barrier, a flood defence system on the River Thames in London.
‘Most Advanced’
London has “one of the most advanced climate-adaptation plans in the world,” said Kerry Constabile, who leads work on cities and regions for United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon’s climate-change team.
Kevin Reid, project manager for Mayor Boris Johnson ’s Drain London program, says he’s working with boroughs, schools and hospitals to make them aware of risks and preventive steps, even simple ones such as putting basement generators on platforms, raising door thresholds and stocking up on sandbags.
“No one’s sitting around with pots of money,” Reid said. “If they do need to do some more substantial work, they can then begin to plan those in their forward-looking capital investment programs.”
Johnson has limited direct power and so is working with local agencies and institutions, along with companies in the city, which contributes more than a fifth of the U.K. economy.
Transport Steps
Take Transport for London , which manages subways, buses and roads. Climate-proofing is built into its work, according to Helen Woolston, sustainability coordinator at TfL.
One example: a program to install white panels atop the capital’s trademark red buses to reflect the rays of the summer sun and keep the vehicles cooler. After 10 years, 98.5 percent of the fleet of 8,700 has white roofs.
With droughts predicted to become more frequent, the agency has begun installing tanks to collect rain at depots, said Woolston. That means trains will be washed even with water restrictions.
TfL also is looking at how to prevent torrential rain from bringing traffic to a standstill. From March, it will begin testing different road surfaces, including porous ones that can hold 26 percent of their volume as water, a bit like sponges.
Increased downpours are also a concern for Thames Water Ltd., which provides drinking water and manages sewage. The utility is working with Southwark Council in south London on a 4 million-pound project to prevent surface water from overwhelming sewers and flooding basements.
Storage Tanks
Storage tanks called swales are being installed under landscaped portions of Dulwich Park to collect torrential runoff and release it gradually into the sewers. The tanks are slated to be completed next month, according to Kyle Robins, an infrastructure manager at the company.
“A peak of a storm lasts for less than three hours,” said Robins. “If we can let the whole thing drain down in 24 hours, we’ve reduced the risk of flooding because the same volume of water reaches the sewer but at a much slower rate.”
Plants also can help absorb rainfall and moderate temperatures. Retailer John Lewis Partnership Plc last year replaced a raised cobbled area outside its corporate office near Victoria Station with a sunken garden that can absorb runoff from the road.
Under a 2 million-pound “Pocket Parks” program, the mayor is trying to mobilize local authorities and volunteers to create 100 green spaces on derelict land. He’s promoting plant-covered “green walls” and working to increase tree cover by 5 percent by 2025.
Tree Planting
“Planting trees has a multiplicity of benefits,” said Johnson’s environment adviser, Matthew Pencharz. “Trees help cool down the city and lower the urban heat-island effect. They improve the air quality . They attenuate floodwater.”
Then there’s the main defense: the Thames Barrier, which spans 520 meters (1,700 feet) across the river and has 10 steel gates that can be raised to keep the tides out. Completed in 1982, it was designed to withstand a 1-in-1,000-year flood.
“Last December, we had the biggest tidal surge since the 1953 floods,” Pencharz said in an interview in the downstairs cafe at City Hall , just downstream from the PwC building. “I’m sure it would have come over here -- it would have overtopped that embankment and come into our basement.”
With sea levels climbing, England ’s Environment Agency has a 100-year plan to maintain the barrier and other defenses. Using a base case that seas will rise by 90 centimeters (35 inches) this century, it says protection is sufficient until 2070, with a decision needed on new defenses in about 2050. That plan, which has a 1.5 billion-pound, 25-year initial phase, can be altered if the water rises faster.
“Climate change is absolutely at the heart of what we do,” said Simon Hughes , deputy director for London at the Environment Agency. “We’ve got in place continual monitoring of key metrics of climate change to make sure we’re not sleepwalking into danger.”
To contact the reporter on this story: Alex Morales in London at amorales2@bloomberg.net
To contact the editors responsible for this story: Reed Landberg at landberg@bloomberg.net James Hertling
Press spacebar to pause and continue. Press esc to stop.

Defence Shares Surge on Foreign Investment NotificationYou are here: Home Market
Defence Shares Surge on Foreign Investment Notification
Reuters | Updated On: December 02, 2014 15:14 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Shares in defence companies such as Bharat Electronics and Astra Micro Wave Products gained over 5.5 per cent on Tuesday.
Pipavav Defence and Offshore Engineering Co was up 0.7 per cent, while Centum Electronics rose 1.4 per cent.
Foreign direct investment (FDI) limit in defence at 49 per cent and that of foreign portfolios at 24 per cent were notified, analysts said.
As of 2:54 p.m., shares in Bharat Electronics were trading at Rs 2511.00 apiece on the BSE, up 9.02 per cent from the previous close. Astra Micro shares were trading 7.91 per cent higher at Rs 121.45.
Company

Excise duty on petrol  diesel raised; to have no impact on retail prices | Stks crackYou are here: Home > Collections
Excise duty on petrol, diesel raised; to have no impact on retail prices
ET Bureau Dec 3, 2014, 01.14AM IST
Tags:
Crude oil
(Consumers have already…)
NEW DELHI: The government has raised the excise duty on petrol byRs 2.25 per litre and diesel by Rs 1 per litre without raising retail prices, the second such move in three weeks that will split the benefit of the steep fall in crude oil prices between consumers and the exchequer.
Consumers have already gained with a 11% fall in petrol prices and 8% cut in diesel in recent months as crude oil entered a bear market and plunged about 37% since June.
For the government, it means additional revenue of Rs 10,000 crore in the current fiscal year, which will help meet India's fiscal deficit target of 4.1% of gross domestic product. This includes Rs 4,000 crore from Tuesday's tax increase and balance from higher tax of Rs 1.50 per litre on both the fuels announced last month.
The steep fall in oil prices is a blessing for the Narendra Modi government as analysts say that meeting the country's fiscal deficit target would be a challenge because it had touched 89.6% of fullyear estimate in only seven months of the fiscal.
The government's finances have been stretched because of subdued tax revenue and delayed disinvestment. Tax revenue was only 37.7% of the budget target at the end of last month because of weak indirect tax collections.
The government could raise excise duties on transport fuel without raising prices because petrol and diesel were being sold at a price higher than the market rate despite the December 1 decision to slash pump prices of petrol by 91 paise a litre and diesel by 84 paise per litre.
Pump dealers said retail price reductions were not commensurate with falling international crude oil prices despite seven consecutive price cut in petrol since August and three in diesel rates.
Although global crude oil prices fell by about 40% since June this year, but refiners have slashed market-priced LPG rates by 17%, aviation turbine fuel (ATF) 14%, petrol by 11% and diesel by 8%, dealers said.
Brent crude fell to $72 per barrel from $115 in June this year. Oil industry executives say that the international price of refined products often takes time to adjust to the fall in crude oil prices.
A senior industry executive said state oil companies are taking hit and not raising petrol and diesel prices despite the excise duty hike.
Falling international oil prices have also helped the government in substantially reducing state oil firms' estimated revenue losses to about Rs 80,000 crore in the current financial year compared to Rs 1,39,869 crore actually incurred in 2013-14 for selling diesel, kerosene and cooking gas below market rate.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The undercover economistTim Harford The Undercover Economist
Learn from the losers
Kickended is important. It reminds us that the world is biased in systematic ways
Can there be an easier way to raise some cash than through Kickstarter? The crowdfunding website enjoyed a breakthrough moment in 2012 when the Pebble, an early smartwatch, raised over $10m. But then a few months ago, a mere picnic cooler raised an extraordinary $13m. Admittedly, the Coolest cooler is the Swiss army knife of cool boxes. It has a built-in USB charger, cocktail blender and loudspeakers. The thundering herd of financial backers for this project made it the biggest Kickstarter campaign to date, as well as being a sure sign that end times are upon us.
And who could forget this summer’s Kickstarter appeal from a fellow by the name of Zack “Danger” Brown? Brown turned to Kickstarter for $10 to make some potato salad; and he raised $55,492 in what must be one of history’s most lucrative expressions of hipster irony.
I’m sure I’m not the only person to ponder launching an exciting project on Kickstarter before settling back to count the money. Dean Augustin may have had the same idea back in 2011; he sought $12,000 to produce a documentary about John F Kennedy. Jonathan Reiter’s “BizzFit” looked to raise $35,000 to create an algorithmic matching service for employers and employees. This October, two brothers in Syracuse, New York, launched a Kickstarter campaign in the hope of being paid $400 to film themselves terrifying their neighbours at Halloween. These disparate campaigns have one thing in common: they received not a single penny of support. Not one of these people was able to persuade friends, colleagues or even their parents to kick in so much as a cent.
My inspiration for these tales of Kickstarter failure is Silvio Lorusso, an artist and designer based in Venice. Lorusso’s website, Kickended, searches Kickstarter for all the projects that have received absolutely no funding. (There are plenty: about 10 per cent of Kickstarter projects go nowhere at all, and only 40 per cent raise enough money to hit their funding targets.)
Kickended performs an important service. It reminds us that what we see around us is not representative of the world; it is biased in systematic ways. Normally, when we talk of bias we think of a conscious ideological slant. But many biases are simple and unconscious. I have never read a media report or blog post about a typical, representative Kickstarter campaign – but I heard a lot about the Pebble watch, the Coolest cooler and potato salad. If I didn’t know better, I might form unrealistic expectations about what running a Kickstarter campaign might achieve.
This isn’t just about Kickstarter. Such bias is everywhere. Most of the books people read are bestsellers – but most books are not bestsellers. And most book projects do not become books at all. There’s a similar story to tell about music, films and business ventures in general.
Academic papers are more likely to be published if they find new, interesting and positive results. If an individual researcher retained only the striking data points, we would call it fraud. But when an academic community as a whole retains only the striking results, we call it “publication bias” and we have tremendous difficulty in preventing it. Its impact on our understanding of the truth may be no less serious.
Now let’s think about the fact that the average London bus has only 17 people riding on it. How could that possibly be? Whenever I get on a bus, it’s packed. But consider a bus that runs into London with 68 people at rush hour, then makes three journeys empty. Every single passenger has witnessed a crammed bus, but the average occupancy was 17. Nobody has ever been a passenger on a bus with no passengers but such buses exist. Most people ride the trains when they are full and go to the shops when they are busy. A restaurant may seem popular to its typical customers because it is buzzing when they are there; to the owners and staff, things may look very different.
. . .
In 1943, the American statistician Abraham Wald was asked to advise the US air force on how to reinforce their planes. Only a limited weight of armour plating was feasible, and the proposal on the table was to reinforce the wings, the centre of the fuselage, and the tail. Why? Because bombers were returning from missions riddled with bullet holes in those areas.
Wald explained that this would be a mistake. What the air force had discovered was that when planes were hit in the wings, tail or central fuselage, they made it home. Where, asked Wald, were the planes that had been hit in other areas? They never returned. Wald suggested reinforcing the planes wherever the surviving planes had been unscathed instead.
It’s natural to look at life’s winners – often they become winners in the first place because they’re interesting to look at. That’s why Kickended gives us an important lesson. If we don’t look at life’s losers too, we may end up putting our time, money, attention or even armour plating in entirely the wrong place.
Written for and first published at ft.com .
Share this:

New York Times feature reveals.new york times feature reveals.
Is MONDELEZ looking goodIs MONDELEZ looking good
Gold makes  biggest  single-day gain |  No rate cut by Feb a mistakebullion
(After losing Rs 730…)
NEW DELHI: Posting this year's biggest single-day rise of Rs 840, gold today regained the Rs 27,000 per ten gram level after a gap of over one month in the national capital, tracking rebounds in global markets.
In addition, pick-up in domestic demand from jewellers and retailers for the wedding season also buoyed sentiment.
After losing Rs 730 in last six sessions after the RBI eased imports curbs by scrapping 80:20 scheme, gold staged a strong comeback by rising Rs 840 to close at Rs 27,040 per ten grams, a level last seen on October 30.
Silver also recorded a significant gain of Rs 2,700 to Rs 37,000 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Sentiment bolstered after gold surged by 3.69 per cent, its biggest gain since September 19, to USD 1,218.10 an ounce in New York yesterday, as rebound in crude price revived demand for the precious metal as stores of value, bullion traders said.
Globally, silver also surged 7.3 per cent to USD 16.69 an ounce yesterday, the highest gain since September 2013.
Besides, rising domestic demand from jewellers and retailers for the ongoing wedding season too influenced precious metal prices, they said.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity zoomed up by Rs 840 each to Rs 27,040 and Rs 26,840 per ten grams respectively.
Sovereign moved up by Rs 100 to Rs 23,700 per piece of eight gram.
Following gold, silver ready spurted by Rs 2,700 to Rs 37,000 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 2,420 to Rs 36,340 per kg.
Silver coins recovered sharply by Rs 3,000 to Rs 61,000 for buying and Rs 62,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
FEATURED ARTICLES

17 firms probed for corporate frauds this fi...Arun Jaitley
(With this, a total of 81 companies…)
NEW DELHI: As many as 17 firms have been probed by the government's investigation arm SFIO for corporate frauds in the current fiscal so far.
With this, a total of 81 companies have been probed for corporate frauds by the Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO) since 2011-12.
SFIO investigated 20 companies in 2011-12 and 22 firms each in 2012-13 and 2013-14 for alleged corporate frauds, Corporate Affairs Minister Arun Jaitley said in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha today.
The government "has taken a number of measures to curb and prevent corporate frauds" like making fraud a substantive offence and providing statutory status to SFIO, under the new companies law, the minister said.
Stricter norms of corporate governance under the Companies Act 2013 as well as increasing application of technology for early detection of frauds through data analysis surveillance and usage of forensic tool are among the other steps taken by the government to prevent fraud by companies, Jaitley said.
To a separate query related to the Institute of Corporate Affairs (IICA), the minister said that the institute had been allocated Rs 110 crore in the 12th Five Year Plan (2012-17), while it had been given Rs 211 crore under the 11th year plan.
Further, Jaitley said "since its establishment as a society in September, 2008, the institute has taken many steps to fulfil its mandate".
"The institute has emerged as an important institute for conducting various courses, seminars, workshops etc on issues of relevance to the corporate sector such as corporate social responsibility, corporate governance, role of company directors, independent directors, competition issues etc," the minister said, among other things.
"Officials and other stakeholders, both in private as well as public sector, banks investors etc have benefited from these programmes," he added.
The minister also said that IICA had signed 4 memorandums of understanding (MoUs) with foreign institutions like George Washington University Law school USA. It has also entered into 27 MoUs with reputed domestic institutions.
"The MoUs are meant to furthering the aims and objectives of the IICA to achieve its role as holistic think-tank, capacity building, service delivery and training institute by deriving advantages of synergies from partner institutions," Jaitley said.
IICA had been established as think-tank, action research, capacity building institute to serve as a platform for value-adding partnerships between the government, the corporate entities and other stakeholders.
FEATURED ARTICLES

No justice for Odisha teacher killed for protesting boss advancesMore than a year after she was killed, justice still eludes Itishree Pradhan, a contractual teacher who used to work in a primary school in Tikiri in Rayagada district of Odisha.
Itishree Pradhan was a contractual teacher in a primary school in Rayagada district. (HT Photo)
Reason: Twenty-nine-year-old Pradhan was a temporary state government employee with no one to support her, while her tormentors had access to ‘high places’ in Tikiri, a remote tribal area where the local police and the top ruling party men are the face of the government.
It took Pradhan’s dying statements to force the administration to take some steps. Even now, there are moves and countermoves to suppress Pradhan’s death mystery.
A law graduate, Sudipta Lenka moved the Supreme Court in November last year, demanding a CBI inquiry into the incident. The top court ordered the state government to initiate an inquiry by a senior official. Meanwhile, the trial of her case has begun in a lower court.
Pradhan’s agony began in 2011, when she arrived in Tikiri – about 600 km from her home in Puri district – and continued till she was murdered on October 27, 2013, when an unidentified person entered her room in the school hostel and set her ablaze.
Pradhan, who used to earn Rs. 4,000 a month to support a family of aged parents and an unemployed brother, died six days later in a hospital in Vishakhapatnam.
Sources in Tikiri made it clear that there was no immediate provocation for the murder, but Pradhan had long been a target of a locally powerful gang for denying sexual favours to one of their own – Netrananda Dandasena, a sub-inspector of schools.
Sources said Dandasena offered to help her when Pradhan initially found it difficult to get an accommodation. But after he allegedly misbehaved with her, she stayed away from him. Pradhan started living at the hostel with the approval of the school headmaster, Chandrashekhar Panda.
But Dandasena allegedly kept harassing Pradhan and pressure her through district officials to vacate the hostel room. Even, Panda alleged that then BJD MP Jayaram Pangi had made threatening calls to him because he allowed Pradhan to live in the hostel. 
On July 18, 2013, Pradhan lodged a sexual harassment complaint against Dandasena with the Tikiri police station. But she had been pushed relentlessly to withdraw the complaint. During the next three months, she approached virtually everybody – from the district collector to even the CM. But nothing happened.
Finally, when her dying statements before magistrates in the Rayagada and Vishakhapatnam hospitals came out – saying she was attacked because she had refused to withdraw her complaint against Dandasena – the administration had to sit up and take note.
Dandasena was arrested, two officials of the Tikiri police station were dismissed and a few government officials suspended. But the assailant, who set her on fire, is still at large.  
Pradhan even identified Pangi as Dandasena’s main backer. But Pangi said, “I never interfered in the case nor did I back Dandasena”, although several police officials in Tikiri now allege that Pangi had called them, asking them not to touch Dandasena.
Rayagada-based social activist Bidulata Huika said, “The investigation did not go beyond arresting Dandasena”, while local sources said the political clout of Dandasena, who rose from the position of a primary school teacher, stemmed from his closeness to Pangi.
The state government inquiry by IAS officer Rajesh Verma said on October 27, 2014 that Dandasena was given a promotion on October 15, 2013 when he was officially declared an absconder.

Kenya: Suspected Shebab rebels massacre 36print
Gunmen have massacred 36 people in northeast Kenya in the latest attack by suspected militants from Somalia's Al-Qaeda-affiliated Shebab rebels in the troubled region, officials said Tuesday.
A group of gunmen attacked a quarry near the town of Mandera in the early hours of Tuesday morning. After spraying tents where the quarry workers slept with gunfire, the militants then weeded out non-Muslims and shot them in the head. Some of the victims were also beheaded, police sources and reports said.
The attack comes just over a week after the Shebab claimed responsibility for the execution of 28 people who were grabbed from a bus travelling from Mandera, a border town located on the frontier between Kenya, Somalia and Ethiopia.
In a separate attack late Monday in the town of Wajir, also in the northeast and close to the dangerous border with war-torn Somalia, one person was killed and 12 wounded when gunmen hurled grenades and fired into a bar.
"We have lost 36 people, but there are others missing," said a local police official Mandera, who asked not to be named. "We don't know whether they were taken by the attackers."
Police spokesman Zipporah Mboroki confirmed the attacks but said the force would provide an exact toll of those killed later. Media reports said most of the victims were laid out on the ground and shot in the head, a style of killing used in the recent attack on bus passengers.
Bodies of victims lie at a quarry in Mandera County, Kenya. (AP Photo)
Kenya has suffered a series of attacks since invading Somalia in 2011 to attack the Shebab, and its troops are still in Somalia as part of an African Union force battling the Islamists.
Media reports from Somalia said the Shebab's radio station has hailed the killing of "crusaders", although there has not yet been formal claim of responsibility from the militants.
The group said it carried out the recent attack against the bus passengers in retaliation for Kenyan police raids against suspected radical mosques in Kenya's port city of Mombasa, the scene of mounting religious tensions.
 
National security worries Kenyans
 
Professionals working in the largely Muslim and ethnic Somali northeastern regions often come from further south in Kenya, where Christians make up about 80 percent of the population. Those working in the quarry attacked on Tuesday were also reported to have been from outside the region.
Several key unions including for civil servants have warned their members to leave the restive northeast until the government can ensure their safety.
On Sunday the Nation newspaper reported that Kenya's embattled interior minister and police chief may soon be sacked over "repeated lapses" in security.
The newspaper said key advisors to President Uhuru Kenyatta were pushing for Interior Cabinet Secretary Joseph Ole Lenku and Inspector-General of Police David Kimaiyo to go, due to dwindling public confidence in the country's security apparatus.
It said intelligence officials had alerted police to the presence of a group of Shebab attackers in the northeast before the bus attack, and added that survivors had said that police "took two hours to respond to distress calls" after the murders had taken place -- leaving the attackers plenty of time to escape.
Both officials have been under fire since last year's attack by the Shebab against the Westgate shopping mall in Nairobi, in which at least 67 people were killed in a siege involving just four gunmen and which lasted four days.
Worries over internal security mounted when Shebab rebels massacred 100 people in a string of Shebab raids against villages in the Lamu region on the Kenyan coast in June and July.
Shebab leader Ahmed Abdi Godane was killed in a US air strike in September. The group has since named Ahmad Umar, also known as Abu Ubaidah, as its new head.

Portugal s national airline    
Student fares
On some routes, TAP offers special fares for student passengers. These fares have to be booked at least 72 hours in advance and apply to:
• Students in Azores living in Portugal mainland or Madeira (flights from/to Funchal);
• Students in Portugal mainland, living in Azores;
• Students in Madeira (flights from/to Funchal) living in Azores.
For more information, please check here the student fares conditions.
    
Attention:
To travellers to, from and within the U.S.A.
Visa exempt passengers intending to travel to the United States of America will have to apply for an electronic travel authorization in advance via the Electronic System for Travel Application. Click here to know more.
In compliance with requirements of the U.S. Government, TAP, allows U.S. Customs and Border Protection to access certain travel and reservation data (referred to as "Passenger Name Record" or "PNR") of passengers flying to, from or through the U.S.
These data are used primarily for preventing and combating terrorism and other serious criminal offences. Further information can be obtained on this site or upon request to TAP.
We also inform that passengers on flights to the U.S.A. are not permitted to carry cigarette lighters in their hand luggage aswell as in their hold luggage and on one.
    
Attention:
To travellers to, from and within the U.S.A.
Visa exempt passengers intending to travel to the United States of America will have to apply for an electronic travel authorization in advance via the Electronic System for Travel Application. Click here to know more.
In compliance with requirements of the U.S. Government, TAP, allows U.S. Customs and Border Protection to access certain travel and reservation data (referred to as "Passenger Name Record" or "PNR") of passengers flying to, from or through the U.S.
These data are used primarily for preventing and combating terrorism and other serious criminal offences. Further information can be obtained on this site or upon request to TAP.
We also inform that passengers on flights to the U.S.A. are not permitted to carry cigarette lighters in their hand luggage aswell as in their hold luggage and on one.
       
Each adult can travel with 4 children or each adult can travel with one child and one infant.
       
Only 9 passengers are allowed for an online booking. Infants are not considered in the total.
Hotel

Graft probes overshadow Portugal pollCorruption inquiries loom large over Portugal general election
Peter Wise in Lisbon
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c5b38030-7976-11e4-9e81-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Disinvestment in PSBs in phased manner under considerationFM Arun Jaitley says govt considering stake sale in PSBs in phased manner
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 18:23 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
With an aim to help public sector banks raise capital, the government is considering to reduce its stake up to 52 per cent in a phased manner in these banks, Finance Minister Arun Jaitely said on Tuesday.
"A proposal for allowing public sector banks (PSBs) to raise capital from public market by diluting Government of India holding up to 52 per cent in phased manner is under consideration," Jaitley said in written reply in the Rajya Sabha.
The reduction of government share in equity capital of PSBs to 52 per cent will enable mobilisation of Rs 89,120 crore approx on the basis of current market price on November 21".
There are about two dozen state-owned banks and government holding in them ranges from 56.26 per cent to 88.63 per cent.
The government has infused around Rs 58,600 crore in these PSU banks since 2011.
PSBs require equity capital of Rs 2.4 lakh crore by 2018 to meet Basel III norms. For the current fiscal, the government has allocated Rs 11,200 crore for bank capitalisation.
As per the existing law, government holding in PSBs cannot fall below 51 per cent.
Replying to another question, Minister of State for Finance Jayant Sinha said that the total amount of Gross Non Performing Assets (NPAs) stood at over Rs 1.64 lakh crore for nationalised banks and over Rs 2.43 lakh crore for public sector banks in September-end 2014.
Sinha further said amount of top 30 NPAs is Rs 87,368 crore, 35.9 per cent of total Gross NPAs of PSBs.

24 naval submarines mishaps since 2011: GovtDefence Minister
(While Boards of Inquiry have…)
NEW DELHI: There have been 24 mishaps involving Indian naval submarines since 2011, claiming the lives of 22 personnel besides four others going missing, Rajya Sabha was informed today.
While Boards of Inquiry (BoIs) have been instituted in all these cases, the findings of the completed BoIs indicate "human error and technical issues as the reasons behind the mishaps", Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar said in reply to a written question.
While three accidents each occured in 2011 and 2012, seven happened in 2013 and 11 till November 6, this year. The accidents in 2013 included the one involving INS Sindhurakshak in which 18 personnel were killed.
In the latest incident in which TRV-72 (torpedo recovery vehicle) sank off Visakhapatnam on November six, one naval personnel lost his life while four others "still remain missing", Parrikar said, adding six others on board were safely rescued.
To a question on crashes of defence aircraft, he said a total of 24 defence planes have crashed from 2012-13 till November 26, this year.
As many as 32 defence personnel lost their lives in these incidents, while seven others were injured.
The loss to the government in terms of the value of aircraft and service property in respect of 12 of these aircraft, where assessment has been completed, is estimated at Rs 536.98 crore, the Minister said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Opposition demands Niranjan Jyoti s ouster for hate speech  minister offers apologyComments
Minister of state for food processing industries Niranjan Jyoti Tuesday tendered an apology in Parliament for using abusive language at an election campaign in Delhi but failed to douse the opposition fire even as the Bharatiya Janata Party Tuesday said the issue should not be stretched.
Minister of state for food processing industries Niranjan Jyoti used expletives while campaigning for the BJP in Delhi. (HT File Photo)
On Monday, Jyoti had said people of Delhi must decide if they wanted a government of Ramzaadon (followers of Ram) or a government of those who are illegitimate.
Union minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said in Rajya Sabha the government did not support Jyoti's remark, but he also asked the Opposition to "maintain decorum."
Naqvi said those in the government and the opposition should use dignified language and in the past UPA ministers too had crossed the line many times.
As Rajya Sabha session was adjourned for a third time, finance minister Arun Jaitley said Jyoti's comments were "improper and unacceptable".
He said since the minister had apologised and withdrawn her statement, "what happens outside isn't within domain of this House".
But BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra seemed to be defending her by saying it was a "slip of tongue" and the issue should not be politicised.
The saffron party also hit out at Congress, saying several of its leaders too have made objectionable remarks in the past.
"But have they ever been asked to resign? When did Congress sack them from the party? And they are called experienced leaders while Sadhvi Niranjan has become MP for the first time," UP BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpai said.
According to reports, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has asked party MPs to abstain from addressing the nation and also condemned the comments made by Jyoti.
Modi asked the MPs to avoid making uncalled for statements at the parliamentary board meeting held ahead of Parliament session on Tuesday.
Opposition demands resignation
The issue rocked both the Houses as agitated opposition MPs disrupted proceedings, seeking an explanation from the Prime Minister and demanding an apology from Jyoti, who joined the Narendra Modi's cabinet early last month.
The remarks drew the ire of Opposition which protested in Parliament following which Jyoti expressed "deep regret" and apologised for her actions saying she did not intend to hurt anyone's feelings.
"My intention was not to hurt anyone. If my speech outside the House has hurt anyone, I express my deep regrets," Jyoti said in Lok Sabha.
She said if certain words spoken by her outside the House have hurt someone, she is ready to take back her words and offer regrets. She also said she is ready to seek an apology.
The Opposition, however, refused to accept her apology and said she must resign or should be removed from her post.
Drama in House
As soon as Lok Sabha met for the day, Mallikarjun Kharge, leader of the Congress, took up the issue with Speaker Sumitra Mahajan.
Kharge said the "objectionable" language used by Jyoti had created tension at a time when there had been quite a few communal riots.
Several Congress and Trinamool Congress members, too, rushed to the Well, shouting slogans.
Both Houses saw brief adjournments over the protests, even as Mahajan cautioned all members to be mindful of their speech.
"The Prime Minister should give an explanation," Congress leader Anand Sharma said.
Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) supremo Mayawati said the minister's remarks were against the secular ethos espoused by the Constitution and do not behold a person occupying a constitutional post.
The BJP should sack her, she said.
Mayawati and CPI(M) MP Sitaram Yechury demanded that an FIR be filed against Jyoti.
The Congress alleged that Jyoti had insulted the people of Delhi and she should issue an apology while the Aam Aadmi Party said it was the BJP's real face.
"The divisive thinking and divisive politics of the BJP has been exposed," Congress leader Ambika Soni said.
Manish Sisodia of Aam Aadmi Party said, "This is the real character of BJP. Their language shows what kind of work they are doing at the Centre and what kind of work they will do for Delhi."
Members of Congress, TMC, SP and other opposition parties rushed to the Well during the uproar over her remarks leading to four adjournments in Rajya Sabha and one in Lok Sabha during pre-lunch sitting.
Later, outside Parliament, the minister was asked about demands for her resignation.
"I have apologised and I have nothing else to say," she replied.
Following the controversy, Jyoti said, "I did not take name of any particular individual, community or party. I was talking about separatist parties and leaders who think of dividing the country..."
She later clarified her statement was for those who didn't believe in Ram and unified India, adding her remarks must not be given any communal overtone.
"Those who have sold the country, made it bankrupt, people will not voter for such people. Is it a crime to talk about Ram? How can talking about Ram be communal?"
"Muslims offer namaz in mosques, we do no object. Christians pray in churches, we do not object. Then talking about Ram should not be termed as communal. And those who call me communal, I would say what could be more communal than this."
"Do you want a government of people who believe in Ram, a government that believes in people. And i would like to say one more thing, be it Hindu or a Christian in the country, he is an offspring of Ram. And those who refuse to believe this, will never believe in this country also," she said.
Jyoti is credited with helping the ruling BJP make inroads among the Dalit and backward classes in the politically crucial state of Uttar Pradesh.
She is among the six BJP MPs drafted into the party's campaign for the Delhi polls due early next year.
( With PTI inputs)

Internet users in India should guard against spam mails: studyIndia ranked 6th largest source of world’s spam
Adith Charlie
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 2:  
India may no longer be the world’s top sender of unwanted emails, but it still has the dubious distinction of being the sixth largest source of spam globally, a new study by Kaspersky Lab indicates.
Two topics
Apple’s iPhone 6 launch along with the Ice Bucket Challenge initiative were two main topics used by spammers to promote junk mailings in the quarter ended September 30.
“Spammers are becoming more intelligent in masking their messages under the garb of offering something genuine to the recipients – be it offering iPhone 6 or offerings to conduct marketing campaign that will develop business and attract new clients. Internet users in India should start taking their digital security seriously,” Altaf Halde, Managing Director, Kaspersky Lab – South Asia said in a press statement.
Industry watchers believe that lax cyber laws encourage spammers to route operations through India.
In January, February and March of 2012, Kaspersky had found India to be the top spam producer.
Top 3 nations
The US (14 per cent), Russia (6.1 per cent) and Vietnam (6 per cent) were the three biggest sources of spam in the quarter gone by, it said.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Rupee gains 14 paise to end at 61.88 against US dollarStory
Forex Update: Rupee gains 14 paise to end at 61.88 against US dollar after RBI policy review
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 18:13 IST
Photo: Reuters
The rupee on Tuesday gained 14 paise to close at 61.88 against the Greenback on increased selling of the US dollar by exporters and banks even as stock markets fell.
Selling of the American unit by exporters and some banks for the second day in a row amid sustained capital inflows supported the rupee even as the US dollar gained in global markets, forex dealers said.
"Rupee appreciated by almost quarter per cent taking cues from the positive comments given by the RBI during the announcement of credit policy," Pramit Brahmbhatt, the CEO of Veracity Group, said.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kept its key policy rates unchanged in its fifth bi-monthly monetary policy review and made dovish comments regarding rate cut as early as March 2015 if disinflationary process set in.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the rupee commenced better at 61.99 against the US currency from its previous close of 62.02 and immediately touched a low of 62.02 on weak local equities amid a firm dollar overseas.
Later, the domestic unit bounced back on dollar selling by exporters and some banks to a high of 61.87 before concluding at 61.88, logging a net rise of 14 paise (or 0.23 per cent).
Meanwhile, the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex plunged further by 115.61 points while FPIs/FIIs picked up shares worth US $64.04 million on Monday.

Real estate sector disappointed with RBI s decisionReal estate sector disappointed with RBI's decision to keep rates unchanged
IANS     Chennai   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 18:00 IST
Photo: Reuters
The Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India (CREDAI) on Tuesday expressed its disappointment at the central bank's decision to maintain status quo on key rates at a time when inflation is under control.
In a statement, CREDAI said it advocated a reduction in interest rates to facilitate lowering of entry barriers and spur demand for the real estate sector and free home loan interest rates from inflation expectations.
"The RBI's (Reserve Bank of India) decision to keep the key rates unchanged will not help the real estate sector development. Presently the overall inflation is under control as expected by the RBI , the crude oil prices are also low, the overall business requires an upward momentum," CREDAI president C.Shekar Reddy, president was quoted as saying in the statement.
According to him, a reduction in policy rates at this juncture would have a significant impact in boosting the industry and facilitating growth.
"The RBI's status quo stance was largely expected by the industry, despite GDP (gross domestic product) growth slumping to 5.3 per cent in the September quarter. To meet its long-term target of reining in inflation, the central bank has exercised caution on paring interest rates," Anshuman Magazine, chairman and managing director, CBRE South Asia said in a statement.
As for the real estate industry , the move may be seen as a lost opportunity as a rate cut at this juncture could have been the trigger for housing sales, Magazine said.

Lava launches Iris Win1 Windows Phone 8.1 smartphone at Rs4 999By: Tech Desk | New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 5:55 pm | Updated: December 3, 2014 5:05 pm
A day after Celkon launched the cheapest smartphone running Windows Phone 8.1, Lava launched its Iris Win1 at a price of Rs 4,999. The Lava Iris Win1 will be available exclusively at Flipkart starting December 4.
The Lava Iris Win1 sports a 4-inch WVGA display and runs on a 1.2Ghz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon CPU and 1GB RAM. It comes with 8GB of internal storage that is expandable to 32GB.
The smartphone comes with a 5MP Auto Focus BSI+ sensor back camera with LED flash and 0.3 MP front camera and runs on Windows Phone 8.1 operating system. On the connectivity front, it supports dual SIM (3G+2G), Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS, USB connectivity and is powered by a 1950 mAh Li-Ion battery.
This device comes with a Flip Cover and screen guard inside the box along with other standard accessories like charger, earphone and USB cable.
Specs:
1.2Ghz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon CPU
Windows Phone 8.1 OS
8GB of internal storage that is expandable to 32GB
5MP AF rear camera and 0.3MP front camera
1950 mAh Li-Ion battery

Mamata Banerjee s WB suffers Rs 13600 cr annual post-harvest farm lossBy: Press Trust of India | Kolkata |
Posted: December 2, 2014 5:05 pm
The post-harvest fruits and vegetable losses are valued at over Rs 13,600 crore annually for West Bengal, according to a study condicted by a UK based engineers institution.
“West Bengal faces a shortfall of 12 lakh metric tonnes of cold storage capacity. The post-harvest fruits and vegetable losses are worth over Rs 13,600 crore annually,” Head of Energy and Environment of Institution of Mechanical Engineers (IME) Tim Fox said.
IME had recently conducted a study, “A Tank of Cold: Cleantech Leapfrog to a more food secure world” on farm losses in the country and trying to sentitise cost-effective technologies in cold chain, the most crucial element in stemming farm losses.
In 2013, West Bengal was India’s leading horticulture producing state with over 27,000 tonne of fruits and vegetables accounting for over 10 per cent share of India but the state has only 5.682 million tonnes of functioning cold storage capacity out of national capacity of 30.11 million tonne, the study said.
The institution forecast India’s investment in cold chain to be USD 15 billion over the next five years.
The study highlights that India is the world’s largest producer of milk, and second only to China in fruit and vegetables. Yet agriculture, which makes up 53% of the workforce, generates just 15 per cent of GDP.
The study also points that lack of proper handling and an inadequate cold and frozen supply chain or ‘cold chain’ leads to losses of perishable food produce, such as fruit and vegetables, of as much as 50 per cent every year in India.

China hopes Silk Road fund can be leveraged ...China hopes Silk Road fund can be leveraged by private capital
PTI Dec 2, 2014, 06.07PM IST
Tags:
Beijing
(China hopes that its Silk…)
BEIJING: China hopes that its Silk Road initiative worth $40 billion aimed at building Asian infrastructure can be further leveraged with private investment to the tune of $8 trillion.
"Chinese President Xi Jinping has pledged $40 billion last month to finance his pet projects 'One Belt and One Road' referring to the Silk Road economic belt and the 21st century Maritime Silk Road . The fund serves as a driving force for China and the construction of basic infrastructure is vital in the strategy," an article in state run Global Times said.
"This long-term project needs cooperative financing provided by the government and different commercial institutions such as banks. It is predicted that across the Asia-Pacific region, around $8 trillion will be committed to infrastructure projects over the next decade," it said.
Through innovative financing such as bonds, concepts stock and public placement, the $40 billion of Silk Road Fund can be leveraged into a much greater amount, the article said.
"Under such circumstances, it is necessary to get private capital involved, making it the highlight of this Chinese initiative," it said.
Through this fund, China's excess capacity and private capital can go overseas, paving the way for the country's development strategy of moving beyond its own borders, read the article.
China hopes that the Silk Road fund coupled with $50 billion of Asia Infrastructure and BRICS Bank would be a catalyst for its Silk Road initiative which connects the nation with Europe through a maze of routes from Central and South Asia.
FEATURED ARTICLES

JSW Steel says shelves $5.7 bn eastern India...JSW Steel Ltd says shelves $5.7 billion eastern India plant
Reuters Dec 2, 2014, 05.59PM IST
Tags:
diesel
("Besides iron ore linkage…)
MUMBAI: India's JSW Steel Ltd said on Tuesday it has "put on hold" building a steel plant in eastern India due to uncertainty in sourcing key raw materials such as iron ore and coal.
The nation's third-largest steelmaker had planned to build a 10 million tonnes a year steel plant in West Bengal state at an investment of 350 billion rupees ($5.66 billion).
The company cited a Supreme Court verdict in September that scrapped most coal extraction permits granted to companies over the last two decades, after ruling the allocation process as arbitrary and illegal.
"Besides iron ore linkage for this project, the recent cancellation of coal mining concessions has added further uncertainty," JSW said in a stock exchange filing.
Another steelmaker, Jindal Steel and Power Ltd , last month told Reuters it had shelved a $10 billion coal-to-diesel project after the court decision to scrap coalfields.
FEATURED ARTICLES

HK protest heads to  relent   urge students ...Hong Kong protest founders to 'surrender', urge students to retreat
AFP Dec 2, 2014, 05.42PM IST
Tags:
Hong Kong
(Announcement came after…)
HONG KONG: The original founders of Hong Kong's pro-democracy Occupy movement tearfully announced Tuesday they would "surrender" by turning themselves in to police and urged protesters on the streets to retreat.
But frustrated demonstrators at the city's main protest site said they felt "abandoned" by the move.
The announcement came after hundreds of pro-democracy protesters clashed with police late Sunday, leaving dozens injured in one of the worst nights of violence since rallies began over two months ago.
"As we prepare to surrender, we three urge the students to retreat -- to put down deep roots in the community and transform the movement," said Occupy Central leader Benny Tai.
Tai said the trio would surrender to police on Wednesday in a commitment to the rule of law and "the principle of peace and love".
Protesters who have blocked three major intersections in the city since late September to demand free leadership elections in the semi-autonomous city, said that they cannot leave until their demands have been met.
"The demand for civil nomination and true democracy has not been achieved and this site has not been cleared. Now they say they are turning themselves to police, the only thing I can say is that they abandoned us," a 17 year old protester who only identified herself as Wong told AFP.
"Now they talk about retreat. It is a betrayal of what we have insisted for all along," said 24-year-old protester Raymond Tsang. "We should not consider an end to the campaign until there is a solid achievement."
Teenage protest leader Joshua Wong paid tribute to Tai and said the student groups leading the movement would "discuss" Occupy's request.
"If Benny Tai did not publicise the idea of civil disobedience at the beginning, then there would be no umbrella movement today," said Wong, who began a hunger strike on Monday in a last-ditch attempt to force the government into further talks.
Academics Tai and Chan Kin-man and Baptist minister Chu Yiu-ming founded the Occupy Central civil disobedience group in early 2013 to push for political reforms, but have increasingly taken a backseat as more radical student groups came to the fore.
Tai praised the bravery of those at the frontline of the mass occupations and criticised the police as "out of control", but added that it was time for protesters to leave "this dangerous place".
"Surrendering is not an act of cowardice, it is the courage to act on a promise. To surrender is not to fail, it is a silent denunciation of a heartless government," Tai said.
While there is no specific warrant out for the founders' arrest, Hong Kong and Chinese authorities have consistently slammed the protests as illegal.
Tai said he did not know how police would respond to their surrender, but that the three were prepared for any consequences.
He said the Occupy movement would now take a different direction to promote the civil disobedience campaign, including through education and a new social charter.
Experts say that the students are unlikely to listen to the Occupy Central leaders' call for retreat.
"The students have always thought that they were the major protagonists of the movement and that Benny Tai and so forth have always been riding on their coattails," political analyst Willy Lam said, though he added that this was an important turning point in the movement nonetheless.
"This will be a watershed, the fact that they are surrendering themselves means that, for the Occupy people, they think that phase one of this civil disobedience movement is over...and they are now conserving their strength for phase two, whatever that may be."
Student-led demonstrators are demanding free leadership elections for the semi-autonomous Chinese city.China's communist authorities insist that candidates for the 2017 vote must be vetted by a loyalist committee, which the protesters say will ensure the election of a pro-Beijing stooge.
The main protest camp continues to block a long stretch of a multi-lane highway in Admiralty district in central Hong Kong. Violent clashes broke out there Sunday night in a fresh escalation of tensions, with officers firing pepper spray at angry students trying to surround government headquarters.
The city's leader Leung Chun-ying warned Monday that the "intolerable" protests will come to nothing and hinted that further police action may take place.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ebola response too slow: Doctors Without Bor...Doctors Without Borders
( The majority of infections…)
MONROVIA, LIBERIA: The international response to Ebola is still too slow and piecemeal, Doctors Without Borders warned Tuesday, as officials said the disease is crippling crippled the economies of the three West African countries hardest hit.
Ebola has infected nearly 17,000 people, of which about 6,000 have died, according to the World Health Organization . The vast majority of infections are in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, poor countries that have been left to handle the crisis without sufficient help, said the medical aid group.
"Foreign governments have focused primarily on financing or building Ebola case management structures, leaving staffing them up to national authorities, local health care staff and NGOs (non-government organizations) which do not have the expertise required to do so," said the group, which is a primary provider of treatment in the outbreak, said in a statement Tuesday.
It reiterated its call for countries with biological-disaster response teams to deploy them.
In addition to killing to thousands, the Ebola outbreak, which was identified in March in Guinea, has shut hospitals, schools and markets, hampered cross-border trade and resulted in the suspension of many of the airline flights.
In response, the World Bank lowered again on Tuesday its growth projections for the hardest-hit countries. It had already cut them in October.
Guinea's economy will grow just 0.5 per cent this year, down from an expected 4.5 per cent before the crisis began, said the bank in its latest assessment of Ebola's impact. Sierra Leone is expected to register 4 per cent economic growth, down from a pre-crisis expectation of 11.3 per cent, while Liberia will see 2.2 per cent growth, down from 5.9 per cent. The economic effects are expected to worsen in Guinea and Sierra Leone next year, when both economies will shrink, according to the latest estimate.
Kim is visiting Liberia on Monday and is set to travel to Sierra Leone and Guinea. The World Bank has pledged nearly $1 billion for the three countries, about half of which has been disbursed for the emergency response.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Governor sacks two KSWU syndicate membersUpdated: December 2, 2014 18:21 IST
Governor sacks two KSWU syndicate members
Firoz Rozindar
Raghavendra Sondur. Photo: Special Arrangement.
The Hindu
S. L. Chandrashekhar. Photo: Special Arrangement.
The governor, Vajubhai R. Vala sacked two Syndicate Members of Karnataka State Women’s University (KSWU) following the complaints of ‘improper and irresponsible behavior’.
Mr. Vala, who is also the Chancellor of all Universities of the State, issued this order under Section 39 of Karnataka State Universities Act 2000 on Monday in Bengaluru, according to the release by KSWU here on Tuesday.
The members S. L. Chandrashekhar and Raghavendra Sondur have been dismissed from their service.
According to the release, both members on September 19, 2014 visited the University under the pretext of monitoring the construction of the building though it was beyond their jurisdiction.
During the visit, they used ‘objectionable’ words and talked in inappropriately with to Vice Chancellor, Meena Chandavarkar and Registrar, S. A. Kazi in front of the students and other staff members.
Later, they visited the girls’ hostel without permission and there too, both of them misbehaved with the official.
Following the incident, a complaint was registered with the Governor and Principal Secretary, High Education on September 20, 2014 for taking suitable action against both members by Ms. Chandavarkar.
After the complaint, on September 29, 2014, the governor appointed G. Lata Krishnarao, Additional Chief Secretary of the State as investigating officer to handle the case.
On November 11, Ms. Krishnarao conducted an inquiry at the University which was attended by the VC, Registrar, hostel wardens and other staff including the two sacked members.
After the probe, the official, last week had submitted her report to the governor, based on the report, the government has issued the order to sack both the members, the release added.

you ll appreciate this new designBy Dalmeet Singh Chawla
The UN marks World Toilet Day with a giant inflatable toilet. Image: Getty.
Approximately 1bn people around the world practice open defecation . Last month, on World Toilet Day, the UN announced that 1 in 6 people in developing countries are not using toilets.
The problem is often overlooked; yet it’s known to result in cholera, typhoid, diarrhoea, polio, reduced physical growth, hepatitis, worm infestation and impaired cognitive function. It has other implications, too: women faced increased risk of sexual harassment for women; children are forced to drop out of schools at an early age due to lack of toilet access.
The World Health Organisation and UNICEF estimate that open defecation rates in developing countries have actually almost halved in just over 20 years: from 31 per cent in 1990 to 17 per cent in 2012. Of the 1bn that do practice open defecation, 82 per cent are present in just 10 countries. Nonetheless, in Sub Saharan Africa, diarrhoea remains the third biggest killer of children under five.
It’s clear is that peoples’ attitudes needs to be changed – but how can governments go about monitoring peoples’ toilet habits? Brurce Muhammad Mecca, an engineer from the Bandung Institute of Technology, Indonesia, thinks he may have the answer.
There are more people in Indonesia who practice open defecation than in any other Asian country except India: approximately 21 per cent of the Indonesian population, a whopping 54m people. So Mecca and his colleagues have designed Open Defecation Eyes, or ODEYES. These will capture information about the open defecation activities taking place by using gas detectors to measure how much ammonia, a gas found in human faeces, is present in different villages.
Mecca and colleagues aim to place the detectors in different locations within Indonesian villages, so the amount of open defecation taking place in different areas can be mapped out accordingly. But because open defection doesn’t only take place in villages, the project is also looking into placing the gas detectors in strategic areas such as the riverside or corn and paddy fields. This mapping activity should make it possible to compare the attitudes of people within cities to those in rural areas, too.
The ODEYES project also aims to develop electronic maps that would ultimately be present inside governmental offices: whenever there are significant levels of ammonia present, an indicator would light up, informing officials that high levels of open defecation are taking place in that particular area, so that they can take action.
Mecca and colleagues have recently submitted the ODEYES project to the UNICEF Global Design Challenge to get advice on how to refine the project further. Mecca says the project should begin developing its first prototypes after approximately six months, when enough funding has been obtained, further changes have been implemented and designs have been finalised.
Although ODEYES is currently in its initial stages, the problem it targets is essential and the solution it proposes has potential; one can also imagine similar initiatives being executed in other developing countries in the near future. 
 

Sinclair ZX Spectrum VegaOr log in with email
Remember Me
New to Indiegogo? Sign up
Or sign up with email
Sign me up for the weekly newsletter
Already have an account? Log in
Sinclair ZX Spectrum Vega
Story Updates 4 Comments 176 Funders 1,378 Gallery 3
£123,641GBP
46 days left
This campaign started on Dec 01 and will close on January 30, 2015 (11:59pm PT).
Flexible Funding This campaign will receive all funds raised even if it does not reach its goal.
Select a contribution amount below:
£1
£100GBP
Limited Edition Spectrum Vega
Become the proud owner of one of the first 1,000 limited edition Vegas, delivered within the UK. (Outside of the UK please add an extra £20 postage.)
Estimated delivery: April 2015
1000 out of 1000 claimed
SOLD OUT
£250GBP
Concept Art 1
A piece of concept art signed by Sir Clive Sinclair, featuring some trial Sinclair Research Logos (approx. 60cm x 40cm)
Estimated delivery: February 2015
1 out of 1 claimed
SOLD OUT
£250GBP
Concept Art 2
A piece of concept art signed by Sir Clive Sinclair, featuring the Indigogo Logo (approx. 60cm x 40cm)
Estimated delivery: February 2015
1 out of 1 claimed
SOLD OUT
£350GBP
Concept Art 3
A piece of concept art signed by Sir Clive Sinclair, featuring the design for a possible joystick version of the Vega (approx. 60cm x 40cm)
Estimated delivery: February 2015
1 out of 1 claimed
SOLD OUT
£350GBP
Concept Art 4
A piece of concept art signed by Sir Clive Sinclair. Featuring the design for a possible joystick and pad version of the Vega (approx. 60cm x 40cm)
Estimated delivery: February 2015

Adarsh Plant Protect: Appointment of Company Secretary Compliance Officer CFODec 02, 2014, 06.01 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Adarsh Plant Protect: Appointment of Company Secretary & Compliance Officer & CFO
Adarsh Plant Protect has informed that the Company has appointed Miss. Devangi Rajanikant Zinzuvadiya as Company Secretary and Compliance Officer and Mr. Shantidatt Johnbhai Christian as Chief Financial Officer of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Adarsh Plant Protect: Appointment of Company Secretary & Compliance Officer & CFO
Adarsh Plant Protect has informed that the Company has appointed Miss. Devangi Rajanikant Zinzuvadiya as Company Secretary and Compliance Officer and Mr. Shantidatt Johnbhai Christian as Chief Financial Officer of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Adarsh Plant Protect Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has appointed Miss. Devangi Rajanikant Zinzuvadiya as Company Secretary and Compliance Officer and Mr. Shantidatt Johnbhai Christian as Chief Financial Officer of the Company.Source : BSE

Yash Trading Finance: Appointment of Company SecretaryDec 02, 2014, 05.59 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Yash Trading & Finance: Appointment of Company Secretary
Yash Trading & Finance has informed that the Company has appointed Ms. Krisha Mehta as Company Secretary of the Company with effect from December 01, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Yash Trading & Finance: Appointment of Company Secretary
Yash Trading & Finance has informed that the Company has appointed Ms. Krisha Mehta as Company Secretary of the Company with effect from December 01, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Yash Trading & Finance Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has appointed Ms. Krisha Mehta as Company Secretary of the Company with effect from December 01, 2014.Source : BSE

10 Year-End financial planning checklist10 Year-End financial planning checklist
Excise hike on petrol and diesel will benefit corporates: YechuryExcise hike on petrol and diesel will benefit corporates: Yechury
President Mukherjee hails Australia for backing India s candidacy at UNSCPresident Mukherjee hails Australia for backing India s candidacy at UNSC
Gold retreats after rally as stronger dollar reduces demandGold retreats after rally as stronger dollar reduces demand
OMCs cancel ethanol procurement tenderOMCs cancel ethanol procurement tender
Rupee ends 14 paise stronger on rate cut hopes in early 2015Hi Guest
Rupee ends 14 paise stronger on rate cut hopes in early 2015
The rupee on Tuesday gained 14 paise to close at 61.88 against the dollar on selling of the US currency by exporters and banks even as stock markets fell. Dollar selling by exporters and some banks for the second day in a row amid sustained capital inflows supported the rupee even as the American currency gained in global markets, dealers said. "Rupee appreciated by almost quarter per cent taking cues from the positive comments given by the RBI during the announcement of credit policy," Pramit ...

PM Narendra Modi condoles A.R. Antulay s deathPM Narendra Modi condoles A.R. Antulay s death
A masterstroke or a mistakeUpdated: December 1, 2014 01:05 IST
A masterstroke or a mistake?
Amarnath Tewary
Tweet
PTI
With Jitan Ram Manjhi (right) carving out his own place in Bihar’s political field, Nitish Kumar is slowly being sidelined. Picture shows the two leaders in Jehanabad, Bihar. — PHOTO: PTI
TOPICS
politics (general)
Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi’s statements may be embarrassing for Nitish Kumar and his party but they have struck a political chord with the Dalit community
In May, when Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar handpicked one of his cabinet colleagues Jitan Ram Manjhi from the Maha Dalit community to succeed him, he did not realise that his “masterstroke” would soon prove to be a political disaster for his party and a nightmare for him. Little did Mr. Kumar know that Mr. Manjhi would become a political liability and a calculated game plan would go horribly wrong.
On becoming the third Dalit Chief Minister of the State after Bhola Paswan Shastri and Ram Sundar Das, Mr. Manjhi realised his socio-politico strength and refused to become a remote-controlled or puppet Chief Minister of his predecessor, as many had believed he would be. Instead, he began nursing his own constituency in Bihar’s caste-ridden political firmament. Mr. Manjhi made headlines with controversial statements and slowly nudged Mr. Kumar into the inside pages of newspapers.
Acknowledging the fact that he was not elected but was made Chief Minister, Mr. Manjhi keenly observed the nuances of governance for a month, but started acting on his own thereafter. He also knew that he had been anointed as a stop-gap Chief Minister only for a limited period of time as Mr. Kumar was re-elected as the leader of the Janata Dal (United) Legislature Party. Under Mr. Kumar, the party will contest the State Assembly elections due in October or November next year. In the game of political peek-a-boo, Mr. Manjhi also realised that by making him his successor, Mr. Kumar has, in fact, been making steady moves to seize the Dalit vote bank (comprising 16 per cent of the electorate) which, with the support of votes from the Extremely Backward Caste, (who comprise 30 per cent of the electorate), will most likely make him politically invincible, despite the Bharatiya Janata Party’s surge in the State.
Nursing political ambitions
It was a deft move by Mr. Kumar to carve out a political space for himself in the changing political scenario of the State. But being a seasoned politician who began his political career with the Congress party, moving later to the Rashtriya Janata Dal and then the JD(U), Mr. Manjhi knew how to nurse his political ambitions. He knew that to remain relevant he would have to carve out his own place. This is where the real nightmare began to unfold for Mr. Kumar and his party — when the Chief Minister began shooting a barrage of controversial statements.
“If Nitish Kumar removes Jitan Ram Manjhi, he will lose Dalit votes and there will be a conspicuous rift between lower caste and upper caste leaders within the party”
However, though the Chief Minister’s statements have been embarrassing for the party, they have managed to strike a chord with the Dalit community. It also appears as though Mr. Manjhi has been making these statements to prevent leaders such as Mr. Kumar and Lok Janshakti Party chief Ram Vilas Paswan from carrying the tag of Dalit leaders. “With some struggle I’ve become the Chief Minister of the State. Who knows, one day I may become the Prime Minister,” he declared at a function. He also stated on his home turf in Gaya that the next Chief Minister of the State must come from his area.
But Mr. Manjhi has also become a man of many gaffes. He said he would “chop off the hands of doctors if they neglected treatment of the poor,” stated that he paid a bribe to bring down the power bill, said upper caste people are foreigners, said “Maha Dalits are not able to look after their children properly or improve their lifestyle,” and that if they “have to drink alcohol, [they] should take a little of it in the form of medicine.” His statement on upper castes was met with scathing criticism from upper caste MLAs who called the Chief Minister “mentally unstable.” However, as political observer Professor N.K. Chaudhury said, all these were ways of “humiliating” the Chief Minister and forcing him to resign on his own. But, as he pointed out, Mr. Manjhi moved on while setting his eyes fixed on his constituency.
And to defy opinion that he is a “rubber stamp Chief Minister,” Mr. Manjhi took some tough administrative decisions. He overhauled the top bureaucracy of Patna district after the Dussehra festival stampede and punished erring doctors while promising to hit hard on those slacking in their duties.
But all these measures set alarm bells for Mr. Kumar who was ready to embark on his 17-day Sampark Yatra, a party cadre contact tour. Mr. Kumar reportedly sent an SOS to party President Sharad Yadav and some other senior party leaders to rein in Mr. Manjhi.
A liability?
Has Mr. Manjhi now become a political compulsion and liability for Mr. Kumar, at least till the Assembly polls next year? The answer is yes. The Chief Minister knows that Mr. Kumar cannot take a shot at him unless he takes RJD president Lalu Prasad into confidence. And for the beleaguered Mr. Prasad, no one is better suited as Chief Minister than Mr. Manjhi.
Second, Mr. Manjhi also knows that by removing him, Mr. Kumar would lose Dalit votes and there would be a conspicuous rift between lower and backward castes and upper caste leaders within the party.
Third, Mr. Kumar also doesn’t have any other candidate to replace Mr. Manjhi. There are many aspirants for the post and they come from different castes but any replacement would trigger an instant rebellion among the party legislators — something Mr. Kumar can hardly afford at this juncture. And above all, the opposition BJP which has been watching hawk-eyed all the developments could also turn Mr. Manjhi’s replacement into an election issue.
Mr. Manjhi has definitely become a political problem for Mr. Kumar. How long will this last? Nobody knows for politics is always a game of possibilities. But the situation is not doing Mr. Kumar or his party any good.
amaranth.tewary@thehindu.co.in

M&A cyber hackers target deal informationM&A cyber hackers target deal information
Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b4d6eab4-78e4-11e4-b518-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UMP heavyweights snub Sarkozy proposalUMP party heavyweights snub Sarkozy proposal
Adam Thomson in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cf432ce2-7974-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

LVB says no cap on ATM transactionsUpdated: December 2, 2014 00:21 IST
LVB says no cap on ATM transactions
Special Correspondent
banking
Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB) has extended certain customer friendly provisions allowing cost free transactions on their own ATMs to its debit card holders without any cap on number of transactions. The bank will also allow its customers to do up to five ATM transactions (inclusive of both financial and non-financial) in a month at other bank ATMs in other locations (that is, other than the six metros) without any charge. Transactions up to 3 in a month at other bank metro ATM’s will be cost free, says a bank release.

MRF plans Rs.4 000-cr expansion programmecompany information
Investment to boost topline by Rs.4,500 cr
MRF has embarked on a 3-year expansion programme involving an investment of Rs.4,000 crore to ramp up capacities across its factories. This is the second major investment plan announced by the Chennai-headquartered tyre maker in last four years. In 2010, it took up a Rs.3,000-crore capacity expansion that included establishment of a new factory near Tiruchi. “Indian automobile market will definitely see a strong growth. Even at 5 per cent plus GDP growth, it is worth investing in additional capacity expansion as the demand for automobiles will remain robust in the country,” Koshy Varghese, Executive Vice-President, Marketing, said here.
Of the Rs.4,000 crore, Tiruchi factory is expected to receive a significant portion of the capex. It accounts for about 25 per cent of the company’s overall production capacity, which is presently estimated at 15,000 tonnes a day or about 1.2 lakh tyres a day. He pointed out that the proposed investment would result in additional revenue of Rs.4,500 crore for the company in the mid-term as the asset investment ratio in the capital-intensive tyre industry is 1:1.1. Mr. Varghese said that a stronger focus on replacement market and better product-mix besides lower rubber prices helped the company sustain margin levels. It secures 70-75 per cent revenue from the replacement market.
MRF also claims leadership position in the PCR (passenger car radial) tyre segment with 28-30 per cent share in replacement segment and 25 per cent share in OEM (original equipment manufacturer) market.
Replying to a question on price reduction due to lower rubber prices, he said that the company had effected price revision recently.

Girl Scouts sweeten the deal with online cookie salesGirl Scouts sweeten the deal with online cookie sales
Girl scout cookies
The thin mint, shortbread, and caramel delight cookies.
The thin mint, shortbread, and caramel delight cookies. (ROSS HAILEY / MCT)
By Tribune wire reports
Americans will soon have a new way to get their Girl Scout Cookie fix as the program launches an online tool allowing its green-clad young members to sell Thin Mints, Samoas and other sweet treats over the Internet.
The "Digital Cookie" tool, which goes lives on Dec. 12, is intended to help scouts learn online marketing and e-commerce, as well skills including goal-setting and money management, according to the Girl Scouts of America.
0
The online tool unveiled on Monday will provide a new outlet for the 1 million members to sell the cookies, which raise money for scouting programs. Scouts will also continue to sell the sweets door to door or at booths.
"Digital Cookie is a game-changer for Girl Scouts, and a quantum leap forward in the evolution of the cookie program," said Anna Maria Chávez, the organization's chief executive officer.
The program allows scouts to sell their wares directly through email, or to use a mobile app for payment and direct delivery when they make in-person sales.
Kimberly Welsh, a Girl Scouts of San Jacinto Council volunteer in Houston, said her daughter participated in a test of the program last year.
"She enjoyed being able to manage her orders and keep track of her goals in one place," Welsh said, adding that customers said they liked the convenience of bulk ordering and home delivery.
Girl Scouts have been selling cookies to raise money for their troops nearly every year since their moms started baking them in their kitchens in 1917.
During World War Two, when ingredients were in short supply, scouts sold calendars, but resumed the cookies after the war ended.
Reuters

Hopes rise for US spy jailed in CubaSigns of political thaw lift hopes for US contractor in Cuba jail
Marc Frank in Havana
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/de74e682-7943-11e4-a57d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

People Make The World Go Round: Standing Up for the Collaborative Economy With Joel Commreddit
If you were the author of a NYT Best Seller, founder of a multi-player gaming community sold to Yahoo!, and a sought after worldwide speaker on social media, you probably wouldn't wake up on a random Tuesday and say, "Hey, I think this week I want to be an Uber Driver."
Beyond seeming irrational, it just isn't something that would come to mind, unless of course your name is Joel Comm.
For Joel Comm, the renowned author of Twitter Power and nearly a dozen other books, the idea of joining the sharing economy as an Uber driver seems exciting, spontaneous and perhaps even an adventure out of his comfort zone. So he did what perhaps no one else like him would do and he signed up and he drove. Unsure of what to expect from his experience, Joel decided to do more than just live the experience, but rather capture the whole thing. Much to his surprise, when he was done, he came to realize something about the collaborative economy.
It's About The People, Not The Company
Over the past couple of months there has been harsh criticism of the leadership of Uber. From abusive management practice to misogynistic behavior; the media has been calling for the heads of its leaders with a downpour of damaging exposes that suggest incredible negligence among the ranks. Yet the brand rolls on and Uber continues to provide more than a million rides a month.
Perhaps what has kept the movement in place is really at the center of what Uber set out to accomplish in the first place.
Help markets meet their transportation demand by providing a supply of people to move them on demand with literally the touch of a button.
Employ people who are looking for a way to augment income or have flexible employment based on a skill that they can deliver with little or no training.
If you think about it, what other businesses have allowed people to more quickly turn a non-performing asset into a revenue center more quickly than Uber? Perhaps only AirBnB, which is Uber's direct counterpart in hospitality. So what is driving this phenomenon?
Today we have entered an economy where the consumer is driving the enterprise. This started with the iPhone and has evolved with collaborative applications that are being delivered by developers working out of their basement and their garage. Who in the world would have thought a silly application like Flappy Birds could make a developer $50,000 a day? Probably no one, but then again, who would have thought a website like Match.com for Cabs and Hotel rooms would have an 11 figure valuation?
The bottom line is that the collaborative economy has a new and more powerful resource and it is rooted in human potential.  What Uber and AirBnB have started will surely be replicated with every other facet of our lives; whether it is finding someone to be our personal shopper or someone to keep us motivated at the gym. In many ways these things already exist, only in the future it will be more flexible, more simplistic and how we compensate people for doing these things will be directly correlated with the market economics.
When A NYT Best Selling Author Drives An Uber
After a week of driving and experiencing the collaborative economy, Joel Comm had a feel for what it was about. In the end it came down not to these behemoth tech companies leasing the land, assets and labors of the community, but those that actually wake up and drive each day.
It is as simple as it looks. Getting people where they need to go. But there is a certain nostalgia about it. It takes us back to the roots of the human condition. Connecting people, providing service and bartering in a way where everyone wins.
Sure the experience was a bit surreal and odds are Joel Comm won't be spending many of his days "Ubering" around town (at least not as a driver). But who really knows, as we continue to move toward new economics and new currencies of talent and capabilities, the future may hold a bit more unexpected fun for Joel and all of those people he drove during his time as an Uber Driver.
Now...check out Joel Comm in his week as an Uber Driver.
Follow Daniel Newman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/danielnewmanuv
More:

14 CRPF men die in Maoist strikeUpdated: December 2, 2014 08:16 IST
14 CRPF men die in Maoist strike
Pavan Dahat
File photo shows CRPF men dismantling a Maoist camp in Minapa, in Sukma district of Chhattisgarh.
VIDEO
armed conflict
13 more grievously injured; bodies still at the encounter site
Ending an eight-month calm, Maoists killed 14 Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) personnel, including two officers, in Sukma district of South Chhattisgarh on Monday.
The ambush took place near Kasalpara village. “The deceased personnel include Deputy Commandant D.S. Verma and Assistant Commandant Rajesh Kapuria of the CRPF,” R.K. Vij, Additional Director-General of Police, Naxal Operations, Chhattisgarh, told The Hindu.
Thirteen more were grievously injured, said D. Upadhay, Deputy Inspector-General, CRPF, Dantewada range.
A joint team of more than 200 personnel had left for an area domination and combing exercise on Saturday. “They were ambushed on the way back to the base camp,” Mr. Upadhay said.
Rescue operations were launched immediately, but officials said the search parties had not returned to the base camp.
“The bodies are still at the encounter site,” Mr. Upadhay said.
“Most likely, our jawans will have to spend the night in the forest. Fortunately, firing has stopped now.”
Sukma Superintendent of Police D. Shrwan said he had not been able to establish contact with the parties.
“We are working out a plan to send reinforcements,” he told The Hindu.
There were reports of six Maoists being killed in the encounter, but officials refused to confirm this.
Devesh Pandey writes from New Delhi:
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said he would visit Chhattisgarh on Tuesday to take stock of the situation.
“I am waiting for a detailed report,” he told presspersons in Lucknow.
He could not travel to Chhattisgarh on Monday because of logistical constraints.

As oil blow looms  Russia warns of recession next yearAs oil blow looms, Russia warns of recession next year
Agencies Dec 2, 2014, 04.17PM IST
Tags:
economic development ministry
(Russia's economy has been…)
MOSCOW: The Russian government has for the first time acknowledged that the country will fall into recession next year, battered by the combination of Western sanctions and a plunge in the price of its oil exports.
The economic development ministry on Tuesday revised its GDP forecast for 2015 from growth of 1.2 per cent to a drop of 0.8 per cent. Disposable income is expected to decline by 2.8 per cent against the previously expected 0.4 per cent growth.
Russia's economy has been damaged by low oil prices, a key export and the backbone of the state budget, as well as Western sanctions over its role in eastern Ukraine. The sanctions are hurting Russian banks and investment sentiment is down. The national currency, the ruble, has dropped by more than 40 per cent this year, raising concerns of a spike in inflation that can hurt spending.
The release of the forecast on Tuesday afternoon reversed a modest rally in the Russian market, bringing the ruble 2 per cent lower against the dollar, to 52.30 per dollar.
Russia has a solid balance sheet, extremely low sovereign debt and sizeable reserves in foreign currencies, but its dependence on oil leaves it at the mercy of the international market. And its increasing political isolation risks discouraging foreign investment.
``The real damage from the collapsing ruble and oil price is to investment and growth,'' said Chris Weafer, senior partner at Moscow-based Macro-Advisory, said in a note to investors.
``Russia is a non-investible country for all but the bravest of hedge fund investors right now, and will remain in this category until both the ruble and oil stabilize at minimum. ``
The expected rise in inflation will also hurt consumer confidence and business activity, Weafer said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Excise duty on petrol  diesel raised; no impact on pricesDec 02, 2014 at 03:11pm IST
Excise duty on petrol, diesel raised; no impact on prices
30
0
New Delhi: The government on Tuesday raised excise duty on petrol and diesel by Rs 2.25 and Rs 1 a litre respectively, but consumers will be spared of price hike.
The move, which comes amid declining prices of crude oil in the international market, will boost government revenue and help it contain the fiscal deficit.
The revised excise duty on petrol and diesel came into affect from Tuesday, official sources said. The move will have no impact on retail prices of petrol and diesel, they said.
The hike in excise duty is expected to yield an additional Rs 4,000 core in the remaining part of the current fiscal.
#petrol #diesel #excise duty hike #oil companies
This is the second hike in excise duty in three weeks. On November 12, the government had raised the excise duty by Rs 1.50 per litre on both petrol and diesel but that did not have any impact on the retail prices.
In view of the declining prices of crude, oil marketing companies had on Monday cut petrol price by 91 paise a litre, the seventh reduction since August, and diesel by 84 paise per litre, the third straight cut.
The hike in excise duty is expected to yield an additional Rs 4,000 core in the remaining part of the current fiscal. The addition from the earlier increase is expected to be Rs 6,000 crore.
The international crude oil price of Indian Basket as computed by Petroleum Planning and Analysis Cell (PPAC) was USD 67.72 (Rs 4,208.12) per barrel (bbl) on Monday, down from USD 70.29 per bbl on November 28.
The hike in excise duty will help government mop taxes as it was facing challenges on the indirect tax front on account of slowdown in economic activities.
14

Lending  deposit rates set to remain unchanged after RBI shuns a cut  say bankersInterest rates, both for deposit and lending, are likely to remain static as the Governor Raghuram Rajan-led Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today kept the key rate unchanged at its fifth bi-monthly monetary policy review.
“Interest rates are likely to remain unchanged,” SBI Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya said.
Echoing similar views Yes Bank CEO and Managing Director Rana Kapoor said: “Base rate and benchmark prime lending rate are unlikely to see any downward revision at the moment. It can happen only after policy rate moderates.”
However, he said, there could be some adjustment in interest rate of deposits of long tenure over 3 years.
Some of the banks have done this and some more could do it based on their asset liability position, Kapoor said, adding that a few more banks can make changes in the coming days as system has ample liquidity.
According to United Bank of India Executive Director Deepak Narang, margins of banks are already under pressure due to high NPA level. “So, I don’t see a cut in the interest rate at the moment,” he said.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan today kept interest rate unchanged, saying that a shift in stance is ‘premature’ but hinted that a cut may come early next year if inflation continues to ease and government acts on the fiscal side.
Accordingly, the repo rate continues to be at 8 per cent while the cash reserve ratio has also been retained at 4 per cent despite inflation based on the Wholesale Price Index coming down to a 5-year low of 1.77 per cent in October.
The low inflation is not because of structural changes in the domestic economy but due to fall in international prices of crude, which has declined to a historical low, said Shashwat Sharma, Partner – Financial services, KPMG India.
“Therefore, we understand and appreciate the RBI’s stance on no cut in interest rates and look forward to structural changes by the government in the domestic economy,” he added.
However, RBI has clearly opened the window for rate cuts to begin in the next review in February 2015 or possibly earlier, Kapoor said.
“I see space for monetary accommodation to the tune of close to 100 basis point cut over the course of next 12 months in 2015-16,” he added.
Bhattacharya further said that the RBI’s assertion of a possible change in monetary policy stance next year is a clear vindication and acknowledgement of a benign inflation regime.
“In fact, by advancing the inflation target of 6% to March 2015, RBI has now set out a clear message of the reversal of the rate cycle, sooner than later,” she added.
According to ICICI Bank CEO Chanda Kochhar the statement that a change in monetary policy stance is likely early next year if the current positive trends continue is very welcome.
“The results of government actions to energise investment activity should start playing out in the coming months. As this happens and interest rates moderate, we should see an improvement in growth going forward,” she said.
Federal Bank CEO Shyam Srinivasan said the policy announcement was along the expected lines both in content and the underlying tone, which suggested an accommodative stance in the period ahead (even outside of policy review cycle), should data flow suggest continued easing up of inflation.
TAGS: Raghuram Rajan RBI Policy Reserve Bank Of India
More from economy
Per capita annual income increases in national capital The per capita annual income in the national capital has increased to Rs 2.19 lakh in 2013-14 as campared to Rs 1.92 lakh in the previous fiscal.

Goodbye Deven Verma and thank you for all the laughsGoodbye Deven Verma and thank you for all the laughs
Veenu Sandhu |  Dec 02, 2014 04:48 PM IST
How often does it happen that when you hear the news of someone dying, along with the sadness come the smiles? Deven Verma (October 23, 1937–December 2, 2014), the nuanced actor who breathed his last in Pune on Tuesday morning, was one such rare person. In his film career that spanned 47 years, he gave us many laughs, plenty of smiles and also those pensive moments when his comic act offered more than comedy and got you thinking.
Verma was the comedian on whose shoulders rest many films that are today counted as cult classics. He was the anchor who held them together and gave them a direction – or comical misdirection. In Gol Maal, the 1979 comedy directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee, where he plays himself, he’s the one steering the film.
He’s truly the main ingredient of the story that sends the key characters, played by stalwarts like Amol Palekar and Utpal Dutt, into a spin. He’s the one responsible for the ridiculously mini-kurta Palekar is stuck with through the film. The idea of creating a twin brother for Palekar to rescue him from being exposed before his boss, Utpal Dutt, is also his. And he’s the one who encourages Palekar to shave off his moustache, causing more confusion and creating the base for a comical climax to the film.
In the 1983 Rang Birangi starring Parveen Babi, Amol Palekar, Farooq Sheikh, Deepti Naval and Utpal Dutt, he is the character who singlehandedly upsets the lives of all of these people in his attempt to rekindle the spark in the lives of the happily-married-but-bored Babi and Palekar.
Also, try imaging Gulzar’s comedy of errors, Angoor (1982), without Verma who plays a double role, both of a servant to Sanjeev Kumar (also in double role). Take Verma out of these classics and they would collapse. He bought the dignity to comedy which we seldom see today. His was not the slapstick style of humour that films now are sprinkled with, much like item numbers that add nothing to the plot. He was not the filler in the film; he was its core.
Palekar remembers the first time he met Verma. “It was at a Filmfare award function in the early 1970s, much before we started acting together,” he recalls. “Here was this man, not very well known, doing a standup comedy act back then. There was no mimicry, no acting and no attempt to make people laugh. He was simply chatting with the audience with a straight, blank face and we were collapsing in our chairs, laughing.”
After the act, Palekar went backstage to meet Verma and to “introduce myself to him”. That was the beginning of a lifelong friendship. In 1973, when Bada Kabutar, a comedy film directed by Verma released, Palekar went to watch its very first show at Lotus Theatre in Mumbai.
“It was, oh my God, such a beautiful comedy, typical of what Basu Chatterjee and Mukherjee would subsequently make,” says Palekar. Lotus Theatre does not exist anymore. The film, Bada Kabutar, also lies forgotten. “It was probably far too ahead of its time,” says Palekar. “Whenever we met, we would have an adda (Bengali for intellectual exchange). I will miss that. I will miss him terribly.”
Verma once said that you can have a small role in a film and yet shine, or a big one and yet come out a dud. Verma had that ability and the discipline to shine no matter how tiny the role. In the 1969 black-and-white film, Khamoshi, directed by Asit Sen and starring Rajesh Khanna and Waheeda Rehman, he plays Patient No 22 admitted in a psychiatric ward. It’s a small side role, but unforgettable. Here, in one song, he reveals the several layers of the actor in him.
The song, Dost kahan koi tumsa by Manna Dey, sees him as a ‘drunk’ man intoxicated on an empty bottle that he has found in the ward; he’s also a playful inmate, teasing and provoking his fellow inmates; and then, the next moment, he is a traumatised man standing by a statue of a mother and child, his face contorted in agony and wearing a faraway look. He was a comedian who could transcend the genre he was seen most in and yet leave an impression.
Those who grew up in the 1970s and ’80s would surely remember the song Mummy O Mummy from Basu Chatterjee’s Khatta Meetha. It has Verma playing an endearing character of a Parsi bachelor who is getting on in age and is desperate to marry. His desperation is both comical and sad, and the heart cannot help but feel happy when he finally does find a bride in Preeti Ganguli (his sister-in-law in real life). That’s the power his realistic, believable comedy had.
Verma, whose father was in the silver business, was always interested in acting. He got into it early, participate in dramas and youth festivals during his college days in Pune, he told Patcy N of Rediff.com in an interview in July 2013.
The later films, like the Aamir Khan-Salman Khan starring Andaz Apna Apna (1994), couldn’t quite tap into the actor who finally decided to retire. But there was a time when he was working in 16 movies together because “I was in the industry for so long and had made so many friends, so I couldn’t say no and disappoint anyone,” he said in the Rediff interview. A good thing too. His inability to say ‘no’ has left us with more films to remember him by.
Clarification
 
An earlier version of this article had incorrectly stated that the 1969 movie Khamoshi was directed by Gulzar. It was, in fact, directed by Asit Sen. The error is regretted.

Banks may be allowed to up stake in troubled projects: RBI Governor Raghuram RajanIndian rupee slips past psychological $63 mark to hit 13-month low
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan today said banks may be soon allowed to increase their equity holdings above the current cap of 10 per cent in companies undergoing debt restructuring.
The central bank is planning to unveil two measures to enable more productive loan restructuring, he said, adding that it is also mulling extending the 5/25 rule for fresh lending.
This rule enables a bank to extend loans to an infra developer for 25 years with an option to rewrite or reset the terms of the loan or transfer it to another bank or financial institution after five years. It ensures that tenure of the loan matches the life cycle of the underlying asset.
“In the next few days, I hope to announce two key relaxations. One is a move towards 5/25 restructuring for existing projects which are standard and also to allow banks to take equity in restructuring to a greater extent than they currently can,” Rajan said, addressing the media after announcing the bi-monthly policy wherein he left all the key policy rates unchanged.
ANALYSTS’ COMMENTARY: ‘Change in stance by Raghuram Rajan’s RBI very heartening’
RBI POLICY REVIEW: HIGHLIGHTS
“There is a substantial financial stress in some sectors. We have been taking a holistic view instead of a sector by sector approach keeping in mind the need for a financial restructuring while limiting the extent of forbearance,” he said.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had in the Budget proposed that he would ease the financing structure for infrastructure projects by introducing the 5/25 rule which allows to let bank to lend money to a developer for up to 25 years.
Bad loans and restructured loans together constitute more than 10.4 per cent of the banking system assets as of the September quarter, with some state-run banks like Central Bank having such dud assets over 20 per cent, while nearly half of them have it between 15 per cent and 19 per cent.
Last fiscal as much as 20 per cent of all infra loans were restructured. As that as of March 2014, infrastructure loans worth around over Rs 57,200 crore were under corporate debt restructuring.
Rajan explained that as part of a restructuring process, banks’ holding in a company had been capped at 10 per cent through a notification issued in May 2013.
Meanwhile during the con-call with the analysts, RBI Deputy Governor S S Mundra, said: “In the whole restructuring process, if enterprise is viable and banks are putting a package and if they are taking a higher write-off or haircut in shape of debt, I think there is merit that they can in point of time converted into equity.
“It also has another advantage, that in such cases if there is a turnaround, then the upside is going to promoters alone but when the proportion is high, some of the upside can spillover to the bank.”
TAGS: Raghuram Rajan RBI Policy Reserve Bank Of India
More from bankingampfinance

Stock futures slightly higher after decline  oil down againEnergy rally boosts Wall Street despite global growth woes
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
cComments
This article has scant reference to the biggest story on the international scene today, the free fall of the Russian Rouble now at 79 to the dollar, up from the 30s just a short time ago. BBC said today, "Russia's rouble went into free-fall in Tuesday trading, falling repeatedly to...
Kasha11
131
Market participants cited bets on the Federal Reserve's next move as giving stocks support. Fed officials will decide this week whether to make a critical change to their policy statement that would widen the door for interest rate hikes next year. In October, The Fed repeated that benchmark rates were unlikely to rise for a "considerable time."
"Perhaps markets think the Fed will not be as on-schedule on taking out that language," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial in Newark, New Jersey.
She said the market is betting the Fed will give consideration to rapidly changing financial conditions. A Fed statement and news conference are expected on Wednesday.
At 12:08 p.m. EST (1708 GMT) the Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 156.37 points, or 0.91 percent, to 17,337.21, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 16.42 points, or 0.83 percent, to 2,006.05 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 19.09 points, or 0.41 percent, to 4,624.24.
Brent crude  fell as much as 4.2 percent but was last down 1.2 percent at $60.36 a barrel. U.S. crude , which fell as much as 4.1 percent, was recently up 0.2 percent at $56.04 a barrel after gaining as much as 2.2 percent.
Energy sector stocks <.SPNY>, up 2.9 percent, were the largest gainers on the S&P 500.
"There were many, many stocks, especially in the energy sector that were just trading at absolutely ridiculous prices to their fair market valuation," said Paul Mendelsohn, chief investment strategist at Windham Financial Services in Charlotte, Vermont.
"That is really what started the rally, when investors really started to come into the energy stocks."
CVS Health Corp , up 4.8 percent to $94.14, led gains on the S&P 500 after a strong 2015 forecast. 3M  lifted its dividend and was the top gainer on the Dow industrials with a 2.5 percent advance.
Boeing , up 2.6 percent at $125.20, was among the best performers on the day after it raised its dividend and perked up its buyback program.
(Editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

Credai expresses disappointment with Credit policyCredai expresses disappointment with Credit policy
V. Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Dec. 2:  
The Confederation of Real Estate Developers’ Associations of India has expressed disappointment at RBI decision to maintain status quo on key rates even when the inflation is already under control.
Highlighting the need to focus on fuelling the housing growth by reducing the rates, Credai advocated reduction in interest rates to facilitate lowering of entry barrier and spur demand for the real estate sector. It expressed the need to make home loan rates independent of inflation expectations, keeping in view the mission to provide housing for all by 2022.
C Shekar Reddy, President CREDAI-National said, “The RBI decision to keep the key rates unchanged will not help the real estate sector development. Presently the overall inflation is under control as expected by the RBI, the crude oil prices are also low and the overall business requires an upward momentum. A reduction in policy rates at this juncture would have a significant impact in boosting the industry and facilitating growth.”
He said that the housing and finance ministry are advocating that the interest rates should be brought down for the developers and end user to promote the mission “Housing for all”.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

US officials meet Andhra CM Chandrababu NaiduUS officials meet Andhra CM Chandrababu Naidu
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Dec 02, 2014 04:24 PM IST
A delegation from the US Sate Department today met Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu. During the meeting chief minister Naidu asked the visiting US officials to consider establishing a US consulate in Vijayawada, according to the chief minister's office.
The delegation consisted of Assistant Secretary of State for Political-Military Affairs Puneet Talwar, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for South Asia Atul Keshap, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs Kenneth Handelman, Consul General Michael Mullins among other officials.
The US officials said they would consider the possibility of setting up of a branch office there, according to the statement.The delegation informed the chief minister that their country is looking at the investment opportunities in automobiles, electronics, agro-processing, petrochemicals besides IT sector, it said.

Finance ministry expects RBI to support revival of growthFinance Ministry looks forward to RBI to support revival of growth, employment
Manoj Kumar     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 19:02 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
With the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) keeping interest rates unchanged , the government on Tuesday said it is looking forward to the central bank to support revival of growth and employment.
In a statement, the Finance Ministry said it was encouraging that RBI has taken note of the structural change in the outlook for inflation.
"The government looks forward to the RBI supporting the revival of growth and employment ," the statement said.
Referring to the proposed new monetary policy framework, the finance ministry said in the weeks ahead, the government and the central bank will work towards it.
The framework would "help institutionalise the gains achieved on the inflation front, so as to reduce inflationary expectations and further support the revival of investment and growth", the ministry added.
Earlier in the day, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said talks with the government had progressed well and the details would be announced soon.
The new monetary policy framework involves setting a formal inflation target and accountability to deliver on the same. The central bank has set the inflation target for January 2016 and beyond at 4 per cent (plus or minus 2 per cent).
In its policy review, the RBI said, "If the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle."
The apex bank on Tuesday kept interest rates unchanged for fifth time in a row. The repo rate is unchanged at 8 per cent while the cash reserve ratio (CRR) has also been retained at 4 per cent.
Meanwhile, the country's economic growth slowed to 5.3 per cent in the second quarter of current financial year, from 5.7 per cent recorded in the April-June quarter.

Raghuram Rajan flays firms  myopic view on growth-inflation dynamicsRaghuram Rajan flays firms’ myopic view on growth-inflation dynamics
By: PTI |        Mumbai |  December 2, 2014 5:43 pm
Summary
Trashing India Inc’s incessant criticism that RBI is not reducing interest rates, Governor Raghuram Rajan…
Raghuram Rajan said RBI is also in the process of creating a framework which will make the sustainable growth possible. (PTI)
Other Articles
Enforcement Directorate probing beneficiary of Rs 425 crore Indian Premier League facilitation fee
Trashing India Inc’s incessant criticism that RBI is not reducing interest rates, Governor Raghuram Rajan today accused them of being myopic and asserted that the central bank is for the “strongest possible growth”.
“I think there is a misconception in corporate India that the central bank is not concerned about growth,” Rajan said and underlined that the fundamental way to get sustainable growth is to have moderate inflation.
Addressing the customary post-policy press briefing, Rajan said, “We are not talking about growth for this quarter. We are talking about years of sustainable growth. To get that you need to fight inflation, beat it and then you can get sustainable growth.”
Asserting that RBI is not against growth but wants the strongest possible growth, Rajan pointed to the incessant fight between the savers and producers and said, “The big fight between savers and producers has been that savers are seeing high inflation and so can’t save, whereas producers are seeing low inflation and say interest rate are so high and how can they invest.
“How do you bring these two together? By bringing inflation down. Otherwise, we are going to have this high inflation and low growth scenario again and again. And so, I think it is very shortsighted when people comment that you (RBI) are not helping growth this quarter,” the Governor said in combative tone.
India Inc and many political leaders have long been demanding a rate cut as growth has been trending down. The GDP grew at 5.3 per cent in the second quarter of this fiscal as against 5.7 per cent in the first quarter.
Rajan said RBI is also in the process of creating a framework which will make the sustainable growth possible.
“I would say bare with us (for some more time) and hopefully if we can reach there and stay there. We will produce many years of strong growth for corporate India,” Rajan said, adding that RBI has a projection for a steady pickup in growth going forward.
TAGS: Raghuram Rajan RBI Monetary Policy Reserve Bank Of India
More from companies
Concerted effort to manipulate machinery: Court in coal case Industrialist Kumar Mangalam Birla's letters to the then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh sought to re-open the issue of allocation...

71 pilots grounded this year by DGCA  half of them from SpiceJet  IndiGoEnforcement Directorate probing beneficiary of Rs 425 crore Indian Premier League facilitation fee
At least 71 pilots were grounded this year for various reasons, including being found tipsy, with about half of them belonging to no-frill carriers SpiceJet and IndiGo, Rajya Sabha was informed today.
19 pilots of SpiceJet and 16 of IndiGo were grounded by aviation regulator DGCA on two counts — testing positive in pre-flight breathalyser tests and being responsible for some incidents involving flight operation.
The grounded pilot count for other airlines due to the same reasons was 11 each for Air India and Jet Airways, two each for Air India Charters and Alliance Air and one each for GoAir and JetLite.
Of the total 71 pilots grounded, a total of 24 were punished for being found positive for breathalyser tests, 39 for incidents and eight for lapsed pilot licence, according to the data given by Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju in reply to a written question.
TAGS: Air India Indigo SpiceJet
More from companies
Concerted effort to manipulate machinery: Court in coal case Industrialist Kumar Mangalam Birla's letters to the then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh sought to re-open the issue of allocation...

Massive protests across Assam over Modis stand on India-Bangla land swapdealWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 2, 2014 5:58 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 8:31 pm
Prime minister Narendra Modi’s continuation of the erstwhile UPA government’s land transfer agreement with Bangladesh has triggered off massive protests across Assam, with the All Assam Students’ Union (AASU) today staging a statewide sit-in demonstration to press the Centre for cancellation of the pact.
Thousands of AASU volunteers sat on a dharna in all district and sub-divisional towns across the Assam, raising slogans against the prime minister’s stand. “We strongly oppose his stand. Whatever portion of land India is supposed to get back from Bangladesh is also our land, whatever portion the government wants to give away to that country is also ours,” said AASU president Sankar Prasad Roy and general secretary Tapan Kumar Gogoi.
Prime minister Modi had on Sunday announced, during his two-day visit to Assam that the NDA regime would go ahead with the land transfer deal signed by the previous government with Bangladesh, at the same time ensuring that it would be used to stop illegal migration from Bangladesh.
“I know the sentiments of the people of Assam. I assure you that I am going to use the proposed land swap deal for the benefit of Assam. I am going to make such arrangements that the land swap deal with Bangladesh benefits Assam. I am going to use the land swap deal to stop illegal infiltration from Bangladesh, which has been a perennial problem for the state. I am also going to use the land swap deal to ensure security along the border in Assam,” Modi had said.
Not convinced with this assurance, the AASU has pointed out that the BJP had adopted double standards in the land transfer issue. “The BJP had sent a group of national leaders to the India-Bangladesh border where they even hoisted the tricolor on those patches of land which the UPA government had agreed to hand over to Bangladesh. The party’s state unit had also called a bandh in Assam to protest the agreement. Why is the Modi government now endorsing the same pact which it had opposed when it was in the opposition,” asked AASU president Sankar Prasad Roy.
The Asom Gana Parishad (AGP) on the other hand announced it would launch a series of agitational programmes from the day the BJP-led government placed the Bill on land transfer with Bangladesh. “All seven BJP MPs from Assam will have to face the consequences of the land transfer continued…

http://usat.ly/1zdaX16FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
5 once-popular cars killed off with 'final editions'
More automakers are giving the long goodbye to models on the way out, offering up their last few cars out of the factory as "final editions." As Volkswagen is saying "adios" to the Eos sedan or Mercedes-Benz
Post to Facebook
5 once-popular cars killed off with 'final editions' More automakers are giving the long goodbye to models on the way out, offering up their last few cars out of the factory as "final editions." As Volkswagen is saying "adios" to the Eos sedan or Mercedes-Benz Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1rFLvT9
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
9
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
5 once-popular cars killed off with 'final editions'
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 12:15 p.m. EST December 1, 2014
Automakers are giving the final edition treatment to a number of car models, starting with the Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution. It's final edition comes next summer. Here's an Evo 6 near Manama, Bahrain, in this 2004 file photo, 
(Photo: ALI FRAIDOON, AP)
Toyota FJ Cruiser was a rugged offroad vehicle, and its now on the way out 
(Photo: Toyota)
A model stands beside the China premiere display of Mercedes-Benz SLS AMG car during  the Beijing Auto Show in 2010. It's been replaced. 
(Photo: Feng Li, Getty Images)
Cadillac CTS-V is taking a long bow goodbye, but a new one could be right behind it. 
(Photo: GM, Wieck)
Volkswagen Eos is a fun convertible that's on its way out 
(Photo: Volkswagen)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay
Qatar's Faisal al-Attiyah drives his Mitsubishi Lancer Evo 6 through the sand near Manama, Bahrain, in 2004
(Photo: ALI FRAIDOON, AP)
287 CONNECT 41 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
LOS ANGELES -- Mitsubishi's Lancer Evolution remains one of the hottest-performing small cars on the market, but its heat hasn't extended to sales lately.
Mitsubishi officials said last week at the Los Angeles Auto Show that they're going to kill off the little Evo after the 2015 model year. But don't fret if you want one. It's one of the models from various makers celebrating their final years with long goodbyes designed to squeeze  a few more sales from nostalgic advocates.
They are usually classed as  "final editions."
Whether it's Volkswagen saying "adios" to the Eos hardtop convertible or Mercedes-Benz offering a "so long" to the AMG SLS brute, automakers are embracing a get-'em-before-they're-gone philosophy.
It's up to buyers to decide whether a model is, indeed, going away.
Mercedes turned right and created a new near-supercar, the Mercedes-AMG GT, to fill the void being left by the AMG SLS. Mazda sold out of 25th anniversary MX-5 Miatas earlier this year, but now has shown a shapely next-generation MX-5 Miata.
But often automakers just kill vehicle names outright and create for these a last, very public bow. Models on their last legs:
•Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution. The Evo will bow out next summer after a "special action model" is offered as a swan song. "It's a great 'halo" for for the brand, says  Don Swearingen, Mitsubishi's executive vice president in the U.S., of the Evo. "but at the end of the day, we only sell about 200 a month." Mitsu will move instead to hot-performing plug-in cars.
•Volkswagen Eos. The slope-backed steel droptop was a design marvel when it was introduced, but it has lagged on its high price. To make the Final Edition a "going out of business" deal at $39,985 including destination charges, VW has pounded on extras such as 18-inch allow wheels, backup camera and heated 12-way power seats.
"The decision to name the Eos 'Final Edition' was based on a desire to recognize the model for its unique content while celebrating the value it has brought to the VW lineup over the years," says spokesman Darryll Harrison. The naming protocol "has become a little bit of a tradition with some of our models."
•Mercedes-Benz AMG SLS. The supercar with nostalgic upward-opening "gullwing" doors became a favorite of car magazines as soon as it went on sale in 2010 because of its blistering performance and heritage.
The "Final Edition" made its debut at the auto shows last year, and the final run is limited to 350 units globally. A few remain "but are basically sold out," says Mercedes spokesman Christian Bokich.
As high-impact supercars go, though, it's being looked upon as a success. "The SLS definitely has a key place in automotive history and has gracefully exited the marketplace," he says.
•Toyota FJ Cruiser. Toyota says it built 2,500 of what it called the Trail Teams Ultimate Edition Cruiser as a swan song for the distinctive off-road vehicle.
The final FJ "pays tribute to the iconic Land Cruiser FJ40 of the 1960s, from which the FJ Cruiser draws its rugged DNA, inspiration and design," Toyota says.
"We created the Ultimate Edition to give the FJ a proper send off," says Sam Butto, a Toyota spokesman.
•Cadillac CTS-V Coupe. Cadillac said it would build 500 "limited edition" CTS-V performance cars based on the last-generation CTS for a 2015 model year even though a new V-Series is on its way for 2016.
Cadillac says the outgoing model is a way of celebrating the characteristics that defined the 2010 to 2014 models -- a 556-horsepower supercharged V-8 engine, Brembo brakes and magnetic-ride control.
But it is only a "stepping stone" to the next generation, Cadillac says.
287 CONNECT 41 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1rFLvT9
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer still on the run | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Stay overweight on cyclials hereon: Dalton Capital02:30 pm
The market today saw a lot of triggers from the RBI policy as well as the hike in excise duty on diesel and petrol. In an interview to CNBC-TV18, UR Bhat, Managing Director of Dalton Capital Advisors shared his outlook on various stock specific bets and where the market is headed hereon.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: Were you disappointed the he didn’t cut interest rates and are you disappointed that the government has hiked excise rates on petrol and diesel?
A: Not really, both are on expected lines. At least the cut didn’t come about; that I think was very largely expected considering what he has been doing, what he has been articulating for quite some time now.
This is sheer opportunism, the government increasing excise duties every month or as it were profiting from softening of crude oil prices. However, that is par for the course; he has to meet those 4.1 percent targets so whatever is possible he has to do it.
Q: On one hand, we have heard the government call for lower interest rates saying inflation has come down. On the other hand, one of the key inflation triggers which is crude oil prices is softening and you are not fully keen to pass on the full benefit of it to consumers. So, you are speaking in two tongues there because you are saying inflation is coming down, crude is on a southward journey, this is a good time to cut rates but we won’t pass on the full benefit of lower crude prices to you because we have got our fiscal deficit math all wrong.
A: Absolutely but the point is that as long as from the base it doesn’t go up it is alright as far as inflation is concerned. It doesn’t have to come down. So, he is making use of that because it is inflation neutral if he doesn’t increase oil prices. However, if he reduces it is going to be advantageous but he has to help himself.
Q: What did you make of Rajan’s toning down of his inflation expectations? That is what is keeping the markets from really going down today?
A: He is just reading the data right. The data points towards that direction and therefore he is just articulating those thoughts, which have encouraged him to bring down the inflation target 6 percent by March 2015 itself instead of a year hence. So that is the way things are going. Of course he has guarded himself by saying that the base effect might kick in by December 2014 when inflation might actually tone up a bit but as long as it is below 6 percent it should be par for the course, he will continue with these thoughts as of today.
Q: What would you count as some of the key triggers between now and the Budget that is really typically always the big trigger for markets, will these triggers move the markets higher or should we prepare for some degree of correction?
A: There are no big triggers; the next big important economic event is the Budget. Before that, you have some legislative progress.
Q: But none of it is going to be with any degree of finality. These are just baby steps towards the ultimate outcome.
A: Yes I think building some consensus on these legislative proposals that would probably energise the market a bit. Otherwise, I think the market might – because there are almost three months now till the budget so for three months the market that has gone up by about 42 percent from February, sustaining that is very difficult. So I think it will either consolidate at these levels or there might even be mild correction because people are sitting on lots of profits so therefore they might not wait for three months to increase the profit, they might as well book some profit and wait for the next turn.
Q: What do you mean by mild correction?
A: Mild correction maybe few percentage points, 3-4 percentage points; that is possible but nothing much more than that.
Q: Will that warrant a move back to defensives or do you think not necessary?
A: Not necessarily because it could as well be a time correction as discussed. So, it may just consolidate at these levels unless there is some negative sort of news from abroad from what happens in Europe or the Middle East or whatever. However, otherwise it should be around these levels with a slight downward bias for the next one month at least.
Q: What is the portfolio design that you are recommending at this point in time?
A: Overweight on cyclicals is the way to go because that is where the big delta could come with some important announcements in the Budget or at least economic policy statements if not the actual Budget numbers. So, that is where one needs to be. If you are investing for the long-term that is where the biggest impact of changes in policy might show up. So, that is where one should be.
Q: You are not scared by the fact that we have as yet seen very little progress on ground which I am not blaming any government for because these are sticky situations to get out of?
A: Some incremental changes are there. They are all issues that never had quick fix solutions. However, they are making the right effort and the market is prepared to give them some more time to address these issues but Budget is sort of the upside limit; they have to do something by then.
Q: Within cyclicals what do you like the most, are there any kind of industrial specifics that you like?
A: I think engineering, private sector banks, autos these are the ones, which probably will have the best impact when the policy changes occur.
Q: You are not betting on pharma, IT as a currency bet between now and let us say the next few months?
A: Pharma has done very well. I don’t know whether there is a huge amount of incremental gain to be made out of that. However, IT has been a steady performer. If the outlook on the rupee is continuing to be one of depreciation IT can do very well because especially their biggest market US is doing very well, the GDP numbers have been extremely good plus also the US dollar is gaining its strength vis-à-vis other currencies. So, therefore it might even have a very good run against the rupee also. So, therefore all these are pointers to towards better IT performance. So, one needs to be neutral to mildly positive on IT.
Q: How do you play the midcaps because everybody now wants the next big multi bagger idea? Is the story over for sometime or do you think there are quality companies out there, which can be relative bargains?
A: There certainly would be but they are somewhat illiquid so therefore it is not really for institutional investors. But quite a lot of hope is there already built on to the midcaps because they have had a phenomenal run. So unless there is further action because there is lot of earnings growth that is built into these models now. So I think earnings growth has not come about till the September quarter results. One really has to see some progress in terms of earnings growth, some progress in terms of gaining market share. Without that I don’t know if it can really perform very well from here.
Midcaps like Motherson Sumi, Bharat Forge, Eicher Motors have done very well, people are sitting on lots of profits there, they are happy with that and if there is going to be a big move in the market next you can as well be in the large caps and get the right sectors.
RELATED NEWS

Ind-As: Will it become a reality or get deferredDec 03, 2014, 11.38 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ind-As: Will it become a reality or get deferred?
The recently issued Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013 on depreciation and its emphasis on useful life, surely created ripples and hectic efforts in the Q1 of 2014-15
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ind-As: Will it become a reality or get deferred?
The recently issued Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013 on depreciation and its emphasis on useful life, surely created ripples and hectic efforts in the Q1 of 2014-15
Post your opinion here
 
By Sunder V Iyer
The Budget speech by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has surely got the attention back on Ind-AS. Ind-AS, is the acronym for the Indian Accounting Standards converged with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and proposed to be made mandatory for both listed companies and unlisted companies, with a net worth exceeding Rs. 500 crore from the financial year 2016-17.
The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) had recently stated that it aims to finalise the standards and will send it for notification by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, such that these can be notified and released for use by December 2014.
November 17th was the last date for public comment on exposure draft of the Ind-AS. While the pace has been set, a doubt seems to be lingering: Will Ind-AS become a reality or would it get deferred like last time?
Having worked in this area as a practitioner, I just wanted to share some developments that have happened since the failed attempt of Ind-AS in 2011. These are very substantial yet silent developments.
1. Introduction of Revised Schedule VI has pushed the look and feel of financial statements closer to Ind-AS/IFRS. The classification of assets and liabilities into current and non-current was feared to impact the way banks viewed the ratios and covenants, but the reactions haven’t been that sharp.
2. The recently issued Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013 on depreciation and its emphasis on useful life, conspicuous absence of written down value rates, introduction of the new concept of ‘Component’isation of fixed assets, surely created ripples and hectic efforts in the Q1 of 2014-15, but has also brought us closer to the concepts in IFRS.
3. Many companies in India are already using the principles of derivative and hedge accounting from Accounting Standards 30, which is almost a replica of IAS 39 – Financial Instruments Measurement, its equivalent standard in IFRS. In fact, many companies have even implemented the next level of sophistication by designating ‘net investment’ hedges using non-derivatives etc. This is by far one of the most sophisticated and technical sections of IFRS, so we are already familiar now!
4. SEBI has stated that in consultation with the Financial Reporting Review Board, a review committee of ICAI can force companies to restate their financial statements, in certain situations. The Companies Act 2013 also provides for such restatement in certain cases. Thus, the unthinkable, ‘restatement’ of previously issued financial statements is a reality and closer to IFRS!
5. The Companies Act 2013 has made it mandatory for preparation of consolidated financial statements for all companies whether or not they have a subsidiary. More significantly, if one takes a close look at the definition of ‘control’ under the Companies Act, 2013, the SEBI and FDI, it would bear very close resemblance with the definition under IFRS. While the definition in the current accounting standards continues to focus on more than 50% voting rights and/or majority representation on the board of directors, I think there is already a sense in the profession that the definition needs to be aligned, another step towards IFRS, if I may say.
In the years leading up to the date of implementation of Ind-AS in 2011, the presentation of financial statements and the depreciation were considered to be heavy lift items requiring lot of efforts. Both of these are out of way. It is also important is to realise that these have had impact on all companies and not restricted to companies with a net worth exceeding Rs. 500 crore.
The introduction of Tax Accounting Standards, which is in the offing, is another way of taking the tax impact of transitioning to IFRS out of equation.
This by no means is an attempt to state that there are no open items, infact there are quite a few important clarifications which are eagerly awaited. However, one thing is for certain, in terms of Ind-AS becoming a reality, the zor ka jhatka is already being introduced dheere se!
(The author is Partner - Price Waterhouse & Co. Views expressed are personal)
RELATED NEWS

JSW Steel puts West bengal plant worth $5.66 bn on holdJSW Steel puts Rs 35,000-crore West Bengal plant on hold
Zeba Siddiqui     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 18:51 IST
The steel plant in West Bengal is estimated to give an output of 10 million tonnes a year. (Photo for representation. Source: Reuters)
JSW Steel said on Tuesday it has "put on hold" building a steel plant in the eastern part of the country due to uncertainty in sourcing key raw materials such as iron ore and coal.
JSW Steel , which is the country's third-largest steelmaker , had planned to build a steel plant in West Bengal with an output of 10 million tonnes a year at an investment of Rs 35,000 crore ($5.66 billion).
The company cited a Supreme Court verdict in September that scrapped most coal extraction permits granted to companies over the last two decades, after ruling the allocation process as arbitrary and illegal.
"Besides iron ore linkage for this project, the recent cancellation of coal mining concessions has added further uncertainty," JSW said in a filing to the stock exchange.
In November, Jindal Steel and Power (JSPL) told Reuters it had shelved a US $10 billion coal-to-diesel project after the SC decision to scrap coal mines.
(Reuters)

Apology wont suffice  Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti must resign: OppositionmembersWritten by Liz Mathew , Shubhajit Roy | New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 6:24 pm | Updated: December 3, 2014 12:52 pm
With nowhere to hide after her ‘Ramzaadon-versus-haramzaadon’ remarks, the BJP on Tuesday forced Union Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti to apologise in both Houses of Parliament but a combined Opposition demanded her resignation and registration of a case over her highly offensive remarks at a BJP public meeting in Delhi.
While Lok Sabha later settled for the apology , Rajya Sabha had to be adjourned for the day with the Opposition refusing to relent, insisting on action against the minister. Proceedings in both Houses got off to a stormy start. In Lok Sabha, Opposition members ran into the well of the House, shouting “the minister should resign… the minister should apologise”. Congress MPs including Jyotiraditya Scindia, K C Venugopal, Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury and TMC members Kalyan Banerjee and Kakoli Ghosh Dastidar were among the first to enter the well. They were joined by MPs of the Samajwadi Party, Left parties and Aam Aadmi Party.
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi too rose from his seat and joined the protest. MPs waved copies of The Indian Express which reported Jyoti’s remarks — at a BJP public meeting in Delhi on Monday, the minister asked voters to choose between ‘Ramzadon’ (those born of Ram) and ‘haramzadon’ (illegitimately born). Even members of the treasury benches were seen reading the newspaper.
Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge, whose adjournment notices on the issue were rejected by Speaker Sumitra Mahajan, said the “objectionable” language used by Jyoti had created tension at a time when communal riots had taken place. While rejecting the adjournment notices, the Speaker said the matter was “important but does not warrant interruption of proceedings”. Mahajan said members could raise the matter during Zero Hour but this did not satisfy Opposition MPs who also demanded an apology from the Prime Minister.
Proceedings had to be adjourned for 15 minutes. When Lok Sabha met again, Jyoti said: “My intention was not to hurt anyone. If my speech outside the House has hurt anyone, I express my deep regrets and accept…” In Rajya Sabha, she said: “If certain words spoken by me outside the House have hurt someone, I take back my words and offer regret. However, if the House feels so, I am also ready to seek an apology.” But Opposition elders did not accept her regret and Rajya Sabha could not transact any business in view of repeated adjournments.
In Rajya Sabha, she said: “If certain words spoken by me outside the House have hurt someone, I take back my words and offer regret. However, if the House feels so, I am also ready to seek an apology.” But Opposition elders did not accept her regret and Rajya Sabha could not transact any business in view of repeated continued…

Lava unveils Iris Win1 Windows Phone 8.1 smartphone at Rs4 999By: Tech Desk | New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 5:55 pm | Updated: December 3, 2014 5:05 pm
A day after Celkon launched the cheapest smartphone running Windows Phone 8.1, Lava launched its Iris Win1 at a price of Rs 4,999. The Lava Iris Win1 will be available exclusively at Flipkart starting December 4.
The Lava Iris Win1 sports a 4-inch WVGA display and runs on a 1.2Ghz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon CPU and 1GB RAM. It comes with 8GB of internal storage that is expandable to 32GB.
The smartphone comes with a 5MP Auto Focus BSI+ sensor back camera with LED flash and 0.3 MP front camera and runs on Windows Phone 8.1 operating system. On the connectivity front, it supports dual SIM (3G+2G), Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS, USB connectivity and is powered by a 1950 mAh Li-Ion battery.
This device comes with a Flip Cover and screen guard inside the box along with other standard accessories like charger, earphone and USB cable.
Specs:
1.2Ghz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon CPU
Windows Phone 8.1 OS
8GB of internal storage that is expandable to 32GB
5MP AF rear camera and 0.3MP front camera
1950 mAh Li-Ion battery

Shiv Sena to get 12 ministries in Maharashtra BJP governmentShiv Sena to get 12 ministries in Maharashtra government?
PTI Dec 2, 2014, 06.25PM IST
Tags:
BJP
(According to the pact, Sena will…)
MUMBAI: A day after Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis said the talks with Shiv Sena over power sharing were 70-80 per cent complete, a senior Sena leader today said both the parties have "buried" their differences and agreed on a "suitable" formula.
According to the pact, Sena will be alloted a total of 12 ministries in the Fadnavis government , out of which 5 will be of Cabinet rank.
However, the formal announcement in this regard is likely to be delayed in the wake of demise of Congress veteran and former Maharashtra chief minister AR Antulay today.
"After discussing our alliance with the BJP over last few days, we have finally decided on a ministry-sharing formula (which is) agreeable to both parties," said a senior Sena leader whose name is reportedly in reckoning among Sena inductees in BJP government.
"We have decided (with BJP) that Shiv Sena will hold 5 cabinet portfolios in the state ministry and 7 Minister of State portfolios," he said. He said the expansion of the state cabinet, slated for Wednesday, may get deferred by a couple of days after Antulay's death.
"We have to follow the protocol after the sad demise of Congress leader A R Antulay. The expansion will be deferred by at least a couple of days now, and thus we will be formally announcing the names of Sena ministers only when the cabinet expansion date is announced," he said.
Another Sena leader said ministries to be allotted to his party include Industries, Environment, Health, MSRDC (Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation) and Transport or Excise.
This is viewed as a tactical climb-down by Sena from its earlier stand wherein it had staked the claim for the crucial posts of the deputy chief minister and home minister.
However, senior Sena leader Subhash Desai who had held talks with Fadnavis last night said that talks between BJP and Sena leaders will continue today.
"We discussed several things last night," he has said. A Sena leader had said last night that talks with BJP have almost reached a positive conclusion barring one ministry.
When contacted a senior BJP leader said the formula - allotting 5 Cabinet berths and 7 state ministries to Sena - is indeed thrashed out. "However discussions are still on," he said on condition of anonymity as he is not authorised to speak to media.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Iran hackers target airlines  energy  defen...cyber attacks
(The report comes as governments…)
BOSTON: Iranian hackers have infiltrated major airlines, energy companies, and defence firms around the globe over the past two years in a campaign that could eventually cause physical damage, according to US cyber security firm Cylance.
The report comes as governments scramble to better understand the extent of Iran's cyber capabilities, which researchers say have grown rapidly as Tehran seeks to retaliate for Western cyber attacks on its nuclear program.
"We believe that if the operation is left to continue unabated, it is only a matter of time before the team impacts the world's physical safety," Cylance said in an 87-page report on the hacking campaign released on Tuesday.
The California-based company said its researchers uncovered breaches affecting more than 50 entities in 16 countries, and had evidence they were committed by the same Tehran-based group that was behind a previously reported 2013 cyber attack on a US Navy network.
It did not identify the companies targeted, but said they included major aerospace firms, airports and airlines, universities, energy firms, hospitals, and telecommunications operators based in the United States, Israel, China, Saudi Arabia, India, Germany, France, England and others.
Cylance said it had evidence the hackers were Iranian, and added the scope and sophistication of the attacks suggested they had state backing.
A diplomatic representative for Iran said that Cylance's claim that that Tehran was behind the campaign was groundless.
"This is a baseless and unfounded allegation fabricated to tarnish the Iranian government image, particularly aimed at hampering current nuclear talks," said Hamid Babaei, spokesman for Iran's mission to the United Nations.
Reuters was unable to independently vet the research ahead of its publication. Cylance said it has reported the alleged hacking operation to some victims as well as to the US Federal Bureau of Investigation. An FBI spokesman declined comment.
Cylance's research provides a new example of how governments may be using cyber technology as a tool for spying and staging attacks on rival states.
Russian and Chinese hackers have been blamed for a variety of corporate and government cyber attacks, while the United States and Israel are believed to have used a computer worm to slow development of Iran's nuclear program.
Tehran has been investing heavily in its cyber capabilities since 2010, when its nuclear program was hit by the Stuxnet computer virus, widely believed to have been launched by the United States and Israel. Iran has said its nuclear program is intended for the production of civilian electricity, and denies Western accusations it is seeking to build a nuclear bomb.
Cylance Chief Executive Stuart McClure said the Iranian hacking group has so far focused its campaign - dubbed Operation Cleaver - on intelligence gathering, but that it likely has the ability to launch attacks.
He said researchers who succeeded in gaining access to some of the hackers' infrastructure found massive databases of user credentials and passwords from organizations including energy, transportation, and aerospace companies, as well as universities. He said they also found diagrams of energy plants, screen shots demonstrating control of the security system for a major Middle Eastern energy company, and encryption keys for a major Asian airline.
"If they already have that access, the ability to get access to do real damage is trivial," he said.
In 2012, cyber attackers damaged some 30,000 computers at Saudi Arabia's national oil company with a virus known as Shamoon, in one of the most destructive such strikes conducted against a single business. Some US officials have said they believe Iran was behind that attack.
  Cylance said its researchers also obtained hundreds of files apparently stolen by the Iranian group from the US Navy's Marine Corps Intranet (NMCI). US government sources had confirmed that Iran was behind the 2013 NMCI breach, but did not provide further details.
A US defense official said on Monday it took about four months to "maneuver the (NMCI) network" to ensure that it was free of intruders. The official said that while the incident was officially characterized as a "serious intrusion," no networks were damaged as a result of the breach.
Cylance said that among the companies targeted in Operation Cleaver, 10 were US-based. They included a major airline, natural gas production firm, an automaker, and large defense contractor.
Cylance's report is the latest to show evidence of Iranian hacking of US interests. Cyber security firm FireEye Inc
in May said that an Iranian hacking group called the Ajax Security Team was behind an ongoing series of attacks on US defense companies.
The cyber intelligence firm iSight Partners also reported in May that it had uncovered an unprecedented, three-year campaign in which Iranian hackers had created false social networking accounts and a bogus news website to spy on leaders in the United States, Israel and other countries.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Auction will sound death-knell for mining in...Auction
(Auctioning of mines as proposed…)
NEW DELHI: Auctioning of mines as proposed in the draft MMDR Bill will sound the death knell of the mining industry and it may lead to cartelisation and waste , FIMI has complained to Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The Federation of Indian Mineral Industries in a letter to the Prime Minister also alleged that framers of the draft Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) (Amendment) Bill, 2004, which has been placed on the Mines Ministry's website for comments, are "not aware" of the state of affairs in the mining industry.
"The auction route for the future development of mineral resources as proposed in the Amendment Bill will sound death-knell of the mining industry," FIMI said.
Contending that the auction route was not pursued in any resource-rich country which follows the time-tested principle of first-cum-first-served, FIMI said no country in the world takes recourse to the route as it may result in cartelisation and monopolistic practices.
The auction route may also lead to selective mining while leaving low grade minerals in the ground, wastage of resources and inflate the cost of final product making it uncompetitive vis-a-vis imports.
Aimed at improving transparency in allocation of mineral resources, government has sought to amend existing Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act, 1957 to introduce competitive bidding through the auction route for iron ore and other minerals.
"We feel those who have framed the Amendment Bill are not aware of the state of affairs of recourse/mining industry and how it operates world over. Otherwise such an amendment Bill could never have been drafted or even conceptualised," FIMI said.
Stating that the framers seem to assume that the country possesses rare minerals not available or produced anywhere in the world, it said ground reality was "entirely different" and what India produced today were abundant throughout the world.
"...what in fact we should have aimed is to search those resources of which there is a scarcity in the country and for which we depend on imports although their geological prospectivity is quite promising," FIMI said.
The framers also seemed to be unaware of capital-scarcity throughout the world and if investment in the Indian resource industry was not attractive enough compared to other countries such as Australia and South America, foreign investors would simply divert to those countries which offer better terms and opportunities, it said.
"We would like to reiterate that if this Amendment Bill is introduced and passed by Parliament in the present form, it will be the end of the development of mineral resource in the country," FIMI said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

HIV losing its edge  evolving into milder fo...One of the world's most feared virus is losing its edge. HIV is evolving to become less deadly and less infectious, according to a major scientific study led by British scientists.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: One of the world's most feared virus is losing its edge. HIV is evolving to become less deadly and less infectious, according to a major scientific study led by British scientists .
The team at the University of Oxford has shown that it was taking longer for HIV infection to cause AIDS.
The rapid evolution of HIV, which has allowed the virus to develop resistance to patients' natural immunity is at the same time slowing the virus's ability to cause AIDS.
The study also indicates that people infected by HIV are likely to progress to AIDS more slowly — in other words the virus becomes less virulent — because of widespread access to antiretroviral therapy (ART). Both processes make an important contribution to the overall goal of the control and eradication of the HIV epidemic.
Scientists said: "Twenty years ago the time to AIDS was 10 years, but in the last 10 years in Botswana that might have increased to 12.5 years. One might imagine as time extends this could stretch further and further and in the future people being asymptomatic for decades."
In 2013, there were a total of 35 million people living with HIV worldwide according to the World Health Organization.
The study was led by researchers at the University of Oxford, along with scientists from South Africa, Canada, Tokyo, Harvard University and Microsoft Research.
Lead scientist Professor Phillip Goulder from the University of Oxford, said: "This research highlights the fact that HIV adaptation to the most effective immune responses we can make against it comes at a significant cost to its ability to replicate. Anything we can do to increase the pressure on HIV in this way may allow scientists to reduce the destructive power of HIV over time."
The research was carried out in Botswana and South Africa, two countries that have been worst affected by the HIV epidemic. Across those countries, researchers enrolled over 2000 women with chronic HIV infection to take part in the study.
The first part of the study looked at whether the interaction between the body's natural immune response and HIV leads to the virus becoming less virulent.
Central to this investigation are proteins in our blood called the human leukocyte antigens (HLA), which enable the immune system to differentiate between the human body's proteins and the proteins of pathogens. People with a gene that expresses a particular HLA protein called HLA-B57, are known to benefit from a protective effect to HIV.
Infected patients with the HLA-B57 gene progress more slowly than usual to AIDS.
This study showed that in Botswana, where HIV has evolved to adapt to HLA-B57 more than in South Africa, patients no longer benefit from this gene's protective effect.
However, the team's data show that the cost of this adaptation to HIV is that its ability to replicate is significantly reduced, therefore making the virus less virulent.
The authors show that viral adaptation to protective gene variants, such as HLA-B57, is driving down the virulence of transmitted HIV and is thereby contributing to HIV elimination.
In the second part of the study the authors examined the impact of ART on HIV virulence. They developed a mathematical model, which concluded that selective treatment of people with low CD4 counts will accelerate the evolution of HIV variants with a weaker ability to replicate.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Taiwan develops new missiles to counter Chin...You are here: Home > Collections > Taiwan
Taiwan develops new missiles to counter China's threat
AFP Dec 2, 2014, 06.12PM IST
Tags:
Beijing
(Taiwan split from China…)
LUNGTAN, TAIWAN: Taiwan arms developers said Tuesday that new surface-to-air missiles would defend its airspace for "up to 20 years" as it aims to update weaponry to counter a perceived military threat from China.
Production of the Tienkung III (Sky Bow III), the most advanced model in a line of locally-developed air defence missiles, is slated to last from 2015 until 2024.
Parliament recently approved the budget for the Tw$74.8 billion ($2.5 billion) project.
"The missile is capable of intercepting short-range ballistic missiles, cruise missiles and fighter jets," a senior official in charge of the missile project at Chung-Shan Institute of Science and Technology, the island's arms development hub, told AFP.
"Together with US-made Patriot missiles, Tienkung III system will guard Taiwan's airspace in the next 15 to 20 years," said the official, surnamed Huang.
The institute also released a video to reporters visiting the tightly-guarded compound in northern Taiwan.
In the short film two Tienkung III missiles were fired from vertical launchers at the Chiupeng air base, soaring into the sky and destroying targets.
Huang declined to give specifications of the new missile, aimed at replacing the ageing US-made Hawk missiles -- but media speculated that Tienkung III has a range of up to 200 kilometres (124 miles).
The project is part of the island's efforts to build an air defence shield against any Chinese attacks.
According to Taiwan's defence ministry, China has more than 1,500 ballistic and cruise missiles trained on the island.
Taiwan split from China in 1949 after a civil war, but China sees it as part of its territory awaiting reunification -- by force if necessary.
Ties between China and Taiwan have improved markedly since Beijing-friendly President Ma Ying-jeou took office in 2008 and strengthened trade and other links, but fears of a Chinese invasion remain.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Excise duty on petrol raised; no impact on r...You are here: Home > Collections
Excise duty on petrol, diesel raised; to have no impact on retail prices
ET Bureau Dec 3, 2014, 01.14AM IST
Tags:
Crude oil
(Consumers have already…)
NEW DELHI: The government has raised the excise duty on petrol byRs 2.25 per litre and diesel by Rs 1 per litre without raising retail prices, the second such move in three weeks that will split the benefit of the steep fall in crude oil prices between consumers and the exchequer.
Consumers have already gained with a 11% fall in petrol prices and 8% cut in diesel in recent months as crude oil entered a bear market and plunged about 37% since June.
For the government, it means additional revenue of Rs 10,000 crore in the current fiscal year, which will help meet India's fiscal deficit target of 4.1% of gross domestic product. This includes Rs 4,000 crore from Tuesday's tax increase and balance from higher tax of Rs 1.50 per litre on both the fuels announced last month.
The steep fall in oil prices is a blessing for the Narendra Modi government as analysts say that meeting the country's fiscal deficit target would be a challenge because it had touched 89.6% of fullyear estimate in only seven months of the fiscal.
The government's finances have been stretched because of subdued tax revenue and delayed disinvestment. Tax revenue was only 37.7% of the budget target at the end of last month because of weak indirect tax collections.
The government could raise excise duties on transport fuel without raising prices because petrol and diesel were being sold at a price higher than the market rate despite the December 1 decision to slash pump prices of petrol by 91 paise a litre and diesel by 84 paise per litre.
Pump dealers said retail price reductions were not commensurate with falling international crude oil prices despite seven consecutive price cut in petrol since August and three in diesel rates.
Although global crude oil prices fell by about 40% since June this year, but refiners have slashed market-priced LPG rates by 17%, aviation turbine fuel (ATF) 14%, petrol by 11% and diesel by 8%, dealers said.
Brent crude fell to $72 per barrel from $115 in June this year. Oil industry executives say that the international price of refined products often takes time to adjust to the fall in crude oil prices.
A senior industry executive said state oil companies are taking hit and not raising petrol and diesel prices despite the excise duty hike.
Falling international oil prices have also helped the government in substantially reducing state oil firms' estimated revenue losses to about Rs 80,000 crore in the current financial year compared to Rs 1,39,869 crore actually incurred in 2013-14 for selling diesel, kerosene and cooking gas below market rate.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Monte Carlo IPO may attract investor interest: Way2WealthLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Monte Carlo IPO may attract investor interest: Way2Wealth
Factors such as strong brand value & distribution network, its diversification in non woolen segments and healthy balance sheet along with the recent good performance of share price of other textile companies in the secondary market, we think Monte Carlo may attract investor interest. Hence we recommend subscribe to this issue, says Way2Wealth.
Post your opinion here
 
Monte Carlo Fashions (MCFL) IPO note by Way2Wealth
Monte Carlo Fashions (MCFL) is one of the leading apparel brands in India which primarily caters to the premium and mid-premium branded apparel segment for men, women and kids. The Company offers a comprehensive line of woollen, cotton and cotton-blended knitted and woven apparel and home furnishings through its ‘Monte Carlo Exclusive Brand Outlets’ and MBOs, including a network of national chain stores under the ‘Monte Carlo’ brand.
Objects of the issue: The objects of the offer are to achieve the benefits of listing the equity shares on the stock exchanges. The company will not receive any proceeds of the offer and all the proceeds will go to the Selling Shareholders.
Outlook & Valuations: At the offer price bands, the issue is available at P/E of 24.8x-25.3x its FY14 EPS of Rs 25.4. With factors such as strong brand value & distribution network, its diversification in non woolen segments and healthy balance sheet along with the recent good performance of share price of other textile companies in the secondary market, we think it may attract investor interest. Hence we recommend subscribe to this issue.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
 
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

India France agree to resolve issues; to fast-rack Rafale dealIndia France agree to resolve issues; to fast-rack Rafale deal
EU says new energy sources crucial after South StreamEU says new energy sources crucial after South Stream
Taiwan develops new missiles to counter China s threatTaiwan develops new missiles to counter China s threat
President of India condoles the passing away of Shri A. R. AntulayPresident of India condoles the passing away of Shri A. R. Antulay
Andhra earns Rs.1 000 crore from e-auction of red sandersAndhra earns Rs.1 000 crore from e-auction of red sanders
Lone s meeting with PM shows new line of thinking: SupportersLone s meeting with PM shows new line of thinking: Supporters
More trouble for Mallya as UB declared wilful defaulterHi Guest
More trouble for Mallya as UB declared wilful defaulter
In fresh trouble for liquor baron Vijay Mallya, United Bank of India has identified United Breweries Holdings, the guarantor of grounded airline Kingfisher, as wilful defaulter. The bank has already declared Kingfisher Airlines and its four directors, including Mallya, as wilful defaulters. "We have identified United Breweries (UB) Holdings as wilful defaulter because company had the resources to repay the loan as guarantor of Kingfisher Airlines," United Bank of India (UBI) Executive ...

Graft inquiries overshadow Portugal pollCorruption inquiries loom large over Portugal general election
Peter Wise in Lisbon
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c5b38030-7976-11e4-9e81-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Happy Thanksgiving: Gas Prices Slide to 4-Year Lowhappy thanksgiving: gas prices slide to 4-year low
Govt ban on sale of loose cigarettesSave this video
Copy URL
The govt imposed a ban on the sale of loose cigarettes. As per an estimate over 70% of the cigerettes sold in India are not in packs. Watch out for more information.
156

Rupee down 22 paise against dollarUpdated: December 1, 2014 10:00 IST
Rupee down 22 paise against dollar
PTI
The rupee lost 22 paise to trade at a fresh nine-month low of 62.25 against the US dollar in early trade today at the Interbank Foreign Exchange due to rise in the greenback’s value against other currencies overseas.
Dealers attributed the fall in rupee to dollar’s gains against the euro and yen overseas.
However, a higher opening in the domestic stock market limited the fall of the domestic currency.
The rupee had tumbled 16 paise to close at almost a nine—month low of 62.03 against the dollar on Friday following sustained dollar demand from importers, including oil firms.
Meanwhile, a sluggish agriculture and manufacturing sector performance restricted the GDP growth rate at 5.3 per cent in the second quarter, raising the clamour for a rate cut by the RBI in its policy due tomorrow.

Thin mints soon a click away as Girl Scout cookies go onlineThin mints soon a click away as Girl Scout cookies go online
Thin mints soon a click away as Girl Scout cookies go online
Girl Scouts has announced it will allow customers to order cookies online in January 2015.
Girl Scouts has announced it will allow customers to order cookies online in January 2015.

Oil rallies as weak data weigh on stocksOil rallies as weak data weigh on stocks
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/406fb88c-790b-11e4-b518-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nip  tuck  click: Demand for U.S. plastic surgery rises in selfie era0
Comedian Ellen DeGeneres posted a selfie with Hollywood A-listers at the Academy Awards on Twitter that became the most retweeted of all time. When Danish Prime Minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt's snapped a selfie with President Barack Obama and British Prime Minister David Cameron at Nelson Mandela's memorial service it caused a media sensation.
For mere mortals, going under the scalpel to create a better selfie may not seem so extreme.
Plastic surgeons in United States have seen a surge in demand for procedures ranging from eye-lid lifts to rhinoplasty, popularly known as a nose job, from patients seeking to improve their image in selfies and on social media.
A poll by the American Academy of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery (AAFPRS) of 2,700 of its members showed that one in three had seen an increase in requests for procedures due to patients being more aware of their image in social media. They noted a 10 percent rise in rhinoplasty in 2013 over 2012, a 7 percent jump in hair transplants and 6 percent increase in eyelid surgery.
"There has been a 25 percent increase over the past year and a half to two years. That is very significant," Dr. Sam Rizk, a plastic surgeon, said about his Manhattan practice.
"They come in with their iPhones and show me pictures," Rizk, 47, added. "Selfies are just getting to be so crazy.
BOOMING BUSINESS IN SELFIE ECONOMY
Rizk, who specializes in rhinoplasty, said not everyone who requests surgery needs it because a selfie produces a distorted image that does not represent how a person really looks.
"We all will have something wrong with us on a selfie image," he explained. "I refuse a significant proportion of patients with selfies because I believe it is not a real image of what they actually look like in person."
Some patients get upset when Rizk tells them surgery is not necessary, and he knows they will simply go to another surgeon.
"Too many selfies indicate a self obsession and a certain level of insecurity that most teenagers have. It just makes it worse," he said. "Now they can see themselves in 100 images a day on Facebook and Instagram."
New York make-up artist Ramy Gafni, who has worked with clients on selfies and online dating profile photos, suggests using clean makeup, well-defined eyebrows and a bit color on the lips to produce the best selfies.
"You want to enhance your features, perfect your features but not necessarily change your features into something they are not," he said.
Dan Ackerman, senior editor with CNET which tests and reviews products, said the Internet is full of tips and advice on selfies.
"There are apps that apply filters to your face that smooth out wrinkles ... or put artificial makeup.... There is a sub economy of tools and advice that have built up around this," he added.
(Editing by Cynthia Osterman)

Reed Hastings Is an Optimistreddit
Netflix CEO Reed Hastings has predicted the death of broadcasting .  He pegged it to 2030 -- 16 years from now.
Specifically he said, "The age of broadcast TV will probably last until 2030."  That may come as a relief to many of today's broadcast executives who will be well into retirement by then.  It's not their problem.
Well, I don't know what Hastings means by "the age of broadcasting," but if he is giving TV stations another 16 years, his outlook is downright rosy.
Broadcast ratings have been in a steep decline for more than a decade.  It's so bad that one prominent media executive described the 2013-2014 season as " relatively good ," because ratings were only down four percent to five percent. He expects ratings for the current season to return to the declines of past years -- six percent to seven percent.
There are lots of reasons behind this ratings skid -- increased DVR use, more online streaming, ratings systems that don't count viewing on tablets or phones -- but the trends are inescapable and the impact on television stations is severe.
Network ratings declines mean station ratings declines.  But networks have options that stations don't, and that's a big part of the problem.
Stations rely on network programming to bring audiences to local programs and newscasts.  When you stream The Good Wife, your local CBS station has lost you.  You don't see the ads they sell to local business, you don't see promotions for their other shows and you aren't on their channel at 11 p.m. when their news starts.
And it's about to get much worse.
The problem is that in order to maintain their bottom lines, networks do things that aren't in the best interest of their affiliates.
Networks make shows and air them on their system of stations, of course, but audiences are increasingly using streaming services like Netflix and Amazon.  They aren't watching broadcast television as much as they used to.  As a result, shows don't get the ratings and ad revenues the networks are used to, so they sell those same shows to Netflix or Amazon to offset the drop in ad income.  When shows go online so do viewers, further reducing ratings and ad revenue and making networks even more reliant on sales to Netflix and Amazon... and on and on.
Why don't networks end this cycle and stop selling their shows to these streaming upstarts?  Simple -- income from Netflix and Amazon has become so large, earnings projections and executive bonuses are based on them.
Even CBS's Les Moonves, one of the most successful broadcast leaders in history, has said he's proud that his company relies less and less on advertising .  If revenue isn't coming from ads running on TV stations, where is it coming from?  Agreements with cable companies and sales to outlets like Netflix and Amazon.
And soon, from viewers like you and me.
CBS just introduced its own app that lets anyone pay a monthly fee to watch the network online.  For the first time, a network can reach viewers directly -- no television station or cable company necessary.  CBS is including television stations in their CBS All Access app for now, but involving stations is a business decision, not the physical necessity that it once was.  Business decisions can change.
How does this end?
Studios and networks sell shows directly to consumers and to Netflix and Amazon.  What's the point of supporting a network of stations when the big money comes from a few sales to these online giants and an app or two?
When does it end?  Much sooner than 2030.
As viewers rely less on stations for network programming, stations lose the leverage they wield to extract fees from the cable companies that carry their channels.  These fees offset advertising declines for stations, but when stations are no longer essential to the delivery of primetime programming, cable companies will be less likely to pay them.  Large revenue declines follow.
And as if the news for stations weren't bad enough, they've been fighting to keep their broadcast spectrum.  Their antennas reach fewer and fewer people, so wireless companies have had their eye on that broadcast bandwidth for a while now, and in early 2016 the FCC plans to conduct an auction allowing TV stations to sell some or all of their bandwidth.
A few stations may decide it's just not worth it anymore.  They may sell their spectrum and close their doors (and give speculators a nice return on their investment ).  Others may decide they can do without the extra audiences their antennas reach, cash in on their spectrum and get by just fine with cable, satellite and online distribution.
But station owners who want to prove Reed Hastings wrong, even to triumph over their current (and coming) hardships, need to start making significant changes to the way they see their business:
They must start by thinking of themselves as local media companies, not just vehicles for network programming and local news.
They must get online with their own apps and streaming programming so they can follow their audiences online and serve them on the devices they choose.
And they must create a robust, local, digital ad business so they can continue to earn the ad dollars that -- increasingly -- are being diverted from television.
Television stations still have enormous promotional muscle, and this more than anything makes it possible for them to launch and build new features that position them for the future.  But this promotional reach fades as ratings slide, so the time to act is now.
Yes, there is work to be done, conceptual and contractual.  But if station owners don't get moving, Hastings' 15 years will start to look more like five.  And since that's well within the retirement horizon of many of today's broadcasters, this is their problem.
Follow Jim Monroe on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jmonroeca
More:

How to Motivate Your Team and Win Raving Customersreddit
This week, we begin a new series featuring another group of businesses who make money by making a positive difference.  These businesses are committed to growing their profits by positively impacting their customers and making the world a better place.  These Conscious Entrepreneurs know that their mission and service is the key to being successful, attracting the best employees, and inspiring legions of raving fans as customers.
The first step in this conscious business model is to define the specific difference -- the positive value -  your company contributes and write a "good story" around that.  Sharing that story is crucial to motivating employees and growing devoted customers who are loyal fans of the product or service your business provides.
The Importance of Telling Good Stories in Business
In a recent article by Paul J. Zak in Harvard Business Review (October 28, 2014, https://hbr.org/2014/10/why-your-brain-loves-good-storytelling ) we learn why telling good stories is so crucial for business success.  According to Zak, a well-told story stimulates the release of the neurotransmitter "oxytocin" in the human brain, which leads to positive feelings and cooperative behavior.  This affects your business in a number of powerful ways.
First, whether you are making a presentation to your co-workers, employees, or customers, a well-told story will engage them emotionally and enhance the uptake of whatever information you want to communicate.  Even more importantly, a well-told story engages the "why" that motivates action and "buy-in" or "buying" behavior.
In a business, stories answer the question, "Why should I care about this product or service?"  Stories are motivating for both employees and customers.  They tell why your business is relevant and unique, how your business will help solve a problem or uplift your customer in a way that matters to them.
Zak says, "We know that people are substantially more motivated by their organization's transcendent purpose (how a business improves lives) than by its transactional purpose (how it sells goods and services).  Transcendent purpose is effectively communicated through stories - for example, by describing the pitiable situations of actual, named customers and how their problems were solved by your efforts."
Your Company's Founding Myth
Another powerful story to tell your employees and your customers is your company's "Founding Myth."  A Founding Myth describes the passion and purpose that led the founder to risk everything to start the enterprise.  It shows the need, issue, or problem that the business solved and the emotional drive and hard work of the founders to bring forth that solution.
The Founding Myth is the insider's story for why they choose to build the business and their larger vision of what they want to achieve - the change they want to make, the way in which they help customers, and how the world will be better because of their efforts.
As Zak says, "These are the stories that, repeated over and over, stay core to the organization's DNA. They provide guidance for daily decision-making as well as the motivation that comes with the conviction that the organization's work must go on, and needs everyone's full engagement to make a difference in people's lives."
What is your company's "founding myth?"
What stories can you tell about how your product or service is changing lives for the better?
The Living Christmas Company
With the importance of good stories in mind, and in the spirit of the upcoming holidays, our featured business this week is The Living Christmas Company.  The week of Veteran's Day, I saw the founder interviewed on "Shark Tank," describing how he was committed to hiring veterans.  This peaked my interest and prompted me to visit the company website where I learned the story of his company and the good work they are doing.
Here's the story of The Living Christmas Company and their leader, the man in the Santa Claus hat, Scott Martin:
"Lead Christmas Caroler and TLCCo Founder, 'Scotty Claus' is the instigator of the company's silly hat policy and keeper of the TLCCo vision. His dream is for every Californian to meld the magic of their fondest Christmas memories with the new tradition of a Living Christmas tree. He hopes that celebrating a Living Christmas will help to bridge the connection between the joy of the Christmas celebration and our responsibility to the environment." (Source: http://www.livingchristmas.com/our-story/ )
Martin came to this vision while delivering Christmas trees for Bob's Nursery in Manhattan Beach, California.  Easily recognizable in his Santa's hat and gleefully singing Christmas Carols as he made his rounds, Martin had a knack for bringing Christmas joy with every Christmas tree delivery.  He loved the feeling of magic and merriment that arrived each time he brought a tree into someone's home.
He was also deeply saddened when he saw the dried-out trees lying on the curb just a few weeks later.  Martin had worked at nurseries his whole life, since the age of 15.  He knew that there must be a better way to celebrate the holidays--one which was truly eco-friendly.  Christmas was supposed to be about hope, joy, and new life.  What better way to do this than with a living tree!
So, in the spring of 2008, Scott Martin founded The Living Christmas Company.  Their mission is to provide an eco-friendly and convenient solution to the Christmas tree tradition by delivering living trees for rent to customer's homes or businesses.  After the holidays, they pick up the trees and return them to the nursery.
Customers can browse online through a selection of five locally-grown varieties, including Monterrey Pine, Aleppo Pine, Little Sequoia, Leylandi Cypress, and Blue Cedar--all of which tolerate the transitions inside and outside well.  The Living Christmas Company also offers eco-friendly and Fair Trade ornaments and decorations including energy-efficient LED lights, fair trade tree skits and ornaments from local artisans.
The Living Christmas Company trees are grown in urban settings, which helps to reduce pollution.  When their trees grow too large to live in portable containers, they become part of the Urban Reforestation Project, earning Carbon Tax Credits and increasing property values while battling global warming, improving air quality and storm water run-off.  They also work with local charities to donate tree rentals to those who cannot afford them.
The Living Christmas Company is a very well thought-out, socially-responsible business.  They have a simple, yet powerful story.  It is a story that I would "buy into" as a customer and be excited to participate in as an employee.
I would love to hear about other conscious companies with great stories to tell in our Discussion below. Thanks and have a great start to your holiday season.
--
Follow J V Crum III on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jvcrum
Connect on LinkedIN: www.linkedin.com/in/jvcrum/
J V Crum III is the founder of ConsciousMillionaire.com ; as a business coach, speaker, and podcaster, he is sought after for his unique ability to help conscious entrepreneurs get their voice out there, make a positive impact, and ramp up profits. Listen to the #1 Ranked Conscious Millionaire Podcast , M-F -Business Coaching for Conscious Entrepreneurs. J V holds an MBA, JD and a MS in Psychology; his best-selling book, "Conscious Millionaire: Grow Your Business by Making a Difference" is available now: http://www.amazon.com/Conscious-Millionaire-Business-Making-Difference/dp/0976719223/ref=tmm_pap_title_0
Follow J V Crum III on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jvcrum
More:

What Obama s Immigration Executive Actions Mean for the Economy: 4 Key Business Fixesreddit
Most Americans may not realize it, but a great many of President Obama's recently announced Immigration Accountability Executive Actions have little to do with bringing anyone out of the shadows.  They are targeted at making the legal immigration system work as well as it can until Congress fixes it. This is important because, as credible economics studies show, a functional business immigration system will boost the economy by generating tax revenue, adding billions to the GDP and creating jobs for American workers.
Here are four of the key business fixes the president is planning to make through his executive actions.
1. Modernize the Employment-Based Immigrant System.
The employment based green card system has not been updated by Congress in nearly a quarter century.  Today the obsolete system, with its inadequate green card numbers for key employees and years-long green card queues, stymies economic growth and global competitiveness.
Mr. Obama has directed U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services to work closely with the Department of State to make sure all visas authorized by Congress are actually issued -- all too often visas in shortage occupations have been wasted by bureaucratic inefficiency.  Second, the president has directed the Department of State to modernize the way it monitors the visa quota system. Finally, the executive actions direct USCIS to ensure that employment-based immigrants whose visas have been stuck in long backlogs have greater flexibility in changing jobs or employers.
Not everyone is happy with the Administration's proposal.  Some in the high-tech industry are disappointed that the executive actions will not make unused green cards available to employment based immigrants -- a process known as "recapture."
2. Promote Research and Development in the U.S.
The Administration will review the existing immigration law with an eye on enhancing opportunities for foreign inventors, researchers and founders of start-ups wishing to conduct research and development, and creating jobs for American workers
The executive actions outline two key ways to do this:
First, the immigration law permits certain foreign nationals with advance degrees or exceptional ability to immigrate without employer sponsorship if their work is in the "national interest."  Such immigrants might include, for example, a highly accomplished medical researcher who has developed ground breaking medical innovations targeted at congenital heart failure or an engineer whose inventions have led to more efficient energy consumption.
But the rules governing "national interest waiver" are vague and the visa is underutilized, undoubtedly costing the U.S. precious foreign talent.  The Administration will clarify the rules governing the national interest category with an eye on economic growth.
Second, the outmoded immigration system has very few visa options for entrepreneurs, effectively limiting critical investment and job creating opportunities.  In 2012, for example, Ashaf Darash , a U.S. educated Israeli entrepreneur, was looking to hire more workers for Regpak , the highly successful San Francisco-based company he founded after graduation. But because of limited visa options Darash found himself fighting to stay in the U.S. rather than focusing on his growing company. Job creators like Ashaf Darash should be welcomed with open arms, not shut out by an inflexible set of visa rules better suited to America in the 20th century than a nation looking to maintain its competitive edge in 21st century.
The executive actions direct the immigration agency to use the "public interest parole" provisions of the law to attract and retain inventors, researchers, and founders of start-up companies "who have been awarded substantial U.S. investor financing or otherwise hold the promise of innovation and job creation through the development of new technologies or the pursuit of cutting edge research."  It is hoped that the parole authority can be used to permit promising individuals to "temporarily pursue research and development of promising new ideas and businesses in the United States, rather than abroad."
3. Reform "Optional Practical Training" for Foreign Graduates Of U.S. Universities.
Foreign students who earn their degrees from U.S. universities have long been able to engage in practical training for 12 months after they graduate.  "We trained them here," so the thinking goes, "we might as well benefit from their American education."
The Administration will look for ways to expand practical training, with particular emphasis on science, technology, engineering and math graduates.  There will also be closer scrutiny of the training programs and efforts to ensure consistency with labor market protections for U.S. workers.
While the details haven't been released, it is hoped that greater availability of STEM graduates will help alleviate shortages in the high-tech industry while providing more post degree "hands on" education for foreign graduates.  Still there are those that say the STEM extensions are too modest , especially given the arbitrary limits Congress placed on the number of H-1B visas in 1990.
4. Make the Rigid Legal Immigration Line A Bit More Flexible For Skilled Workers And Their Spouses Waiting For Green Cards.
The dysfunctional employment-based immigration system is plagued with processing delays and backlogs that require immigrants to wait years and years for a visa -- even after the Department of Labor has certified there are no qualified U.S. workers available for the job.  While they wait in the "legal immigration line" immigrants and their spouses can be deprived of job growth and other employment opportunities.
The executive actions will, hopefully, add much needed flexibility to the employment-based immigration process.
Now It's Up To Congress To Pass Immigration Reform.
President Obama cannot fix the broken immigration system on his own -- he needs Congress to pass a bill. But until Congress acts the president can (and should) use his authority to create jobs for American workers and give American businesses the tools they need to remain globally competitive.
Follow David Leopold on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DavidLeopold
More:

U.S. accuses Toyota credit unit of discriminatory loan pricingU.S. accuses Toyota credit unit of discriminatory loan pricing
Toyota logo
Andrey Rudakov, Bloomberg
A Toyoto logo sits on display outside the showroom of a Toyota Motor automobile dealership.
A Toyoto logo sits on display outside the showroom of a Toyota Motor automobile dealership. (Andrey Rudakov, Bloomberg)
U.S. Department of Justice
U.S. regulators accuse Toyota of discriminatory pricing of loans
Toyota Motor Credit Corp. said federal authorities have raised concerns about the pricing of its auto loans, saying that the loans could be discriminatory, and warning that Toyota's lending arm could face financial penalties.
Toyota Motor Credit said that, on Nov. 25, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Justice Department sent it a letter alleging "discriminatory pricing of loans to certain borrowers in contravention of applicable laws," and warning that it could face legal action unless it agrees to "a voluntary resolution."
"The agencies have indicated that they are seeking monetary relief and implementation of changes to our discretionary pricing practices and policies," Toyota said in a SEC filing on Nov. 25..
Toyota said it plans to cooperate.
Vincent Bray, a spokesman for the Toyota unit, said the company has "activated a stronger, more robust compliance management system over the past two and a half years."
"Our intent is that these measures will contribute to a solution that meets the CFPB's expectations and allows us to better serve our customers," Bray said. "It is important for our customers to know that we do not track the race or ethnicity of our customers or credit applicants, and these factors never influence our credit or pricing decisions."
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau declined to comment. The Justice Department couldn't be reached for comment Monday.
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, known as the Dodd-Frank Act, established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
In 2012, the bureau said it would "pursue lenders whose practices discriminate against consumers."

Girl Scout Cookies to be sold online but not by troops in ChicagoGirl Scout Cookies to be sold online but not by troops in Chicago
Digital Cookie
Girl Scouts of the USA photo
Girl Scouts experience Digital Cookie, a new addition to the Girl Scout Cookie Program, for the first time.
Girl Scouts experience Digital Cookie, a new addition to the Girl Scout Cookie Program, for the first time. (Girl Scouts of the USA photo)
By Annie Sweeney and Meredith Rodriguez, Chicago Tribune
Craving Thin Mints? They'll be a click away now that the Girl Scouts add online cookie sales.
Chicago won't get online Girl Scout Cookies now but will get another pilot project: a gluten-free cookie.
Thin Mints are heading online, where they will, no doubt, go viral.
Girl Scouts of the USA has announced that the century-old cookie sales are expanding beyond order sheets, door-to-door sales and street corner tables: Scouts are now able to generate online sales through use of a mobile app or a Web platform that they can customize.
But the leap forward comes with several security measures to protect the Scouts, including requiring parental involvement and that Web sales be initiated only after a Scout emails potential buyers.
Caption 12. Chocolate Chip Shortbread
Girlscout.org
Caption 11. Cranberry Citrus Crisps
Girlscout.org
Caption 10. Thank U Berry Munch
Girlscout.org
Caption 9. Dulce de Leche
Girlscout.org
Pictures: America's favorite Girl Scout cookies
Photos of favorite Girl Scout cookies according to a poll on Girlscoutcookies.org.
Pictures: America's favorite Girl Scout cookies
Photos of favorite Girl Scout cookies according to a poll on Girlscoutcookies.org.
The Girl Scouts' embrace of the Internet comes after decades of the organization using a more personal, face-to-face sales approach to learn leadership and entrepreneurial skills while raising money. Adding online sales skills makes sense for Scouts raised in the Internet Age.
"We listened to the girls," said Kelly Parisi, spokeswoman for Girl Scouts. "We are girl-led and girl-driven. The girls live online. They are digital natives."
The new online sales were announced Monday, and Scouts across the nation have started getting their online sales tools ready. Customers should be able to begin buying cookies by mid-December.
8
The project is being piloted in most chapters nationwide, though the Girl Scouts of Greater Chicago and Northwest Indiana, and a handful of other chapters, had to opt out because of a major internal database overhaul. Chicago, however, is paying close attention to the program and could implement it by January 2016, said spokeswoman Julie Somogyi.
Local parents who have led troops through the winter selling season — which starts in January — or turned away customers hoping to use a credit card said they would welcome the new technology.
"If we are allowed to do it, we'll do it in a minute," said Jean Naman, who leads a second-grade Brownies troop in Naperville, where some kids walk around their neighborhoods to sell cookies. "It makes it so much easier to facilitate sales, especially for a family that might be out of town, and frankly it makes cookie sales more pleasant in the cold Chicago winter."
@bobwire1--- there are a lot of things Jay Cutler doesn't get....we'll just add this one to the list.
JimBob2
8
The Girl Scouts have been making more use of technology in recent years, including providing an app for buyers to find out where sales are happening in their community by entering a ZIP code, Somogyi said.
But with Digital Cookie, buyers can complete the entire cookie purchase online. The Scouts will use either a mobile app or the Web platform.
With the mobile app, girls will take in-person orders and enter the credit card and shipping information on the app.
With the Web platform, customers receive an emailed invitation to purchase from the Scout on her personalized website, which must be approved by a parent. As an added security measure, if the invitation is forwarded, the link will be disabled, Parisi said.
No troop or last names will be put online, and encryption will be used to protect customer credit card numbers.
Shannon Parchem, of Chicago, said an online site that would deliver orders directly to the buyer would be agreat idea, especially because her daughter sells to family across the country.
"I have to pack them and ship them out," Parchem said. "I usually wait until my family reunion to deliver all the cookies that my family ordered."
While Parchem sold cookies to strangers door to door as a child, most children these days stick to family and friends, she said. Her sixth-grade daughter, Sierra Parchem, the top seller in her troop since she was a Brownie, uses a Facebook account to reach out to friends and family.
"They still have to email her," her mother said. "But to actually have a website to give everybody a link to, that would be wonderful."
Sierra, 11, said that the best part would be that people could pay with a credit card. "They always ask if you can use credit card and I'm like, 'no,'" she said.
Somogyi said the online sales program fits the organization's emphasis on science, technology, engineering and math. It also means friends and family miles away can support their Scout's sales, she said.
"They will still be using all their tried and true strategies," Somogyi said. "It's one more avenue. ... They have a lot of financial learning (currently). But we want to provide more opportunity for the technology."
On the Web platform, the Scouts also will be able to track their sales and watch, in real time, how they are meeting their goals. Offline sales can be added and counted as well.
"This is virtual money management," Parisi said.
Whether online sales will overtake the historic face-to-face Girl Scout sales pitch remains to be seen.
"Time will tell but we are not worried," Parisi said. "Because girls have so much fun selling cookies."
Although the Chicago chapter will not be offering the online sales for now, its is part of another new Girl Scouts launch — a gluten-free cookie that will be offered in February, Somogyi said.
The cookie is called Toffee-tastic.

Fitch revises Reliance Industries s rating upward to  stableFitch revises Reliance Industries’s rating upward to ‘stable’
By: PTI |        Mumbai |  December 2, 2014 6:03 am
Summary
Fitch Ratings on Monday revised upwards outlook on Reliance Industries’ (RIL) long-term local currency rating at ‘BBB stable’
Fitch Ratings on Monday revised upwards outlook on Reliance Industries' (RIL) long-term local currency rating at 'BBB stable'. (Reuters)
Other Articles
Enforcement Directorate probing beneficiary of Rs 425 crore Indian Premier League facilitation fee
Fitch Ratings on Monday revised upwards outlook on Reliance Industries’ (RIL) long-term local currency rating at ‘BBB stable’ from ‘positive’, citing better than expected show by its US shale gas business which offset the dip in the domestic exploration business.
The agency said the rating revision to stable with a positive outlook reflects continuing strong financial and operating performance.
“The change of outlook on the local currency issuer default ratings, which is not constrained by the BBB-sovereign–to stable reflects our revised expectations on RIL’s medium-term credit metrics and the revenue contribution of the upstream oil and gas business,” it added.
“We now believe RIL is not likely to meet the levels articulated in our earlier research in the next two-three years, at which we would take positive rating action,” Fitch said in a note.
On its performance, the report noted that RIL continues to consistently out-perform the regional refining margin benchmarks. Fitch expects its profitability from refining and mid-stream operations to improve further once the on-going investments for capacity addition and to improve efficiencies are completed over the next two to three years.
However, it noted that the company faces challenges on domestic E&P business in the form of geological risks, with gas production from the KG D6 basin falling to 12.8 mmscmd in the first half from 13.8 mmscmd in FY14 and 26 mmscmd in FY13.
But it noted that this fall is “counterbalanced” by a 38 percent volume growth in the US shale gas business. US shale gas’s contribution to the earnings of the exploration and production (E&P) business has risen to INR 1,050 crore, out of the segmental earnings of Rs 1,860 crore in first half of fiscal.
Another key problem area is gas pricing uncertainty even after the government revised gas price from the last month to USD5.6/mmbtu from USD4.2, as the company is not allowed to charge the new price till the arbitration case is not over.
Fitch expects that RIL will continue to generate strong operating cash flows of USD 6-8 billion a year.
However, the high capex needs (USD11 billion planned for telecom till next fiscal) will lead to negative free cash flows for the next two years and is likely to lead to an increase in the net leverage, from 2 times in FY14. But the net leverage, though, is likely to remain well under 3 times, which is comfortable for the company’s ratings.
Reliance has a cash balance or cash equivalent of Rs 77,700 crore as of Q2, while its debt stood at over Rs 84,000 crore.
TAGS: Reliance Industries
More from companies
Concerted effort to manipulate machinery: Court in coal case Industrialist Kumar Mangalam Birla's letters to the then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh sought to re-open the issue of allocation...

Change in Stance by RBI Very Heartening: ExpertBofA-ML Sees 0.25% Rate Cut in February on Easing Inflation
The Reserve Bank of India kept interest rates unchanged at 8.0 per cent on Tuesday as widely expected, staying focused on containing inflation while adopting a more dovish tone in response to the government's call for help to revive economic growth.
Here are comments of some experts on this development:
Sandeep Nanda, chief investment officer, Bharti AXA Life Insurance, Mumbai
The policy has come in line with market's expectations. There is no rate cut but guidance is definitely dovish. People will now expect rate cuts from February onwards. RBI has brought down its expectations to market's level. There can be more positive surprises expected given the way the commodity prices are behaving.
Arvind Chari, head of fixed income and alternatives, Quantum Advisors, Mumbai
We have maintained that the RBI will only move post certainty on growth policies and supply reforms in the budget. We thus expect the first rate cut to be immediately post-budget in the first half of March and it can be a 50 basis point cut.
Killol Pandya, senior fund manager-debt, LIC Nomura Mutual Fund
RBI's policy is very balanced and pragmatic. There should be no complaints from market participants. The policy is dovish relatively so there would be continued expectations of rate cuts in future. The trajectory would remain dovish but government's needs to do its part.
R.K. Gupta, managing director, Taurus Asset Management, New Delhi
This is what we were expecting. Probably rates may not be reduced before April 2015. Reducing 25 basis points is not going change anything in the corporate sector. If inflation continues to remain low, foreign currency reserves remain comfortable, current account deficit remains under control, probably you can expect a 50-75 basis point cut in April 2015, after the budget. RBI will take a very, very cautious approach.
Shakti Satapathy, fixed income strategist, AK Capital, Mumbai
Today's action is aimed at containing the medium-term inflationary pressure and is well in line with the RBI's sanctity towards its previous tone. However, the tone for today's policy seems softer on account of positive developments happening to the intermittent data points. The prolonged low price regime seen in international crude and the government's effort in containing the fiscal deficit would weigh positive in forthcoming policies of 2015 and might lead to a first rate cut in the first quarter of 2015.
Devendra Kumar Pant, chief economist and senior director, (head-public finance), India Ratings and Research
The policy has come in line with our expectations. There are high chances of a rate cut in Feb 2015. Decline in inflation has come mainly from falling crude oil prices. Oil prices will remain low but may not see a sharp fall next year. Food inflation may also rise due to summer pressure. Base-effect will keep inflation lower until December.
J. Venkatesan, equity fund manager, Sundaram Asset Management Company, Chennai
The central bank has made a strong dovish statement. Inflation is clearly trending downwards, and based on that the RBI has clearly stated that the monetary stance will be reviewed early next year.
If the interest rate is cut it would be sentimentally beneficial, but things will not pick up just because of rate cuts. A strong reforms push is needed to revive economic growth, that is where the cycle had got stuck.
A. Prasanna, economist, ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Ltd, Mumbai
This policy is as per expectation. The guidance is dovish which leads us to believe that there is a significant chance of policy easing by February subject to inflation and government's efforts to meet fiscal targets. At this point we'll go with 25 basis points. The bond market is running ahead, but there's more conviction about policy easing by February.
Kumar Rachapudi, senior rates strategist, ANZ, Singapore
The RBI assessing the risks to its January 2016 inflation forecast as 'balanced' - previously the risks were biased upside - is significant. In fact, the RBI said if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year. Think this paves way for a rate cut in early 2015 unless global commodity prices aggressively reverse their fall. We like staying long Indian bonds here.
Sandeep Bagla, associate director, Trust Group
The change in stance by RBI is very heartening. The easing of commodity prices has meant that the central bank has room to cut rate by around 75 bps for the next full year. Market has tried to price in this possibility by rallying strongly. There's a good chance that the 10-year yield will fall to 7.90-7.95 in the immediate term.
R. Sivakumar, head of fixed income, Axis Asset Management, Mumbai
Clearly, a very dovish statement by the governor; they have acknowledged that inflation is treading expectations and that there is scope for monetary easing in early 2015. Markets like clarity and they are reading this as a signal that barring any surprises, a Feb 2015 rate cut looks likely.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

RBI Credit Policy: Growth hurdles even as inflation softensDec 02, 2014, 12.11 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
RBI Credit Policy: Growth hurdles even as inflation softens
Administered price corrections, weaker-than-anticipated agricultural production, and a possible rise in energy prices could alter the currently benign inflation outlook significantly
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
RBI Credit Policy: Growth hurdles even as inflation softens
Administered price corrections, weaker-than-anticipated agricultural production, and a possible rise in energy prices could alter the currently benign inflation outlook significantly
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
The Reserve Bank of India Tuesday sounded a dovish note on its outlook for inflation, but the policy statement highlights some of the hurdles in the path of economic growth. Inflation may be easing, but growth is still not a given, is the impression one gets from a close reading of the document. Also, it could still take another quarter before RBI can a claim a decisive victory over inflation and lower interest rates.
Excerpts from the policy statement:
* The rabi crop is unlikely to compensate for the decline in kharif production earlier in the year and consequently, agricultural growth in 2014-15 is likely to be muted. This, along with a slowdown in rural wage growth, is weighing on rural consumption demand.
* The persisting contraction in the production of both capital goods and consumer goods in Q2 reflected weak aggregate domestic demand. Exports have buffered the slowdown in industrial activity in Q2 but, going forward, require support from partner country growth
* Administered price corrections, as and when they are effected, weaker-than-anticipated agricultural production, and a possible rise in energy prices on the back of geo-political risks could alter the currently benign inflation outlook significantly. 
* Various constituents of the services sector are emitting mixed signals.
* A durable revival of investment demand continues to be held back by infrastructural constraints and lack of assured supply of key inputs, in particular coal, power, land and minerals. The success of ongoing government actions in these areas will be key to reviving growth.
* Fiscal outlook should brighten because of the fall in crude prices, but weak tax revenue growth and the slow pace of disinvestment suggest some uncertainty about the likely achievement of fiscal targets, and the quality of eventual fiscal adjustment
* The full outcome of the north-east monsoon will determine the intensity of price pressures relating to cereals, oilseeds and pulses, but it is reasonable to expect some firming up of these prices in view of the monsoon’s performance so far and the shortfall estimated for kharif production
* Protein-rich items such as milk and pulses continue to experience upside pressures, reflecting structural mismatches in supply and demand
* Weighted average call rates as well as long term yields for government and high-quality corporate issuances have moderated substantially since end-August. However, these interest rate impulses have yet to be transmitted by banks into lower lending rates
RELATED NEWS

Don t Intend to Flip-Flop on Policy: RajanBofA-ML Sees 0.25% Rate Cut in February on Easing Inflation
Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India does not intend to flip-flop on policy and is in discussions with the government for a new monetary framework which it hopes to finalise shortly, Governor Dr Raghuram Rajan said.
The central bank's talks with the government suggest "things will be on track with respect to fiscal deficit," he added during a press conference with reporters.
The RBI held interest rates steady as widely expected at its policy review on Tuesday, but said it could cut interest rates by early next year depending on whether inflation eases further and on fiscal developments.
The government is comfortable with setting a 4 percent inflation target plus/minus 2 per cent beyond 2016, Dr Rajan clarified.
The central bank is "certainly seeing disinflationary process" and global crude oil developments are positive for India.
The central bank is already providing "substantial liquidity" to the market, consistent with the policy rate, Dr Rajan said.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

RBI Not Against GrowthBofA-ML Sees 0.25% Rate Cut in February on Easing Inflation
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) held interest rates steady as widely expected at its policy review on Tuesday, but said it could cut interest rates by early next year depending on whether inflation eases further and on fiscal developments. RBI chief Raghuram Rajan addressed a press conference explaining its monetary policy stance. 
Highlights
We are in discussions with government for monetary policy framework
Government has shown willingness to keep inflation target at 4 per cent beyond FY16 with a 2 per cent band
Hope to finalise the new monetary policy shortly
Seeing a disinflation process underway
We want to make sure that the disinflationary process is for real
We don't want to flip-flop if there is a change in external environment
There is a misconception that the RBI is not concerned about growth
The way to sustainable growth is to have moderate inflation
Rates have come down but banks haven't passed on
RBI is certainly not against growth
Bear with us, corporate India will see sustained growth for many years
Our talks with government suggest fiscal deficit on track
Not trying to manage long-term interest rates through open market operations
For now, RBI has consumer inflation target of 6% by January 2016
We want to be relatively sure we hit the 2016 inflation target
Speeding up judicial process on debt recovery will bring down the risk premiums
RBI in discussions with the government to speed up the debt recovery process
Hope the performance of fixed income and equity markets will convince more investors to park their money in financial assets rather than gold
Story first published on: December 02, 2014 12:08 (IST)

 Government Hikes Excise Duty on Diesel  PetrolYou are here: Home Economy
Excise Duty on Petrol, Diesel Raised; No Impact on Prices
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 02, 2014 17:05 (IST)
BofA-ML Sees 0.25% Rate Cut in February on Easing Inflation
New Delhi: The government on Tuesday raised excise duty on petrol by Rs 2.25 per litre and on diesel by Rs 1 a litre but retail pump rates will not be increased as oil firms decided to absorb the duty change for the time being.
The second excise duty hike in three weeks will help raise an additional Rs 4,000 crore in four months to March as the government seeks to take advantage of a slump in global oil prices to shore up its revenues without stoking inflation.
Together with Rs 1.5 a litre excise duty hike effected from November 12, the government will mop up about Rs 10,000 crore in reminder of current fiscal year that will help contain budget deficit.
With Assembly elections underway in Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand, and polls due in Delhi soon, the state-owned fuel retailers have decided to absorb the excise duty change.
"This (excise duty hike) is not being passed on to the consumers," Indian Oil Corp chairman B Ashok told PTI.
"Since we had only yesterday revised petrol and diesel prices, we decided a change so soon is not warranted."
Oil firms had cut petrol and diesel prices by 91 paise a litre and 84 paise per litre, respectively, to factor in the slump in international oil prices. ( Read more )
Asked if oil companies while revising rates on Monday had factored in a possible excise duty hike, he said the price cut was a true reflection of fall in international oil rate - from $93.23 per barrel in first fortnight of November to $87.21 in second half, and devaluation of rupee value - from Rs 61.46 to a US dollar to Rs 61.80.
"We are absorbing the excise duty increase for now. We are keeping track of the changing scenario and will take appropriate steps as the situation warrants at the next revision (due in mid-December)," Mr Ashok added.
Excise duty on normal or unbranded petrol has been hiked from Rs 2.7 per litre to Rs 4.95 a litre and on unbranded diesel from Rs 2.96 a litre to Rs 3.96. Total incidence of excise on petrol after including special excise duty and road cess will be Rs 12.95 while that on diesel will be Rs 5.96 a litre.
Similarly, excise duty on branded petrol has been raised from Rs 3.85 a litre to Rs 6.1 and on branded diesel, from Rs 5.25 to Rs 6.25.
Story first published on: December 02, 2014 14:37 (IST)

Debt  swap markets rally on hopes of early 2015 rate cutDebt  swap markets rally on hopes of early 2015 rate cut
Sensex Falls Over 100 Points  IT Stocks Lead DeclineYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Falls Over 100 Points, IT Stocks Lead Decline
Reuters | Updated On: December 02, 2014 16:49 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
The BSE Sensex and Nifty fell for a second consecutive session on Tuesday, as software stocks declined on rupee strength and as investors booked profits after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kept interest rates unchanged, although signalling a potential easing by early 2015.
The RBI held interest rates steady, as widely expected, at a policy review on Tuesday, and said it could ease monetary policy early next year provided inflationary pressures do not reappear and the government controls the fiscal deficit.
Falling inflation, slowing growth in the previous quarter, plunging oil prices, China's surprise easing and government talk of lower rates had raised expectations, although only 4 out of 45 economists in a Reuters poll said the RBI would cut rates.
"By not cutting rates the RBI has remained consistent in their policy objective of decisively bringing down inflation and long-term inflationary expectations," said Arvind Sethi, managing director of Tata Asset Management Ltd.
A rate cut would be likely around the budget, if the government is able to hold the deficit at around 4.1 per cent, Sethi added.
The 50-shares Nifty closed down 0.36 per cent at 8,524.70, after hitting a record high of 8,623 in the previous session.
The benchmark BSE Sensex ended 0.4 per cent lower at 28,444.01, falling for a second straight session.
Blue-chips including software services exporters led the declines. Infosys fell 2.2 per cent while Tata Consultancy Services ended down 1.3 per cent.
Housing Development Finance Corp lost 1.1 per cent and Tata Motors ended down 1.3 per cent.
Bajaj Auto fell 1.3 per cent after its November sales declined 0.4 per cent compared to the previous year due to festive season adjustments and loss of market share, traders said.
Mahindra & Mahindra also lost 2.4 per cent, adding to Monday's 2.2 per cent decline, after its November vehicle sales fell 13 per cent on year.
Shares of state-run oil marketing companies fell after crude oil rose from five-year lows and the government raised excise tax on petrol and diesel again.
Indian Oil Corp ended down 2.4 per cent, Hindustan Petroleum Corp lost 1.8 per cent while Bharat Petroleum Corp fell 4.3 per cent.
Paint companies which use crude oil derivatives also took a beating. Asian Paints lost 3.4 per cent and Berger Paint ended down 3.9 per cent.
Among gainers, state-run banks with higher available-for-sale bonds rose on hopes of higher treasury gains after the benchmark 10-year bond yield plunged to a 16-1/2 month low after the policy.
Punjab National Bank rose 1.5 per cent while Allahabad Bank soared 6.3 per cent.
Defence companies rose on notification of new foreign investment rules by the government, analysts said.
Bharat Electronics surged 9.1 per cent and Astra Micro Wave Products gained 8.7 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

RBI Aims to Keep Real Interest Rates at 1.5-2%BofA-ML Sees 0.25% Rate Cut in February on Easing Inflation
Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India will aim for a real interest rate of 1.5 per cent to 2 per cent over the long-term, Governor Raghuram Rajan said on Tuesday.
The central bank would gradually move towards a new monetary policy structure next year, he said. The government is expected to amend the RBI Act by early next year to incorporate a monetary policy committee that gives voting rights to officials both within and outside the central bank.
The comments come after the RBI kept the repo rate on hold at 8.00 per cent on Tuesday.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

J&K: Three militants killed in Army encounter on polling dayBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 2, 2014 3:50 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 3:53 pm
Three militants were on Tuesday killed as army troops foiled an infiltration bid along the Line of Control (LoC) in poll-bound Kupwara district of north Kashmir, a defence spokesman said.
Army troops guarding the LoC noticed a group of militants attempting to infiltrate from across the border in Nowgam sector of Handwara early today, the spokesman said.
The militants opened heavy fire when challenged by the troops, triggering a gunbattle, he said.
Three unidentified militants were killed in the encounter, the spokesman said, adding further details are awaited as the operation was still going on.
The infiltration attempt coincided with the second-phase of polling in Jammu and Kashmir wherein a total of 18 Assembly seats, including five in Kupwara district, went to polls on Tuesday.
Last week, four militants were killed when an encounter broke out between the ultras and security forces in Arnia sector of Jammu region close to Indo-Pak border on November 27.
During the terror attack, in all 12 people were killed including five civilians and three army personnel.

Lending  Deposit Rates Likely to Remain Unchanged: BankersNew Delhi: Interest rates, both for deposit and lending, are likely to remain static as the Reserve Bank today kept the key rate unchanged at its fifth bi-monthly monetary policy review.
"Interest rates are likely to remain unchanged," SBI chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya told PTI.
Echoing similar views Yes Bank CEO and managing director Rana Kapoor said: "Base rate and benchmark prime lending rate are unlikely to see any downward revision at the moment. It can happen only after policy rate moderates."
However, he said, there could be some adjustment in interest rate of deposits of long tenure over 3 years.
Some of the banks have done this and some more could do it based on their asset liability position, Mr Kapoor said, adding that a few more banks can make changes in the coming days as system has ample liquidity.
According to United Bank of India executive director Deepak Narang, margins of banks are already under pressure due to high NPA level. "So, I don't see a cut in the interest rate at the moment," he said.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan today kept interest rate unchanged, saying that a shift in stance is 'premature' but hinted that a cut may come early next year if inflation continues to ease and government acts on the fiscal side.
Accordingly, the repo rate continues to be at 8 per cent while the cash reserve ratio has also been retained at 4 per cent despite inflation based on the Wholesale Price Index coming down to a 5-year low of 1.77 per cent in October.
The low inflation is not because of structural changes in the domestic economy but due to fall in international prices of crude, which has declined to a historical low, said Shashwat Sharma, Partner - Financial services, KPMG India.
"Therefore, we understand and appreciate the RBI's stance on no cut in interest rates and look forward to structural changes by the government in the domestic economy," he added.
However, RBI has clearly opened the window for rate cuts to begin in the next review in February 2015 or possibly earlier, Kapoor said.
"I see space for monetary accommodation to the tune of close to 100 basis point cut over the course of next 12 months in 2015-16," he added.
Story first published on: December 02, 2014 15:46 (IST)

Haryana: New video of the Rohtak sisters shows them beating up a boy in a park110
1
Rohtak: Bringing a mysterious twist to the case, the two sisters in Rohtak who were caught on camera beating three alleged eve teasers in a bus, are now being seen in a new video beating up a boy in a park. The new video allegedly dates back to October 2014.
The video of the two sisters in the bus which surfaced on Sunday had led to a huge uproar against the three alleged molestors. They had been sent to judicial custody by a local court. The three accused, Kuldeep, Mohit and Deepak, were arrested on Sunday night and were remanded in judicial custody till December 6.
Meanwhile residents of Kansla village from where the three accused hail have served an ultimatum on the district administration to release the three boys within 24 hours.
The video of the two sisters in the bus which surfaced on Sunday had led to a huge uproar against the three alleged molestors.
#haryana #rohtak #assault #harassment
The residents have alleged that a false FIR has been registered against the three which should be quashed.
The families of the three, along with villagers and the village Panchayat went to the District Administrative Complex to meet the Deputy Commissioner (DC) and Superintendent of Police (SP), but the two officers were not present in their offices.
The residents told reporters that the three boys have been "falsely implicated". They claimed that it was not a case of alleged molestation but a dispute over seats. The seats had been allotted to the three boys, they claimed.
The entire incident, recorded by a passenger on mobile phone, went viral both on television and social media. It showed the two girls using their hand and belt to thrash the molesters.
The parents of the two girls lodged an FIR with Haryana Police against the three youths stating that the molesters got down at Kansla village in Rohtak.
The victims in their complaint alleged that they were "teased" by some youths in a Haryana Roadways bus when they were going to their college on Friday. When the victims objected, one of the accused started beating them up.
642

Pakistan envoy expects no breakthrough in bilateral talks with India  unhappy with progress on KashmirDec 02, 2014 at  04:54pm IST
Pakistan envoy expects no breakthrough in bilateral talks with India, unhappy with progress on Kashmir
22
0
Islamabad: Pakistan does not expect any breakthrough on resuming the bilateral dialogue with India, adviser to Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Foreign Affairs and National Security Sartaj Aziz said on Tuesday.
"India has suspended the dialogue process and now it's their responsibility to resume it," Aziz said. He made the comment after inaugurating the annual conference of the Pakistan Institute of Development Economics in Islamabad, a Pakistani news agency reported.
In August, India had called off foreign secretary-level talks with Pakistan following criticism of Pakistani High Commissioner Abdul Basit's meeting in New Delhi with Hurriyat leader Shabir Shah. Aziz also lamented the attitude of the Indian government towards the Kashmir dispute and said the neighbouring country wanted to link Kashmir with terrorism to divert the world's attention.
Sartaj Aziz said that India suspended the dialogue process and now it's their responsibility to resume it.
"Over the last 40 years, bilateralism has failed on Kashmir and that's why Pakistan wanted to engage the international community on the matter," the adviser said.
Aziz said friendship with India could only be possible "without compromising on our self-respect, honour and equality".
In December 2013, Pakistan and India had pledged to uphold the 2003 Line of Control (LoC) ceasefire accord which was repeatedly violated.
The truce breaches had put the nascent bilateral peace dialogue on hold.
11

In pics: Indias public healthcare goes to the dogs  and cats tooTwo days ago, HT reporters shed light on how public healthcare across India has failed people . Here are pictures of government health facilities from across the country that show the challenges the sector is staring at.
 

Aviva: Wilsons deal underwhelmsWork to do before Aviva investors welcome Friends
Jonathan Guthrie
Integration looks as if it could be fiddly
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6fcaa550-7a0b-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US woos Chinese tourists with social media  fried dough fritters and a quizSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

SC allows Sahara to sell 4 properties to raise Rs 2 710 crSC allows Sahara to sell 4 properties to raise Rs 2,700 cr
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 3, 2014  | 10:27 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Supreme Court on Tuesday permitted the Sahara Group to proceed with the sale of four domestic properties, which is likely to fetch Rs 2,710 crore, in its bid to raise Rs 10,000 crore for the release of its jailed chief Subrata Roy.
The court allowed the group to sell properties in Jodhpur, Pune, Chauma in Gurgaon and Vasai in Mumbai after it was satisfied that the transactions were in accordance with its June 4 order.
This order had stated that "such sales are not for a price lower than the estimated value indicated in the statement filed before this Court or the circle rates fixed for the area in which such properties are situated".
A bench headed by Justice T S Thakur was told that the transactions for these properties would be completed by May 2015 and in the meantime, the purchasers would deposit post-dated cheques in the name of SEBI-Sahara refund account with undertakings that those would be honoured on due dates.
The bench, also comprising justices A R Dave and A K Sikri, was informed that the group has already generated Rs 184.5 crore as part payment for its assets in Jodhpur, Chauma and Vasai and following which it was allowed to hand over three demand drafts and one cheque to SEBI's counsel.
Regarding the sale of Pune property which would fetch Rs 550 crore, Sahara Group through senior advocates Rajiv Dhawan and S Ganesh said that the agreement was not signed due to unavoidable circumstances and in the near future, the deal will be through and it is expected to get Rs 50 crore as initial part payment.
Accepting the proposal, the bench permitted it to go ahead with the proposed deal and deposit Rs 50 crore with SEBI-Sahara refund account.
Out of the list of nine domestic properties, Sahara has already sold its Ahmedabad property and has raised Rs 411.82 crores which has gone into the account of SEBI.
However, Sahara Group would have to wait for getting clearance for raising 'junior loan' of $650 million (approx. Rs 3,600 crore) as a part of the scheme to overcome the liability with Bank of China which had lent money to it in purchasing stakes in three overseas hotels, Dream Downtown and The Plaza in New York and Grosvenor House in London.
SEBI's counsel Arvind Dattar and senior advocate Shekhar Naphade, who is assisting the court as an amicus curiae in the matter, submitted that certain terms of transactions were not clear like the issue of escrow agent and the liability which is likely to rise for the Sahara.
The bench asked the Sahara Group to provide all information sought by the amicus and the market regulator within a week and posted the matter for further hearing on December 17.
At the outset, Dhawan said substantial amout has been paid by Sahara Group to SEBI and Rs 1882 crore remains and it be allowed to give cheques for remaining dues.
"We would not like to accept post-date cheques at this stage," the bench said.
The group also sought court's specific direction with regard to its bid to sell the Pune property and said that some sort of confusion has been created due to some media reports.
"You have already been permitted," the court said.
During the hearing, the court expressed dissatisfaction over the progess in the sale of properties and suggested that it can also assist in their disposal by taking help of an assets management company.
Earlier, Sahara Group had approched the court with a fresh proposal for securing release of Subrata Roy.
Roy, who was sent to jail on March 4 this year for non- refund of over Rs 20,000 crore with interest to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs 10,000 crore to get bail, out of which Rs 5,000 crore should be paid in cash and rest of the amount in bank guarantee.
Sahara, which earlier had raised Rs 3,117 crore and deposited with SEBI, has told the court that out of nine domestic assets it has now sold an Ahmedabad property and raised Rs 411.82 crores which has also gone into account of the market regulator.
Earlier, SEBI had moved the court seeking its direction to Sahara Group to give a time schedule for payment of Rs 47,000 crore to it.
In the application, SEBI had submitted that the group be directed to furnish all details before the court regarding offers it received for its three luxury hotels, which was to be put on sale to raise money to be deposited with it.
The apex court had earlier allowed Roy, 65, to use the conference room in Tihar jail complex to hold negotiations with potential buyers for selling the hotels in New York and London.

Rupee Ends Up at 61.88You are here: Home Forex
Rupee Ends Higher at 61.88 After RBI Policy Review
Reuters | Updated On: December 02, 2014 17:14 (IST)
Rupee Set to Breach 63/Dollar: Analysts
Mumbai: The rupee rose on Tuesday after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kept interest rates unchanged but signalled it could ease monetary policy by early next year, raising optimism about accelerating economic growth.
The RBI said it could cut interest rates "early next year" provided inflationary pressures do not reappear and the government controls the fiscal deficit.
(Read: RBI opens door for rate cut early next year )
The rupee also benefited from stronger emerging Asian currencies on the back of dollar volatility and a rebound in crude oil prices from five-year lows.
Analysts said the rupee would likely remain under pressure given the broader strength in the dollar, although losses could be capped by domestic factors.
"The rupee would remain under pressure in the near term on global factors," said Anish Vyas, a currency analyst at Angel Broking in Mumbai.
"But a largish depreciation is unlikely because of continuous fund flows, moderation in inflation - and now a good chance of early rate cuts from RBI."
The partially convertible rupee closed at 61.88/89 per dollar compared with 62.02/03 on Monday. It hit a low of 62.25 on Monday - its weakest since February 20.
Hopes the RBI would cut interest rates by early next year supported the rupee by raising confidence about the domestic economy. Still, Indian shares fell on a bout of profit booking, limiting any further gains in the rupee.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards market, the one-month contract was at 62.14/24, while the three-month was at 62.65/75.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Otsuka to Buy US Drugmaker Avanir for $3.5BIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

CNBC-TV18 Investor Summit22:25 pm Here's what to expect from FOMC meet ahead
- in FII View
22:21 pm Fin assets catching up: Will 2015 be the year of equities?
- in CNBC-TV18 Comments
21:29 pm '12 technologies can add up to $1 tn to eco value in India'
- in 24X7booking

Ministers propose government-built houses© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c488029a-7a0b-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

French Govt Criticizes Companies for Not HiringIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

City ants are garbage eating  rat-fighting machinesBy Rachel Feltman December 2 Follow @rachelfeltman
They're really good at eating hot dogs. (Bigstock)
Urban ants might be more helpful thank you'd think. According to a study published Tuesday  in Global Change Biology, tiny arthropods in New York City do massive amounts of garbage clean-up -- and by chowing down on your trash, they may help keep rats and other (bigger) pests at bay.
Ants are abundant in the streets of Manhattan:  A recent study found 42 different species of the critters in the city. And that isn't just a testament to Central Park's lushness. Median strips -- the tiny patches of grass between pulsing city streets -- held 18 species of their own.
And as it turns out, those median-dwellers are the city's most voracious garbage eaters. The ants that live on the medians down the Broadway corridor are capable of eating the equivalent of 60,000 hot dogs a year.
The research team tested ants' garbage consumption by placing weighed samples of commonly dropped foods -- hot dogs, cookies and chips -- into wire mesh cages that only ant-sized creatures could crawl into. Next to these set-ups, they placed similar samples out in the open. After 24 hours, they took the remaining food back to the lab to measure what had been taken -- by ants alone, and by the city's entire population of refuse-eaters.
"We thought, oh, the parks, with their more diverse species -- that's where we're going to see the ants doing a more thorough job. So we were surprised when the opposite was true," said lead author  Elsa Youngsteadt , a research associate at North Carolina State University.
Ants on tiny medians ate two to three times more than their cousins out in the park. Youngsteadt and her colleagues believe that pavement ants (so named for their habitat of choice) are probably the voracious eaters causing the imbalance.
"It really underscored for us how important it is to have different kinds and sizes of green spaces around the city," Youngsteadt said. Parks get a lot of praise, but tiny strips of green may be where ants compete with even less popular residents.
"Outside the cages, of course, more got eaten. That tells us that other animals are competing with ants for this food. When one group gets it, the other doesn't," she said. And New Yorkers probably take their arthropods for granted.
When Youngsteadt was setting up her cages for the experiment, she said, a passerby asked her about her work.
"When he found out I studied ants, he said, 'I sure hope you're figuring out how to kill them.' They're definitely not popular," Youngsteadt said. "But this study highlights that they have a purpose in the city ecosystem that we don't even notice. They may be taking away food from rats, who it's safe to say we like even less."
And it seems that not even a hurricane can sweep ants away from their junk-eating posts. When Hurricane Sandy flooded many of the research sites with salty water, the team expected to see a drop-off in activity there -- but local ant populations proved to be just as hungry when the waters receded.
"You'd think that several feet of salt water would deter some ants," Youngsteadt said. She's not sure why they didn't drown -- it's possible they just weren't submerged for long enough. "But it's good news for urban ecosystems. They're going to stick around and keep doing their thing no matter what -- even when a disaster happens."
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Trans Freight Containers: Appointment of Company Secretary in Whole Time EmploymentDec 02, 2014, 05.35 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Trans Freight Containers: Appointment of Company Secretary in Whole Time Employment
Trans Freight Containers has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on November 13, 2014, has appointed Mrs. Pushpalata Mishra, Company Secretary in whole time employment of the Company with effect from November 13, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Trans Freight Containers: Appointment of Company Secretary in Whole Time Employment
Trans Freight Containers has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on November 13, 2014, has appointed Mrs. Pushpalata Mishra, Company Secretary in whole time employment of the Company with effect from November 13, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Trans Freight Containers Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on November 13, 2014, has appointed Mrs. Pushpalata Mishra, Company Secretary in whole time employment of the Company with effect from November 13, 2014.Source : BSE

Disinvestment in PSBs in phased manner under consideration: FMDisinvestment in PSBs in phased manner under consideration: FM
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 02, 2014 04:35 PM IST
With an aim to help public sector banks raise capital, government is considering to reduce its stake up to 52 per cent in a phased manner in these banks, Finance Minister Arun Jaitely said on Tuesday.
"A proposal for allowing pubic sector banks (PSBs) to raise capital from public market by diluting Government of India holding up to 52 per cent in phased manner is under consideration," Jaitley said in written reply in the Rajya Sabha.
The reduction of government share in equity capital of PSBs to 52 per cent will enable mobilisation of Rs 89,120 crore approx on the basis of current market price on November 21".
There are about two dozen PSBs and government holding in them is between 56.26 per cent to 88.63 per cent.
The government has infused an amount of Rs 58,600 crore since 2011 in these PSBs.
Public sector banks require equity capital of Rs 2.4 lakh crore by 2018 to meet Basel III norms. For the current fiscal, the government has allocated Rs 11,200 crore for bank capitalisation.
As per existing law, government holding in PSBs cannot fall below 51 per cent.
Replying to another question, Minister of State for Finance Jayant Sinha said that total amount of Gross Non Performing Assets (NPAs) stands at over Rs 1.64 lakh crore for nationalised banks and over Rs 2.43 lakh crore for public sector banks at end-September 2014.
He further said amount of top 30 NPAs is Rs 87,368 crore, 35.9 per cent of total Gross NPAs of PSBs.

M&A activity hots up in AfricaM&A activity hots up in Africa as investors bet on growth
Javier Blas in London and Andrew England in Johannesburg
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/47dee88a-795c-11e4-a57d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cenkos heads north to tap into regionsCenkos looks north to tap regional revival
Andrew Bounds
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0af7bc7c-7a0a-11e4-9b34-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rupee gains 14 paise against dollar to settle at 61.89Rupee gains 14 paise against dollar to settle at 61.89
Adarsh Plant Protect: Appointment of Company Secretary & Compliance Officer & CFODec 02, 2014, 06.01 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Adarsh Plant Protect: Appointment of Company Secretary & Compliance Officer & CFO
Adarsh Plant Protect has informed that the Company has appointed Miss. Devangi Rajanikant Zinzuvadiya as Company Secretary and Compliance Officer and Mr. Shantidatt Johnbhai Christian as Chief Financial Officer of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Adarsh Plant Protect: Appointment of Company Secretary & Compliance Officer & CFO
Adarsh Plant Protect has informed that the Company has appointed Miss. Devangi Rajanikant Zinzuvadiya as Company Secretary and Compliance Officer and Mr. Shantidatt Johnbhai Christian as Chief Financial Officer of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Adarsh Plant Protect Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has appointed Miss. Devangi Rajanikant Zinzuvadiya as Company Secretary and Compliance Officer and Mr. Shantidatt Johnbhai Christian as Chief Financial Officer of the Company.Source : BSE

Videocon Telecom invests Rs 130 cr for network upgradeVideocon Telecom invests Rs 130 cr for network upgrade
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, December 2:  
Videocon Telecom has invested Rs 130 crore to upgrade its network to support 2.75G EDGE (Enhanced Data for GSM Evolution), a standard 3G technology. The enhanced network is capable of delivering consistent speeds up to 473.6 KBPS, which is about six times the maximum speed delivered by conventional 2G networks.
The network was upgraded as about 80 per cent of mobile internet users still have 2G handsets and can be catered by 2.75G EDGE network. Further, telecom companies are offering 3G network only in select pockets, which deteriorate the customer experience while moving from 3G to 2G network, Videocon Telecom said in a release.
This would also enable the company to offer 3G-like experience to its customers at 2G rates, that too on existing 2G handsets, it added.
“Growing mobile internet comes with a huge opportunity and challenges for a 2G player like us. With the growing smart phone penetration, customers are seeking faster data speeds, that too at reasonable rates,” said Arvind Bali, Director and Chief Executive Officer at Videocon Telecom.
“We are already seeing a huge surge in our data consumption by over 51 per cent already, data user penetration has grown by 3 per cent to touch 40 per cent and average data consumption per customer per day has gone up by 37 per cent within a week of network upgrade,” he added.
rajesh.kurup@thehindu.co.in
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Monetary Policy: Coimbatore SMEs express disappointmentMonetary Policy: Coimbatore SMEs express disappointment
L N Revathy
Tweet
Coimbatore, Dec 2:  
The small and medium enterprises in this region have expressed their disappointment on the RBI's stance in keeping the rates unchanged.
Seeking immediate intervention to bail out this ailing sector by effecting a cut in borrowing rate, the Coimbatore District Small Industries Association President Ponnusamy said "there is no justification. While bigger corporates are able to bargain and get a fair rate, we pay around 13 per cent. Funds are costly and many of the units are not able to get the support on time, forcing them to look at private money lenders for instant support."
"Postponement in taking such a measure means that we will have to wait for some more time for the support," he said, voicing disappointment.
Asked what in his perception would be a fair rate, he said 'We expect the rate to be on par with agriculture lending rate. SMEs do not have an assured market, but offer huge employment and growth potential.''
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Navy lauds Reliances role in locating sunken vesselNavy lauds Reliance’s role in locating sunken vessel
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 2:  
A timely help from Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) in locating wreck of a sunken Navy vessel in Bay of Bengal has come in for praise from the Indian Navy which commended the firm’s promptness and thorough professionalism in the task.
The Navy had sought the assistance of RIL, which has huge offshore operations in Bay of Bengal, for carrying out underwater videography of the torpedo recovery vessel (TRV) that sank off Visakhapatnam on November 6, a mishap in which one sailor was killed and four personnel are still unaccounted for.
Vice Admiral Satish Soni last month wrote to RIL to convey “sincere appreciation” for RIL’s prompting deploying its MV Olympic Canyon vessel for locating the sunken Torpedo Recovery Vessel (TRV-72).
Soni, sources aware of the development said, praised “the promptness and thorough professionalism” demonstrated by RIL team.
While reaffirming Navy’s commitment to safeguarding the nation’s offshore assets, he thanked RIL for the “selfless and unconditional support” rendered and looked forward to continued association in future.
“The Indian Navy had sought the assistance of Reliance Industries in undertaking underwater videography of TRV 72 wreck by utilising a remotely operated vessel (ROV) today, November 18. MV Olympic Canyon, a chartered vessel of Reliance Industries for offshore work in the Krishna—Godavari Basin is capable of operating this ROV up to 1,000 metres depth.
“Videography by the ROV commenced this morning and was completed by the evening. The wreck of TRV 72 has been observed to be in upright position in about 370 metres depth of water. It is now planned to analyse the captured video footage and determine further course of action,” the Navy had said in a statement last month.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

http://usat.ly/1w0uYe8FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Q&A with Stephen Hawking
In his only interview with a North American media outlet, Hawking, 72, talked with USA TODAY about Intel's technology, Pink Floyd and a recently released movie about him, The Theory of Everything.
Post to Facebook
Q&A with Stephen Hawking In his only interview with a North American media outlet, Hawking, 72, talked with USA TODAY about Intel's technology, Pink Floyd and a recently released movie about him, The Theory of Everything. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1yan1hx
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
16
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Q&A with Stephen Hawking
Jon Swartz, USA TODAY 9:02 a.m. EST December 2, 2014
Actor Eddie Redmayne spent time in Intel Labs recently to learn about new technology that helps Stephen Hawking better communicate. VPC
Stephen Hawking with actor Eddie Redmayne.
(Photo: Liam Daniel, Focus Features)
4819 CONNECT 150 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN 16 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO     —     For years, Stephen Hawking has grappled with a communications system that can be maddening in its complexity. Commit one typo, and a comment is scuttled.
But new technology from Intel, announced Tuesday, will speed the process by 10 times and simplify it. That has Hawking excited for himself and millions of others with conditions that significantly hinder their ability to communicate.
How a groundbreaking device is helping Stephen Hawking communicate
In his only interview with a North American media outlet, Hawking, 72, talked with USA TODAY about Intel's technology, Pink Floyd and a recently released movie about him, The Theory of Everything.
The biopic depicts Hawking, the world's most well-known theoretical physicist and cosmologist, in his graduate-student days at Cambridge. There, he was diagnosed with motor neuron disease and met Jane Wilde, who became his first wife and the mother of his three children. Hawking is played in the movie by English actor Eddie Redmayne.
USA TODAY: What are your thoughts on constant connectivity and its effect on mankind? Does it help you connect with others?
Stephen Hawking: We are all now connected by the Internet, like neurons in a giant brain. Much has been said about the effect of social media, and I don't have much to add that is original. I had resisted social media until recently as a time-consuming invasion of privacy, but I was persuaded to open a Facebook page to communicate the importance of science to a wider audience. I hope my Facebook page will put an end to several fake Stephen Hawking pages, but it won't do anything for Twitter. The Internet has had a big effect on research in my field of physics. Up to the early '90s, people circulated paper pre-prints by mail. These often took several months to arrive, and went only to a small circle, mainly in the West. Now anyone anywhere in the world, can react immediately to new work. Science has become more inclusive.
“Communication is very important if one is disabled. Without it, one is powerless.”
Stephen Hawking
USA TODAY: How may your work with Intel  — and its new communications platform — benefit those who have MND and quadriplegia?
Hawking: Intel has developed a new communications program called ACAT (Assistive Context Aware Toolkit). This uses predictive text to speed up writing. It can handle files, mail and Internet, and it can switch windows easily. It can be operated by a single switch, which can be activated by hand or head movement. In my case, I operate ACAT by a small sensor on my glasses, which detects the movement of my cheek. Communication is very important if one is disabled. Without it, one is powerless.
USA TODAY: What do you think of The Theory of Everything? Does it capture your life's story?
Hawking: I was apprehensive about the film because it was based on a book by my ex-wife. But I was reassured when I read  the script, and even more so when I saw the screening. It was surprisingly honest about our marriage. I thought Eddie Redmayne's portrayal of me was very good. He spent time with people with ALS, to be authentic. At times, I almost believed he was me. Those who have seen the movie said it made a big impact.
This image released by Focus Features shows Harry Lloyd, left, and Eddie Redmayne as Stephen Hawking in a scene from "The Theory of Everything."
(Photo: Liam Daniel, AP)
USA TODAY: Evidently, there is a new track on the new Pink Floyd album, out Nov. 10, called Talkin' Hawkin'. Did you collaborate on that? Listen to Pink Floyd?
Hawking: The track was taken from a BT commercial I made. At the time, it was the most expensive television commercial ever made. I only got to go to a fake Mayan temple in Pinewood Studios, but they sent my double to a real temple in Mexico, and to North Africa, where they filmed the remains of tanks, to show the stupidity of war.
4819 CONNECT 150 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN 16 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1yan1hx
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer still on the run | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Subscribe to Monte Carlo IPO from 2years perspective: AngelLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Subscribe to Monte Carlo IPO from 2years perspective: Angel
Angel Broking has recommended investors to subscribe to the Monte Carlo Fashions IPO at the lower end of the price band from a two-year perspective. From a one-year perspective, "we see limited upside potential as valuations seem to be fair", says the research firm.
Post your opinion here
 
Monte Carlo Fashions IPO Note by Angel Broking
Monte Carlo Fashions (MCFL) is one of the leading apparel brands in India which primarily caters to the premium and mid-premium branded apparel segment for men, women and kids. The company offers a comprehensive line of woollen, cotton and cotton-blended knitted and woven apparel and home furnishings under the ‘Monte Carlo’ brand.
Well established brand and distribution network: Monte Carlo is the flagship brand of the company which is a market leader in the woollen knitted apparel industry in India and has been recognized as a ‘Superbrand’ for woollen knitted apparel in each edition of Consumer Superbrands India since its first edition in September 2004. Monte Carlo enjoys significant premium and brand recall on a pan India basis. The company took the task of creating brand in a market largely dominated by unbranded products and is reaping rewards as well. Also, it has a strong distribution network comprising of 196 ‘Monte Carlo Exclusive Brand Outlets’ and over 1,300 Multi Brand Outlet (MBOs) through which its products are sold.
Asset light business model; healthy balance sheet coupled with decent return ratios: The company has an asset light business model as it operates largely through the franchise network (178 franchise outlets as compared to 18 outlets owned by the company). Also, it outsources the manufacturing of cotton apparel, woollen woven apparel and home furnishing products to a network of job work entities. As a result, it has a low Debt/Equity (D/E) of ~0.2x and has the lowest employee cost as a percentage of sales in the industry. Further, the company has decent return ratios with ROE and ROCE of 14.6% and 16.6%, respectively (in FY2014).
Outlook and Valuation: The company’s net sales have grown at a CAGR of 16.3% over FY2012 to FY2014. Although, the EBIDTA margins have declined from 22% in FY2012 to 18.7% in FY2014, we believe they are at sustainable levels. The net profit has grown at a CAGR of 5.8% over FY2012-FY2014. At the lower end of the price band, the stock is valued at ~24.8x PE on FY2014 earnings which we believe is fair considering its i) strong brand image, ii) strong distribution network, iii) healthy balance sheet and iv) widening product portfolio. We recommend Subscribe to the issue at the lower end of the price band from a two-year perspective. From a one-year perspective, we see limited upside potential as valuations seem to be fair.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
 
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Chrysler US Sales up 20 Percent in NovemberIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Blacklisting of pro-Israel watchdog organization NGO Monitor by the Associated PressBy David Bernstein December 2
Former AP journalist Matti Friedman wrote an article this past Summer about how the media frames the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians for an online magazine called Tablet. To his surprise, it went viral, with almost one hundred thousand Facebook shares. It was recommended at the VC by David Post and me . Many people think it’s the single best article ever written on the topic, in part because it provides a rare insider perspective, from someone who actually worked for a major media company’s Jerusalem bureau.
Friedman is back with an even longer and, I think, even more revealing article on the same topic, this time in The Atlantic . Among other things, he ruminates about how many Israel correspondents act not as objective journalists, but as part of class of mostly foreign elites who live in Israel or the territories and have taken up the Palestinian cause. This class includes the employees of international organizations based in the Palestinians territories, and several left-wing Israeli NGOs.
Friedman points out that these highly influential organizations are almost never subjected to any real scrutiny by the reporters who rely on them as objective sources. And indeed, the Associated Press, according to Friedman, actually banned its journalists from interviewing Gerald Steinberg, an American-Israeli professor who runs the watchdog organization NGO Monitor out of Jerusalem. Here’s the relevant paragraph:
Around this time, a Jerusalem-based group called NGO Monitor was battling the international organizations condemning Israel after the Gaza conflict, and though the group was very much a pro-Israel outfit and by no means an objective observer, it could have offered some partisan counterpoint in our articles to charges by NGOs that Israel had committed “war crimes.” But the bureau’s explicit orders to reporters were to never quote the group or its director, an American-raised professor named Gerald Steinberg. In my time as an AP writer moving through the local conflict, with its myriad lunatics, bigots, and killers, the only person I ever saw subjected to an interview ban was this professor.
Long-time readers will recall that I’ve relied on NGO Monitor’s work in the past. Indeed, one of the most consequential “scoops” I’ve had as a blogger, that Human Rights Watch Middle East director Sarah Leah Whitson fundraised among rich Saudi Arabians with a pledge to use the money to counter pro-Israel forces in the West, came from NGO Monitor. My blog post on this, reprinted at the Wall Street Journal’s website , set off a controversy about HRW’s anti-Israel bias that has yet to fully recede (and assuredly won’t until someone less maniacally anti-Israel than Whitson and her boss Kenneth Roth is in charge).
More generally, Steinberg and NGO Monitor are huge players in the debate over the role NGOs play in the Israel-Palestinian conflict, and has been particularly effective in revealing how many NGOs in both Israel and the territories that are hostile to Israel’s existence receive the bulk of their funding from European governments, creating significant controversy in Israel and Europe. I’ve been following NGO Monitor for years, and have yet to see the organization tell any lies or make any significant errors, which is much more than one can say for, e.g., Human Rights Watch and other anti-Israel organizations routinely relied upon by the media as objective sources. I’ve also met Steinberg and worked with his staff; they are professional, dedicated, and, based on my conversations with them, quite moderate in terms of the Israeli political spectrum.
Given all this, it’s hard to come up with an innocent explanation for the AP banning its reporters from talking to Steinberg, assuming Friedman is correct. There are many possible non-innocent explanations, and none of them reflect well on the AP and how it covers the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
UPDATE: The AP denies that it blacklisted Steinberg and NGO Monitor.  I have requested more information from both the AP and Friedman, and will post an update when I have a more exact grasp of each side’s position.
David Bernstein is the George Mason University Foundation Professor at the George Mason University School of Law in Arlington, VA.

Live: India is prepared for tapering  says RBI GovernerLive: India is prepared for tapering  says RBI Governer
Governor General of Australia calls on the PresidentGovernor General of Australia calls on the President
Apology wont suffice  Niranjan Jyoti must resign: OppositionmembersWritten by Liz Mathew , Shubhajit Roy | New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 6:24 pm | Updated: December 3, 2014 12:52 pm
With nowhere to hide after her ‘Ramzaadon-versus-haramzaadon’ remarks, the BJP on Tuesday forced Union Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti to apologise in both Houses of Parliament but a combined Opposition demanded her resignation and registration of a case over her highly offensive remarks at a BJP public meeting in Delhi.
While Lok Sabha later settled for the apology , Rajya Sabha had to be adjourned for the day with the Opposition refusing to relent, insisting on action against the minister. Proceedings in both Houses got off to a stormy start. In Lok Sabha, Opposition members ran into the well of the House, shouting “the minister should resign… the minister should apologise”. Congress MPs including Jyotiraditya Scindia, K C Venugopal, Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury and TMC members Kalyan Banerjee and Kakoli Ghosh Dastidar were among the first to enter the well. They were joined by MPs of the Samajwadi Party, Left parties and Aam Aadmi Party.
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi too rose from his seat and joined the protest. MPs waved copies of The Indian Express which reported Jyoti’s remarks — at a BJP public meeting in Delhi on Monday, the minister asked voters to choose between ‘Ramzadon’ (those born of Ram) and ‘haramzadon’ (illegitimately born). Even members of the treasury benches were seen reading the newspaper.
Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge, whose adjournment notices on the issue were rejected by Speaker Sumitra Mahajan, said the “objectionable” language used by Jyoti had created tension at a time when communal riots had taken place. While rejecting the adjournment notices, the Speaker said the matter was “important but does not warrant interruption of proceedings”. Mahajan said members could raise the matter during Zero Hour but this did not satisfy Opposition MPs who also demanded an apology from the Prime Minister.
Proceedings had to be adjourned for 15 minutes. When Lok Sabha met again, Jyoti said: “My intention was not to hurt anyone. If my speech outside the House has hurt anyone, I express my deep regrets and accept…” In Rajya Sabha, she said: “If certain words spoken by me outside the House have hurt someone, I take back my words and offer regret. However, if the House feels so, I am also ready to seek an apology.” But Opposition elders did not accept her regret and Rajya Sabha could not transact any business in view of repeated adjournments.
In Rajya Sabha, she said: “If certain words spoken by me outside the House have hurt someone, I take back my words and offer regret. However, if the House feels so, I am also ready to seek an apology.” But Opposition elders did not accept her regret and Rajya Sabha could not transact any business in view of repeated continued…

As oil blow looms  Russia warns of recession...As oil blow looms, Russia warns of recession next year
Agencies Dec 2, 2014, 04.17PM IST
Tags:
economic development ministry
(Russia's economy has been…)
MOSCOW: The Russian government has for the first time acknowledged that the country will fall into recession next year, battered by the combination of Western sanctions and a plunge in the price of its oil exports.
The economic development ministry on Tuesday revised its GDP forecast for 2015 from growth of 1.2 per cent to a drop of 0.8 per cent. Disposable income is expected to decline by 2.8 per cent against the previously expected 0.4 per cent growth.
Russia's economy has been damaged by low oil prices, a key export and the backbone of the state budget, as well as Western sanctions over its role in eastern Ukraine. The sanctions are hurting Russian banks and investment sentiment is down. The national currency, the ruble, has dropped by more than 40 per cent this year, raising concerns of a spike in inflation that can hurt spending.
The release of the forecast on Tuesday afternoon reversed a modest rally in the Russian market, bringing the ruble 2 per cent lower against the dollar, to 52.30 per dollar.
Russia has a solid balance sheet, extremely low sovereign debt and sizeable reserves in foreign currencies, but its dependence on oil leaves it at the mercy of the international market. And its increasing political isolation risks discouraging foreign investment.
``The real damage from the collapsing ruble and oil price is to investment and growth,'' said Chris Weafer, senior partner at Moscow-based Macro-Advisory, said in a note to investors.
``Russia is a non-investible country for all but the bravest of hedge fund investors right now, and will remain in this category until both the ruble and oil stabilize at minimum. ``
The expected rise in inflation will also hurt consumer confidence and business activity, Weafer said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sahara permitted by SC to sell 4 properties worth over Rs. 2700 croreNew Delhi, December 2, 2014
Updated: December 2, 2014 20:32 IST
SC permits Sahara to sell 4 properties worth over Rs. 2,700 crore
PTI
company information
Court allows the group to sell properties in Jodhpur, Pune, Chauma in Gurgaon and Vasai.
The Supreme Court on Tuesday permitted the Sahara Group to proceed with the sale of four domestic properties, which is likely to fetch Rs. 2,710 crore, in its bid to raise Rs. 10,000 crore for the release of its jailed chief Subrata Roy.
The court allowed the group to sell properties in Jodhpur, Pune, Chauma in Gurgaon and Vasai in Mumbai after it was satisfied that the transactions were in accordance with its June 4 order.
This order had stated that “such sales are not for a price lower than the estimated value indicated in the statement filed before this Court or the circle rates fixed for the area in which such properties are situated”.
A bench headed by Justice T.S. Thakur was told that the transactions for these properties would be completed by May 2015 and in the meantime, the purchasers would deposit post-dated cheques in the name of SEBI-Sahara refund account with undertakings that those would be honoured on due dates.
The bench, also comprising justices A.R. Dave and A.K. Sikri, was informed that the group has already generated Rs. 184.5 crore as part payment for its assets in Jodhpur, Chauma and Vasai and following which it was allowed to hand over three demand drafts and one cheque to SEBI’s counsel.
Regarding the sale of Pune property which would fetch Rs. 550 crore, Sahara Group through senior advocates Rajiv Dhawan and S. Ganesh said that the agreement was not signed due to unavoidable circumstances and in the near future, the deal will be through and it is expected to get Rs. 50 crore as initial part payment.
Accepting the proposal, the bench permitted it to go ahead with the proposed deal and deposit Rs. 50 crore with SEBI-Sahara refund account.
Out of the list of nine domestic properties, Sahara has already sold its Ahmedabad property and has raised Rs. 411.82 crores which has gone into the account of SEBI.
However, Sahara Group would have to wait for getting clearance for raising ‘junior loan’ of $650 million (approx. Rs. 3,600 crore) as a part of the scheme to overcome the liability with Bank of China which had lent money to it in purchasing stakes in three overseas hotels, Dream Downtown and The Plaza in New York and Grosvenor House in London.
SEBI’s counsel Arvind Dattar and senior advocate Shekhar Naphade, who is assisting the court as an amicus curiae in the matter, submitted that certain terms of transactions were not clear like the issue of escrow agent and the liability which is likely to rise for the Sahara.
The bench asked the Sahara Group to provide all information sought by the amicus and the market regulator within a week and posted the matter for further hearing on December 17.

http://usat.ly/1yaHKlwFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
SUVs hot in best November auto sales since 2001
Chrysler, GM report strong November sales, Ford off as new F-150 ramps up production. GM's Cadillac brand was a notable loser, down nearly 19% despite a fresh line of cars and what has been an enduring mid-size SUV. < Group kicked off today's cavalcade of November auto sales reports with  a 20% jump in year-over-year November sales, best since 2001. Jeep was up 27% for its best November ever.
Post to Facebook
SUVs hot in best November auto sales since 2001 Chrysler, GM report strong November sales, Ford off as new F-150 ramps up production. GM's Cadillac brand was a notable loser, down nearly 19% despite a fresh line of cars and what has been an enduring mid-size SUV. < Group kicked off today's cavalcade of November auto sales reports with  a 20% jump in year-over-year November sales, best since 2001. Jeep was up 27% for its best November ever. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1yaHKlw
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
16
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
SUVs hot in best November auto sales since 2001
James R. Healey and Fred Meier , USA TODAY 6:02 p.m. EST December 2, 2014
Escape compact crossover SUV sales boom  helped Ford  limit its November sales loss to 1.8%.
(Photo: Ford Motor)
313 CONNECT 169 TWEET 10 LINKEDIN 16 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Many shoppers apparently headed for car dealers rather than the malls over the Thanksgiving weekend, driving a big finish for already strong auto industry sales in November.
Total industry sales for the month were up 4.6%, to slightly more than 1.3 million, the best since 2001. The annualized selling rate was 17.2 million, according to Autodata.
Many makers promoted extra "Black Friday" deals to take advantage of the month's holiday weekend, and loans rates remain low.
"Clever advertising from a handful of automakers planted the seed in shoppers' minds that rather than standing in Black Friday lines at retail stores to save tens of dollars, they could instead pocket hundreds and even thousands by taking advantage of deals on cars," said Jeremy Acevedo, analyst for car-shopping website Edmunds.com.
"This message seems to have resonated, particularly for GM's Buick and GMC brands that offered 20% off sticker prices for all models," Acevedo said. GM's 6.5% sales increase for the month strongly beat expectations.
Chrysler Group kicked off today's cavalcade of November auto sales reports with  a healthy 20% jump vs. the month a year ago courtesy of its star brand, Jeep.
Ford, meanwhile, reported a 1.8% decline — which it said was expected as it works to increase availability of its redesigned 2015 F-150 pickup, the redone Mustang and the new Transit commercial van.
Among the biggest foreign makers, Toyota's overall sales were up 3% from a year ago, Honda gained 4.6% and Nissan was off 3.1%, though that still was better than expected.
Company-by-company details for the industry:
GENERAL MOTORS
General Motors, lately an also-ran in the sales-increase arena, posted a healthy 6.5% increase over a year ago, selling 225,818 new cars and trucks in November, best for that month since pre-recession 2007.
"Significantly better than expected," commented Ryan Brinkman, JPMorgan auto industry investment analyst. And it was accompanied by rising transaction prices, he pointed out, suggesting higher profits.
It wasn't without a big issue, though.
Luxury brand Cadillac was a sad story — down 18.7% as the collapse of its car sales and its midsize crossover SUV were too much for the big Escalade SUV's  booming sales to outweigh.
XTS, a big sedan that was supposed to edge the brand closer to its German rivals, withered 50.3%. ATS, the small entry sedan intended to match the BMW 3 Series, was off 33.7%. And CTS, recently redesigned, was down 7.5%.
Even Cadillac's stalwart SRX midsize crossover SUV, despite buyers' renewed SUV fervor, continued its vanishing act — down 30.9%.
GM's Buick premium brand and its GMC truck brand posted the biggest increases, 27% and 22.7%, respectively, as GM was able to sell to both ends of the buying spectrum.
Buick's heroes:
Encore, a subcompact SUV, among the pioneers of upmarket small SUVs, now is reaping the fruits of its daring as urbanites rush to trim, well-furnished SUVs. Encore's sales were up 71.9%.
Lacrosse sedan jumped 70.6%. It was heavily promoted on TV with ads suggesting that Buick is a hip brand, not a fogey's ride, and with 20% discounts later in the month.
GMC benefited from buyers' return to trucks as fuel prices slide and mileage becomes less important, and by GMC's affiliation with the NFL, advertising heavily on football games.
Sierra full-size pickup sales zoomed 57% ahead of November a year ago. The redesigned Yukon full-size, traditional, truck-based SUV was up 14.5%, while the smaller Terrain SUV rose 13.4%.
At GM's cornerstone brand, Chevrolet, the Spark minicar had the biggest jump, 64.3%, but that still was just a total 2,861 vehicles.
Cruze compact sedan was a lively seller, up 25.6%, in a very competitive segment where it's had trouble sustaining momentum. Chevy's midsize Malibu, on the other hand, tumbled 16.7% despite recent updates.
Silverado full-size pickup improved 24.5%, and the big, Silverado-based Tahoe SUV rose 10.4%.
Chevrolet's midsize Colorado pickup made its debut, snagging about the same number of buyers as the Corvette sports car. GM expects that to ramp up fast, based on big numbers of dealer orders before the truck hit the market.
GM's full-size Sierra and Silverado combined outsold the Ford F-Series, selling a combined 65,343 to Ford's 59,049 as the new-design, aluminum-body F-150 still is cranking up production.
GM shares closed up 1% to $33.26 on Tuesday.
FORD MOTOR
U.S. sales were 187,000 vehicles, and the decline came despite 22% growth for the Escape compact crossover to 25,528 and a 13% gain for the Explorer to 14,949.
Ford cars were down 5% overall, with only the Police Interceptor and the all-new Mustang posting gains. Ford sold 8,728 of the new Mustangs.
The redesigned version of the big F-150 pickup, the best-selling U.S. vehicle, was just arriving at dealers in November, and its sales, mostly close-out 2014s, were down 9.9%.
The Lincoln brand posted an overall 21% jump to 8,113, led by the refreshed Navigator's 88% growth to 1,433.
Ford shares bounced up 0.8% to close at $15.90.
CHRYSLER GROUP
The unit of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles said it sold 170,839 new cars and trucks this November,  making it the best November since 2001. Jeep was up 27%, setting a record for the month.
The Jeep Cherokee, long-delayed replacement for the Liberty, had been on sale only a short time a year ago. This year's monthly total was 66.6% better than the previous November.
The small Jeep Patriot, long in the tooth but still popular and benefiting from buyers' return to SUVs — especially small ones — was up 47%.
The new-design Chrysler 200 sedan  zoomed 155%, pulling up the Chrysler brand overall by 29.6%.
Laggards were the Fiat and Dodge brands, each up just 1% despite new models.
Fiat-owned Alfa Romeo returned to the U.S. with the 4C sports car, finding 24 buyers.
Fiat Chrysler stock, traded as FCAU, closed up 3% at $13.09. FCAU went public mid-October at $9.
TOYOTA MOTOR
The big Japan-based automaker, No. 3 on the U.S. sales charts, took a hit in cars but was rescued by trucks and wound up reporting 183,346 sales in November, up 3% from a year earlier.
Toyota-brand cars were off 2.7%. Lexus luxury brand car sales were down 0.7%. Toyota's youth-oriented Scion sub-brand, which sells only cars, crashed 21.7%.
Toyota's only car to sell well in the month was the Corolla compact sedan, up 13.2%. The Camry midsize sedan, despite an update for 2015, was off 5.1%.
But Toyota's SUVs, which the industry counts as trucks, were boosted by the recently redone but still old-school 4Runner midsize SUV, which was up 53.4%, and the makeover of the Highlander crossover SUV, up 16.7%.
The smaller RAV4 crossover SUV was up 8.5%.
Lexus SUVs overall were up 3.2%.
"Auto industry sales during Thanksgiving weekend were even better than expected," said Bill Fay, Toyota division group vice president and general manager. "Consumer demand for light trucks continues unabated, and Toyota dealers set November sales records for light trucks and SUVs."
AMERICAN HONDA
The company said it sold 121,814 Honda and Acura vehicles in the month, up 4.6%, as a number of models set records.
Honda's CR-V compact crossover SUV, already the best-selling SUV of any kind in the U.S., jumped 37.7% to set a November record.
The redesigned Fit subcompact hatchback also broke its November sales record, zooming 55.1%. That helped offset significant declines by the company's two core sedans, Accord midsize and Civic compact.
Acura's TLX sedan, new to the lineup, was by far the brand's best-selling car, and it helped boost the premium marque's car sales 29.5%. Acura's SUV sales, though, ran counter to the industry and fell 11.4%.
NISSAN MOTOR
The company reported a sales decline of 3.1% in November to 103,188, as both its Nissan and Infiniti brands fell.
The company also said that with a month remaining its year-to-date U.S. sales are  1,269,577, up 11.5% from a year ago, already a full-year record.
Nissan brand sales were down 1.7% from a year ago, with car sales down 6.6%, offsetting a 6.5% gain for its trucks and crossovers.
Leading truck growth was a 43.7% gain for the redone Rogue compact crossover.
Sales for the Sentra compact sedan were up 6%, but sales for the brand's volume leader, the Altima midsize sedan, were off 7.2% to 22,832.
Overall sales for the Infiniti premium brand fell 13.3% from a year ago to  11,398.
SUBARU
Subie posted a record November in the U.S., up 24% from a year ago to 45,273, and already has broken its annual sales record with a month to go with year-to-date sales up 21% to 463,770.
The redone Outback posted a record month (up 59.6% to 14,128), as did the Forest SUV that continues to be hot (up 3.5% to 13,879), and the WRX performance model (up 79.6% to 2,707).
Meanwhile, the redone Legacy midsize sedan, posted a 97% sales increase to 5,733, continuing its comeback in that large market segment.
"Since achieving our 2013 record earlier this month, every sale is a new record," said Thomas J. Doll, president and chief operating officer, Subaru of America. "2014 will be a historic year for the Subaru franchise as we will break 500,000 sales before year end."
VOLKSWAGEN
Propelled by sales of the refreshed Jetta compact sedan and redesigned Golf line, VW continued its sales turnaround after months of declines to post a 3.2% sales gain in November to 31,725.
The bump came on sales of cars and despite the brand's limited offerings of crossover SUVs, which drove the sales at most makers in the month.
The Jetta's sales jumped 31.8% to 14,268, while the new Golf was up 85.9% to 2,149 and the Golf GTI performance model was up 64.8% to 1,725. The flagship Passat midsize sedan, however, plunged 21.5% to 6,966 in November and is off 12% this year for the 11 months through November.
Sales of the brand's aging SUVs continue to be even, even as SUV sales overall are booming, with the Tiguan compact down 16.5% year-to-date and the Touareg midsize down 14.3%.
Diesel-powered vehicles accounted for 17.2% of VW sales.
AUDI
With a month to go in the year, the Volkswagen-owned premium brand has already passed last year's U.S. record sales and ensuring a fifth consecutive record year. Sales in November shot up 22% vs. the month a year ago to 16,640 vehicles and year-to-date sales are up 15.4% to 162,773.
Sales of SUVs were strong, with the three-row Q7 up 14.6% to 1,746 units and the smaller Q5 up 16.8% to 4,184 units sold for the month.
The new A3 line, now with gas and diesel sedans, a convertible and a performance model, continued a steady rollout with sales of 2,511.
Diesel models generated 12.2% of sales, with the big Q7 at 19.1%.
HYUNDAI
The South Korean automaker reported sales declined 4% in November to 53,672, though it noted that the slip was against a record November a year ago. The redone Sonata midsize sedan, the brand's volume leader, has sales up 12% to 18,515. And the Genesis premium sedan had sales up 57% from a year ago to 2,431.
KIA
The Hyundai corporate sibling reported sales of sales of 44,936 units, down 1%, but enough to already give the brand a third consecutive year of 500,000-plus sales and put it on pace for another U.S. record.
Volume leaders were the Optima midsize sedan at 12,707, up 16,8% and the Soul boxy car at 9,146, down 28.9%. The brand's biggest percentage gainer was its all-new Sedona minivan with sales up 578% to 3,538.
MERCEDES-BENZ
The German automaker generally followed the industry — car sales tumbled, but the maker was rescued by strong SUV sales.
Car sales fell 7.1%, while SUVs zipped 18.6%, for an overall increase of 2% in November.
Car stars were the new C-Class, up 24.5%, and the big S-Class sedan up 34.8%.
SUV standouts were the M-Class SUV, up 19.9%, and the GLA small SUV, which wasn't on sale last year, added 1,812 sales to account for 12% of all M-B SUV sales.
MAZDA
The Japanese maker reported monthly sales up 2.4% vs. a year ago to 21,242 vehicles.
Growth leaders were the CX-5 small crossover, up 14.2% to 7,220, and the Mazda6 midsize sedan, up 6.9% to 3,891.
The volume-selling Mazda3 compact was flat at 7,761.
BMW GROUP
Sales for the BMW and Mini brands overall declined about 1% in November to 36,028, driven by a 2.3% slip in sales of BMW-brand vehicles to 31,019, while Mini posted a gain of 9.5% to 5,009.
"The traffic in our showrooms was very strong in November, especially over the Thanksgiving weekend, and I expect that momentum to continue in December and carry us to an all-time sales record at the end of 2014," said Ludwig Willisch, president and CEO, BMW of North America. "I am especially pleased to see Mini moving forward as availability of the new models improves. "
PORSCHE
The performance brand's sales rose 18.5% to 4,699, led by a 68.6% jump in sales of its SUVs to 2,606.
The company noted that November was the first full month of sales for the redone 2015 Cayenne SUV and sales were 1,619 Cayenne vehicle deliveries. The all-new Macan small SUV had sales of 897.
JAGUAR LAND ROVER.
Sales fell 19% in November to 4,897.
Jaguar car sales fell 13.3% to 1,253, while Land Rover SUVs fell 20.8% to 3,644.
VOLVO
U.S. sales for the Chinese-owned Swedish maker fell 14.4% to 3,623.
The XC60 crossover and S60 sedan were the brand's best-sellers.
A new XC90 big crossover SUV is in the wings and Volvo hopes it will spark sales.
313 CONNECT 169 TWEET 10 LINKEDIN 16 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1yaHKlw
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer still on the run | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Stock futures point to higher open  crude oil falls againEnergy rally boosts Wall St. despite global growth woes
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
CVS Health
U.S. stocks rose in a volatile Tuesday session as energy shares rallied and investors bet the Federal Reserve will be cautious in removing support in the face of a more fragile global economy.
Futures had crumbled in early trading as the ruble neared 80 per U.S. dollar, down 21 percent. The Russian currency sharply pared its losses and was down about 3 percent, near 68 per dollar.
8
Brent crude fell as much as 4.2 percent but was last down 1.2 percent at $60.36 a barrel. U.S. crude, which fell as much as 4.1 percent, was recently up 0.2 percent at $56.04 a barrel after gaining as much as 2.2 percent.
Energy shares, up 2.9 percent, were the largest gainers on the S&P 500.
"There were many, many stocks, especially in the energy sector that were just trading at absolutely ridiculous prices to their fair market valuation," said Paul Mendelsohn, chief investment strategist at Windham Financial Services in Charlotte, Vermont.
cComments
This article has scant reference to the biggest story on the international scene today, the free fall of the Russian Rouble now at 79 to the dollar, up from the 30s just a short time ago. BBC said today, "Russia's rouble went into free-fall in Tuesday trading, falling repeatedly to...
Kasha11
131
"That is really what started the rally, when investors really started to come into the energy stocks."
Chevron, up 2.6 percent, was leading the points advance in the sector. Chevron's forward price-to-earnings ratio was at 13.6 at the close on Monday, compared to the S&P 500's 16.1, meaning investors pay less for every dollar of Chevron's earnings than they do for the S&P 500 overall.
Among the top percentage gainers, Nabors Industries, up 7.6 percent, had a forward P/E of 8.6, while Denbury Resources' P/E was 8.9. Denbury rose 8.4 percent.
The 43 components of the S&P 500 energy sector were in positive territory.
At 12:57 p.m. EST (1757 GMT) the Dow Jones industrial average rose 118.86 points, or 0.69 percent, to 17,299.7, the S&P 500 gained 12.12 points, or 0.61 percent, to 2,001.75 and the Nasdaq Composite added 11.51 points, or 0.25 percent, to 4,616.67.
Market participants also said bets on the Federal Reserve's next move were giving stocks support. Fed officials will decide this week whether to make a critical change to their policy statement that would widen the door for interest rate hikes next year. In October, The Fed repeated that benchmark rates were unlikely to rise for a "considerable time."
"Perhaps markets think the Fed will not be as on-schedule on taking out that language," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial in Newark, New Jersey.
She said the market is betting the Fed will give consideration to rapidly changing financial conditions. A Fed statement and news conference are expected on Wednesday.
CVS Health Corp, rose 3.8 percent to $94.14 after a strong 2015 forecast. 3M lifted its dividend and was the top points gainer on the Dow industrials with a 2.2 percent advance.
Boeing, up 2.4 percent at $124.95, was among the best performers after it raised its dividend and perked up its buyback program.
NYSE advancing issues outnumbered decliners 2,018 to 996, for a 2.03-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,714 issues rose and 945 fell for a 1.81-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 was posting 10 new 52-week highs and 39 lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 22 new highs and 154 lows.
(Additional reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak; editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

EMIs to remain high  as RBI keeps lending rates intactEMIs to remain high  as RBI keeps lending rates intact
Modi lauds Tripura s success over terrorism: CMModi lauds Tripura s success over terrorism: CM
China punishes internet firms for spreading pornChina punishes internet firms for spreading porn
OPEC daily basket price closes at five-year lowOPEC daily basket price closes at five-year low
Document undermines HP  says LynchDocument raises questions on HP’s $8.8bn writedown of Autonomy
Murad Ahmed, Jonathan Guthrie and Richard Waters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ea6ef17c-7951-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Coal scam:  Why Ex-PM not examinedSave this video
Copy URL
A special court, while seeking clarification on the coal block allocation case involving the K M Birla owned Hindalco, asked the CBI whether it had examined the then Coal Minister and former prime minister Manmohan Singh in the case.
118

Jaitley cautions against regulatory overlapsNew Delhi, December 1, 2014
Updated: December 1, 2014 18:28 IST
Jaitley cautions against regulatory overlaps
PTI
Tweet
The Hindu
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley during ICN Merger Workshop 2014 ‘International Cooperation and Remedies in Merger Review’, in New Delhi on Monday. Photo: Sandeep Saxena
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Active and responsive regulators ensure fair play but emergence of multi-sectoral regulators raises concerns about their crossing each other’s jurisdictional areas, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Monday.
Mergers and acquisitions would continue to create big corporate conglomerates but there is a need to draw a red line to avoid dominance and curbing of open competition in market by them, he said while addressing a conference on competition issues here.
According to him, there is a need to have an active and responsive regulator.
However, Mr. Jaitley cautioned about growth of multi-sectoral regulators in recent times and chances of their crossing in each other’s jurisdictional areas.
He was inaugurating the International Competition Network (ICN) Merger workshop here, organised by Competition Commission of India (CCI).
Stressing that people learn from global experiences, he said: “If two telecom majors are to amalgamate, will there be common turf areas between the telecom regulator and market regulator CCI. Therefore, how do you built the jurisdiction of the two. Obviously jurisdiction in this area is emerging.”
Meanwhile, the government is in the process of implementing a large number of legislative and administrative recommendations of the Financial Sector Reforms Commission (FSLRC), which had suggested a major overhauling of financial sector regulations.
“As the change in process of reform continues... I have not the least doubt that a large number of these (FSLRC) recommendations will actually see implementation in the days to come,” Mr. Jaitley had said last week.
FSLRC, chaired by Justice B.N. Srikrishna, has suggested a non-sectoral, principle-based approach to revamp the existing framework. Among various suggestions, the FSLRC has suggested creation of a unified financial sector regulator comprising SEBI, IRDA, FMC and part of RBI.

What India searched the most in 2014: Narendra Modi  ISIS  Sunny Leone  Drama Queen  HolidayBy: Tech Desk | New Delhi |
Posted: December 1, 2014 7:05 pm | Updated: December 1, 2014 7:33 pm
Bing has revealed top search trends for 2014, the search engine annual look-back at what information people are searching for the most on the Internet.
Not surprisingly, movies, music, sports, celebrities, politics, and news emerge as the most popular searches among Indian netizens.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is the most sought-after political leader, ahead of Jayalalithaa, Smriti Irani, and even Jawaharlal Nehru, the country’s first prime minister.
Despite retiring, Sourav Ganguly continues his reign at the top as the most popular sportsperson on the Net while Sunny Leone tops the celebrity list, fighting off challenge from Katrina Kaif and Deepika Padukone.
World peace seems top-of-mind for online audiences, with more Indians actively tracking ISIS online than the 2014 general elections and Mangalgyaan Mars Orbiter. Mission Sunny Leone starrer Ragini MMS 2, 2014’s top opening weekend grosser, topped the Internet charts.
 

IIT Kharagpur student gets whopping Rs 1.5 cr pay packageIIT Kharagpur student gets whopping pay package of Rs 1.5 cr
By: PTI |        Kolkata |  December 5, 2014 11:03 am
Summary
In one of the fattest pay package offered to an IITian ever in campus placements, a student of IIT Kharagpur…
IIT Kharagpur officials said the salary package was among the 163 offers made by 27 visiting companies yesterday on the first day of campus placements. Reuters
In one of the fattest pay package offered to an IITian ever in campus placements, a student of IIT Kharagpur has been offered a whopping annual salary of over Rs 1.5 crore.
IIT Kharagpur officials said the salary package was among the 163 offers made by 27 visiting companies yesterday on the first day of campus placements.
The highest domestic package was of Rs 42 lakh and highest offer from abroad was of USD 250,000 (Rs 1.54 crore), the officials said.
IIT authorities have refused to disclose details about the student or the company which made the offer, saying “this brings unnecessary attention to the student.”
IIT sources claimed that the 1.54 crore offer is the highest ever package received by the Kharagpur unit and among the largest ever in all IITs.
The highest number of offers (24) was made by niche analytics consulting company EXL Service Pvt Ltd due to growth induced demand, followed by international brands like Visa, Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse, Cisco, Microsoft IDC.
Analytics, IT and Finance are leading so far.
The first time visitors – Parthenon, TSMC , BMGI, VISA, Baker Hughes, and Auctus Advisors – gave an encouraging response and offered large number of positions to IIT Kharagpur talents.
Professor Sudhirkumar Barai, Chairman of Career Development Center, IIT-Kharagpur, said from this year onwards special emphasis will be given to boost the confidence of the graduating students with the help of corporate workshops, case study contests, alumni mentorship session, assessment tests and soft skill training.
“The preparation has shown an impressive success in terms of day one placement this year at IIT Kharagpur. Further, there has been renewed realisation in Indian industry for highly qualified engineering professionals in Quality Engineering, Product Design and Manufacturing. IIT Kharagpur has been quick to identify this need and accordingly have initiated a programme in this field,” Barai said.
The total offers received so far stands at 251, which includes 88 pre-placement offers.
Meanwhile, as many as 153 students of IIT Kanpur received offer letters for jobs from various companies on the first day of its campus placement drive which began yesterday, with the highest pay package offered so far being nearly Rs 60 lakh.
“So far, no one has received an offer of Rs one crore or above. The salary packages offered so far range between Rs 45 to 60 lakh,” an IIT Kanpur official said.
IIT Kanpur’s placement cell’s chairman Deepu Philip told PTI that 50 companies, including MNCs, Indian private firms and PSUs, have visited the campus for placements and 40 more will be participating in the drive today.
The placement drive will continue till December 24.
Nearly 1,300 students of B Tech, B Tech Dual and M Tech have registered themselves for the placements so far. More students are expected to register for the same, Philip said.
Like in IIT Kharagpur, the maximum number of offers (38) has come from EXL Service Pvt Ltd. Oracle and Tower Research are other two companies which have offered high salary packages to students.
According to IIT Kanpur officials, at least 250 companies including MNC’s and Indian PSU’s have agreed to come to the campus for placements.
MNC’s like Google, Oracle, Mitsubishi, Amazon, City Bank, Microsoft, Samsung, Facebook and other national companies will visit the campus till the last day, they said.
TAGS: IIT Kharagpur
More from miscellaneous

Pharma department may set up price monitoring cellsPharma department considers setting up price monitoring cells for drugs
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 15:42 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
The Department of Pharmaceuticals is considering setting up price monitoring cells in all States to provide technical assistance to the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) and drug controllers.
"A scheme of National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority for setting up price monitoring cell in states" is under initial scrutiny of the Department of Pharmaceuticals, Minister of Chemicals and Fertilisers Hansraj Gangaram Ahir informed the Lok Sabha on Tuesday.
The price monitoring cells will render technical assistance to State Drug Controllers and NPPA in monitoring the notified price of medicines, price movement of scheduled/non-scheduled formulations, collection/monitoring availability of drugs as required under provisions of DPCO, the minister said in a written reply.
On whether the government is aware that the country is among the ones with the highest price of drugs in the world, Ahir said, "Price fixed under the provisions of DPCO, 2013 are reasonable and based on market price data of the drugs sold in the country. There is no available comparison of prices with other countries."

30 years on  a look back at Bhopal gas tragedy30 years on  a look back at bhopal gas tragedy
24 naval submarines involved in mishaps since 2011:GovtBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 6:33 pm
There have been 24 mishaps involving Indian naval submarines since 2011, claiming the lives of 22 personnel besides four others going missing, Rajya Sabha was informed on Tuesday.
While Boards of Inquiry (BoIs) have been instituted in all these cases, the findings of the completed BoIs indicate “human error and technical issues as the reasons behind the mishaps”, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar said in reply to a written question.
While three accidents each occured in 2011 and 2012, seven happened in 2013 and 11 till November 6, this year. The accidents in 2013 included the one involving INS Sindhurakshak in which 18 personnel were killed.
In the latest incident in which TRV-72 (torpedo recovery vehicle) sank off Visakhapatnam on November six, one naval personnel lost his life while four others “still remain missing”, Parrikar said, adding six others on board were safely rescued.
To a question on crashes of defence aircraft, he said a total of 24 defence planes have crashed from 2012-13 till November 26, this year.
As many as 32 defence personnel lost their lives in these incidents, while seven others were injured.
The loss to the government in terms of the value of aircraft and service property in respect of 12 of these aircraft, where assessment has been completed, is estimated at Rs 536.98 crore, the Minister said.

Mallya s exit props UB stocks; Troubles moun...Vijay Mallya's exit brings fizz to UB stocks; Troubles mount further
PTI Dec 2, 2014, 06.38PM IST
Tags:
diageo
(This came a day after Vijay Mallya having…)
MUMBAI: In an irony of sorts, self-proclaimed 'King of Good Times' Vijay Mallya today saw shares of his various group companies soar higher even as fresh troubles surfaced in form of the group's holding entity being slapped with yet another 'wilful defaulter' tag.
This came a day after Mallya having to quit top posts at two group companies -- Mangalore Chemicals & Fertilisers Ltd (MCFL) and long-grounded Kingfisher Airlines.
While most analysts have long stopped covering UB stocks due to continuing troubles at various group companies and lack of liquidity , they were also taken by surprise to see a sudden spike of up to 20 per cent in their share prices today.
Some of them said investors might be seeing the developments as a beginning of the endgame for Mallya, who no more has controlling stakes in United Spirits and United Breweries Ltd and his exit from MCFL and Kingfisher could leave UB Holdings Ltd (UBHL) as the only major entity where he may still have a significant role.
A few other analysts, however, said that the spike in UB group stocks could be like a 'dead cat bounce', which speculators might use to exit from their long-held positions.
The latest round of problems began last week with the minority shareholders of United Spirits Ltd (USL) trouncing proposed financial dealings of the company with its erstwhile promoter Mallya, who remains its Chairman as of now.
USL's controlling shareholder Diageo is mulling over ways to take forward the matter after an unprecedented activism on part of investors to reject a proposal involving business transactions between existing and erstwhile promoters.
In another unprecedented setback, Mallya's re-appointment as Managing Director of Kingfisher Airlines has been annulled by the government, while he had to quit on his own from the board of MCFL yesterday.
The problems are expected to grow further as several banks, including state-run SBI, are believed to have written to the boards of various UB group firms that no further loans would be provided to them in the wake of defaults made by Mallya and his group companies.
A senior banker said the loans availed by almost all UB companies indicated a complex web of transactions, where one entity was guarantor for the other and the second one took loans on the basis of guarantees given by yet another entity from the group or from among the promoters.
Notwithstanding the mounting troubles for the group, its holding company UBHL saw its share price surge by 19.80 per cent to close at Rs 23.90 on the BSE.
McDowell Holdings also rose by 19.93 per cent to Rs 34.30, while United Breweries climbed 8.11 per cent to Rs 825.65. United Spirits Ltd gained 7.14 per cent to Rs 2,913.
Shares of Pioneer Distilleries were also up 5 per cent. Trading in shares of two companies -- Kingfisher and UB Engineering -- got suspended yesterday due to their non- compliance to Listing Agreement norms.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rise and rise of Yadav Singh  in times of Maya or MulayamRise and rise of Yadav Singh, in times of Maya or Mulayam
Vinod Rajput , Hindustan Times  Noida, December 02, 2014
First Published: 16:28 IST(2/12/2014) | Last Updated: 20:00 IST(2/12/2014)
Comments
Noida and Yadav Singh have grown together. The city will continue to burgeon, but it could be curtains for its former chief engineer who now has to explain unexplained riches.
Few questions were asked during the 34 years Singh reigned in New Okhla Industrial Development Authority (Noida). His track record, however, shows he came out unscathed when a few irritants cropped up.
Singh’s journey with Noida Authority began in 1980, when he joined the body as a junior engineer. He started executing small government projects such as drainage, footpaths and parks in the town, which is today the favoured destination of the migrating middle-class.
In the 1980s, Noida was developing and looking for engineers to deal with big infrastructure projects and deliver on time.
Around the same time, a young Dalit woman from Greater Noida’s Badalpur village, Mayawati, was busy building her political career that would one day see her lead the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP).
Since then, she has ruled Uttar Pradesh — India’s most populous and politically key state by virtue of having 80 Lok Sabha seats — four times, with one full span (2007-2012). Singh’s rise, though away from public gaze, has been no less remarkable.
A bungalow Yadav Singh allegedly owns in Noida. Investigators claim he owned over 20 properties in NCR. (Ishwar Chand/HT Photo)
Old-timers remember Singh as an ambitious engineering diploma holder who won over bosses with work and networking skills. He was extremely driven too, working during the day in Noida and attending Bachelor of Engineering (BE) classes at Jamia Millia Islamia University, Delhi, in the evening.
“He was a hero for his Agra-based family. Since he wanted to rise in life and earn a name for his family, he completed his BE in 1995, Master of Engineering in 2003 and PhD in 2012-13,” said one of his relatives who requested not to be named.
 
Singh, also born in a Dalit family, became a senior project engineer in Noida Authority in 1995 and started dealing with bigger public projects. When Mayawati became UP chief minister in 2002, Singh was appointed as the chief project engineer (CPE) for the first time. According to the UP government, the CME post is equivalent to chief engineer level-2.
 
“A chief engineer is responsible for public projects such as construction of government buildings, roads, bridges, underpasses, footpaths, parks, schools, hospitals and flyovers among others. A chief engineer also takes care of maintenance work of public infrastructure. He has got power to approve projects up to worth Rs. 1 crore,” said an official who did not want to be named.
Noida chief engineer plans projects but each work has to get approval from the Noida chief executive officer because all the powers are vested in him as per the Industrial Act-1976.
 
On November 27, Singh found his world going topsy-turvy. The income tax department claimed it had found unaccounted assets in the residence and offices that belonged to Singh and his wife Kusumlata.
Investigators claim Yadav Singh owned a range of luxury cars, including this Audi. (Ishwar Chand/HT Photo)
A team of around 100 officials conducted search operations at 20 buildings connected to Singh and his wife in Noida, Ghaziabad and Delhi.
The taxmen found Rs. 12 lakh from Singh’s house in sector 51. But the eye-popping catch was the taxmen detecting Rs. 10 crore in the car of Ashwini Kumar, who is suspected of having business ties to Kusumlata. What raised eyebrows was Kumar was not a known name in Noida’s business circles.
 
Additionally, there are 20 lockers belonging to Singh and associates waiting to be opened.  
 
“We will open 20 lockers and find out what is lying there. We are yet to reach any conclusion. It will be premature to comment on this issue because our probe is on. We have not yet opened the diary or any other paper that we found in searches,” said AK Tripathi director general (DG), income tax department, UP.
The I-T team is also looking into two firms, Mamta Creations and Meenu Creations, owned by Kusumlata that are suspected of being involved in managing unaccounted money.
An I-T official who requested anonymity said, “We have found that Singh has invested in 35 fake companies. The addresses have been shown in Kolkata. We are yet to substantiate how he has invested the money.”
The I-T search on Singh came on a complaint. “The complainant also alleged Singh got 5% as commission on each contract he awarded. Singh purchased plots at a lower rate and sold them at a much higher rate to earn profit using his influence,” the official said.
When the BSP came back into power in 2007, Singh was again made engineer-in-chief with the Noida Authority.
When the Samajwadi Party came to power in 2012, it lodged an FIR against Singh over alleged irregularities in execution of an Rs. 954 crore underground cable laying project on one of the city’s main roads.
Subsequently, the SP government removed him. State agencies, however, failed to find any wrongdoing by Singh. He got a clean chit in 2013 and began his comeback.
The SP government appointed him as engineer-in-chief again six months ago. Finally, in November, the SP government appointed Singh as engineer-in-chief of all three authorities — Noida, Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway.
He became the first official to be appointed engineer-in-chief of all three authorities.
The three developing industrial hubs have approved funds of around Rs. 20,000 crore for current financial year.

GMB to ink two agreements for developing maritime cluster inGujaratWritten by Avinash Nair | Ahmedabad |
Posted: December 2, 2014 7:01 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 7:36 pm
In order to emulate ports like Rotterdam, Singapore and Hongkong, the Gujarat Maritime Board (GMB) — the nodal agency for port and port-related developments in Gujarat — will seeking help from two foreign agencies from Norway and Dubai.
“We will be signing two co-operation agreements with Maritime Forum of Norway and Institute of Chartered Ship Brokers, Dubai branch, at an event on December 12. These agreements are meant to help us develop a maritime cluster in the state, similar to the ones that exists at Rotterdam, Singapore and Hongkong. A formal proposal for the development of this cluster has also been sent to chief minister Anandi Patel,” said an official of the Gujarat Maritime Board (GMB).
The maritime cluster will develop the “soft infrastructure” needed for the ports in Gujarat. For instance, the cluster will house shipping related business activities like shipping agents, chartering agents, freight forwarders, maritime lawyers, ship financing agencies and other services. “At present, all these services are being given to ports of Gujarat by agencies who are either based in cities like Mumbai and Chennai in India or at overseas locations like Dubai, Singapore and Colombo,” the official remarked.
“This cluster is not capital intensive and can be set up in a few multi-storied buildings as it exists in Dubai,” the official added. The agreements are expected to signed between GMB and the foreign partners at an “international conference and consultative meet” on Maritime Clusters that is being hosted by the GMB at Ahmedabad on December 12.
The event is being organised to involve industry, leading maritime cluster organisations and experts in the state’s upcoming maritime cluster. Union Minister for Shipping, Nitin Gadkari has been invited for the event which is also see experts from Japan, Norway, London, Singapore and others share their experiences on the subject.

Niche bank licences likely by Q1 of next fiscalNiche bank licences likely by Q1 of next fiscal
PTI Dec 2, 2014, 07.04PM IST
Tags:
Banks
(Reserve Bank of India Governor…)
MUMBAI: Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan today hinted that the final licences for niche banks are likely to be issued in the first quarter of the next fiscal.
"The whole process for the universal bank licence was completed in three-four months. So, I would use that as the benchmark," Rajan told reporters at the post-policy meeting here today.
The RBI last Friday issued final guidelines on issuing licence for payment as well as small finance banks , aimed at improving savings habit and to boost financial inclusion.
The central bank has kept January 16 as the last day for submitting the applications for such permits, while the RBI may come up with another round at a later stage.
"January 16 is when we will get the applications (for payment and small finance banks). Once we get these applications the expert committee will scrutinise and then the RBI will go through it. We will do everything as fast as we can," Rajan said.
When asked about the number of licences the Reserve Bank is planning to issue for such banks, Rajan said he does not have any number in mind.
Earlier this year, the RBI had given in-principle approval to set up a universal bank to IDFC and Bandhan. There were 26 applicants which included the Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group, L&T and Bajaj, among others.
"I don't want to put an upper limit or a lower limit, other than that probably the lower limit will not be two," Rajan said.
"We need to ensure that there are a variety of participants who are licensed so that we can learn from their experience," the Governor said.
A host of non-banking finance companies such as Sriram Capital and Muthoot Finance have showed interest in setting up small finance banks. Those who have expressed interest in seeking payment bank license included Itzcash and Oxigen.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1yehMBqFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
SUVs hot in best November auto sales since 2001
Chrysler, GM report strong November sales, Ford off as new F-150 ramps up production. GM's Cadillac brand was a notable loser, down nearly 19% despite a fresh line of cars and what has been an enduring mid-size SUV. < Group kicked off today's cavalcade of November auto sales reports with  a 20% jump in year-over-year November sales, best since 2001. Jeep was up 27% for its best November ever.
Post to Facebook
SUVs hot in best November auto sales since 2001 Chrysler, GM report strong November sales, Ford off as new F-150 ramps up production. GM's Cadillac brand was a notable loser, down nearly 19% despite a fresh line of cars and what has been an enduring mid-size SUV. < Group kicked off today's cavalcade of November auto sales reports with  a 20% jump in year-over-year November sales, best since 2001. Jeep was up 27% for its best November ever. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1yaHKlw
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
16
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
SUVs hot in best November auto sales since 2001
James R. Healey and Fred Meier , USA TODAY 6:02 p.m. EST December 2, 2014
Escape compact crossover SUV sales boom  helped Ford  limit its November sales loss to 1.8%.
(Photo: Ford Motor)
313 CONNECT 169 TWEET 10 LINKEDIN 16 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Many shoppers apparently headed for car dealers rather than the malls over the Thanksgiving weekend, driving a big finish for already strong auto industry sales in November.
Total industry sales for the month were up 4.6%, to slightly more than 1.3 million, the best since 2001. The annualized selling rate was 17.2 million, according to Autodata.
Many makers promoted extra "Black Friday" deals to take advantage of the month's holiday weekend, and loans rates remain low.
"Clever advertising from a handful of automakers planted the seed in shoppers' minds that rather than standing in Black Friday lines at retail stores to save tens of dollars, they could instead pocket hundreds and even thousands by taking advantage of deals on cars," said Jeremy Acevedo, analyst for car-shopping website Edmunds.com.
"This message seems to have resonated, particularly for GM's Buick and GMC brands that offered 20% off sticker prices for all models," Acevedo said. GM's 6.5% sales increase for the month strongly beat expectations.
Chrysler Group kicked off today's cavalcade of November auto sales reports with  a healthy 20% jump vs. the month a year ago courtesy of its star brand, Jeep.
Ford, meanwhile, reported a 1.8% decline — which it said was expected as it works to increase availability of its redesigned 2015 F-150 pickup, the redone Mustang and the new Transit commercial van.
Among the biggest foreign makers, Toyota's overall sales were up 3% from a year ago, Honda gained 4.6% and Nissan was off 3.1%, though that still was better than expected.
Company-by-company details for the industry:
GENERAL MOTORS
General Motors, lately an also-ran in the sales-increase arena, posted a healthy 6.5% increase over a year ago, selling 225,818 new cars and trucks in November, best for that month since pre-recession 2007.
"Significantly better than expected," commented Ryan Brinkman, JPMorgan auto industry investment analyst. And it was accompanied by rising transaction prices, he pointed out, suggesting higher profits.
It wasn't without a big issue, though.
Luxury brand Cadillac was a sad story — down 18.7% as the collapse of its car sales and its midsize crossover SUV were too much for the big Escalade SUV's  booming sales to outweigh.
XTS, a big sedan that was supposed to edge the brand closer to its German rivals, withered 50.3%. ATS, the small entry sedan intended to match the BMW 3 Series, was off 33.7%. And CTS, recently redesigned, was down 7.5%.
Even Cadillac's stalwart SRX midsize crossover SUV, despite buyers' renewed SUV fervor, continued its vanishing act — down 30.9%.
GM's Buick premium brand and its GMC truck brand posted the biggest increases, 27% and 22.7%, respectively, as GM was able to sell to both ends of the buying spectrum.
Buick's heroes:
Encore, a subcompact SUV, among the pioneers of upmarket small SUVs, now is reaping the fruits of its daring as urbanites rush to trim, well-furnished SUVs. Encore's sales were up 71.9%.
Lacrosse sedan jumped 70.6%. It was heavily promoted on TV with ads suggesting that Buick is a hip brand, not a fogey's ride, and with 20% discounts later in the month.
GMC benefited from buyers' return to trucks as fuel prices slide and mileage becomes less important, and by GMC's affiliation with the NFL, advertising heavily on football games.
Sierra full-size pickup sales zoomed 57% ahead of November a year ago. The redesigned Yukon full-size, traditional, truck-based SUV was up 14.5%, while the smaller Terrain SUV rose 13.4%.
At GM's cornerstone brand, Chevrolet, the Spark minicar had the biggest jump, 64.3%, but that still was just a total 2,861 vehicles.
Cruze compact sedan was a lively seller, up 25.6%, in a very competitive segment where it's had trouble sustaining momentum. Chevy's midsize Malibu, on the other hand, tumbled 16.7% despite recent updates.
Silverado full-size pickup improved 24.5%, and the big, Silverado-based Tahoe SUV rose 10.4%.
Chevrolet's midsize Colorado pickup made its debut, snagging about the same number of buyers as the Corvette sports car. GM expects that to ramp up fast, based on big numbers of dealer orders before the truck hit the market.
GM's full-size Sierra and Silverado combined outsold the Ford F-Series, selling a combined 65,343 to Ford's 59,049 as the new-design, aluminum-body F-150 still is cranking up production.
GM shares closed up 1% to $33.26 on Tuesday.
FORD MOTOR
U.S. sales were 187,000 vehicles, and the decline came despite 22% growth for the Escape compact crossover to 25,528 and a 13% gain for the Explorer to 14,949.
Ford cars were down 5% overall, with only the Police Interceptor and the all-new Mustang posting gains. Ford sold 8,728 of the new Mustangs.
The redesigned version of the big F-150 pickup, the best-selling U.S. vehicle, was just arriving at dealers in November, and its sales, mostly close-out 2014s, were down 9.9%.
The Lincoln brand posted an overall 21% jump to 8,113, led by the refreshed Navigator's 88% growth to 1,433.
Ford shares bounced up 0.8% to close at $15.90.
CHRYSLER GROUP
The unit of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles said it sold 170,839 new cars and trucks this November,  making it the best November since 2001. Jeep was up 27%, setting a record for the month.
The Jeep Cherokee, long-delayed replacement for the Liberty, had been on sale only a short time a year ago. This year's monthly total was 66.6% better than the previous November.
The small Jeep Patriot, long in the tooth but still popular and benefiting from buyers' return to SUVs — especially small ones — was up 47%.
The new-design Chrysler 200 sedan  zoomed 155%, pulling up the Chrysler brand overall by 29.6%.
Laggards were the Fiat and Dodge brands, each up just 1% despite new models.
Fiat-owned Alfa Romeo returned to the U.S. with the 4C sports car, finding 24 buyers.
Fiat Chrysler stock, traded as FCAU, closed up 3% at $13.09. FCAU went public mid-October at $9.
TOYOTA MOTOR
The big Japan-based automaker, No. 3 on the U.S. sales charts, took a hit in cars but was rescued by trucks and wound up reporting 183,346 sales in November, up 3% from a year earlier.
Toyota-brand cars were off 2.7%. Lexus luxury brand car sales were down 0.7%. Toyota's youth-oriented Scion sub-brand, which sells only cars, crashed 21.7%.
Toyota's only car to sell well in the month was the Corolla compact sedan, up 13.2%. The Camry midsize sedan, despite an update for 2015, was off 5.1%.
But Toyota's SUVs, which the industry counts as trucks, were boosted by the recently redone but still old-school 4Runner midsize SUV, which was up 53.4%, and the makeover of the Highlander crossover SUV, up 16.7%.
The smaller RAV4 crossover SUV was up 8.5%.
Lexus SUVs overall were up 3.2%.
"Auto industry sales during Thanksgiving weekend were even better than expected," said Bill Fay, Toyota division group vice president and general manager. "Consumer demand for light trucks continues unabated, and Toyota dealers set November sales records for light trucks and SUVs."
AMERICAN HONDA
The company said it sold 121,814 Honda and Acura vehicles in the month, up 4.6%, as a number of models set records.
Honda's CR-V compact crossover SUV, already the best-selling SUV of any kind in the U.S., jumped 37.7% to set a November record.
The redesigned Fit subcompact hatchback also broke its November sales record, zooming 55.1%. That helped offset significant declines by the company's two core sedans, Accord midsize and Civic compact.
Acura's TLX sedan, new to the lineup, was by far the brand's best-selling car, and it helped boost the premium marque's car sales 29.5%. Acura's SUV sales, though, ran counter to the industry and fell 11.4%.
NISSAN MOTOR
The company reported a sales decline of 3.1% in November to 103,188, as both its Nissan and Infiniti brands fell.
The company also said that with a month remaining its year-to-date U.S. sales are  1,269,577, up 11.5% from a year ago, already a full-year record.
Nissan brand sales were down 1.7% from a year ago, with car sales down 6.6%, offsetting a 6.5% gain for its trucks and crossovers.
Leading truck growth was a 43.7% gain for the redone Rogue compact crossover.
Sales for the Sentra compact sedan were up 6%, but sales for the brand's volume leader, the Altima midsize sedan, were off 7.2% to 22,832.
Overall sales for the Infiniti premium brand fell 13.3% from a year ago to  11,398.
SUBARU
Subie posted a record November in the U.S., up 24% from a year ago to 45,273, and already has broken its annual sales record with a month to go with year-to-date sales up 21% to 463,770.
The redone Outback posted a record month (up 59.6% to 14,128), as did the Forest SUV that continues to be hot (up 3.5% to 13,879), and the WRX performance model (up 79.6% to 2,707).
Meanwhile, the redone Legacy midsize sedan, posted a 97% sales increase to 5,733, continuing its comeback in that large market segment.
"Since achieving our 2013 record earlier this month, every sale is a new record," said Thomas J. Doll, president and chief operating officer, Subaru of America. "2014 will be a historic year for the Subaru franchise as we will break 500,000 sales before year end."
VOLKSWAGEN
Propelled by sales of the refreshed Jetta compact sedan and redesigned Golf line, VW continued its sales turnaround after months of declines to post a 3.2% sales gain in November to 31,725.
The bump came on sales of cars and despite the brand's limited offerings of crossover SUVs, which drove the sales at most makers in the month.
The Jetta's sales jumped 31.8% to 14,268, while the new Golf was up 85.9% to 2,149 and the Golf GTI performance model was up 64.8% to 1,725. The flagship Passat midsize sedan, however, plunged 21.5% to 6,966 in November and is off 12% this year for the 11 months through November.
Sales of the brand's aging SUVs continue to be even, even as SUV sales overall are booming, with the Tiguan compact down 16.5% year-to-date and the Touareg midsize down 14.3%.
Diesel-powered vehicles accounted for 17.2% of VW sales.
AUDI
With a month to go in the year, the Volkswagen-owned premium brand has already passed last year's U.S. record sales and ensuring a fifth consecutive record year. Sales in November shot up 22% vs. the month a year ago to 16,640 vehicles and year-to-date sales are up 15.4% to 162,773.
Sales of SUVs were strong, with the three-row Q7 up 14.6% to 1,746 units and the smaller Q5 up 16.8% to 4,184 units sold for the month.
The new A3 line, now with gas and diesel sedans, a convertible and a performance model, continued a steady rollout with sales of 2,511.
Diesel models generated 12.2% of sales, with the big Q7 at 19.1%.
HYUNDAI
The South Korean automaker reported sales declined 4% in November to 53,672, though it noted that the slip was against a record November a year ago. The redone Sonata midsize sedan, the brand's volume leader, has sales up 12% to 18,515. And the Genesis premium sedan had sales up 57% from a year ago to 2,431.
KIA
The Hyundai corporate sibling reported sales of sales of 44,936 units, down 1%, but enough to already give the brand a third consecutive year of 500,000-plus sales and put it on pace for another U.S. record.
Volume leaders were the Optima midsize sedan at 12,707, up 16,8% and the Soul boxy car at 9,146, down 28.9%. The brand's biggest percentage gainer was its all-new Sedona minivan with sales up 578% to 3,538.
MERCEDES-BENZ
The German automaker generally followed the industry — car sales tumbled, but the maker was rescued by strong SUV sales.
Car sales fell 7.1%, while SUVs zipped 18.6%, for an overall increase of 2% in November.
Car stars were the new C-Class, up 24.5%, and the big S-Class sedan up 34.8%.
SUV standouts were the M-Class SUV, up 19.9%, and the GLA small SUV, which wasn't on sale last year, added 1,812 sales to account for 12% of all M-B SUV sales.
MAZDA
The Japanese maker reported monthly sales up 2.4% vs. a year ago to 21,242 vehicles.
Growth leaders were the CX-5 small crossover, up 14.2% to 7,220, and the Mazda6 midsize sedan, up 6.9% to 3,891.
The volume-selling Mazda3 compact was flat at 7,761.
BMW GROUP
Sales for the BMW and Mini brands overall declined about 1% in November to 36,028, driven by a 2.3% slip in sales of BMW-brand vehicles to 31,019, while Mini posted a gain of 9.5% to 5,009.
"The traffic in our showrooms was very strong in November, especially over the Thanksgiving weekend, and I expect that momentum to continue in December and carry us to an all-time sales record at the end of 2014," said Ludwig Willisch, president and CEO, BMW of North America. "I am especially pleased to see Mini moving forward as availability of the new models improves. "
PORSCHE
The performance brand's sales rose 18.5% to 4,699, led by a 68.6% jump in sales of its SUVs to 2,606.
The company noted that November was the first full month of sales for the redone 2015 Cayenne SUV and sales were 1,619 Cayenne vehicle deliveries. The all-new Macan small SUV had sales of 897.
JAGUAR LAND ROVER.
Sales fell 19% in November to 4,897.
Jaguar car sales fell 13.3% to 1,253, while Land Rover SUVs fell 20.8% to 3,644.
VOLVO
U.S. sales for the Chinese-owned Swedish maker fell 14.4% to 3,623.
The XC60 crossover and S60 sedan were the brand's best-sellers.
A new XC90 big crossover SUV is in the wings and Volvo hopes it will spark sales.
313 CONNECT 169 TWEET 10 LINKEDIN 16 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1yaHKlw
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer still on the run | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Oil blow looms: Russia warns of recession ne...As oil blow looms, Russia warns of recession next year
Agencies Dec 2, 2014, 04.17PM IST
Tags:
economic development ministry
(Russia's economy has been…)
MOSCOW: The Russian government has for the first time acknowledged that the country will fall into recession next year, battered by the combination of Western sanctions and a plunge in the price of its oil exports.
The economic development ministry on Tuesday revised its GDP forecast for 2015 from growth of 1.2 per cent to a drop of 0.8 per cent. Disposable income is expected to decline by 2.8 per cent against the previously expected 0.4 per cent growth.
Russia's economy has been damaged by low oil prices, a key export and the backbone of the state budget, as well as Western sanctions over its role in eastern Ukraine. The sanctions are hurting Russian banks and investment sentiment is down. The national currency, the ruble, has dropped by more than 40 per cent this year, raising concerns of a spike in inflation that can hurt spending.
The release of the forecast on Tuesday afternoon reversed a modest rally in the Russian market, bringing the ruble 2 per cent lower against the dollar, to 52.30 per dollar.
Russia has a solid balance sheet, extremely low sovereign debt and sizeable reserves in foreign currencies, but its dependence on oil leaves it at the mercy of the international market. And its increasing political isolation risks discouraging foreign investment.
``The real damage from the collapsing ruble and oil price is to investment and growth,'' said Chris Weafer, senior partner at Moscow-based Macro-Advisory, said in a note to investors.
``Russia is a non-investible country for all but the bravest of hedge fund investors right now, and will remain in this category until both the ruble and oil stabilize at minimum. ``
The expected rise in inflation will also hurt consumer confidence and business activity, Weafer said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

In pics: Sickening! Indias public healthcare goes to the dogs  and catsTwo days ago, HT reporters shed light on how public healthcare across India has failed people . Here are pictures of government health facilities from across the country that show the challenges the sector is staring at.
 

60 Indian pilgrims missing in Vatican60 Indian pilgrims ‘missing’ in Vatican
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Thiruvananthapuram, December 02, 2014
First Published: 18:43 IST(2/12/2014) | Last Updated: 18:45 IST(2/12/2014)
Comments
At least 60 Kerala pilgrims who went to the Vatican to attend the canonisation of two Indian priests on November 23 have reportedly gone missing, sparking speculation that they have gone underground in search of jobs, sources said on Tuesday.
Six travel agencies took at least 10,000 people from India to witness the grand ceremony apart from the nearly 300 guests officially invited.
About 100 pilgrims were initially reported missing, but the travel firms managed to track several of them down and persuaded them to return. A majority of those who have disappeared are women, sources said.
The agencies said the missing persons’ families failed to provide any information on the matter.
“We took a 16-member contingent and five people went missing. We are planning to approach the police and embassy,” a representative of Mumbai-based Seagull Tours and Travels said.
Almost all the travellers were on a ten-day visit visa that expired on November 30. “Other than media reports we haven’t got any complaint in this regard,” said Kochi DCP Nishanthini.
Travel agents say those who abscond often resurface after about two years, when in some countries like the US such people are provided trafficking visas that are validated later.
“Acts like this bring much disrepute to the country. In future, genuine visitors to Italy and other European countries will face problems,” said a tour operator.
Kerala’s Chavara Cultural Centre that took a 248-member team, however, said all its travellers returned home without any hassles. Details of the missing people will be known once tour operators file a complaint.

http://usat.ly/1FJCJ7xFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Sony hack may be linked to James Franco comedy
A hack attack that shut down the Sony Pictures Entertainment computer network last week may be linked to a coming Seth Rogen-James Franco comedy about North Korea, reports say.
Post to Facebook
Sony hack may be linked to James Franco comedy A hack attack that shut down the Sony Pictures Entertainment computer network last week may be linked to a coming Seth Rogen-James Franco comedy about North Korea, reports say. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1rMYyCi
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Sony hack may be linked to James Franco comedy
Video Keywords Kim Jong-un NCAA illegal file sharing red glowing Sony Pictures Sony North Korea
Investigators are considering North Korea's possible ties to Sony Pictures Entertainment's hack attack, a federal law enforcement official said Monday. Is it all retaliation against "The Interview" starring Seth Rogen and James Franco? Shannon Rae Green
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  The attack has crippled Sony Pictures entertainment network. And variety
00:06  reports that at least five new Sony movies have been released
00:10  to illegal file sharing site. A federal law official not authorized
00:14  to comment publicly said today that investigators looking into whether North
00:18  Korea had any ties to the hacking incidents. Could the attack
00:22  be retaliation. For this Sony film. Please remember to consume an
00:26  easy pastor manipulated I have a cute for you. And he
00:33  dictates. James Franco and Seth Rogen star as tabloid TV journalist
00:38  who scored in your view with North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un.
00:41  That's an NCAA recruit them to assassinate him. And the CIA
00:45  would love it if you could take him out. It didn't
00:49  take him. Coffee dinner for can cheat you know. Taking. Euros
00:56  to kill the leader of North Korea yes yeah. Sony employees
01:00  found a red glowing skeleton last Monday with a message. We've
01:04  already warn geo and this is just a beginning Kim Jong-un
01:07  has RD called the film a quote act of war earlier
01:11  this year. The five Sony movies are being downloaded hundreds of
01:15  thousands of times on a legal site according to variety. The
01:19  upcoming remake of Annie is not out to the public but
01:22  it is being hired at the so the state of the
01:25  suspects for awhile yeah. Fury however is still in Peters and
01:35  it is being downloaded the most. Deals are peaceful. Industries violent.
01:50  Other films include mr. turner still Alice and to write love
01:54  on her arms.
Elizabeth Weise and Claudia Puig , USA TODAY 9:39 a.m. EST December 2, 2014
James Franco, left, and Seth Rogen get involved in a CIA plan to assassinate the North Korean ruler.
(Photo: youtube.com/sonypictures)
122 CONNECT 80 TWEET LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — A hack attack that has crippled the Sony Pictures Entertainment computer network for a week and released five potentially blockbuster films to pirating sites may be linked to an upcoming comedy about North Korea, U.S. sources said.
Investigators are considering North Korea's possible ties to the hacking incident, a federal law enforcement official said Monday. The official is not authorized to comment publicly.
Sony's computer breach a week ago could have serious box-office consequences, as five DVD-quality rips of the films appear on piracy hubs.  It could also impede the studio's Oscar campaign. (A screener is a copy of a movie provided ahead of its release to critics and others in the industry who vote for awards.)
In a message left on Sony computer screens last week, the hackers said, "We've obtained all your internal data including your secrets and top secrets." If the studio didn't obey the hackers, they threatened to release the data "to the world."
The appearance of the pirated films may be the hackers making good on their threat.
A screen shot of an image that appeared on computers at Sony Pictures Entertainment on  Nov. 24.
(Photo: Reddit)
Only one of the movies leaked in the Nov. 24 computer hack, Fury, is already in theaters. It's been downloaded 1.6 million times, according to Excipio, a German company that gathers data on piracy.
Still Alice, which opens Dec. 5 in New York and Los Angeles, will likely result in a best actress Oscar nod for star Julianne Moore, who plays a woman stricken with early-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Mr. Turner opens Dec. 19, and Sony is hoping for a best actor nomination for Timothy Spall's titular role as British painter J.M.W. Turner.
Musical Annie, which opens nationwide Dec. 19, is expected to be a hit and could figure into the Academy Awards race.
The fifth film, To Write Love on Her Arms, a documentary about a non-profit movement fighting depression and suicide, opens in 2015.
The attack may be because of a comedy coming out Dec. 25, " The Interview ." It features James Franco and Seth Rogen as tabloid TV journalists who score an interview with North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un.
As they prepare to travel to the secretive nation, they're recruited by the CIA to assassinate Kim.
Meanwhile, the FBI is warning businesses in the U.S. of destructive malware following the Sony hack, according to Reuters . The warning to businesses details how to identify and respond to the malware.
When the hack first hit last Monday,  employees were locked out of the company's computer network and screens were filled with images of a red, glowing skeleton. The text that accompanied it said, "We've already warned you, and this is just the beginning."
Sony Pictures is continuing to work through "issues related to what was clearly a cyber attack last week," said Jean Guerin, senior vice president of media relations for Sony. "The company has restored a number of important services to ensure ongoing business continuity and is working closely with law enforcement to investigate the matter."

http://usat.ly/1B9c5a4Monthly Markets Checkup: 6 things for December
USA TODAY Special Report 11 a.m. EST December 2, 2014
Video Keywords Dow Jones Industrial Average Federal Reserve Alabama FaceBook
Santa Claus is not something you associate with the stock market, but that’s exactly one of the things on investors’ minds as we head into December. Video by Jason Allen and Kaveh Rezaei
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:05  You might not associate Santa Claus with a stock market
00:08  that Walsh Richard does. I'm John Wagoner and this is America's
00:11  markets. December's the second month and historically strong period for stocks
00:16  and the second best month for Dow Jones Industrial Average the
00:19  past half century. It's also in the Santa Claus rally takes
00:22  place this seven sessions spurt that begins at the end of
00:25  December has delivered gains every year since 2009. Even though the
00:30  market is already racked up an impressive performances at record levels.
00:33  Odds are good for the rally to continue because the Federal
00:36  Reserve isn't likely to change its easy many ways until wages
00:39  pick up. Something that's not gonna happen for awhile. If recent
00:43  patterns persist home builders will be one of the best performing
00:46  industry sectors as 2014 closes out. And small company stocks could
00:51  prosper as investors try to get ahead of the group's traditional
00:54  January rally. Technology stocks which offense sputter about now. Could bucked
00:59  that trend thanks momentum in big games like apple and FaceBook
01:02  and the lingering buzz from the initial public offerings of the
01:05  likes of Alabama and go pro. Exchange traded funds that invest
01:09  in retailers offer way to play. Important shopping season trends this
01:13  year but if you're thinking about buying and mutual fund this
01:15  month think again he's also get hit with an unnecessary tax
Santa Claus and Nia Sanchez, Miss USA 2014,  visit the trading floor after participating in opening bell ceremonies of the New York Stock Exchange Nov. 26.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
15 CONNECT 42 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Santa Claus is not something you typically associate with the stock market. But the bearded fellow is one of the things on investors' minds as we head into December.
The month has several factors weighing in the stock market's favor. It is the second month in a historically strong period for stocks and the second-best month for Dow Jones industrial average the past half century.
It's also when what is known as the Santa Claus Rally takes place. This seven-session spurt that begins at the end of December has delivered gains every year since 2009.
Even though the market has already racked up an impressive performance in 2014 and is at record levels, odds are good for the rally to continue because the Federal Reserve isn't likely to change its easy money ways, at least not for a while.
If past patterns persist, home builders will be one of the best-performing industry sectors as 2014 closes out. Small-company stocks could prosper as investors try to get in ahead of the group's traditional January rally. Technology stocks, which often sputter about now, could buck that trend thanks to momentum in big names such as Apple and Facebook, and the lingering buzz from the successful initial public offerings of the likes of Alibaba and GoPro.
Exchange-traded funds that invest in retailers offer a way to play the most important shopping season of the year. But if you're thinking about buying a mutual fund this month, think again, because you will also get an unnecessary tax bill.
Here are six things investors need to know for December:
1. 'Tis the season for stocks. The Dow has gained 1.6% on average in December, posting gains nearly 70% of the time, says Bespoke Investment Group. The market has a strong tailwind.
Trish Regan, anchor and editor-at-large for Bloomberg TV.
(Photo: File)
If prices at the gas pump remain low and consumers stay in a buying mood around the all-important holiday shopping season, there's a strong chance Santa will deliver gains this month.

Ford Reveals Fuel Economy for New Aluminum F-150ford reveals fuel economy for new aluminum f-150
How to limit your chances of fraud during the holidays 
Many stores will open on Thanksgiving this year. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)
Whether you’re planning to line up for a new flat-screen TV at midnight or expecting to knock out your shopping on the iPad from the comfort of your couch, chances are you’ll be using your credit card a lot more in the coming weeks.
And that means more chances for your card information to be stolen.
Retailers and consumers are still recovering from a slew of data breaches in the past year, and security experts say more are likely. Even as merchants transition to new and more secure payment technology, consumers are vulnerable to fraud – and hackers will be coming out full force — until safer options are more widespread.
These moves can help you minimize your chances of fraud and ease the hassle of dealing with it if it happens:
Choose credit over debit. The truth is that most banks will refund you for any fraudulent transactions whether you are paying debit or credit. But when debit cards are hacked, thieves gain access to your hard-earned cash. When a credit card are hacked, the credit card company carries more of the risk.
Use an EMV chip card. You may have noticed the little metallic chips on newer credit cards. That means the card is equipped to work with the new payment technology thought to be safer than the old system of magnetic stripes. (If you don’t have a chip, you can request a new card from your issuer.) It’s a little complicated, but basically the chip generates a different code for every transaction while the information created by the magnetic stripe never changes. So if someone gets ahold of the code created by the chip, it’s useless on another transaction. If they steal the information from the magnetic stripe, they can recreate it and use it again.
The catch is that not all merchants can use this technology yet. So if your card has a chip but you’re paying at a store that only uses magnetic stripe technology, you aren’t benefiting from the added protection, says Matt Schulz, an analyst for CreditCards.com. After  October 2015 , merchants that don’t have the EMV chip card readers may have to pay for any fraud that happens in their stores.
Consider using Apple Pay. If you upgraded to the iPhone 6, you may be able to test out Apple’s new payment system . Instead of transmitting credit or debit card information, the phone generates a unique code to identify the device and a separate code to secure the transaction. “The short story is your phone becomes your card,” says Mary Ann Miller senior director with NICE Actimize, which provides fraud protection software to banks. Purchases can also be secured with fingerprint ID, to limit the chances that someone can go on a shopping spree with your phone. If the phone or iPad is lost, you can suspend Apple pay remotely.
Monitor your transactions. Going over your credit card statements line by line may not sound like the most exciting thing to do when there are big meals waiting and parties to attend. But checking your statements often is the easiest to spot a fraudulent purchase quickly, says Ryan Bailey, executive vice president with TD Bank. If you check your account every couple of days, you only have to glance at a few transactions, whereas if you wait a month you may have to pore over a longer list. Also some banks offer services that will alert you when a suspicious transaction is made with your card.
Keep your holiday shopping to one credit card. Not only does this reduce the number of cards you need to check often (though you should still check all other cards periodically), it minimizes your chances of this happening to you more than once. The card you use for shopping should also be different from the card you use to pay your monthly phone bill, magazine subscription and other bills, says Seth Ruden, Senior Fraud Consultant for ACI Worldwide, a payments software company. That way if something does happen to the card, he says, you won’t have to reset your payment information for all of those accounts.
Make sure your card issuer knows how to reach you. It’ll be tough to verify your identity after your card is stolen if the bank has your address from three moves ago. Let your card issuer know if you’ll be traveling and make sure it has your latest phone number, address and other contact information, says Beverly Ladley, an executive with SunTrust Bank. By the same token, don’t give away too much information if you get a call from someone claiming to be from your bank, she says. It’s always best to call the number on the back of your card or on the bank’s Web site.
Find out what protections your credit card offers. So maybe you made it through the holiday season without having your card hacked, but someone stole the Nintendo Wii you bought for your kids from the trunk of your car. Your credit card may offer purchase assurance, a form of protection that gives refunds for items that are stolen or damaged within 90 days, Ladley says. It helps to have the receipt on hand, however, so you may want to take those out of the bag and stash them in your wallet.
Related:

Holiday Heat: Black Friday Gun Sales Boomholiday heat: black friday gun sales boom
Resources for innovationResources for innovation
Resources for innovation
Tom Kuczmarski, co-founder of the Chicago Innovation Awards, says you may have to find ways to reallocate resources to put on innovation. (By Chicago Innovation Awards)
Tom Kuczmarski, co-founder of the Chicago Innovation Awards, says you may have to find ways to reallocate resources to put on innovation. (By Chicago Innovation Awards)

US loans: growing brood© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/b4762cfa-7967-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sustained Indignationreddit
Yesterday, I preached at the Friendly Temple Missionary Baptist Church in St. Louis, Missouri.  This was the same church where I delivered the eulogy for Michael Brown, the unarmed Black teenager killed by police officer Darren Wilson. In the front row sat his mother and father, just as they sat in the front row during his funeral. I addressed the congregants and the community this weekend after a grand jury's decision not to indict Wilson, and after he announced his resignation from the Ferguson police department (who say he will not receive a severance).  As I stated then, the issue is not Wilson's job; the issue is justice for Brown, and the fact that a grand jury was used more as a trial jury to give a view on guilt or innocence rather than to see if there was a basis for a trial.  In my view, the prosecutor was so determined not to move forward with this case that he misused a grand jury and therefore dealt a setback as to how we deal with police accountability in this country.  Even Supreme Court Justice Scalia has been clear on what a grand jury is and is not. As I said in my sermon, and as I will say in the White House meeting today, there must be sustained nonviolent protest because we are still grappling with the very real issue of police misconduct and fairness within the criminal justice system.  And until there is substantive federal oversight, we will not stop marching and raising our voices.
The issue of police brutality is nothing new. I have been dealing with case after case for decades, listening as mothers and fathers bury their young and search for answers as to how those hired to protect and serve instead ended their child's life.  Let me be clear, as I have said repeatedly, I do not believe that all police officers are bad; nor do I believe that most are bad.  But there must be a transparent, impartial and fair system to judge those that engage in criminal or unethical acts.  Local prosecutors work alongside local police officers on a regular basis and are therefore conflicted when it comes to prosecuting those same officers.  They are under extreme pressure from local police unions and from rank-and-file cops.  The Justice Department must set up an apparatus to protect citizens from this mechanism that fails to protect them and their civil rights.
Many right-wing pundits and people spewing misinformation on television and elsewhere would have us believe that this issue is not that serious, or that it isn't a national dilemma.  But all across this country, we are watching troubling scenarios involving police officers play out over and over again.  In addition to the Brown tragedy, it's the chokehold case in Staten Island (that grand jury may come back in a matter of days or weeks).  It's the case of Tamir Rice, a 12-year-old boy in Cleveland killed by police as he played with a toy gun.  It's the case of Akai Gurley, an unarmed 28-year-old who was shot and killed by police as he walked in the hallway of public housing building in Brooklyn.  Authorities immediately called his death a tragic accident even before a thorough investigation was complete.  And these are a few of the cases that have made headlines; there are countless others that take place on a regular basis that we never even hear about.  As a country, we must do better.
When people discuss the 1960s and the great civil rights era, they often speak in romantic terms as if there wasn't immense work put in, and as if there wasn't immense sacrifice that took place.  But none of those battles were easily fought and won; there were sustained movements behind them.  For example, the historic Montgomery bus boycotts started in December of 1955, but we didn't get the Civil Rights Act until nine years later in 1964.  We are in an era where we once again need a peaceful push for change to tackle modern-day civil rights violations.  Demonstrations must be dignified and nonviolent, as the overwhelming protests in Ferguson and Staten Island have been.  Do not confuse anarchists who don't want the system to work, and thugs who want to exploit a situation with the majority who from day one have operated with impeccable nonviolence and clear goals.
Change is undeniably hard.  Progress is not an exercise in expediency.  But if you are committed, then you will understand that you have no choice but to keep going not to see if you will win, but until you win.  We must garner more than media attention; true reform is necessary and urgent. And we cannot heal leaving the injured out of the process.  We must demand federal intervention for their sake because an unjust society is simply not an option.
Follow Rev. Al Sharpton on Twitter: www.twitter.com/TheRevAl
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations

Ranbaxy launches arthritis drug InfimabNEW DELHI, December 2, 2014
Updated: December 2, 2014 00:24 IST
Ranbaxy launches arthritis drug Infimab
PTI
business (general)
Ranbaxy Laboratories on Monday launched the first biosimilar version of Johnson and Johnson’s Remicade, a drug used for treating various conditions including rheumatoid arthritis. Infimab has been introduced in the domestic market through a licensing partnership with Epirus Biopharmaceuticals, Ranbaxy said in a statement. Infimab will be manufactured by Reliance Life Sciences at its facility in Mumbai, it added.

Black Friday has seen shoppers lose sense of urgencyBlack Friday has seen shoppers lose sense of urgency
Black Friday
Bill O'Leary/ WP-Bloomberg
Shoppers work their way through the sale signs on the Black Friday hunt for toys at Toys R Us in Vienna, Virginia on Nov. 28.
Shoppers work their way through the sale signs on the Black Friday hunt for toys at Toys R Us in Vienna, Virginia on Nov. 28. (Bill O'Leary/ WP-Bloomberg)
Chart: Black Friday sales over the past 10 years
Lost sense of urgency about discounts dulls Black Friday sales
After growing for several years, the all-important Black Friday shopping weekend took a double-digit tumble, recent figures from the National Retail Federation show.
8
With retailers offering steep discounts early and often, shoppers have lost the sense of urgency to gorge on sales during Black Friday weekend, helping drive spending down the during weekend by an estimated 11 percent, the trade group said.
But that doesn't mean this year's holiday season, which typically accounts for one-fifth of the industry's annual revenues, is doomed.
cComments
Black Friday used to be Friday and it used to feature a few really unbelievable deals. But now the deals start well before Friday, the stores open on Thursday and the sales are not that great anymore. The retailers have diluted Black Friday. I do not think this means the entire season will be...
Ntjpc

Bhushan Steel s Odisha plant in JSW sightJSW Steel in talks to buy Bhushan Steel's Odisha plant
Mail Today Bureau      New Delhi   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 08:26 IST
Sajjan Jindal-controlled JSW Steel is reported to be in talks to acquire Bhushan Steel 's Odisha plant and also looking at picking up the company's stake in Orissa Sponge Iron and Steel Limited.
The total value of the deal could be around Rs 30,000 crore, according to banking sources.
The move is reported to have been initiated by the consortium of banks that have lent money to Bhushan Steel, which has a total debt of around Rs 35,000 crore on its books. Bhushan Steel has been asked by the banks to sell its Odisha steel plant, which has a capacity of 5.6 million tonnes per annum.
However, promoters of Bhushan Steel have been trying to find ways of bringing down the Odisha unit is up for sale.
Bhushan Steel had informed the Bombay Stock Exchange recently that the Board of Directors at its meeting held on November 14 inter alia approved the draft notice of postal ballot for passing special resolutions for payment of managerial remuneration, appointment of Ajoy Kumar Deb nominated as nominee director by the State Bank of India (SBI) and accepted the resignation of Sushant Jain as independent additional director.
Sources pointed out that this reflects that the banks are strengthening their control over running the company. JSW Steel neither confirmed or denied the move. "We do not want to comment on market rumour or speculation," a JSW spokesman told Mail Today.
Bhushan Energy has about 15 per cent stake in Orissa Sponge, in which Monnet Ispat holds 41-per cent stake. JSW Steel has put its West Bengal steel and power plant on hold due to uncertainty of raw material linkages for the proposed Rs 35,000-crore project. JSW Bengal has already invested Rs 700 crore in the project, at Salboni, West Midnapur.
"It was keen about the project but given the unclear situation about coal and iron ore, it was not practical to go ahead with the project," Jindal had told journalists on Sunday. According to industry sources, JSW would be looking for alternative expansion through the merger and acquisition route and acquisition of the Bhushan Steel assets would be a good strategic fit for the company.

SPARC up 14% on receiving CRL from USFDAYou are here: Home > Collections > Usfda
SPARC rallies over 14% on receiving CRL from USFDA for Latanoprost NDA
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 2, 2014, 04.30PM IST
Tags:
Sun Pharma
(At 09:35 a.m.; SPARC was…)
NEW DELHI: Sun Pharma Advanced Research Company Ltd (SPARC) rallied as much as 14.2 per cent in intraday trade on Monday, after the international pharmaceutical company announced that the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has issued a Complete Response letter (CRL) to its New Drug Application (NDA) for Latanoprost BAK-free eyedrops.
The stock ended the day at Rs 199.25; up 9.75 percent, on the BSE.
While the FDA did not seek any additional information for supporting clinical data, it sought additional information on certain labeling and other deficiencies for processing the NDA, the Indian pharmaceutical company said in a filing with BSE.
Latanoprost BAK-free is a preservative-free, once-a-day formulation of the glaucoma medication Latanoprost using SPARC's novel Swollen Micelle Microemulsion (SMM) technology.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sebi bars three firms from mobilising public moneySebi bars three firms from mobilising public money for violating norms
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 14:05 IST
Photo: Reuters
Continuing with strict action against entities raising public money illegally, capital market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has restrained Federal Agro Commercials, Kolkata Aryan Food Industries and Waris Agrotech from mobilising funds from investors.
Besides, the Sebi has barred these three companies and their directors from accessing the securities market.
The market regulator found that the companies had garnered capital from several investors through issuance of redeemable preference shares (RPS) and had prima facie violated various norms.
Sebi observed that issues by these three firms were made to more than 50 people.
Under the rules, that made them public issues of debt securities requiring compulsory listing on a recognised stock exchange.
They were also required to file their prospectus, which they failed to do.
The regulator, in three separate orders, said that Federal Agro Commercials (FACL, Kolkata Aryan Food Industries Ltd (KAFIL) and Waris Agrotech (India) are prima facie engaged in fund mobilising activity from the public, through the offer of redeemable preference shares and as a result of such activities has violated the provisions of the Companies Act.
Accordingly, Sebi has asked FACL, KAFIL and WAL not to mobilise funds from investors through the offer of RPS or through the issuance of equity shares or any other securities, to the public and/or invite subscription, in any manner whatsoever, either directly or indirectly, till further directions.
Further, the companies and their directors are barred from issuing any offer document or advertisement for soliciting money from the public for the issue of securities.
These firms and their respective directors are restrained from accessing the securities market.
Sebi has also asked the entities not to dispose any of the properties or assets acquired by that company through the issue of redeemable preference shares, without prior permission from the regulator as well as not to divert the funds raised from public.
While asking FACL, KAFIL and WAL to provide a full inventory of all its assets and properties, Sebi has also asked these companies to within 21 days from the date of receipt of the order submit all relevant and necessary particulars sought by the watchdog.
The directions shall take effect immediately and shall be in force until further orders, Sebi said in its Monday's order.
According to Sebi, FACL raised Rs 25.94 lakh from 310 investors, KAFIL mopped-up Rs 49.64 lakh via 115 persons and WAL allotted redeemable preference shares to 475 individuals and mobilised funds amounting to about Rs 36 lakh.

BPCL Slumps on Petrol  Diesel Excise Duty HikeYou are here: Home Market
BPCL Slumps on Petrol, Diesel Excise Duty Hike
NDTV | Updated On: December 02, 2014 16:19 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
The government on Tuesday announced a Rs 2.25 per litre hike in excise duty on petrol effective tonight. The excise duty on diesel has been raised by Rs 1 per litre. The move is aimed to boost revenues and contain budget borrowing, analysts say.
Shares in state-run oil marketing (OMCs) companies fell sharply because higher duties are unlikely to be passed on to consumers. That means state-run refiners may witness pressure on their margins. OMCs are also likely to put off a cut in the retail prices if crude continues to weaken in future.
BPCL was the top loser in the Nifty, ended 4.27 per cent lower. HPCL and Indian Oil Corp. also fell between 1.5 and 3 per cent. These stocks underperformed the oil and gas sub-index on the BSE, which ended 0.6 per cent lower on Tuesday.
The government is likely to raise Rs 4,000 crore in revenues from excise hike, analysts estimated.
Story first published on: December 02, 2014 16:19 (IST)

Israeli coalition close to collapseIsraeli coalition collapses after Netanyahu fires ministers
John Reed in Jerusalem
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f50d6972-79f8-11e4-9b34-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gold jumps by Rs 840 to regain 27K in biggest single-day gain of 2014bullion
(After losing Rs 730…)
NEW DELHI: Posting this year's biggest single-day rise of Rs 840, gold today regained the Rs 27,000 per ten gram level after a gap of over one month in the national capital, tracking rebounds in global markets.
In addition, pick-up in domestic demand from jewellers and retailers for the wedding season also buoyed sentiment.
After losing Rs 730 in last six sessions after the RBI eased imports curbs by scrapping 80:20 scheme, gold staged a strong comeback by rising Rs 840 to close at Rs 27,040 per ten grams, a level last seen on October 30.
Silver also recorded a significant gain of Rs 2,700 to Rs 37,000 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Sentiment bolstered after gold surged by 3.69 per cent, its biggest gain since September 19, to USD 1,218.10 an ounce in New York yesterday, as rebound in crude price revived demand for the precious metal as stores of value, bullion traders said.
Globally, silver also surged 7.3 per cent to USD 16.69 an ounce yesterday, the highest gain since September 2013.
Besides, rising domestic demand from jewellers and retailers for the ongoing wedding season too influenced precious metal prices, they said.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity zoomed up by Rs 840 each to Rs 27,040 and Rs 26,840 per ten grams respectively.
Sovereign moved up by Rs 100 to Rs 23,700 per piece of eight gram.
Following gold, silver ready spurted by Rs 2,700 to Rs 37,000 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 2,420 to Rs 36,340 per kg.
Silver coins recovered sharply by Rs 3,000 to Rs 61,000 for buying and Rs 62,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India Inc Says RBI Not Accommodating  Unhappy With Status QuoYou are here: Home Economy
India Inc Says RBI Not Accommodating, Unhappy With Status Quo
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 02, 2014 15:56 (IST)
BofA-ML Sees 0.25% Rate Cut in February on Easing Inflation
New Delhi: Unhappy with the Reserve Bank's status quo policy stance, India Inc said the apex bank could have been more accommodating by reducing interest rate to boost subdued economic growth.
The rate cut, the industry chambers argued, could have given a positive signal to the manufacturing sector which is undergoing difficult times.
"Although there has been some improvement in core sector activity, manufacturing has been subdued due to weak demand, therefore curbing major improvement in capacity utilisations," Ficci president Sidharth Birla said in a statement.
"We continue to hope that RBI may send positive signals even sooner than the next policy review cycle," he said.
There were hopes that the RBI could have found a merit in an accommodative stance on interest rate cycle on persistent weak demand and sustained moderation in inflation, Ficci said.
The RBI on Tuesday kept the repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent and cash reserve ratio (CRR) at 4 per cent, saying a change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is "premature".
(Read: Rajan holds rates but hints of good news soon )
Reading out the policy in a conference, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said, "There is still some uncertainty about the evolution of base effects in inflation, the strength of the on-going disinflationary impulses, the pace of change of the public's inflationary expectations, as well as the success of the government's efforts to hit deficit targets."
CII said that when economic recovery is still fragile and industry is growing at a faltering pace, a bold decision by the RBI to ease interest rates would have particularly benefited the credit starved SME and improved the poor credit offtake by industry.
CII further said that "at this juncture, even a symbolic cut in policy rates would have sent a strong signal down the line that both the government and the RBI are acting in concert to harness demand and take the economy to the higher orbit of growth".
The RBI has obviously overlooked strong demand from the industry for a cut in interest rates. The industry's demand for lower interest rates was fully justified, Assocham said.
"Growth alone can take care of employment and eventually cut inflation further by increasing the supply line, and bringing in structural changes for tackling inflation on sustained basis", it added.
Story first published on: December 02, 2014 15:34 (IST)

Markets end lower as RBI maintains status-quo on key ratesMarkets end lower as RBI maintains status-quo on key rates
Faraan Tarique | Mumbai Dec 02, 2014 03:49 PM IST
Markets ended lower weighed down by IT majors while rate sensitive shares witnessed profit taking after the Reserve Bank of India decided to keep key rates unchanged at its policy review today.
 
The 30-share Sensex closed down 115 points at 28,444 and the 50-share Nifty ended down 31 points at 8,524. .
 
In the broader market, both BSE midcap and smallcap indices with gains of 0.9% and 0.5% each outperformed their larger peers.  Market breadth in BSE ended marginally positive with 1,513 advances against 1,412 declines.
 
The Reserve Bank of India kept interest rates unchanged at 8% on Tuesday as widely expected, staying focused on containing inflation while adopting a more dovish tone in response to the government's call for help to revive economic growth. However, the central bank indicated rates could ease early next year as inflation shows signs of cooling.
 
Commenting on the RBI’s policy review, Deven Choksey, managing director and chief executive officer, K R Choksey Shares and Securities, said, “RBI has ensured enough liquidity for the markets through equity measures. So, banks should be able to cut their interest rates by at least 25 basis points. RBI as a regulator is allowing banks to take all possible measures to reduce the NPA levels which is definitely a step in the right direction.”
 
Meanwhile, foreign institutional investors were net sellers in Indian equities worth Rs 12.36  crore on Monay, as per provisional stock exchange data.
 
Buzzing Stocks
 
BSE Metal and Healthcare indices, gaining around 1% each were the top gainers among sectors followed by BSE FMCG and Capital Goods indices with 0.6% and 0.7% of gains each.
 
BSE IT index down around 1.5% and BSE Auto index, down more than 1% lost the most. 
 
A rebound in global commodity prices boosted metal stocks. Sesa Sterlite and Hindalco ended with gains of 1.1% and 2.8% each. Tata Steel gained around 0.5%.
 
L&T gained more than 1% and was among the top gainers.
 
ICICI Bank recovered from early lows and ended up 0.7%. The stock turns ex-stock split on Thursday, December 4. Shareholders would be entitled to receive 5 equity shares of nominal value of Rs. 2 each in lieu of 1 equity share of nominal value of Rs. 10 each of the Bank. Axis Bank closed 0.4% high.
 
 Pharma shares closed mixed. Sun Pharma gained around 0.7%. The Competition Commission of India (CCI) is expected to come out with its decision on the merger of Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy this week.  
 
Bharti Airtel, up 1.8% and ITC, up 0.4% were other major gainers.
Among oil and gas shares, GAIL and ONGC lost 2.8% and 0.6% each while RIL ended marginally high by 0.1%.
 
Information technology stocks declined tracking losses in their peers on NASDAQ. Infosys lost more than 2%. The stock turned ex-bonus today. TCS and Wipro lost 1.4% and 0.8% each.
 
Finance major HDFC lost around 1.5% and HDFC Bank lost around 0.9%.
 
Shares of automobiles companies declined by up to 3% after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan left interest rates unchanged for the fifth time in a row at the central bank’s bi-monthly policy review today.
 
M&M slumped around 2.5% after reporting a 13% decline in its total sales numbers in the month of November, 2014 compared to the same month last year.
 
Tata Motors lost more than 1% after reporting weaker than expected sales numbers for the month of November. It reported 2% increase in total sales at 41,720 units in November, 2014 as against 40,863 units in the same month last year.
 
Bajaj Auto declined more than 1%. The motorcycles sales of the company declined by 6% in November, 2014 compared to the same month last year though the commercial vehicles sales with a  48% surge in the same period were the highest for any November. 
 
Maruti Suzuki lost around 0.8%. Yesterday, the company announced a recall of 3,796 units of its recently launched mid-sized sedan Ciaz, manufactured till November 7, to replace a faulty part of clutch operation system.  Hero Motocorp lost around 1.5%.
 
Among other shares, all three listed state-owned oil marketing companies (OMC),-HPCL, BPCL and IOC- witnessed selling pressure, falling between 1% to 2.5% each after the government raised excise duty on petrol by Rs 2.25 a litre and on diesel by Re 1 a litre with immediate effect.
 
 Global Markets
 
Japanese shares closed at a seven-year high on speculations of buying in exchange traded funds (ETFs) by Bank of Japan as a part of its asset purchase scheme . Investors shrugged off a downgrade of Japan's sovereign debt credit rating by Moody's Investors Service. Nikkei ended 0.4% high.
 
Chinese shares gained on rebound in commodity and crude oil prices. Shanghai Composite index  gained more than 3% on hopes of further stimulus measures by Chinese central bank after the official manufacturing PMI came below expectations on Friday. Hang Seng  gained more than 1%.
 
Amid firm global cues, European shares have opened higher. FTSE 100 is trading with more than 1% of gains while CAC 40 is up 0.5%. Trimming early gains DAX is trading flat.

Sensex ends in red | No rate cut by RBI  but uptrend intact; Sensex on track to hit 36KSensex falls; RBI keeps rates unchanged
Reuters Dec 2, 2014, 04.09PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The benchmark BSE index…)
MUMBAI: Sensex and Nifty fell for a second consecutive session on Tuesday, as software services exporters declined on rupee strength and as investors booked profits after the RBI kept interest rates unchanged, although it signalled potential rate cuts by early 2015.
Infosys provisionally fell 2.2 per cent while Tata Consultancy Services ended down 1.5 per cent.
The benchmark BSE index provisionally closed 0.45 per cent lower, while the broader NSE index lost 0.36 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Blackstone Selling IndCor Properties for $8.1BIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Start-up develops neonatal nutrition calculator for premature babiesStart-up develops neonatal nutrition calculator for premature babies 
PT Jyothi Datta
Tweet
Mumbai, December 2 :  
At a hospital years ago, Gautam Rege saw doctors using a manual calculator to figure out the quantity of nutrients required for premature babies in the neo-natal intensive care unit. 
That’s how it started, says Rege, co-founder of Kimaya NICU, recalling how he developed a fledgeling programme to calculate neo-natal nutrition for doctors.
Years later, he was pleasantly surprised to know the programme had indeed helped in improving nutrition to the premature baby and saving lives as well. 
Low birth weight babies, for instance, sometimes literally fit in the palm of your hand, says Rege, explaining why it is critical to get the nutrition right. And at neo-natal intensive care units (NICU), some infants are fighting for survival and have a 50 percent chance at life, he says. 
In collaboration with Pune’s KEM, Rege refined the programme -- Kimaya TPN (total parenteral nutrition), besides piloting it at the hospital. Today a handful of hospitals use the product, including Mumbai’s Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital, he says, as Kimaya prepares for greater exposure to doctors at the national convention of the neonatology forum, Neocon, starting in Patna on December 4.
Nutrition nuggets 
Infants cannot be given interventions, glucose etc like adults, and yet their nutrition is critical as the first month is important for the survival and development of the baby, its organs, genetics etc, Rege explains.
The calculation of nutrients required has to be accurate, without delay and the nutrients need to be given correctly. At KEM’s NICU, touted to be among the country’s best, there are 45 beds and they are always occupied, says Rege. Manually the calculation takes about 45 minutes, and this gets cut down to seconds using Kimaya, he explains.
Dr Umesh Vaidya, heading KEM NICU, points out that intervention in the first week also improves the child’s IQ. Vaidya, also involved in designing the programme, says that it does not just helps clinicians, but guides the doctor, has in-built safety checks and is convenient enough to carry on the phone.
Starting trouble
Doctors were initially nervous to use the product or were not tech-savvy and so did not install it. But Rege revised the product, added more features and made it internet-based to make it easy for the doctors, with a subscription fee.
Over the last two odd years, 10,848 calculations have been done from just one NICU, he says, adding that data can be culled, even while confidentiality is protected. The data can be useful to map region specific symptoms, he says, and that can be used to plan targeted healthcare delivery.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Finance Ministry looks forward to RBI supporting growth revival and employmentFinance Ministry looks forward to RBI supporting growth revival and employment
K. R. Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 2:  
The Finance Ministry on Tuesday said it was encouraged by the RBI move to take note of the structural change in the outlook for inflation.
The Government looks forward to the RBI supporting the revival of growth and employment, the Finance Ministry said in a statement post the RBI’s announcement of the monetary policy today.
In the weeks ahead, the Government and RBI will work towards a monetary policy framework that will help institutionalise the gains achieved on the inflation front, so as to reduce inflationary expectations and further support the revival of investment and growth, the Finance Ministry statement added.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Manubhai& Co merges with Mumbai s Shah & CoHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Manubhai & Co merges with Mumbai's Shah & Co
Rutam Vora 
Audit firms go for consolidation eyeing greater business prospects
Ahmedabad, Dec 2:  
As the reforms on front of taxation and accounting reporting methods are set to take place under the new government, audit firms are seeing greater opportunity emerging from the new regulations.
In order to tap these emerging opportunities, Ahmedabad-based audit firm Manubhai & Co has merged with Mumbai's audit and advisory firm, Shah & Co. Post the merger, the new entity has been named as Manubhai & Shah with headquarter in Ahmedabad.
"The new entity will open avenues to expand geographical presence as well as provide one-stop services to the clients. The expertise of each individual entity will now be offered in a combined way," said Kshtij M Patel, partner at Manubhai & Shah (formerly Manubhai & Co.).
Prior to the merger, Manubhai & Shah, with annual turnover of Rs 30 crore, provided audit services to listed companies with main focus on Gujarat. However, the Mumbai-based Shah & Co had expertise in corporate practice, convergence in US GAPS, M&A, and valuations apart from audit services. Shah & Co posted turnover of Rs 7 crore in the last fiscal.
"Post the merger, our major focus will remain on GST, M&A, valuations and audit," said Kaushik Patel, partner, Manubhai & Shah.
The company believes that fiscal 2015 will be the year of consolidation while it sees growth taking place from 2016 onwards. For the fiscal 2016, the company has set a target of a turnover of Rs 50 crore. It has currently four branches each in Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Jamnagar and Mumbai.
The merged entity will have staff strength of close to 700 people with client base of 20 listed companies, about 100 privately held industrial houses, about 50 government assignments.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

JSW Steel shelves Rs 35 000-cr plant in West BengalJSW Steel shelves Rs 35,000-cr plant in West Bengal
Reuters | Mumbai Dec 02, 2014 06:03 PM IST
India’s JSW Steel Ltd said on Tuesday it has “put on hold” building a steel plant in eastern India due to uncertainty in sourcing key raw materials such as iron ore and coal.
The nation’s third-largest steelmaker had planned to build a 10 million tonnes a year steel plant in West Bengal at an investment of Rs 350 billion($5.66 billion).
The company cited a Supreme Court verdict in September that scrapped most coal extraction permits granted to companies over the last two decades, after ruling the allocation process as arbitrary and illegal.
“Besides iron ore linkage for this project, the recent cancellation of coal mining concessions has added further uncertainty,” JSW said in a stock exchange filing.
Another steelmaker, Jindal Steel and Power Ltd, last month told Reuters it had shelved a $10 billion coal-to-diesel project after the court decision to scrap coalfields.

Hero signs Tiger Woods as global brand ambas...Hero MotoCorp signs up Tiger Woods as global brand ambassador
Chanchal Pal Chauhan, ET Bureau Dec 3, 2014, 01.31AM IST
Tags:
Hero MotoCorp
(Hero MotoCorp, the world's…)
NEW DELHI: Hero MotoCorp, the world's No. 1 two-wheeler manufacturer by volumes, has roped in Tiger Woods as its brand ambassador in a four-year deal pegged at Rs 200 crore, making it the most expensive celebrity endorsement yet for an Indian company.
"Tiger Woods is one of the biggest global icons and not just a sports celebrity. His appeal cuts across geographies, nationalities, age and gender and therefore, he is the best brand fit to be our 'Global Corporate Partner' as we go global," Pawan Munjal , Hero chief told ET in an exclusive chat on Tuesday. "We have lined up exciting campaigns to build on the core values of Hero in our global markets and Tiger is going to play an integral role in these initiatives. Our campaign with him will be on multiple platforms - print, electronic, digital, social and outdoor."
The company did not share the financial details of the deal, but analysts pegged it at about Rs 200 crore.
While Hero MotoCorp has always had popular Indian stars from the fields of sports and cinema as its brand ambassadors, this is the first time the company has signed up a top global sporting icon, a move that fits well with the company's global expansion plans.
Woods, who has won 14 major golf championships, said, "It allows me to be involved with the world of two-wheelers and the vision of Pawan and Hero MotoCorp. We have a shared vision...for me, any collaboration and partnership has to be something that's important to me. I greatly appreciate Hero sponsoring the Hero World Challenge that benefits my foundation, and my new role will greatly expand our worldwide relationship."
In mid-September, Hero had announced a separate four-year deal with the Tiger Woods Foundation to become the title sponsor of the Hero World Challenge, a PGA Tour event. This year's event starts on Thursday at the Isleworth Golf & Country Club in Orlando, Florida, with 18 top golfers competing in the $3.5 million event.
It was at Munjal's invitation that Woods first came to India in February this year. Hero also supports its brand ambassadors and top golfers Anirban Lahiri, Shiv Kapur, Gaganjeet Bhullar, Daniel Chopra and Sharmila Nicollet.
Munjal, a sports enthusiast, is responsible for the company's association with various sports for more than two decades. A keen golfer, he is the past chairman of the Asian PGA Tour Board of Directors and the past president of Professional Golfers Association of India (PGAI). The company also hosts the annual Hero Indian Open Golf tournament, which sees participation from international marquee players.
Outside India, Hero's products sell in Sri Lanka, Nepal, Bangladesh, Turkey, Egypt, Peru, Ecuador, Nicaragua, Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador, Kenya, Mozambique, Tanzania, Uganda, Burkina Faso, Ivory Coast, Congo and Angola.
Last week, the company commenced retail sales of its bikes in Colombia, which is among the three top two-wheeler markets in Latin America. Hero is also building a manufacturing plant in Villa Ricca in the Cauca province near Cali.
Hero is also building a manufacturing plant in Bangladesh through a joint venture partnership with the Nitol Niloy group. Through its local distributor partners, Hero has also established assembly units in Kenya, Tanzania & Uganda that would go on-stream in next few months.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FinMin proposes 3-year compensation for statesArun Jaitley
(While a sub-committee on…)
NEW DELHI: The Finance Ministry has proposed to compensate states for three years for losses they may incur on account of switching to a nationwide Goods and Services Tax (GST) regime, as against a demand for a five-year compensation.
"We have tentatively finalised the GST Draft Amendment Bill and have sent it for legislative vetting. The ministry has offered a compensation for 3 years to states for losses incurred on account of switching to the proposed indirect tax regime," Additional Revenue Secretary Rashmi Verma said at an event here.
The states have demanded that such compensations be provided by the Centre for a period of five years under the GST regime, for which the government wants to introduce a bill in the current session of the Parliament.
The GST rollout has missed several deadlines because of lack of consensus among states over certain crucial issues on the new tax regime, which the present government wants to roll out from April 1, 2016.
Verma further said that Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will meet state finance ministers on December 11 to build consensus on issues related to inclusion of petroleum products, entry tax and compensation funds.
Yesterday, Jaitley had expressed hope that the much-awaited GST Bill would be introduced in the current winter session of Parliament.
"We will try and introduce GST Bill in this session...GST Bill would be taken up by the Cabinet after Empowered Committee (of state finance Minister) meeting on December 12," he had said.
The GST will subsume indirect taxes like excise duty and service tax at the central level and VAT on the states front, besides local levies.
There are differences between the Centre and states on some issues with regard to the implementation of GST that includes the revenue neutral rate and keeping petroleum, liquor out of the ambit.
While a sub-committee on GST has suggested that the revenue neutral rate of GST be pegged at about 27 per cent, the states are yet to decide on it.
It had suggested states GST at 13.91 per cent and Central GST at 12.77 per cent.
Besides, states have been demanding that petroleum, alcohol and tobacco should be kept out of the purview of GST.
The GST Constitutional Amendment Bill, which was introduced in the Lok Sabha in 2011, had lapsed and the NDA government will be required to come up with a fresh bill.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The military is now using video games to train millennials in Cold War technologyBy Peter Holley December 2 Follow @peterjholley
A image from a virtual simulation of the Patriot Missile System. (Courtesy of Raytheon)
When the Patriot missile system was introduced to the world in 1981, most video games were played in arcades or on Atari 2600 consoles.
More than three decades later, the Patriot system — a Cold War relic — is still in operation and now has its own version of a video game, one that allows U.S. service members to train with the weapon in a virtual environment.
According to defense giant Raytheon, which builds the surface-to-air missile system, the idea is to train a new generation of soldiers who grew up with video-game controllers in their hands.
“Virtual training helps orient new trainees in ways familiar to them, in that most younger trainees have experience with video games,” Scott Fazekas, a Raytheon spokesman, told The Post. “Learning to perform complex tasks in an intuitive environment — taking into account how trainees acquire skills — helps speed the learning process.”
A Patriot surface-to-air missile battery stands on the training ground of the German Bundeswehr in Fort Bliss near El Paso, Texas. (Oliver Lang/AP file)
The Patriot system is used by 12 countries, according to Reuters , which notes that Raytheon has invested $400 million in improving the Patriot system in recent years. The result has been a faster and tougher machine that uses smaller components, including computer chips that are an eighth of the size that they were as recently as 2006, Reuters reported.
With improved technology comes a need for improved training, Fazekas said, and Raytheon has been training U.S. service members on video games for about a year, using the same sort of consoles and software as video-game makers.
It all starts, Raytheon says, in a dimly lit warehouse in El Paso, where soldiers clad in black unitards and sensors are paraded in front of infrared cameras for the purpose of creating avatars — or digital versions of themselves that will be used in training sessions for the missile system.
Using motion capture technology , Fazekas said, avatars are created in about a day. Traditional animation techniques, he added, take as long as a week and an actor’s movements appear much less organic on the screen.
In the multi-player games, soldiers move their avatars through a virtual landscape and “manipulate digital versions of real-life equipment” for the purpose of training, according to Raytheon.
Why not train on a real missile system, as soldiers have done for decades? Fazekas said that in addition to saving time and money, virtual training is safer for soldiers who require a thorough understanding of complex and expensive military hardware before they can train with it in real life.
“Motion capture makes it so realistic, which, in turn, makes our training that much more immersive,” said Luis Ruiz, 3D Team Lead for Raytheon Intelligence, Information and Services. “We learn better by seeing.”
Soldiers are also able to train using real-world scenarios in a virtual, multi-player setting, according to Raytheon. They also have the option of experiencing the game solo.
“What makes it cool is the equipment,” Ruiz told Fox News . “For example, the crane that is used to reload a Patriot missile is programmed the exact same way as its real-life counterpart.”
According to Fox, “the simulation technology has also been used to train troops on the Javelin missile system and to teach sailors how to respond to onboard emergencies.”
Judging from this video, you can see why it might be worthwhile to train in a virtual environment with the Javelin before handling the real thing:
There is no chance, Ruiz told Fox, that hackers will tap into the training games and pose a national security threat. “We still deliver the disk [to the military] to avoid cloud-based vulnerabilities,” he said.
In the future, Raytheon officials said, the company may incorporate augmented reality into its training.
Peter Holley is a general assignment reporter at The Washington Post. He can be reached at peter.holley@washpost.com.

Gilt investment cap for FIIs to be raised i...Gilt investment
(Reserve Bank of India Governor…)
MUMBAI: Seeking to assuage foreign investors' concerns on caps in government bonds, Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan today said there is a roadmap for expansion but appetite of foreign investors will not be a deciding factor.
"We have in mind a schedule for expansion, so that it is consistent with our ability to absorb that kind of capital. I'd say don't despair, we will expand the limits, but it has to be not at the pace that the market wants, but as per our ability to absorb the kind of inflows that will come in," Rajan said during the post-policy call with analysts.
The country had last expanded the foreign investment limit in G-secs in July by $5 billion to $25 billion, and reports say the yield-chasing investors have already exhausted a bulk of the new addition.
Citing the recent case of a bond issuance by state-run telephony player MTNL which saw higher interest from foreign investors, Rajan said this is because the troubled company's bond issue was looked at as a quasi-sovereign instrument.
Meanwhile, deputy governor HR Khan said the RBI has also come across investments by the foreign investors into the G-secs in "indirect" way, wherein they are using the debt and liquid mutual funds to enter G-secs as also short-term debt like commercial papers and certificates of deposits, which is not allowed at all.
However, he said the quantum of these investments is not very large and the RBI is watching the situation.
"We are keeping a watch. If it becomes substantial, we will be taking action," he warned.
On the inflation indexed bonds (IIBs), which were re-launched last year to garner greater amount of financial savings, Khan said there is a move to redesign the product for institutional investors.
For retail investors, Khan acknowledged that other instruments like the recently introduced Kisan Vikas Patras are there, but stressed that IIBs still hold value in a portfolio.
On the banks' high appetite towards lending to the recession-proof retail segment, Rajan said the RBI brass has repeatedly expressed concern over the industry not getting the the required amount of credit.
"Lending to retail cannot be seen as a new panacea, I think banks are taking cognisance," Rajan said, hoping that banks will start pushing credit to corporates once the demand picks up.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ED questions Radha Timblo in laundering case...Enforcement Directorate questions Goa miner Radha Timblo in laundering case again
PTI Dec 2, 2014, 07.56PM IST
Tags:
Chetan Timblo
(They said Timblo sought…)
PANAJI: Enforcement Directorate (ED) today questioned Goa-based miner Radha Timblo , whose name figured in the blackmoney list submitted by the government in the Supreme Court, for the second time in a fortnight in connection with a money laundering probe against her mining firm.
"She was questioned by the investigating officer of the case for close to five hours. She has submitted some documents and answered questions," ED sources said.
They said Timblo sought some more time to furnish certain additional details about her and her mining company Timblo Private Limited , which has been granted.
She was last questioned on November 18. ED has asked Timblo to furnish details of her company, its business operations and their financial transactions over the last few years in the case where it has registered a criminal complaint under Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).
"Timblo has assured cooperation in the probe," they said. The firm and its directors are being probed by ED, along with other mining firms based in Goa, after it registered a money laundering case in the Rs 35,000-crore Goa mining scam which was earlier investigated by the Justice M B Shah Commission for alleged large-scale irregularities.
The agency had recently questioned her son Chetan Timblo and a few other executives for recording their statements in the same case.
Timblo's name came to the fore after the central government submitted a list in the Supreme Court last month mentioning the name of the firm and its directors including Radha Satish Timblo, Chetan S Timblo, Rohan S Timblo, Anna C Timblo and Mallika R Timblo.
Timblo had maintained she had "no undisclosed bank account abroad" and that she has not done anything illegal.
The agency had in June this year registered a complaint under PMLA after taking cognisance of the reports of the Commission, the inquiry boards constituted in this regard and also an FIR filed by Goa police last year in August.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1tI2XR5FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Cyber Monday grows as busiest day of season
A week of cyber sales at many retailers kicked off with Cyber Monday today in what's expected to be the biggest online shopping day of the year, despite expected traffic declines
Post to Facebook
Cyber Monday grows as busiest day of season A week of cyber sales at many retailers kicked off with Cyber Monday today in what's expected to be the biggest online shopping day of the year, despite expected traffic declines Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1y4RvBN
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
14
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Cyber Monday grows as busiest day of season
Video Keywords National Retail Federation Black Friday The National Retail Federation online sales holiday shopping season
The deals may be better than ever this shopping holiday, but shoppers are less inclined to chase them. USA TODAY's Desair Brown examines this new trend. (USA NOW, USA TODAY)
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  The deals are better than ever this Cyber Monday but
00:06  where aren't the shoppers. I'm to their brown for USA now
00:10  from Monday December 1 2014. If you've already taken advantage of
00:15  early bird deals this holiday shopping season you're not lung. With
00:19  Black Friday promotions starting a week early it's begin to look
00:23  a lot like every day is Black Friday or Cyber Monday.
00:27  Shoppers are feeling less inclined to chase deals. That could explain
00:32  why fewer people shopping stores this weekend instead they used their
00:36  tablets and phones to find deals. In fact retail data shows
00:40  online sales were up on Thanksgiving. As for Cyber Monday according
00:45  to The National Retail Federation about 127. Million people are expected
00:50  to shop online today. That's down from 131. Million who planned
00:55  to shop online last year. But what he's breaking for sales
00:59  while at work Cyber Monday is still the most wonderful time
01:03  of the year for retailers online. There may be Lashoff first
01:07  but is still expected to rake in the best online sales
01:10  for the season. And if you happen to be surfing for
01:14  door busters speed got you covered on the best deals. From
01:17  soda makers to TVs thick comforter sets at USA today dot
Hadley Malcolm , USA TODAY 10:54 a.m. EST December 2, 2014
More people than ever are using mobile to browse and buy holiday purchases,  which may help retailers pushing cyber deals this week.
(Photo: Seth Wenig, AP)
212 CONNECT 214 TWEET 65 LINKEDIN 14 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Cyber Monday proved just as big a draw as ever after a weekend that saw fewer people shopping in stores.
Sales grew 8.5% for the 24-hour period, according to IBM Digital Analytics, solidifying Monday as the largest online shopping day of the year. Shoppers spent an average of  $124.21 per order, down 3.5% from last year, though the number of transactions was up and people bought more items on average per order.
Monetate, a company whose software helps major retailers including Macy's and Best Buy personalize the online shopping experience, also tracked more shopping sessions this year with about 49.3 million sessions, up 11.8% from 2013. Revenue per session increased 7% and the number of people who completed a purchase increased 8.3%.
The National Retail Federation expected a different outcome, projecting fewer shoppers would head online Monday at about 127 million vs. 131 million in 2013. Growth did slow compared to previous years: in 2013 online sales were up 20.6% vs. 2012, according to IBM data.
That may be because shoppers have more chances to get deals later this week as Cyber Monday prices continue through Saturday with some brands. With promotions spread out across November and December this year and many retailers having offered pre-Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales to spur people to shop early, those days themselves have become less important as shopping drivers.
Meanwhile, more people than ever are opting to online shop and use their phones to browse for deals. Online sales over Thanksgiving weekend were up 17% vs. last year and mobile accounted for more than half of all online traffic, according to IBM. On Monday more people shopped on desktops, though mobile still accounted for 41.2% of all online traffic, a 30.1% increase over last year, IBM says.
We've got 'em: The best Cyber Monday deals
Retailers are hopeful that online deals this week will be compelling enough to get shoppers to continue to spend. Walmart doubled the number of deals available for Cyber Monday this year and will continue to have 500 new promotions a day through Friday. Walmart reported Monday was it's biggest day of online orders ever as customers shopped for deals on the 16GB iPad mini, HDTVs, and video games, all major traffic drivers, the retailer said.
Target is billing its Cyber Week as its biggest yet, with more than 100,000 items on sale all week. Kohl's is going a day further with deals online through Saturday. Amazon is offering new deals up to every 10 minutes all week.
Those deals may entice the roughly half of consumers who still have shopping to do, says Consumer Electronics Association Chief Economist Shawn DuBravac. "I would estimate probably close to half of consumers have completed the bulk of their holiday shopping at this point," he says.
And he expects people to continue to buy leading up to Christmas. "There's still appetite as we head into the remaining few weeks of the holiday season," DuBravac says.
Fewer people expected to shop Cyber Monday
That appetite may be fed by increasing parity between online and in-store deals and the convenience of options like same-day shipping and buy online, pick up in store, all of which are making it easier for consumers to wait out the season for the best prices, says Lucinda Duncalfe, CEO of Monetate, a company that sells software to retailers to help them personalize the online shopping experience.
"You can shop online later and later and still get things by Christmas Day," she says. "What will end up happening over time is this continued flattening of the season where people are more willing to wait to see what's going to happen."
212 CONNECT 214 TWEET 65 LINKEDIN 14 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1y4RvBN
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer still on the run | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Wall Street inches higher at open on M&A liftEnergy rally boosts Wall St. despite global growth woes
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
CVS Health
U.S. stocks rose in a volatile Tuesday session as energy shares rallied and investors bet the Federal Reserve will be cautious in removing support in the face of a more fragile global economy.
Futures had crumbled in early trading as the ruble neared 80 per U.S. dollar, down 21 percent. The Russian currency sharply pared its losses and was down about 3 percent, near 68 per dollar.
8
Brent crude fell as much as 4.2 percent but was last down 1.2 percent at $60.36 a barrel. U.S. crude, which fell as much as 4.1 percent, was recently up 0.2 percent at $56.04 a barrel after gaining as much as 2.2 percent.
Energy shares, up 2.9 percent, were the largest gainers on the S&P 500.
"There were many, many stocks, especially in the energy sector that were just trading at absolutely ridiculous prices to their fair market valuation," said Paul Mendelsohn, chief investment strategist at Windham Financial Services in Charlotte, Vermont.
cComments
This article has scant reference to the biggest story on the international scene today, the free fall of the Russian Rouble now at 79 to the dollar, up from the 30s just a short time ago. BBC said today, "Russia's rouble went into free-fall in Tuesday trading, falling repeatedly to...
Kasha11
131
"That is really what started the rally, when investors really started to come into the energy stocks."
Chevron, up 2.6 percent, was leading the points advance in the sector. Chevron's forward price-to-earnings ratio was at 13.6 at the close on Monday, compared to the S&P 500's 16.1, meaning investors pay less for every dollar of Chevron's earnings than they do for the S&P 500 overall.
Among the top percentage gainers, Nabors Industries, up 7.6 percent, had a forward P/E of 8.6, while Denbury Resources' P/E was 8.9. Denbury rose 8.4 percent.
The 43 components of the S&P 500 energy sector were in positive territory.
At 12:57 p.m. EST (1757 GMT) the Dow Jones industrial average rose 118.86 points, or 0.69 percent, to 17,299.7, the S&P 500 gained 12.12 points, or 0.61 percent, to 2,001.75 and the Nasdaq Composite added 11.51 points, or 0.25 percent, to 4,616.67.
Market participants also said bets on the Federal Reserve's next move were giving stocks support. Fed officials will decide this week whether to make a critical change to their policy statement that would widen the door for interest rate hikes next year. In October, The Fed repeated that benchmark rates were unlikely to rise for a "considerable time."
"Perhaps markets think the Fed will not be as on-schedule on taking out that language," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial in Newark, New Jersey.
She said the market is betting the Fed will give consideration to rapidly changing financial conditions. A Fed statement and news conference are expected on Wednesday.
CVS Health Corp, rose 3.8 percent to $94.14 after a strong 2015 forecast. 3M lifted its dividend and was the top points gainer on the Dow industrials with a 2.2 percent advance.
Boeing, up 2.4 percent at $124.95, was among the best performers after it raised its dividend and perked up its buyback program.
NYSE advancing issues outnumbered decliners 2,018 to 996, for a 2.03-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,714 issues rose and 945 fell for a 1.81-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 was posting 10 new 52-week highs and 39 lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 22 new highs and 154 lows.
(Additional reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak; editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

Sprint: We ll cut your AT&T  Verizon bills in halfTop tech news, delivered daily
Code/red by John Paczkowski
The insider's view on what's happening today and what's on the horizon
Reuters / Andrew Kelly
Sprint Vows to Halve the Bills of AT&T and Verizon Defectors
December 2, 2014, 6:00 AM PST
Click to email this to a friend
Share:
Sprint will unveil an aggressive new price promotion Tuesday that it claims will halve the bills of customers who defect from AT&T and Verizon in the latest salvo of an increasingly bitter price war.
Under the terms of the deal, which kicks off Friday, a customer can bring a current AT&T or Verizon bill to a Sprint store and store representatives will set up a new plan that is half of the service portion of that bill (the cost of calls, texting and data). In addition to that service cost, though, customers have to buy an unsubsidized device, either up front, through installments or using one of Sprint’s new leasing plans .
Sprint will also pay up to $350 in early termination fees or remaining device-installment payments, though customers must turn in their existing devices.
In many ways, this is Sprint’s boldest move yet, with the company placing few restrictions other than requiring customers to show proof of their current plans.
So, for example, if a Verizon customer is paying $320 for four lines, Sprint is saying that it will charge $160 for a similar calling plan — plus the cost of a new device.
New Sprint CEO Marcelo Claure has vowed to make his company the value leader and introduced a number of new offers and promotions in the months since he has taken the helm. He has also announced plans to cut costs and shed jobs in order to allow Sprint to offer the lower rates.
Claure tweeted about the rate plan in vague terms late Monday night.
Getting ready to launch one of our most exciting promotions ever!! Especially designed for Verizon and att customers who love to save money
— MarceloClaure (@marceloclaure) December 2, 2014
Notably, the offer does not extend to customers of T-Mobile U.S. Officially, Sprint notes that AT&T and Verizon control about 70 percent of the market, though the decision probably also has to do with the fact that T-Mobile already has pretty low rates of its own.
The new offer does not apply to Sprint’s current customers, though the company has other offers that are available to existing customers. The company is also looking to be more aggressive in retaining existing customers who might be considering a switch.
While the latest pitch could well appeal to AT&T and Verizon customers willing to move to Sprint’s network, it could turn out to be a logistical nightmare for Sprint’s business. In addition to the considerable up-front work needed to determine a customer’s rate, Sprint will be left with customers on a seemingly infinite number of different rate plans.
Training for Sprint’s store workers will begin later on Tuesday, giving the company’s employees just a couple of days to prepare for customers to start showing up with their phones and bills.
Sprint says that while the offer is for a limited time, those who sign up for this promotion can keep that rate for as long as they wish.

Live: Inflation is near comfort zone  6 pc consumer price index target by 2016  says RBI ...Live: Inflation is near comfort zone  6 pc consumer price index target by 2016  says RBI ...
RBI Governor Interview22:25 pm Here's what to expect from FOMC meet ahead
- in FII View
22:21 pm Fin assets catching up: Will 2015 be the year of equities?
- in CNBC-TV18 Comments
21:29 pm '12 technologies can add up to $1 tn to eco value in India'
- in 24X7booking

US woos Chinese with social media  fritters and a quizSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Smokey Robinson s Home Hits Marketsmokey robinson s home hits market
PM Modi has made a good start: Management guru Ram CharanE-mail
MindRush 2014 presents a common platform to amalgamate the brightest of the business ideas which form the core of India Inc and can take it to new heights. But there is a Guru for all disciples and all ideas. This event too witnessed the presence of one who enthralled all with his speech and persona. Ram Charan, world-renowned business advisor, author and speaker spoke in the 'Idea Incubator' segment with a do-and-tell session on fitness.

BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty log first drop in 4 sessions ahead of RBIpolicyCrude turmoil, rouble rout spook India, world markets
Stocks fell for the first time in four sessions today with benchmark Sensex slipping 134.37 points to 28,559.62 and Nifty dipping 32.35 points to 8,555.90 on caution ahead of RBI policy review and weak global cues.
Oil and gas stocks were the biggest laggards after global crude prices hit a five-year low. Power, metal and capital goods shares also witnessed sharp selling.
Consumer durable stocks spurted on good buying. Auto shares saw some activity after release of monthly sales.
The BSE Sensex, after rising to the day’s high of 28,809.64 on the back of initial buying, declined to 28,538.44 on profit-booking. It ended at 28,559.62, logging a fall of 134.37 points or 0.47 per cent. In the previous three sessions, the gauge had rallied over 355 points.
On Friday, it had zoomed to intra-day record high of 28,822.37 and ended at record close of 28,693.99.
Among 30-share Sensex, stocks like ONGC, Hindalco, BHEL, RIL, Tata Power, Tata Steel, M&M and Sesa Sterlite ended down.
The 50-share NSE Nifty opened at 8,605.10 and hit a fresh high of 8,623.00 before closing at 8,555.90, down 32.35 points of 0.38 per cent.
“Participants preferred to sit on sidelines and booked some profit ahead of RBI’s monetary policy review scheduled for Tuesday,” said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
After first quarter GDP grew at 5.3 per cent in September quarter, an HSBC survey showed manufacturing sector output accelerated in November at the quickest pace in 2 years.
In broader markets, airline shares zoomed after prices of jet fuel (ATF) were cut by 4.1 per cent. Jewellery stocks, including Gitanjali Gems and Titan Company, shined after RBI withdrew 80-20 rule and restrictions on import of gold.
“Indian Rupee weakened to a fresh nine-month lows of 62.23 levels spot, as government eased the curbs on gold imports and economic growth for second quarter was weak. However, exporter selling and FII sales brought the Rupee down towards 62.00 levels by the close of day. Over this week, we expect the pair to trade within a range of 61.60/80 and 62.30/40 levels on spot. RBI monetary policy and US November jobs report will be key data points,” said Anindya Banerjee, currency analyst, Kotak Securities.
Globally, a mixed closing at Asian markets and a lower opening in European markets also influenced trading here.
Sectorwise, BSE Oil & Gas index suffered the most by falling 2.57 per cent, Power (2.2 percent), Metal (2.14 per cent), Capital Goods (1.37 percent) and Realty (0.62 percent).
However, Consumer Durables index rose 3.31 per cent, IT index by 0.84 per cent and Auto index by 0.33 per cent.
Meanwhile, the provisional data released by stock exchanges showed that Foreign Portfolio Investors bought shares worth a net Rs 935.86 crore on Friday.
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty RBI
More from indianmarkets

Bidding to stay at Donald Trumps hotel for 2017 inauguration Pick the next presidentBy Jonathan O'Connell December 1 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
The Old Post Office Pavilion (L) will re-open as Trump hotel in 2016. (Photo by Tracy A. Woodward/The Washington Post)
You can go ahead and purchase the right to a reservation at the Trump International hotel for the 2017 presidential inauguration right now — so long as you know who will win the election.
Five years after it began offering advanced access to sporting events  such as the Super Bowl and the Final Four, a Chicago company has teamed with Donald Trump and daughter Ivanka to offer advance access to reservations at the luxury hotel the family is creating at the Old Post Office for the 2017 presidential inauguration.
The company, Forward Market Media, has experience doing this in the sports world, as it creates markets in which fans can bid on options to buy tickets for championship events should their team make it that far.
During this college football season, fans of the University of Maryland could purchase the right to tickets to see the team in the National Championship game or the Rose Bowl through the company’s Teamtix.com site. If the team made the game, buyers of the options would be assured a ticket at face value.
Fans can buy and sell their options as the season progresses, with prices generally rising for teams that are more likely to make the big game.
For a shot at an inauguration stay at the $200 million Trump hotel, on pace to be completed in 2016, the Trumps and FMM are offering options linked to possible presidential candidates. Whether you think Hillary Clinton, Jeb Bush, Chris Christie or Martin O’Malley will be elected, prices for options to buy reservations began at $250 at the end of October.
Keep in mind, the $250 just secures the right to reserve a room from the Trump Organization for the inauguration. The actual prices for the rooms have not been set, but could run more than $1,000 a night. And there is a price to picking the wrong horse in the horse race: If you secure an option attached to a candidate who does not win, you lose your money.
The Trump Organization is making 50 rooms available for the FMM venture.
Despite the extra risks and costs, Rick Harmon, chief executive of Forward Market Media, said he considers the service a chance for the average voter to enjoy the inauguration like a Washington insider.
“You don’t have to know somebody in the back room to get a reservation, if you know what I mean,” Harmon said. “The big shots of the world don’t tend to use our market because they can call so-and-so and get a ticket to the Super Bowl or call so-and-so and get a room even if it’s sold out.”
Harmon said he expected campaign staff or supporters to be among the most enthusiastic buyers.
“The overwhelming preponderance of  people who participate in this are going to be people who are either donors who gave money to a campaign or were on campaign staffs around the country,” he said. “If you’re thinking, we’ve got a real shot to win, then you simply must be in Washington D.C. during the inauguration.”
To date, the company has created more than 400 options markets, for organizations such as the Big Ten Conference and Major League Baseball, as well as Broadway shows.  For the Trumps, Forward Market Media set up a Web site called CandidateKey2016.com .
By mid-November, Harmon said a “few dozen” people had purchased reservation rights on the site. If the sports model serves as a comparison, option prices attached to candidates who perform strongly during the campaign will go up. (A recent glance showed that all the prices were still $250, even for Hillary Clinton and Jeb Bush.)
Donald Trump, a lover of both politics and free markets, issued a statement saying the partnership would allow “early access for individuals who want to experience the highest levels of luxury at Trump International Hotel, Washington, D.C.”
“I look forward to watching the market dynamics as this important election unfolds,” Trump said.
Trump also regularly raises the possibility of running for president himself. He is not listed on the options page for his hotel, although there is space to write in the candidate of one’s choice.
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

5 Holiday Gift-Giving Mistakes to AvoidEmail
The best gifts make an impression, but it's the worst ones that really stick  with us.
They're the presents you talk about at dinner parties, laughing at their  awfulness or tackiness. And while they might make good conversation, you never  want to be the person who gave one.
Damian Dovarganes / AP
The pressure of the holidays can make people lose perspective when it comes to giving gifts.
The pressure of the holidays can make people lose perspective when it comes  to giving gifts. Avoiding a faux pas, though, isn't too difficult if you steer  clear of some common minefields. 
Watch your spending.
Gifts are not a tit-for-tat exchange. Just because someone spent a certain  amount on a present for you doesn't mean you have to spend the same on theirs.  Too often, shoppers overspend in hopes of not being seen as a cheapskate. This  can actually be the worst move to make.
"If you spend a lot of money on a gift, doing so [can] make a recipient feel  uncomfortable," said Sherri Athay, author of "Present Perfect: Unforgettable  Gifts for Every Occasion."
"You don't want to appear stingy, but generally, whether intended or not,  giving gifts creates a feeling of obligation," she said.
Overspending doesn't always relate to the dollar amount, either. A  personalized gift that obviously took a lot of time and effort can be touching,  but it can also create problems if the recipient simply grabbed an off-the-shelf  item for you.
Video: If you want to buy everything listed in the classic song “The Twelve days of Christmas” this year it’ll add up to about $116,000, according to PNC Bank Management. That’s up about 1.5 percent from last year.
At the same time, while a budget is a good thing, being too cheap can come  back to haunt you. 
"If the bag says Bloomingdales and the gift came from Duane Reed, that's kind  of a bait and switch," said Diane Gottsman, an etiquette expert and owner of The  Protocol School of Texas. "Make sure it represents where it comes from, so if  they do need to exchange it, it doesn't embarrass them."
Regift with caution.
There's nothing wrong with regifting, but it does require some common sense.
The biggest mistake to avoid, of course, is accidentally regifting the item  to the person who gave it to you—or to a mutual friend of yours. And a very  close second is making sure it's not obvious you're just passing along something  you don't want.
"If you are going to repurpose a gift, you need to make very sure it doesn't  have your name on it," said Gottsman. "Make sure there's no gift card left on it  that you didn't see and that it's in its original box or bag. And definitely  regift outside of the circle of friends that gave it to you."
Read More Want a jolly  Christmas? These 5 things must change
Remember, not every item is a candidate for regifting, because, let's face  it, some are just terrible. However, if you've received a nice sweater that  doesn't fit you or a bottle of wine but you don't drink, those are viable  candidates.
Avoid utilitarian gifts
A practical gift may show that you gave some thought to the recipient, but  that doesn't always make it a good idea. While you might not want to get too  personal, you also don't want to retreat too far in the opposite  direction.
"My brother, many years ago, said, 'I never give my wife a gift with an  electrical cord attached to it,'" said Athay. "Gifts should be something  somebody wouldn't get for themselves."
Also verboten are gifts that nudge someone toward some form of  self-improvement. It's too easy to accidentally hurt the recipient's feelings.
Read More Hey, it'll be cheaper  after Christmas!
"Gifts that hint at self-improvement or change for the recipients—like a  low-fat cookbook or a book on how to get organized—are a bad idea," said Athay.  "Even if it's something they have identified they want, you [still] might want  to move forward carefully."  
Logo a no-no.
Corporate gifts all too often become marketing opportunities. And most of  those end up in the trash.
"We tend to want to put our logo all over something, but we have to remember  that most people don't want to receive a gift with somebody else's logo," said  Gottsman. "Even a business gift is a gift of goodwill. It's to remind a person  that they're valuable. It's to build a relationship for the next year. You want  them to use it."
Don't fall for the hype.
Shopping early takes some of the pressure off of buyers. As the date of a  gift swap nears, some people tend to fall for marketing in ways they would never  do so during the rest of the year.
"Men, in particular, have a tendency to give in to the advertising hype,"  said Athay. "They see signs or TV segments saying, 'This is what all women want  this holiday season' and buy it."
That's not only oftentimes inaccurate (think back to items like breadmakers  and hair-removal devices of years past), it also sends the message that the  recipient doesn't stand out from the crowd and that you, the gift giver, just  jumped on the nearest bandwagon.
"A gift is a way to convey a message to somebody," said Athay. "If you think  about that message, you're going to have an easier time conveying that message."  
Tags:

When the Greens go too farWhen the Greens go too far
NARENDAR PANI
Tweet
Edged out Children make do with a dried up tank bed doubling as playground G MOORTHY
Protecting trees in cities is all very well, but should it be at the cost of pavements and playgrounds?
As the land acquisition Bill re-enters the centre-stage of political discourse it will focus attention on a number of important questions. Is the shortage of industrial land as serious as it is made out to be?
Given the practice of giving projects more land than they really need, is it time to withdraw their rights to unused land? Should land be taken back from failed industries?
In addition to these attention-gathering questions there are also those that tend to slip under the radar because they are politically incorrect. High on the list of such unasked questions are those related to land claimed by environmentalists. There is an unquestionable need for trees and parks in any city worth living in. But how can we be sure that these demands have not received more land than the city really needs to give them; or what is now being seen across the world as Green Grabbing.
Difficult choices
With the growth of a much-needed ecological consciousness there often emerges, especially in Indian cities, an unchallenged acceptance of certain green activities. There is very little attention paid to the possibility that in some cases these activities can be at the cost of other equally, sometimes even more important support a city must provide. Preventing the cutting of trees for the widening of roads has an inherent appeal when seen as a conflict between elitist speeding cars and the environment. But if the space that the cutting of trees generates were to be used for pavements, the moral choice is less clear. Surely, with the growing rate at which pedestrians are being killed in several Indian cities, saving the lives of pedestrians should be as worthwhile as saving the environment?
What makes matters worse is that in some cities the few pavements that remain are encroached upon by individualistic green activism. House-owners in these cities have been known to plant trees and even gardens on the pavements outside their homes.
This sentiment is apparently so popular and unchallenged that elected representatives in these cities have been known to use their Local Area Development funds to growgardens and plant trees on the pavements they are claiming to develop. The fact that this green activism makes the pavements much less pedestrian friendly is lost in the ecology.
Extreme ecology
The main case for ecological extremism in our cities is that it serves to protect the interests of future generations. But Green Grabbing can result in hurting the interests of the very next generation: our children. In several cities there is a growing tendency to convert playgrounds into parks.
The greenery in the parks is laid out in a way that it helps joggers and senior citizens. Very often this is at the cost of urban space for children to play in. And a city that has no space for children to play cannot complain about producing unsporting adults!
The line between environmental sensitivity and Green Grabbing is a very thin one. To ensure that this is drawn in a way that helps the growth of a desirable city, it is imperative that we have institutions that can take the interests of all those who are affected into account and come up with a solution that is both sustainable and fair.
The manner in which this negotiation is carried out today is both arbitrary and opaque. The interests of some groups, particularly pedestrians and children, are barely heard.
The trade-off between pedestrians and car-owners in most Indian cities is heavily loaded in favour of the latter. And the attitude to sport has become so commercialised that parents whose voices would be heard prefer to leave their children in coaching camps with the potential for future financial success, rather than give their children the sheer joy of play.
Beyond political correctness
In the absence of an effective institution the burden of arriving at solutions often falls on the judiciary. While the judiciary has played an important and effective role on several green issues, this institution is typically constrained by the need to focus on the interests of those involved in specific cases.
Several other interest groups, such as children, often do not have the ability to become parties to the case. And it is also possible that solutions that seem fair in isolated instances may not be fair or sustainable for the city as a whole. The case for not cutting trees has often received judicial support, but when it severely hampers the movement of pedestrians the interests of the city as a whole can be hurt.
As political discourse moves to the conflict about urban land we can expect that in our democratic process political interests will come under intense scrutiny, but it is also important that we look beyond the veil of political correctness to recognise the role of Green Grabbing.
The writer is a professor at the School of Social Science, National Institute of Advanced Studies, Bengaluru
(This article was published on December 1, 2014)
Related

Mangalore Chemicals shares jump over 9% as Vijay Mallya quits boardCrude turmoil, rouble rout spook India, world markets
Shares of Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers surged over 9 per cent today after Vijay Mallya resigned as a director of the company.
After surging 19.97 per cent to Rs 97.90 in intra-day session, shares of MCFL finally ended at Rs 89.25, up 9.38 per cent from previous close on the BSE.
At the NSE, the stock closed 7.66 per cent higher at Rs 89.25.
The company’s market valuation rose by Rs 90.75 crore to Rs 1,057.75 crore. About 2.98 lakh shares of the company changed hands at the BSE, while more than 10 lakh shares were traded at the NSE during the day.
As UB Group continues to face growing shareholder activism, its Chairman Vijay Mallya today resigned as a director of group entity MCFL without assigning any reasons.
“Dr Vijay Mallya, a Director on the Board of Directors of the company, has resigned with immediate effect,” MCFL said in a filing to stock exchanges.
There was no reason given for the resignation, which came within days of minority shareholders of United Spirits rejecting 9 out of 12 resolutions, including those pertaining to pacts with entities connected to erstwhile promoter Mallya.
TAGS: Mangalore Chemicals And Fertilizers Vijay Mallya
More from markets

Scott Sady / ASSOCIATED PRESS filescott sady / associated press file
IBM signs major deal with ABN AmroUpdated: December 2, 2014 00:25 IST
IBM signs major deal with ABN Amro
Reuters
communication infrastructure
IBM has signed a ten-year, multi-billion dollar deal to provide computer infrastructure services to Dutch bank ABN Amro running on its cloud systems, the U.S. information technology firm said on Monday. The deal comes as IBM is trying to gain momentum in the market for Internet-delivered computing services, known as cloud computing. IBM will provide fully managed services for mainframe computers, servers, storage and end-user computing as well as a help desk and other technical support.

Goldman Top Employer at IIT-M PlacementYou are here: Home Corporates
Goldman Sachs Top Employer on Day 1 of Placement at IIT Madras
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 02, 2014 01:04 (IST)
Chennai: Investment banking giant Goldman Sachs was the top employer recruiting 13 candidates on the first day of the placement season that began at the Indian Institute of Technology, Madras on Monday.
Samsung Research and Development Institute, Bangalore, employed eight, while Visa Inc and Microsoft employed seven each.
Shell India Markets gave offer letters to six candidates, while ITC Ltd recruited five, an IIT-M release said.
The top salary offered, by a foreign company, was $1.29 lakh (Rs 79.98 lakh at 1 dollar = 62 rupees) per year.
The second highest pay offered was Rs 30 lakh per year, by a domestic firm, the release said without disclosing the details of candidates.
Four persons were selected by the Boston Consulting Group, while McKinsey and Company, Xerox Research Centre, IBM recruited three candidates each.
Auctus Advisors and Hindustan Unilever Ltd offered placements to two candidates each, while Japan-headquartered Works Applications selected 1 candidate.
During the graveyard placement session that is conducted between midnight and 6 a.m., Epic selected five candidates while internet major Google selected four.
Oracle India recruited two candidates, while Cisco, Visa Inc, Service Now Software Development India selected one each.
Microsoft selected three candidates, the release noted.
Story first published on: December 01, 2014 23:19 (IST)

Cyber Monday growth slows after retail sales fell Thanksgiving weekendCyber Monday growth slows after retail sales fell Thanksgiving weekend
Caption Family support
E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune
Vicky Navarra (center) and her cousin Sophia Navarra of the Detroit area do some Black Friday shopping at the Fashion Outlets of Chicago in Rosemont, Ill.
Vicky Navarra (center) and her cousin Sophia Navarra of the Detroit area do some Black Friday shopping at the Fashion Outlets of Chicago in Rosemont, Ill. (E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune)
Caption In pursuit of deals
E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune
Black Friday shoppers pursue deals at the Fashion Outlets of Chicago in Rosemont, Ill.
Black Friday shoppers pursue deals at the Fashion Outlets of Chicago in Rosemont, Ill. (E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Pile of boots
Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune
Lena McCarthy, 80, of Chicago searches for black boots in her size on Friday at JCPenny in the North Riverside Mall.
Lena McCarthy, 80, of Chicago searches for black boots in her size on Friday at JCPenny in the North Riverside Mall. (Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Kermit
Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune
Black Friday shopper Luzy Dale, center, of Berwyn buys a Kermit doll for herself at JCPenny in the North Riverside Mall, Chicago, on Friday.
Black Friday shopper Luzy Dale, center, of Berwyn buys a Kermit doll for herself at JCPenny in the North Riverside Mall, Chicago, on Friday. (Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Holiday antlers
Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune
JC Penney support specialist Antonio Barrios, 20, straightens merchandise at JCPenny in the North Riverside Mall on Friday.
JC Penney support specialist Antonio Barrios, 20, straightens merchandise at JCPenny in the North Riverside Mall on Friday. (Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune)
More shoppers opted to stay put for holiday, survey shows.
Cyber Monday has been undercut too, retail group says.
Despite Black Friday lag, National Retail Federation expects growth for the full holiday sales season.
Online sales on what has become known as Cyber Monday were 8.7 percent higher than last year as of 2 p.m., according to IBM Digital Analytics. But the increase is far short of the 21 percent yearly growth seen last year.
8
The smaller pace of growth Monday follows a drop in retail sales over the Thanksgiving weekend.
Total spending fell an estimated 11.3 percent over the weekend compared with last year, as fewer people hit the stores and those who did shelled out less money, the National Retail Federation said Sunday.
Shopping centers fighting the rise of online retailers are unpacking a bag of tricks this holiday season to keep customers coming through the doors. ( Shan Li )
The retail trade group attributed the drop in large part to retailers starting their promotions earlier in the season.
"While (consumers) are more optimistic about the economy and have more to spend, I still think they're very cautious and looking for deals," federation president and CEO Matthew Shay said in a Sunday conference call. "And if the deals aren't right for them, they're not going to spend."
cComments
Do their Black Friday figures include the figures from Thursday? I find it sad that most stores opened at 5 pm or 6 pm on Thursday. It was bad enough when retailers opened at midnight a few years ago. Then it became 10 pm. Now it's 5 pm? Ridiculous. "Hold on kids, we aren't...
Evan Montgomery
39
The number of individuals who shopped in stores or online from Thanksgiving Day through Sunday fell 5.2 percent to 133.7 million, from 141.1 million last year, falling short of expectations that turnout would be flat, according to a survey commissioned by the retail group. Total shopping visits, which includes multiple trips by the same shoppers, also was down, to 233.3 million visits compared with 248.6 million last year.
People spent less too — an average of $380.95 per person, down 6.4 percent from last year. Total spending for the weekend is expected to drop to $50.9 billion, down from last year's $57.4 billion.
That trend was true for online shopping as well. Though 42 percent of budgets were spent online, the average online order value of $159.55 was down 10 percent from last year.
When Cyber Monday is complete, the federation expects slightly fewer people to have shopped online this year — 126.9 million compared with 131.6 million last year.
Still, the federation is holding fast to its prediction that holiday sales will grow 4.1 percent to $616.9 billion, an improvement over last year, when holiday revenues grew 3.1 percent.
"We still feel that the macro conditions are positive," Shay said. That includes low gas prices, which leave people with more cash in their wallets.
Most shopping happened in department stores, and the majority of shoppers bought apparel, followed by toys and electronics.
Shay said retailers are geared up for a "dogfight" for the rest of the holiday season.
"Every day is going to be Black Friday, every minute is going to be Cyber Monday. You can't let up for a minute because of the competitive nature that is out there," Shay said.

This Is the Single Greatest Cause of Employee Disengagementreddit
We all lead "double lives." We have our personal lives where we can: control the technologies and devices we want to use, build and shape communities, share and collaborate with who we want where we want, easily access information, take out loans on a house and make purchases, and have the freedom and flexibility to live how we want. Then we have our professional lives where we: commute an hour each way, use company sanctioned technology, sit in cubicles, get 200+ emails a day, are not able to effectively communicate and collaborate, operate under a command and control hierarchy, feel like a cog, and need to get approvals for buying a $100 office chair.
Should we be shocked that synonyms for employee include "cog" or "slave ?" Or that synonyms for managers include "slave-driver" and "zookeeper."  My favorite synonyms are for "work" which include "drudgery" and "daily-grind." We spend more hours working than doing anything else in our lives so in 2014 and beyond it's completely unacceptable that we spend the majority of our time on this earth doing things that are beyond our control.
It's no wonder that the majority of employees around the world don't like their jobs and there is one key reason for that. Work practices, attitudes, values, strategies, technologies, and ways of working are evolving and changing at a rapid pace, whereas organizations remain stagnant when it comes to adapting to these changes.
We live in 2014 and work in 1970. This gap is what causes employee disengagement.
Many companies still operate as though employees are expendable, assume that managers are powerful leaders who should control all the information and remain stoic, and that there needs to be a bureaucratic "pecking order" to how things get done.
When it comes to the future of work, organizations must focus on closing this gap. Consider an organization such as gaming company Valve which has completely gotten rid of managers altogether in favor of an approach where employees pick what they want to do, who they do it with, and when they do it. Or how about Whirlpool WHR +1.43% which recently took a unique approach to leadership by stating that everyone at the company should be a leader and created four categories that every employee in the organization can fit into (leaders self, leading others, leading function, and leading enterprise). Then we have organizations like Netflix NFLX -1.26% which doesn't have a vacation policy for employees and allows their team members to make their own purchases without having to get approval for everything they need.
--
Jacob is an author, speaker, and futurist. You can learn more by visiting TheFutureOrganization.com .
You can also subscribe to Jacob's newsletter to get weekly content on the future of work and the first 30 pages of his new book, The Future of Work .
Follow Jacob Morgan on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jacobm
More:
Employees Engagements & Proposals Jacob Morgan Future of Work
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

Govt hikes excise duty on petrol by Rs 2.25  diesel by Rs 101:30 pm
The government on Tuesday raised excise duty on petrol and diesel once again. It had last raised excise duty on petrol and diesel by Rs 1.50 a litre each to help it achieve the fiscal deficit target for this year on November 14.
In this round, the excise duty on petrol will be raised by Rs 2.25 per litre, while for diesel it will be hiked by Rs 1 effective midnight. The government expects to mop up Rs 4,000 crore through this additional hike.
The hike will not be passed on to consumers, sources say.
Former  IOC CMD S Behuria believes increasing excise duty is a step in the right direction at this point. He adds that this is a good move by the government to raise money in a quick way.
S Narayan, former financial secretary says while this is a very good step and the government is looking at the interest of the consumers as well as its own balance sheet, it should perhaps also take care of the companies’ interests.
Gagan Dixit of Quant Global Research does not think that OMCs will not be allowed to enjoy high margins. "In case of gasoline these oil marketing companies (OMCs) are making in the range of something like Rs 2-4 per litre, past two-three years I have observed. So that is the typical range they are expected to make," he told CNBC-TV18.
Narendra Taneja, BJP Energy Cell feels oil prices may move northwards in the next few months.
Below is the verbatim transcript of S Narayan, S Behuria, Narendra Taneja and Gagan Dixit's interview on CNBC-TV18
Ekta: Your thoughts on the excise duty hike, second in a span of less than a month?
Narayan: What the government has done is a very good step because as you know the revenues are now far short of their budgeted targets and they need to meet the fiscal deficit target of 4.1 percent. So this is a good opportunity. The only thing is that only yesterday they reduced the petrol and diesel price also and to impose the excise duty now, perhaps there could have been a little bit of coordination so that this could have been optically better managed. But yes in terms of step it is a right step that they are taking.
I do take the point that the interest of the oil companies is not been fully taken care of in all these variations. Government continues to look at of course the customer’s interest but also continues to look at its balance sheet. So in a way I think in all this somewhere the government should also take care of the companies interest.
Anuj: Is this the call now that the government has taken that from hereon further fall in crude prices will be used up by the government and not entirely passed on to the consumers?
Taneja: Not exactly, this call has been taken because the idea was that the government has an opportunity to build a capacity because we all know that oil prices are down today but we don’t know what is going to happen tomorrow. In all likelihood, oil prices will start moving northward in months to come.
Anuj: Are you saying that in case the oil prices go up over the next two or three months, pump prices would not be raised and the cushion that has been created because of excise duty hike that would be cut, is that what you are saying?
Taneja: No, this is the government response as of today. We will have to wait and watch, we will have to study the development very carefully. The idea will be to pass on the benefit to the consumers wherever possible, to the extent possible but at the same time – this is my personal view that the government should think of setting up price stabilisation fund and use part of the money as oil prices go down to put in that fund which can be a national trust which is run in a very transparent manner.
When the prices go up and the country starts demanding, the government needs to step in; the government can step in or the fund can step in on behalf of the government to stabilise the prices so that the people can be insulated to the extent possible. So, that is just my personal opinion.
Anuj: Stocks are down quite a bit, quite clearly there is not going to be any negative impact on these companies but one thing which the market will now have to live with is that these companies will not be allowed to enjoy any kind of positive margin on petrol and diesel. That is something which is now quite clearly visible that either the prices at the pump level will be reduced or excise duty will be hiked. In such a scenario how would you approach these stocks?
Dixit: No, I do not think it is a case that these companies are not allowed to make high margins because anyway if the government doesn’t increase the excise duty, after two weeks they are going to reduce Rs 1-2 further on diesel and gasoline prices. So, in case of gasoline these oil marketing companies (OMCs) are making in the range of something like Rs 2-4 per litre, past two-three years I have observed. So that is the typical range they are expected to make.
But if crude reverses further to about USD 80/barrel, government might reduce the excise duty in future.
Anuj: In between all of this one stock which had quite clearly got almost everything going against it now is  ONGC because on one hand you have lower crude prices, subsidy burden is falling but that is not being shared with ONGC yet. How would you approach this stock?
Dixit: For Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), I expect that from next quarter there is a possibility that some clarity would emerge or at least they would start getting the benefit from declining under recoveries. What happened in last quarter is that during July to September, average crude price internationally was still higher so definitely they have not got the benefit. However, going forward if they maintain the USD 56 per barrel subsidy burden on their production, definitely their realisation would be hardly USD 5-10/barrel around that level.
Q: I have a two part question. First is do you believe this is a right step, government wants to take advantage of the lower crude prices and secondly how would companies react? Do we see a price hike today or would that be taken care of with the positive margin that these companies enjoy right now?
Behuria: I think it is a right step as an ad-hoc step. The government so far has insulated the consumers for many years on price increases. When it came to between oil industry and government, they helped them a lot by giving subsidies, under-recoveries. So when there is an opportunity for a quick mopping up without hurting anybody, I think it is a very good step but I think the government must now come out with the policy of low price regime, which is likely to remain for the next two-three years in my view. You cannot do these ad-hoc things all the time. Number two is, I don’t think that should increase any prices because they would have looked at those numbers. Basically I think the under-recoveries that oil industry is going to make is mostly marked up through excise taxes, which is okay. This is an easy and a quick way of doing it.
RELATED NEWS

Sebi Seeks Clarification on PNC Infratech s IPOMonte Carlo Fashions to Raise Rs 350 Crore via IPO
New Delhi: Market regulator Sebi has sought clarification from the merchant banker of PNC Infratech Limited regarding the company's proposed initial public offer (IPO).
Without disclosing details of clarifications sought, Sebi has said "clarifications (are) awaited from lead manager" for the proposed public issue.
According to the latest weekly update to the processing status of draft offer documents filed with Sebi, the regulator has said clarifications are awaited on the proposed IPO of Agra-based infrastructure firm, PNC Infratech, as on November 28, 2014.
Sebi said it might issue observations on PNC Infratech's IPO document within 30 days from the date of receipt of a satisfactory reply from the lead merchant banker, ICICI Securities, to the clarification or additional information sought.
The regulator had received the draft offer documents on September 25 through its lead manager.
As per Draft Red Herring Prospectus, the company plans to hit the capital markets with a public issue of over 1.29 crore equity shares of face value of Rs 10 each.
The offer comprises a fresh issue of 1.15 crore equity shares and an offer for sale of 14.22 lakh equity shares.
The capital raised through the issue would be utilised for "funding working capital requirements, investment in subsidiary, PNC Raebareli Highways Pvt Ltd, for part-financing the Raebareli-Jaunpur project; investment in capital equipment; repayment/ prepayment of certain indebtedness; and funding expenditure for general corporate purposes."
Story first published on: December 02, 2014 15:03 (IST)

Gold prices soar by Rs 840 in biggest single-day gain in 201412
0
New Delhi: Posting this year's biggest single-day rise of Rs 840, gold on Tuesday regained the Rs 27,000 per ten gram level after a gap of over one month in the national capital, tracking rebounds in global markets. In addition, pick-up in domestic demand from jewellers and retailers for the wedding season also buoyed sentiment.
After losing Rs 730 in last six sessions after the RBI eased imports curbs by scrapping 80:20 scheme, gold staged a strong comeback by rising Rs 840 to close at Rs 27,040 per ten grams, a level last seen on October 30.
Silver also recorded a significant gain of Rs 2,700 to Rs 37,000 per kg on increased off-take by industrial units and coin makers.
Silver also recorded a significant gain of Rs 2,700 to Rs 37,000 per kg.
#gold #gold prices #silver #silver prices
Sentiment bolstered after gold surged by 3.69 per cent, its biggest gain since September 19, to USD 1,218.10 an ounce in New York on Monday, as rebound in crude price revived demand for the precious metal as stores of value, bullion traders said.
Globally, silver also surged 7.3 per cent to $16.69 an ounce yesterday, the highest gain since September 2013.
Besides, rising domestic demand from jewellers and retailers for the ongoing wedding season too influenced precious metal prices, they said.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity zoomed up by Rs 840 each to Rs 27,040 and Rs 26,840 per ten grams respectively.
Sovereign moved up by Rs 100 to Rs 23,700 per piece of eight gram.
Following gold, silver ready spurted by Rs 2,700 to Rs 37,000 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 2,420 to Rs 36,340 per kg.
Silver coins recovered sharply by Rs 3,000 to Rs 61,000 for buying and Rs 62,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
9

Centre asks J&K to consider conferment of permanent status to West Pakistan refugeesDec 02, 2014 at 03:41pm IST
Centre asks J&K to consider conferment of permanent status to West Pakistan refugees
9
0
New Delhi: There would be no permanent residency for refugees from Pakistan settled in Jammu and Kashmir since 1947 unless the state Constitution is amended, the government today informed the Lok Sabha.
Union Minister of State for Home Kiren Rijiju said West Pakistani refugees settled in the state are not the subjects as per the Constitution of Jammu and Kashmir and have no right to acquire immovable property such as land and house in the state.
"They are citizens of India and have the right to vote in parliamentary elections, but they do not enjoy voting rights to the state assembly and local bodies. This Ministry (MHA) has requested the state government of Jammu and Kashmir to consider conferment of permanent status to West Pakistan refugees settled in Jammu and Kashmir," the minister said during question hour.
Rijiju noted that the Ministry shall consider the package for West Pakistan refugees of 1947 separately, but the state government has not provided complete information about this.
#refugees #pakistan #jammu and kashmir #permanent status
"There would be no permanent residency to the refugees from West Pakistan settled in Jammu and Kashmir unless the state constitution is amended," Rijiju said.
The minister informed that issue is under consideration of the state cabinet sub-committee headed by state finance minister, but it is yet to form a view over the issue.
"Once the issue is decided about the permanent resident's right, all other subsidiary benefits would follow automatically," he said.
Rijiju noted that the Ministry shall consider the package for West Pakistan refugees of 1947 separately, but the state government has not provided complete information about this.
"The state has been again requested to provide information and have been informed that this ministry (MHA) shall consider the package for West Pakistani Refugees of 1947 separately as soon as it received in this Ministry," he said.
2

TMC-BJP standoff continues in Parliament  Mamata urges opposition to unite against Modi government13
0
New Delhi: The stand off between the Trinamool Congress (TMC) and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) continued on Tuesday as West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee urged the opposition parties to unite against the Narendra Modi government in Parliament.
Banerjee said, "BJP knows Trinamool is playing the main opposition role in Delhi."
The opposition parties created uproar in the Parliament over controversial remarks by Union Minister Niranjan Jyoti at a public rally in Delhi.
Banerjee said, "BJP knows Trinamool is playing the main opposition role in Delhi."
#bjp #tmc #narendra modi #parliament
Members of the Congress, TMC, SP and other opposition parties rushed to the well leading to four adjournments in Rajya Sabha and one in Lok Sabha during pre-lunch sitting.
TMC member Derek O'Brien also attacked PM Modi and said, "Please grant a visa to the Prime Minister of India to come to the Rajya Sabha."
On Monday also, TMC MPs protested against the BJP in both the Houses of Parliament.
2

Cartoon of the day: Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti controversial remarkmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Finance Ministry expects RBI to support revival of growthFinance Ministry expects RBI to support revival of growth
PTI Dec 2, 2014, 06.20PM IST
Tags:
employment
(Finance Ministry said it…)
NEW DELHI: With RBI keeping interest rates unchanged, government today said it is looking forward to the central bank to support revival of growth and employment.
In a statement, the Finance Ministry said it was encouraging that RBI has taken note of the structural change in the outlook for inflation.
"The government looks forward to the RBI supporting the revival of growth and employment ," the statement said.
Referring to the proposed new monetary policy framework, it said in the weeks ahead, government and RBI will work towards it.
The framework would "help institutionalise the gains achieved on the inflation front, so as to reduce inflationary expectations and further support the revival of investment and growth", the ministry added.
Earlier in the day, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said talks with the government have progressed well and the details will be announced soon.
The new monetary policy framework involves setting of a formal inflation target and accountability to deliver on the same. The RBI has set the inflation target for January 2016 and beyond at 4 per cent, plus or minus 2 per cent.
In its policy review, the RBI said "if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle".
RBI today kept interest rates unchanged for fifth time in a row and the repo rate continues to be at 8 per cent while the cash reserve ratio has also been retained at 4 per cent.
Economic growth slowed to 5.3 per cent in the second quarter of current fiscal, from 5.7 per cent recorded in April-June quarter.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apology not enough  Oppn demands Jyoti s ouster for hate speechComments
Minister of state for food processing industries Niranjan Jyoti Tuesday tendered an apology in Parliament for using abusive language at an election campaign in Delhi but failed to douse the opposition fire even as the Bharatiya Janata Party Tuesday said the issue should not be stretched.
Minister of state for food processing industries Niranjan Jyoti used expletives while campaigning for the BJP in Delhi. (HT File Photo)
On Monday, Jyoti had said people of Delhi must decide if they wanted a government of Ramzaadon (followers of Ram) or a government of those who are illegitimate.
Union minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said in Rajya Sabha the government did not support Jyoti's remark, but he also asked the Opposition to "maintain decorum."
Naqvi said those in the government and the opposition should use dignified language and in the past UPA ministers too had crossed the line many times.
As Rajya Sabha session was adjourned for a third time, finance minister Arun Jaitley said Jyoti's comments were "improper and unacceptable".
He said since the minister had apologised and withdrawn her statement, "what happens outside isn't within domain of this House".
But BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra seemed to be defending her by saying it was a "slip of tongue" and the issue should not be politicised.
The saffron party also hit out at Congress, saying several of its leaders too have made objectionable remarks in the past.
"But have they ever been asked to resign? When did Congress sack them from the party? And they are called experienced leaders while Sadhvi Niranjan has become MP for the first time," UP BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpai said.
According to reports, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has asked party MPs to abstain from addressing the nation and also condemned the comments made by Jyoti.
Modi asked the MPs to avoid making uncalled for statements at the parliamentary board meeting held ahead of Parliament session on Tuesday.
Opposition demands resignation
The issue rocked both the Houses as agitated opposition MPs disrupted proceedings, seeking an explanation from the Prime Minister and demanding an apology from Jyoti, who joined the Narendra Modi's cabinet early last month.
The remarks drew the ire of Opposition which protested in Parliament following which Jyoti expressed "deep regret" and apologised for her actions saying she did not intend to hurt anyone's feelings.
"My intention was not to hurt anyone. If my speech outside the House has hurt anyone, I express my deep regrets," Jyoti said in Lok Sabha.
She said if certain words spoken by her outside the House have hurt someone, she is ready to take back her words and offer regrets. She also said she is ready to seek an apology.
The Opposition, however, refused to accept her apology and said she must resign or should be removed from her post.
Drama in House
As soon as Lok Sabha met for the day, Mallikarjun Kharge, leader of the Congress, took up the issue with Speaker Sumitra Mahajan.
Kharge said the "objectionable" language used by Jyoti had created tension at a time when there had been quite a few communal riots.
Several Congress and Trinamool Congress members, too, rushed to the Well, shouting slogans.
Both Houses saw brief adjournments over the protests, even as Mahajan cautioned all members to be mindful of their speech.
"The Prime Minister should give an explanation," Congress leader Anand Sharma said.
Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) supremo Mayawati said the minister's remarks were against the secular ethos espoused by the Constitution and do not behold a person occupying a constitutional post.
The BJP should sack her, she said.
Mayawati and CPI(M) MP Sitaram Yechury demanded that an FIR be filed against Jyoti.
The Congress alleged that Jyoti had insulted the people of Delhi and she should issue an apology while the Aam Aadmi Party said it was the BJP's real face.
"The divisive thinking and divisive politics of the BJP has been exposed," Congress leader Ambika Soni said.
Manish Sisodia of Aam Aadmi Party said, "This is the real character of BJP. Their language shows what kind of work they are doing at the Centre and what kind of work they will do for Delhi."
Members of Congress, TMC, SP and other opposition parties rushed to the Well during the uproar over her remarks leading to four adjournments in Rajya Sabha and one in Lok Sabha during pre-lunch sitting.
Later, outside Parliament, the minister was asked about demands for her resignation.
"I have apologised and I have nothing else to say," she replied.
Following the controversy, Jyoti said, "I did not take name of any particular individual, community or party. I was talking about separatist parties and leaders who think of dividing the country..."
She later clarified her statement was for those who didn't believe in Ram and unified India, adding her remarks must not be given any communal overtone.
"Those who have sold the country, made it bankrupt, people will not voter for such people. Is it a crime to talk about Ram? How can talking about Ram be communal?"
"Muslims offer namaz in mosques, we do no object. Christians pray in churches, we do not object. Then talking about Ram should not be termed as communal. And those who call me communal, I would say what could be more communal than this."
"Do you want a government of people who believe in Ram, a government that believes in people. And i would like to say one more thing, be it Hindu or a Christian in the country, he is an offspring of Ram. And those who refuse to believe this, will never believe in this country also," she said.
Jyoti is credited with helping the ruling BJP make inroads among the Dalit and backward classes in the politically crucial state of Uttar Pradesh.
She is among the six BJP MPs drafted into the party's campaign for the Delhi polls due early next year.
( With PTI inputs)

Petronet s Dahej terminal receives largest ever cargo shipPetronet's Dahej terminal receives largest ever cargo ship 
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 2:  
Petronet LNG’s Dahej LNG Terminal took its first ever delivery of shipment from a Q-Max LNG ship with a capacity of 261,000 cubic metres at its Dahej LNG Terminal.
The shipment came from Ras-Laffan in Qatar supplied by RasGas. The Dahej terminal has been set up to include a second LNG jetty and accommodate Q-Max size vessels only recently.
“We are glad to receive first Q-Max LNG vessel one of the biggest size LNG ships available today, at Dahej Terminal and expect to receive more such cargoes in the future,” said A K Balyan, Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Petronet LNG Limited.
“The delivery of the Q-Max cargo to Dahej Terminal demonstrates our flexibility in meeting our long-standing customer’s needs,” said Khalid Sultan R. Al Kuwari RasGas’ Chief Marketing and Shipping Officer.
Petronet LNG Ltd, presently operating Dahej terminal of 10 MTPA in the West Coast of India and Kochi LNG terminal of 5 MTPA capacity in the South Coast of India.
 
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

OMC shares slip after excise duty hike on petrol  dieselOMC shares slip after excise duty hike on petrol, diesel
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 2:  
Shares of state—owned oil marketing companies (OMC) fell up to 4 per cent at close today, after the government raised excise duty on petrol by Rs 2.25 per litre and by Re 1 a litre on diesel.
Bharat Petroleum Corporation fell by 4.06 per cent to close at Rs 712.90, while shares of Indian Oil Corporation fell by 2.55 per cent to Rs 351.20 on the BSE.
Shares of Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd lost 2.08 per cent to Rs 591.10.
The government today raised excise duty on petrol by Rs 2.25 per litre and by Re 1 a litre on diesel but retail pump rates will not be increased as oil firms decided to absorb the duty change for the time being.
The second excise duty hike in three weeks will help raise additional Rs 4,000 crore in four months to March as the government seeks to take advantage of a slump in world oil prices to shore up its revenues without stoking inflation.
Together with Rs 1.50 a litre excise duty hike effected from November 12, the government will mop up about Rs 10,000 crore in reminder of current fiscal that will help contain budget deficit.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Is Russia behind anti-fracking activismBy Jonathan H. Adler December 2
I enjoyed the documentary “Fracknation.” I’ve often assigned it  to my students in conjunction with “Gasland.”  The two films present wildly different perspectives on hydraulic fracturing and natural gas development and both illustrate how a documentary can be quite compelling, while also incomplete.
Much of “Fracknation” seeks to debunk claims made in “Gasland.” At this it is quite effective on many points. Other parts of the film are a bit thin.  For instance, at one point a journalist suggests that anti-fracking activism is fueled by the Russian government, which is afraid that natural gas development in Europe could reduce Russia’s influence.  Unfortunately, beyond this one interview, the film offers no support for the claim of Russian involvement.
The idea that an industrial interest would fund environmental activism to further its own economic interests is not new.   Natural gas interests funded the Sierra Club for years — to the tune of $25 million or more between 2007 and 2010 — to support the group’s “Beyond Coal” campaign . (Now the Sierra Club also seeks to go “Beyond Natural Gas.” ) Incinerator interests also funded some purportedly grass-roots activism against cement kilns, which could burn otherwise-incinerator-bound wastes as fuel.  Such funding is just one manifestation of the “Baptist and Bootlegger” coalitions that are common in environmental policy .
So it’s plausible that Russian interests would fund political activism in line with their economic interests.  But are they? Today’s New York Times reports that many believe so.  Though definitive proof is lacking, some point to the “mysteriously well-financed and well-organized” campaigns against fracking in some parts of Europe as evidence of Russian involvement.
Before stepping down in September as NATO’s secretary general, Anders Fogh Rasmussen gave voice to this alarm with remarks in London that pointed a finger at Russia and infuriated environmentalists.
“Russia, as part of their sophisticated information and disinformation operations, engaged actively with so-called nongovernmental organizations — environmental organizations working against shale gas — to maintain dependence on imported Russian gas,” Mr. Rasmussen said. He presented no proof and said the judgment was based on what NATO allies had reported. . . .
“It is crucial for Russia to keep this energy dependence. It is playing a dirty game,” said Iulian Iancu, chairman of the Romanian Parliament’s industry committee and a firm believer that Russia has had a hand in stirring opposition to shale gas exploration across Eastern Europe. He acknowledged that he had no direct evidence to support this allegation, nor for an assertion he made recently in Parliament that Gazprom had spent 82 million euros, or about $100 million, to fund anti-fracking activities across Europe.
“You have to realize how smart their secret services are,” he added. “They will never act in the spotlight.”
Given Russia’s interests, it would not be surprising if Gazprom sought to encourage anti-fracking sentiment.  We’ll see whether such claims can be substantiated.
 
Jonathan H. Adler teaches courses in constitutional, administrative, and environmental law at the Case Western University School of Law, where he is the inaugural Johan Verheij Memorial Professor of Law and Director of the Center for Business Law and Regulation.

In protest against Modis J&K rally  Syed Geelani calls for completeshutdownBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 2, 2014 7:54 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 8:02 pm
Hardline Hurriyat Conference chairman Syed Ali Shah Geelani on Tuesday called for a shutdown on December 8 to protest against the visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who will hold his first election campaign rally in the Valley.
“Geelani Tuesday called for complete shutdown on December 8 against the proposed visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to Jammu and Kashmir,” a spokesman of the Hurriyat said.
The Prime Minister is scheduled to address two election rallies in Srinagar and Anantnag towns of the Valley as part of the campaign for party candidates. Polls in these areas will be held on December 14.
Geelani has also called for a shutdown on December 9 to protest against the holding of elections in Budgam, Pulwama and Baramulla district which go to polls in the third phase.
Meanwhile, Geelani condemned the killing of sarpanch Mohammad Sultan Bhat on Sunday by unidentified gunmen and attack on another sarpanch on Monday in Shopian district.
“It is an un-Islamic, inhuman act and unjustified to kill any unarmed person without assigning any proper reason … this is an intolerable act,” he said.

17-day boys sexual organ chopped due to  family rivalry  in RajasthanComments
The private part of a 17-day-old boy was chopped off out of an alleged family rivalry in Rajasthan , which the doctors say can’t be reconstructed till the boy attains the age of 5 years.
The incident took place in Jaipur where the boy’s father alleged that the suspected family member had earlier  threatened to bring ruin upon his married life. He demanded immediate arrest of the culprit.
However, DCP Jaipur (East) Kunwar Rashtradeep said the police could not take any action before probing it cautiously as it was a sensitive issue.
The boy’s father, Akhil Jain, told HT that he came to know about the incident from his wife Parul when he was away on an official visit to Banswara on November 27. 
He said his wife was taking bath at around 7am that day when his father heard the baby cry. Both rushed to the baby’s room and found his sexual organ cut off.
They rushed the bleeding boy to a nearby hospital and later to SMS Hospital, where he was kept in the surgical ICU for two days. Later, the doctors told the family that the reconstructive surgery was not possible until the boy attained 5 years of age.
The family lodged the FIR against an unnamed family member with the police on November 28.
Dr GS Kalra, head of Plastic Surgery department of SMS Hospital, said, "The reconstructive surgery is likely to take close to five hours.  We cannot put such a small child under general anaesthesia for so long."
Sources claimed that the police too were suspecting the role of a family member, but they weren’t committing it before establishing the motive of the heinous act.

Congress-BJP gap over Insurance Bill narrows downmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Chrysler  GM Post Sales Gains in NovemberIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

CSN and Dish avoid blackout with short term extension1
At stake is CSN Chicago's slate of Bulls, Blackhawks, White Sox and Cubs games and its other sports programming, a local fan staple for 10 years. Dish has more than 342,000 subscribers in the Chicago area who would be affected by such a blackout, according to media research firm SNL Kagan.
CSN started an on-air campaign last week warning viewers of the looming blackout and trying to enlist their support in negotiations with Dish. On Monday, CSN said it had received "hundreds of thousands" of calls, emails, tweets, website visits and petitions in support of its programming.
Launched in 2004, CSN Chicago is a partnership among Comcast and the Bulls, Blackhawks, White Sox and Cubs. Comcast owns about 30 percent of the sports network and the teams control the rest. CSN Chicago has never been blacked out by a cable satellite provider.
Dish is the third-largest pay-TV provider in the U.S. behind Comcast and DirecTV. The satellite provider is engaged in similar carriage fee disputes with Turner Broadcasting and CBS, and recently reached short-term agreements with both to continue airing their programming while negotiations continue.
Positioned as a value-priced service, Dish has shown a willingness to hold the line on cable network license fees, especially when dealing with regional sports networks. In August, Dish dropped CSN New England after a series of extensions failed to resolve a carriage dispute.
As the Dish dispute with CSN Chicago took a promising turn, negotiations with CBS apparently reached an impasse. CBS issued a statement Tuesday saying that after six months of "vigorously attempting to secure fair carriage deals," there would be no more extensions, and warning that without an agreement, the network would go dark on Dish at 6 p.m. CT Thursday.
"In the last few weeks, we have granted two extensions, in the hopes that this would give both parties sufficient time to come to a resolution," the CBS statement said. "The second extension, which protected Dish subscribers' programming over the Thanksgiving holiday weekend, was the final one."
A Dish spokesman did not comment on Tuesday's ultimatum, reiterating a previous statement that said "only CBS can force a blackout of its channels," and "there is time for the two parties to reach a mutually beneficial deal."

SPARC shares jump nearly 10% on boursesSPARC shares jump nearly 10% on bourses
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 2:  
Shares of Sun Pharma Advanced Research Company surged nearly 10 per cent today after US drug regulator FDA issued a complete response letter to its new drug application for Latanoprost BAK—free eyedrops.
The company’s scrip zoomed 9.75 per cent to settle at Rs 199.25 on the BSE. During the day, it surged 14.84 per cent to Rs 208.50.
At the NSE, it gained 9.42 per cent to end the day at Rs 199.15.
In terms of volume, 12.37 lakh shares of the company changed hands at the BSE, while over 45 lakh shares were traded at the NSE during the day.
“While the FDA did not seek any additional information for supporting clinical data, it sought additional information on certain labelling and other deficiencies for processing the NDA,” SPARC said in a filing to the BSE today.
SPARC believes that this additional information request from the FDA can be addressed on priority, it said.
“A complete response letter provides a more consistent and neutral mechanism to convey that USFDA’s initial review of an application is complete and that they cannot approve the application in its present form.
“It provides a more consistent approach to informing applicants of changes that must be made before an application can be approved, with no implication regarding the ultimate approvability of the application,” said Sarabjit Kour Nangra, VP Research — Pharma, Angel Broking.
Under new regulations, USFDA’s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) no longer issues “approvable” or “not approvable” letters for a new drug application.
Instead, CDER issues a “complete response” letter at the end of the review period to let a drug company know of the agency’s decision on the application.
Latanoprost BAK-free is a preservative-free, once-a-day formulation of the glaucoma medication using Swollen Micelle Microemulsion (SMM) technology.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

NMDC pays 300% interim dividendHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
NMDC pays 300% interim dividend
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, December 2:  
NMDC has paid first Interim dividend at 300 per cent for the year 2014-15 to the Central Government.
Narendra Kothari, Chairman-cum-Managing Director of NMDC Limited handed over the first interim dividend cheque for Rs 951.58 crore for 2014-15 to Narendra Singh Tomar, Union Minister for Steel, in presence of Vishnu Deo Sai, Minister of State for Steel and other officials.
During the past three years, NMDC has paid dividend at 450 per cent of Rs 1,784.12 crore in 2011-12, 700 per cent at Rs 2,775.30 crore in 2012-13 and 850 per cent at Rs 3,370 crore during 2013-14, according to a NMDC statement.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Rooftop solar plant modules get excise duty exemptionHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Rooftop solar plant modules get excise duty exemption
 M Ramesh
Tweet
Chennai, Dec 2:  
To encourage domestic manufacturing of solar modules, the government has decided to grant excise duty exemption to modules that will go into rooftop solar plants for a minimum capacity of 100 kW. The benefits are available regardless of whether it is a “single project or a bundled project”, says a press release issued by the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy today.
The ‘excise duty exemption certificates’ will be issued by the designated officer of MNRE, the release says, giving details of the procedure to be followed to get the exemption.
India has rooftop capacity of 285 MW, spread over thousands of roofs. Most of the projects are grid-connected, and are already eligible for excise exemption.
The solar consultancy, Bridge to India, estimates that India has off-grid solar rooftop installations of 112 MW. While welcoming the exemption, Jasmeet Khurana, Senior Manager, Bridge to India, says the incentive is likely to have little impact on the market. “It might be useful for some larger off-grid projects, of which there are few. For smaller projects, it just adds a layer of paperwork with very little benefit,” Khurana said in a statement to Business Line.
 
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

India  China and others voice concern about biased negotiations for 2015 climate agreementIndia, China wary of biased negotiations for 2015 pact
Nitin Sethi | New Delhi Dec 03, 2014 12:40 AM IST
Talks at Lima in Peru opened on Monday with the Like Minded Developing Countries (LMDC), which includes India and China, making veiled criticism of the officers at the helm of United Nations (UN) climate convention running negotiations undemocratically.
The LMDC group, which continues to have the strong backing of both China and India, and includes several other developing countries, said at the opening session on Monday: “We want to see draft texts from Parties on screen, on paper, being directly negotiated by the Parties with each other through focused negotiating groups in order to narrow differences, find convergence, and achieve consensus.”
The group was referring to the ongoing practice where the UN officials, referred to as “Co-chairs of the Ad-hoc Working group on Durban Platform” have been putting up their own proposals for the 2015 agreement, drawn selectively from statements and submissions of the countries. Countries are referred to as Parties.
The LMDC group addressing the host country, which operates as the President of the talks, also said, “Mr President, we are assured that under your leadership we will not see huddles, parallel agreements by the few, extemporaneous documents unrelated to the negotiations and much less gavel biased impositions.”
Several developing countries have through much of the year demanded that the talks for the 2015 agreement should be carried out through negotiations on formal text submitted by countries and not cherry-picked by officials. Instead, the two co-chairs of the track of negotiations discussing the agreement have continued to provide their own framework drawing selectively from ideas and texts that countries provided. India, China and several other developing countries have found that the framework documents provided by the co-chairs have been biased in favour of the developed countries. The co-chairs are elected from among countries, but are required to act as neutral UN officials arbitrating and guiding the talks.
“This is inverting the idea that negotiations be carried out on the basis of consensus, as required under the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change,” said a negotiator of the LMDC group, speaking on the condition of anonymity.
Usually, the texts submitted by countries for decisions or agreements are collated even if they contradict each other in parts. Elements and parts that do not have all-round consensus are put within brackets. Through iterative rounds of negotiations between countries, the brackets are removed by finding language or ideas that are acceptable to all countries, leading to a document (in this case the Paris 2015 agreement) that has a complete agreement of all 196 countries. While it can seem a torturous process, it ensures voices and interests of less powerful countries are not smothered by the bigger players in the negotiation halls.
The debate about the process being followed by the co-chairs to stitch together the 2015 agreement is expected to come under more direct fire on Tuesday — Day-2 of the talks - multiple sources in the LMDC countries told Business Standard. “We have all had a good exchange of views through these informal means for a year now. It’s high time we started formal country-driven negotiations,” said one of the negotiators.
“We fear if the formal text-based negotiations are launched too late, it shall give some parties the excuse to parachute some secret draft decisions at the crunch hour and try to gavel it through without complete agreement. Its highly undemocratic way and we have seen this process fail earlier,” said another negotiator.
He was referring to the infamous Copenhagen Accord, which failed to pass muster in 2009 precisely because several smaller countries complained of being marginalised and the accord hammered together by select countries behind closed doors was tabled at the last moment for all to accept. The mistrust it caused led to the accord being torpedoed at the last moment. It was not approved as a formal decision of the UN that year.

JSW Energy may buy JP Power s Bina  Nigrie a...JSW Energy may buy JP Power's Bina, Nigrie assets
Nisha Poddar, ET Now Dec 2, 2014, 08.37PM IST
Tags:
Jaiprakash Associates
(As part of the deal, JSW Energy…)
Barely weeks after buying out two hydro power projects of JP Power for Rs 9700 crores, Sajjan Jindal is closing in to strike yet another large deal with Manoj Gaur's power company and this time its for its coal-based power assets. Sources with direct knowledge share that JSW Energy is close to acquiring Bina and Nigrie thermal power units of JP Power. The deal is likely to value the assets around Rs 12,000 crores.
The announcement of the acquisition of Bina and Nigrie is waiting for the government's allocation of coal block to the Nigrie project which got cancelled in the Supreme Court's verdict on coal. Sources suggest that the government is expected to allocate the mines to the Public Sector Enterprises and State government units by mid-December.
As part of the deal, JSW Energy will replace Jaiprakash Associates (JAL) from the 49:51 joint venture with Madhya Pradesh State Mining Corporation Limited ( MPSMCL ) for the coal requirements of the Nigrie power plants. Nigrie Thermal Power Project in Madhya Pradesh has a capacity of 1320 MW and is valued at over Rs 9000 crores, Bina power project of 500 MW thermal power capacity is valued around Rs 2600 cr in the transaction.
Talks between Sajjan Jindal and Manoj Gaur on the thermal power assets began even before JSW Energy closed the acquisition of the hydro power assets, taking advantage of the termination of contract between Reliance Power and JP Power.
ET NOW's mail to JSW Energy went unanswered. JP Power's spokesperson in an e-mail statement said, "There is no truth in your information. No such deal is being worked out."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Global demand for Indian Chartered Accountan...Chartered Accountants
("We want more youngsters…)
KOCHI: With India set to usher in a new era of accounting reforms with the adoption of new Indian Accounting Standards converged with International Financial Reporting Standards, the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India forsees a global demand for Indian CAs.
The new standards are to be converged with IFRS from 2015-16 on a voluntary basis and from 2016-17 mandatorily, and the ICAI was fully geared to facilitate the process in the country, its President K Raghu told reporters here.
The institute has already started a nation-wide exhaustive exercise to train members in the new standards, he said. There was huge demand for CAs in the country, he said adding there was lot of demand for chartered accountants in IT, Retail and Telecom sectors.
With Globalisation unfolding new vistas of opportunities, the ICAI has prepared Career E-kits for various countries. "We want more youngsters to choose global careers. There are lot of opportunities in countries like Singapore ," he said.
There were plans to come with a new curriculum for CAs as per industry expectations and global demands. The draft of the curriculum had been approved, he said adding it was expected to be introduced by 2016. The curriculum is renewed every 10 years.
Four new certificate courses to promote specialisation has been introduced recently to help members build new skill sets.
These include courses on 'Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR), 'Financial Markets and Securities Laws, Wealth Management and Financial Planning and 'Information Systems security'.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China opens land port in Nepal for trade wit...China opens second land port in Nepal to boost trade with South Asia
PTI Dec 2, 2014, 08.15PM IST
Tags:
Gyirong Port
(China yesterday officially…)
BEIJING: In a major boost for bilateral trade between China and Nepal , a second cross-border trading route has come into operation in Tibet, allowing the communist trading giant to expand its trade with South Asia.
China yesterday officially opened the Gyirong Port on the Rasuwagadhi border in Nepal, the second land route for bilateral trade, state-run media reported.
"It will further help both sides facilitate bilateral trade and boost tourism and cooperation," said Zhang Hongbo, Deputy Party chief of Xigaze prefecture in the Tibet autonomous region, where the port is located.
For long, the Tatopani border served as the sole trade route between China and Nepal.
"Operation of the port means a solid foundation for China to build the South Asia trading area and it will help to promote trade between China and South Asian countries in the near future," said Su Yuanming, director of the Port Administrative Office of Tibet.
Gyirong Port was built in 1962. Trade at the port began to drop off in the mid-1980s and continued to decline through 2006. Port staff were then temporarily moved.
According to the government of the Tibet autonomous region, trade between the two countries has been increasing in recent years and Khasa Port - Tibet's biggest land port - could not meet the demand.
"Since 2008, preparatory projects to expand the port have been launched, including equipping the port with inspection and supportive services, completion of Shyaphru Road, and operation of the China-Nepal Friendship Bridge," said Penpa, director of the region's Department of Commerce.
Hari Prasad Bashyal, consul general of Nepalese Consulate in Lhasa, said the operation of the port will enhance and promote trade and commerce, tourism, infrastructure, development, people-to-people exchanges and the socio-economic development of both nations.
From January to November, trade volume at Gyirong Port reached 1,600 metric tonnes with a total value of more than $4.55 million, almost double the value of the past three years combined, Phurbu Dondrub, Deputy director of Tibet's Xigaze Customs said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ask Matt: Is earnings season over yetAP
Q: Is earnings season over yet?
A: Investors might not want third-quarter earnings season to ever end – as it was great for stocks. But there’s only one week left.
There are six companies in the Standard & Poor’s 500 yet to report third-quarter profits, including alcoholic beverage bottler Brown-Forman, computer semiconductor firm Avago (AVGO) , apparel maker PVH (PVH) , grocer Kroger (KRO) , discounter Dollar General (DG) and tax preparation firm H&R Block (HRB) , says earnings tracker Estimize. H&R Block will conclude earnings season when it reports on Monday, Dec. 8. Investors feared the worst going into the third quarter.
But things turned out rather well. Companies in the S&P 500 reported 9.1% earnings growth in the third quarter, says S&P Capital IQ. Keep in mind that different earnings trackers might have slightly different results for the quarter. The materials sector delivered huge results for the period, generating quarterly growth of 20%. But there’s no rest for companies. Investors are already looking ahead to the potentially even more important fourth quarter. The fourth-quarter reports start to trickle out starting Tuesday when car seller Autozone (AZN) reports on Dec. 9. Again, it’s a situation where investors are going in not expecting much. Analysts are calling for 6.5% quarterly growth.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

http://usat.ly/1AbEf10FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Cyber Monday grows as busiest day of season
A week of cyber sales at many retailers kicked off with Cyber Monday today in what's expected to be the biggest online shopping day of the year, despite expected traffic declines
Post to Facebook
Cyber Monday grows as busiest day of season A week of cyber sales at many retailers kicked off with Cyber Monday today in what's expected to be the biggest online shopping day of the year, despite expected traffic declines Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1y4RvBN
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
14
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Cyber Monday grows as busiest day of season
Video Keywords National Retail Federation Black Friday The National Retail Federation online sales holiday shopping season
The deals may be better than ever this shopping holiday, but shoppers are less inclined to chase them. USA TODAY's Desair Brown examines this new trend. (USA NOW, USA TODAY)
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  The deals are better than ever this Cyber Monday but
00:06  where aren't the shoppers. I'm to their brown for USA now
00:10  from Monday December 1 2014. If you've already taken advantage of
00:15  early bird deals this holiday shopping season you're not lung. With
00:19  Black Friday promotions starting a week early it's begin to look
00:23  a lot like every day is Black Friday or Cyber Monday.
00:27  Shoppers are feeling less inclined to chase deals. That could explain
00:32  why fewer people shopping stores this weekend instead they used their
00:36  tablets and phones to find deals. In fact retail data shows
00:40  online sales were up on Thanksgiving. As for Cyber Monday according
00:45  to The National Retail Federation about 127. Million people are expected
00:50  to shop online today. That's down from 131. Million who planned
00:55  to shop online last year. But what he's breaking for sales
00:59  while at work Cyber Monday is still the most wonderful time
01:03  of the year for retailers online. There may be Lashoff first
01:07  but is still expected to rake in the best online sales
01:10  for the season. And if you happen to be surfing for
01:14  door busters speed got you covered on the best deals. From
01:17  soda makers to TVs thick comforter sets at USA today dot
Hadley Malcolm , USA TODAY 10:54 a.m. EST December 2, 2014
More people than ever are using mobile to browse and buy holiday purchases,  which may help retailers pushing cyber deals this week.
(Photo: Seth Wenig, AP)
212 CONNECT 214 TWEET 65 LINKEDIN 14 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Cyber Monday proved just as big a draw as ever after a weekend that saw fewer people shopping in stores.
Sales grew 8.5% for the 24-hour period, according to IBM Digital Analytics, solidifying Monday as the largest online shopping day of the year. Shoppers spent an average of  $124.21 per order, down 3.5% from last year, though the number of transactions was up and people bought more items on average per order.
Monetate, a company whose software helps major retailers including Macy's and Best Buy personalize the online shopping experience, also tracked more shopping sessions this year with about 49.3 million sessions, up 11.8% from 2013. Revenue per session increased 7% and the number of people who completed a purchase increased 8.3%.
The National Retail Federation expected a different outcome, projecting fewer shoppers would head online Monday at about 127 million vs. 131 million in 2013. Growth did slow compared to previous years: in 2013 online sales were up 20.6% vs. 2012, according to IBM data.
That may be because shoppers have more chances to get deals later this week as Cyber Monday prices continue through Saturday with some brands. With promotions spread out across November and December this year and many retailers having offered pre-Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales to spur people to shop early, those days themselves have become less important as shopping drivers.
Meanwhile, more people than ever are opting to online shop and use their phones to browse for deals. Online sales over Thanksgiving weekend were up 17% vs. last year and mobile accounted for more than half of all online traffic, according to IBM. On Monday more people shopped on desktops, though mobile still accounted for 41.2% of all online traffic, a 30.1% increase over last year, IBM says.
We've got 'em: The best Cyber Monday deals
Retailers are hopeful that online deals this week will be compelling enough to get shoppers to continue to spend. Walmart doubled the number of deals available for Cyber Monday this year and will continue to have 500 new promotions a day through Friday. Walmart reported Monday was it's biggest day of online orders ever as customers shopped for deals on the 16GB iPad mini, HDTVs, and video games, all major traffic drivers, the retailer said.
Target is billing its Cyber Week as its biggest yet, with more than 100,000 items on sale all week. Kohl's is going a day further with deals online through Saturday. Amazon is offering new deals up to every 10 minutes all week.
Those deals may entice the roughly half of consumers who still have shopping to do, says Consumer Electronics Association Chief Economist Shawn DuBravac. "I would estimate probably close to half of consumers have completed the bulk of their holiday shopping at this point," he says.
And he expects people to continue to buy leading up to Christmas. "There's still appetite as we head into the remaining few weeks of the holiday season," DuBravac says.
Fewer people expected to shop Cyber Monday
That appetite may be fed by increasing parity between online and in-store deals and the convenience of options like same-day shipping and buy online, pick up in store, all of which are making it easier for consumers to wait out the season for the best prices, says Lucinda Duncalfe, CEO of Monetate, a company that sells software to retailers to help them personalize the online shopping experience.
"You can shop online later and later and still get things by Christmas Day," she says. "What will end up happening over time is this continued flattening of the season where people are more willing to wait to see what's going to happen."
212 CONNECT 214 TWEET 65 LINKEDIN 14 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1y4RvBN
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer still on the run | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

SC permits Sahara to sell 4 properties worth over Rs. 2 700 croreSC permits Sahara to sell 4 properties worth over Rs. 2 700 crore
Paint makers slide after recent steep rallyPaint makers slide after recent steep rally
BJP targets TMC as it is playing main opposition roleBJP targets TMC as it is playing main opposition role
IRS to Publicize Taxpayers  Bill of Rightsirs to publicize taxpayers  bill of rights
Emily Heil and Helena AndrewsProducer George Stevens Jr. says he’s in discussions with another network to air the annual musical special.
Dec 15, 2014
No, seriously. So hard to tell if she’s joking.
Dec 14, 2014
The TNT special taped at the National Building Museum with performances by Aloe Blacc, Rita Ora and Hunter Hayes.
Dec 14, 2014
Aaron Sorkin’s polarizing drama finally concluded on Sunday night.
Dec 14, 2014
“That’s Joe Jonas?” was a common reaction heard around the crowd.
Dec 12, 2014
Here’s are the nominees for Hollywood’s booziest award show.
Dec 11, 2014
Here’s where you can see the announcement on Thursday morning.
Dec 11, 2014
The nominations — to be announced Thursday morning — help set the agenda for the bigger award shows.
Dec 10, 2014
CBS announced that the legendary late-night host will sign off at the end of May sweeps.
Dec 10, 2014
The Michael Keaton drama and Richard Linklater coming-of-age story swept up the most nods.
Dec 10, 2014
Load More
About
Emily Yahr is an entertainment reporter and pop culture blogger for the Style section. She joined the Post in May 2008, a week before she graduated from the University of Maryland, and worked on Lisa de Moraes' TV Column and blog . Originally from Cleveland, Emily has previously written for the Boston Globe, USA Today, Lexington (Ky.) Herald-Leader and the American Journalism Review.
Most Read

Globalising Indian management thoughtTweet
The verdant campus of IIM-K was the venue for the pan-IIM world management conference.
A world conference at IIM-K deliberates on how an Indian way of doing things can make it to global management lexicons
If one needed a tranquil spot to reflect and contemplate on weighty matters, IIM Kozhikode’s verdant campus on a hillock on the outskirts of the city would be the place to be.
All around one can see acres of palm trees with the occasional patch of green fields and tiled houses bursting through, a trail of white smoke wafting in the wind.
The sprawling campus with its long tiled-roof corridors snaking in different directions, a spanking new management development centre with a plush auditorium, was the setting then for the second pan-IIM world management conference with the unequivocal theme of ‘globalising Indian thought’.
The convention saw the directors of most of the 13 IIMs from around the country and over 200 delegates, several from overseas universities as well, descend on IIM Kozhikode’s campus to deliberate this thought in its various dimensions.
Of late, the terms for an Indian way of doing things, jugaad to frugal engineering, is being thrown into the cauldron of global management thought. Tomes have been written on jugaad, on its Indian innovation and inventiveness, and global managers like Renault-Nissan’s Carlos Ghosn have spoken glowingly of India’s frugal engineering skills.
Debashis Chatterjee, who recently stepped down after his term as director of IIM-K, and who mooted the idea of this convention, says, “Four years ago when I coined this expression, ‘globalising Indian thought’ as a potent one, there were many detractors.
"Some said, if it’s global, why should it be Indian? I said this vagueness is precisely why we had to articulate it. The power of an idea is directly proportional to its indeterminate nature and its relevance to its unfolding nature. When large numbers of people talk about an idea it gains ground and acceptance in practice. Indian thought has enough potency to attract people from all over.”
Smriti Irani, Union HRD minister, set the ball rolling when she said in her inaugural speech that Indian management practices such as jugaad, langar system, the Mumbai dabbawallas and frugal engineering ways need to be documented in a formal way and taken all over the world. “Organisations like Arvind Eye Hospital and the dabbawalas of Mumbai have blended efficiency with value in a way that is unmatched in the world. Such contemporary and grassroot level practices need to be formulated and presented to the large businesses worldwide,” she emphasised.
The convention had some global endorsement as well from Guillaume Sicard, President, Nissan India, who said: “The key word in India is synthesis – synthesis of culture, ideas, generations and knowledge. While synthesis has defined India’s culture, heritage and art for centuries, it is also defining business environment, practices and processes.”
Elaborating on Indian and Japanese business practices, Sicard said that In India, by nature everyone is emotional and instinctive. Due to this nature, there is a natural tendency to take business decisions that are not so much based on hard facts and data, but on more personal feelings and intuition.
“I would say, this is even more true when we are working in one of the fastest growing economies and volatile market conditions - where one is conditioned to act and react quickly. Japanese, on the other hand, are very analytical and process oriented. They understand situations based on facts and figures. The Japanese cannot take a decision if there is no data substantiation,” he elaborated.
However, Rishikesha Krishnan, Director, IIM Indore, and author of two books on jugaad, and innovation, struck a cautionary note when he said there are many hurdles to ‘jugaad-ic’ innovation. Jugaad, he pointed out, is based on an individual’s ingenuity and is more craft than science; it’s difficult to solve complex problems just by jugaad, and nor is it scalable. “Today, consumers are not willing to live with jugaad, they want well-engineered products yet which offer them value,” added Krishnan.
Innovation agenda
Elaborating on how Indian organisations can improve their innovation agenda, Krishnan said they have to ensure a steady pipeline of ideas, improve the velocity of idea generation, i.e. move fast on prototyping to incubation, as well as improve the average of taking innovations to the market place.
Ravi Kant, former Vice Chairman & MD of Tata Motors, spoke from his vast experience as the head of a large manufacturing organisation. “In the last 40 years, Western management techniques have done wonders for the economies of their countries. Indian management techniques have tended to follow those techniques and process orientation. But, if you look at S&P’s top 500 companies, only 75 of those companies from 40 years ago have survived. The longevity of companies has gone down. Things are not as good as perhaps it’s made out to be. So, we are standing at the crossroads; we need to look at the context in which we are operating. Strategies need to evolve from that,” he explained. Talking about the Tatas’ take over of Daewoo trucks in South Korea and Jaguar Land Rover in the UK, Ravi Kant said that workers in these plants were apprehensive that an Indian management would follow a typical Western model of reducing the work force and also take all the technology from the company back to India.
Collaborative working
The normal model is to send hundreds of people and occupy all posts in the company.
However, Tatas, except for a few Indian managers, largely retained the local workforce, empowering them as well. “A more collaborative way of working is absolutely essential in today’s context,” he added. Ravi Kant emphasised that it was important to be seen as a local company managed by local people.
Ashish Nanda, Director, IIM-A, said that research on India and its practices are evolving fast in a few streams. One is on India as an FDI destination, or an outside view in; second on ‘exotic India’, as a land of mystique and yoga; a third perspective is on the development work carried out in India, in poverty economics and bottom of the pyramid research; and lastly in areas where India has gone global, especially in areas like software and pharma.
On why research in Indian practices will speed up, Nanda says, “A growing economy, the demography of youth, a greater appreciation of knowledge creation and integration with the global economy…a consequence of this will be an explosion of India-centric research; a lot of it will happen from within India and a lot of it will be international. Very often people say that movements such as these are turning points. When people despair the most on quality of research, this is exactly the moment when it picks up”
Nanda points out that entire new areas are opening up such as entrepreneurship and frugal innovation. “There is a huge amount of energy being unleashed right now in an India-centred way of looking at innovation. There is an Indian character to it. The global environment is fertile, people are curious on what is happening in India.
“A global research perspective in Indian management couldn’t be brighter than today; five to ten years from now, we will have lots of research work,” says a gung-ho Nanda.
(This article was published on November 11, 2014)
Related

Empowering women to leadership positionsEmpowering women to leadership positions
Moorthy K Uppaluri
GIOVANNI CANCEMI/SHUTTERSTOCK.COM
Corporate India and government agencies must take cognizance of the challenges that women face at the workplace
Gender diversity at the workplace is a pertinent issue across the world, more so in India, where women are slowly holding leadership positions. Baby boomers changed the workplace demographics from homogeneity to one of diversity.
Gender diversity could be the next big trend in the evolution of the corporate workforce. The last decade has witnessed workplace diversity in both public and private sectors, with human resource leaders waking up to the realisation that this not only helps in creating an unbiased work environment, but it has also had proven business impact. A few companies in India have already demonstrated how women can be integral to their workforce by reducing the ratio between men and women. In general, the Services segment and specific sectors such as IT, Financial Services, Media, Healthcare, and Hospitality have been torchbearers in bridging the gender divide. Also, with many Indian companies going global and global companies entering India, diversity became a key trend.
However, to keep the momentum going, corporate India and the government agencies must take cognizance of the challenges that women face. A lot more needs to be done to sustain and accelerate this impact. Typically, working women in India have to balance their professional demands with various domestic needs. Crucial to improving women’s representation at the workplace is accommodating their career lifecycle and creating policies that will encourage more women entering or re-entering the workforce. Also, women entrepreneurs can benefit immensely from favourable government policies, training programmes and access to financial support and working capital.
Roadblocks
The single biggest deterrent for working women is the expectation to compromise on their career in order to fulfil family commitments. A number of women take a break in their professional life or work part-time owing to this. As a result, their career momentum is impacted and when they re-enter the workforce, they often have to contend with less pay.
Studies show that at the start of their career, women are usually offered the same pay as men but over a period of time, as they are about to reach mid-senior to senior positions, which typically coincide with their critical domestic needs, they tend to hit a glass ceiling. For example, women employees who come back after their maternity breaks find it challenging to balance their career and motherhood; this sometimes results in women having to prioritise one over another.
Preconceived notions about assigning women’s suitability for specific roles are also a challenge. Workplace harassment is another issue. Studies show that these challenges become bigger as women scale the corporate ladder.
Barriers
Other prominent barriers to women’s career advancement are lack of mentoring, networking opportunities, lack of transparency in roles and expectations, absence of a clear career path, unavailability of relevant platforms to upskill their expertise and exclusion from informal male-dominated networks.
As of today the positive impact is evident with more women leaders driving strategy and framing policy, while women entrepreneurs become role models. If government agencies and the corporate world come together, it will not be long before India witnesses an era where there is a robust entrepreneurial network among women, fostering economic growth and sustaining business traction. Studies also reveal that women in leadership roles in an organisation can make a transformational difference to its performance. An analysis of return on equity (ROE) data of top 100 Indian companies (BSE 100) by Randstad reveals that companies with women on their Boards have a positive impact on ROE.
Diversity in the Board is a business imperative. A government-mandated quota may help the cause of diversity as it provides a standard and uniform guideline. However, a quota may not help a company build depth or sustain the policy. If there is a mandatory need to fill seats, companies should be true to the intent and make appointments accordingly. Although the quota for women directors is aimed at promoting diversity, the tenacity and rigour that women professionals of display, goes to show that merit will shine through even without reservations. Building a pipeline of women at the executive level is the need of the hour, and it can be achieved over a period of time through conscious and concerted efforts of both corporates and the government.
The writer is CEO, Randstad India
(This article was published on November 18, 2014)
Related

The importance of doing the right thingThe importance of doing the right thing
Rajkamal Rao
jorgen mcleman/shutterstock.com
The ethical bar is higher than the legal one
Ethics is an area where we conveniently define higher standards for others but are hesitant to meet those standards ourselves. Talk to any individual on the street and you are likely to get agreement that corruption, at all levels, is ruining our nation’s fabric. Dig deeper and you will find the same person may have paid a bribe to a government official not long ago for a favour. 
The ethical bar is often higher than the legal bar because ethics are based on morals whereas laws are generally a compromise derived from political accommodation. In the corporate world, there’s the question of what we should do when we witness someone doing something wrong. Is the wrongdoing illegal, a violation of the employee handbook, or unethical? This issue is particularly vexing when the dishonest co-worker is actually a superior.
Hotlines
Modern companies have confidential ethics hotlines to which one can anonymously report such behaviour without fear of retribution.
When charged, most ethical violators typically respond as though they are reacting to the loss of a loved one. They first deny that it ever happened; then they express anger that they are being victimised; and when the noose is inevitable, they attempt to strike deals to get out of the mess they are in. The deal almost always includes a clause where they admit no wrongdoing although they accept other penalties. 
  Infosys case
 An example of this was headlined by IT major Infosys which has, for years, tried to cultivate a brand around ethics. But when American employee Jack Palmer complained to the Infosys hotline that he suspected some workers of illegally bringing in temporary workers from India on tourist visas, he was, as the New York Times reported, “harassed by superiors and co-workers, sidelined with no work assignment, shut out of the company’s computers and denied bonuses.” In 2013, Infosys paid a huge $34 million fine to end a federal investigation related to visa abuse. However, Infosys has denied all the charges made by Palmer and continues to maintain the same stand of no wrongdoing on the issue.  
A common ethical issue we face is duly acknowledging credit for others’ work. Plagiarism within corporate walls, not being so high-profile, is either ignored or grudgingly accepted. The plagiarist would be furious if something physical were stolen from him – such as his wallet – but he would have no qualms about shamelessly copying and pasting someone else’s creation. 
High profile plagiarism cases have trapped journalist Fareed Zakaria and US Vice-President Joe Biden. Note that there is no statute of limitations here - that is, simply because the crime occurred many years ago it is generally not excused. Last year, the German Minister of Education was stripped of her PhD earned 34 years ago because she allegedly copied parts of her thesis. The minister resigned in disgrace. 
In the world of higher education too, we see ethical transgressions every day. Some students blatantly copy others’ Statements of Purpose, changing a few details here and there hoping that they would not be caught. Busy college professors ask students to write their own recommendation letters and submit to them for final signature. And lower ranked foreign universities blatantly resort to commission-based recruiting. Do agents really act in the student’s best interest or place the student into a mismatched institution because they are motivated by commissions? 
When you confront an ethical situation at work, follow your employee handbook or ask a senior for what the corporate practice typically is. Seek a confidential appointment with your HR manager. And to handle ethical grey areas - those that are not mentioned in your employee handbook - use the Potter Stewart test (The best way to detect unethical behaviour is to use the Stewart test. Ruling in a complicated case, US Supreme Court Justice Potter Stewart once defined obscenity in simple terms, “I know it when I see it.").
If something looks wrong, look at how you were raised and ask what behaviour on your part would have made your elders proud. This may give you a good framework to proceed.
The writer, a former Director at PwC, is Managing Director of Rao Advisors LLC, a higher education consulting firm.
(This article was published on November 18, 2014)
Related

Open culture  key for todays corporatesOpen culture, key for today’s corporates
Sanjay Dhawan
As companies continue to expand their presence across the globe, dealing with different cultures and demographics, it has become more important than ever to establish and facilitate an open culture within a global organisation.
A positive corporate culture plays a powerful role in creating excellence, inspiring innovation, and delivering value.
CEOs and Chief People Officers today face numerous challenges in uniting employees across continental and cultural barriers. Creation of a positive corporate culture, especially for organisations that are growing fast, is hinged on one pivotal aspect: communication. Encouraging open dialogue across hierarchies can help a company create a collaborative working atmosphere, while excelling in terms of employee engagement and overall bottomline success. Facilitating an open culture also involves encouraging employees to bring ideas to the table on the topic.
So the question that is raised is this: what is the key to promoting an open culture? From my experience, some of the key aspects of building an open organisational culture involve the following steps:
Set the example: An organisation’s culture is defined by the behaviour of the management team. Company leaders need to be committed to lead by example, “talking the talk”, while also “walking the walk”. They have to put their words into action, thereby amplifying the core values and inspiring employees to follow.
For example, a CEO who encourages other team members to take the initiative and lead some discussions can demonstrate their interest in contrasting opinions and dedication to an open work environment.
Engage with employees: When business leaders recognise and respect each employee’s uniqueness and background, it brings to life interesting perspectives and specific expertise. Encouraging employees to play a tangible role in the organisation’s growth adds more to their sense of fulfillment, gives them a purpose, and drives involvement.
It becomes important for the leadership to invite employees to speak up and be an active part of what shapes the future of the company. Encouraging team leaders to institute “open forums”, at the end of internal meetings, can inspire team members to share ideas in a safe and constructive environment, regardless of hierarchy.
Use metrics to create transparency: To define success for an organisation, its employees must be able to map their individual activity to the organisation’s performance and profitability.
Having a clear understanding on the company’s goals, vision, innovation quotient and performance through greater transparency is crucial in enabling this.
For example, implementing a system of periodic and regular internal communication that highlights the key achievements and activities for a certain month or quarter is a valuable tool for creating transparency, especially across a large workforce.
Demonstrate your appreciation: Making employees feel valued for their contributions through rewards and recognitions is also a valuable tool to foster an open culture and good communication. Regularly recognising, encouraging and inspiring employees makes them feel valued.
When individuals know their long hours, successful completion of projects and winning attitudes are appreciated, it makes a significant difference to their ability to contribute and lead others. Never underestimate the power of a simple ‘thank you’.
Through an open culture and transparent communication, companies can lay a solid foundation for success and collaboration amongst employees from different cultural and geographical backgrounds, providing them a workplace that they would love to be a part of.
The writer is President & CEO, Symphony Teleca
(This article was published on November 18, 2014)
Related

Crude oil under pressureCrude oil under pressure
Friday, 28 Nov 2014 | 12:05  PM ET
Using the Kensho Stats Box, CNBC's Dominic Chu looks at the performance of energy sector ETFs.
SHARES
Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes
Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis
© 2014 CNBC LLC.  All Rights Reserved.

What Science Says About Being In Your 30sWhat Science Says About Being In Your 30s
Posted:
reddit
Popular culture and Internet listicles often portray the 30s as life's best years. Free from the financial and personal insecurity of the 20s and not yet approaching the midlife challenges of the 40s and 50s, the 30s are said to be the best of both freedom, and responsibility. But what does science say about being a 30-something?
Research presents a mixed picture of a decade of life marked by increasing stability as well as significant change. Some studies suggest that 35 is the "best age" and that real happiness begins at age 33. People older than 100 years in overwhelming numbers regard their 30s as being the best decade of their lives .
Still, the 30s have also been found to be a time of existential crises , ticking biological clocks , and heightened job dissatisfaction .
Here's what science has to say about the ups and downs of being a 30-something:
The beginning and end of the decade may be marked by significant life changes.
If you're going to make a major career change, move to a new city, run a marathon, or have an affair, you're most likely to do it when you're about to turn 30.
Those entering or leaving their 30s are likely to conduct a sort of "life audit" to assess meaningfulness and satisfaction. We tend to use the bookends of a decade as opportunities to evaluate our life paths, and to make changes, according to recent research. New decades tend to inspire a search for meaning, and may lead us to "imagine entering a new epoch," said the researchers , who observed the behavior of "9-ers" (those aged 29, 39, 49, etc.).
You may hit your sexual peak ...
One big thing to enjoy about being in your 30s? Great sex.
For women, a ticking biological clock may be a downside of progressing through the 30s. Perhaps because of this phenomenon, women reach a sexual peak at this time of life, according to research . Women in their 30s and early-40s are significantly more sexual than younger or older women, reporting more sexual fantasies and more actual sex. The researchers hypothesized that women experience enhanced sexual motivation and behavior as an evolutionary adaptation that would have led them to capitalize on their remaining fertility.
Whether this is the actual reason, many women in their 30s say they feel sexier and more in tune with their bodies -- and therefore enjoy a better sex life -- than they did in their 20s. At age 31, women are their most sexually confident, according to a survey reported by the Daily Mail .
... And soar to new heights in your career.
While the 20s are generally characterized by completing your education, unemployment or underemployment, choosing a career path, and working long hours to move up the ladder, the decade that follows is more about enjoying career success and financial success.
The ages of 30 to 39 can be a time of career highlights. Thirty-something women can look forward to pay growth peaking at an average age of 39, according to a Payscale.com analysis . And if you're an artist or a scientist, you'll be most likely to have your biggest creative breakthrough in your late-30s, according to a study of scientific innovators and Nobel Prize winners . A 1977 study, cited by The Atlantic , found that physics Nobel winners were an average of 36 years old when they did their prize-winning research, while chemistry prize winners were an average of 39 years old.
If you're not happy with the career path you've chosen, you're likely to feel worse about work. Some research has shown that 30-somethings are less satisfied with their jobs and more emotionally burnt out than people in their 20s and 40s.
Your personality probably won't change much.
The 20th century Harvard psychologist William James said that after age 30, the personality has "set like plaster." James believed that personality tends to stabilize with the emergence of adulthood. Some research backs up this early belief .
Our core personality characteristics are at least partially determined by genetics. But from childhood through the 20s, our personalities are evolving significantly, and these changes slow as we approach 30. While our fundamental personality traits don't change much once we hit the big 3-0, that doesn't mean we can't challenge ourselves, act out of character and grow. It's just that as our lives become stable, so does our character.
"The very big changes you see from early adolescence to early adulthood are greatly muted after 30, 35," personality psychologist Paul T. Costa told New York magazine's Science of Us . "There are still changes in personality after that, but they're very, very modest compared to earlier phases in the life span."
You might get a case of the pre-midlife blues.
Every decade has its crisis, and the 30s are no exception.
The quarter-life crisis -- as much a pop culture phenomenon as a psychological one -- is a predecessor to the midlife crisis that can strike anywhere from the mid-20s to the mid-30s. It tends to occur most often around age 30. Generally, this period of existential anxiety and questioning is triggered by feelings of being stuck in a job or relationship that isn't working.
"This leads to a feeling of being one thing outwardly, but feeling inwardly that you are someone else, which causes a discrepancy between your behavior and your inner sense of self," British psychologist Oliver Robinson told New Scientist .
This gives rise to a desire to change, finding an exit plan from the current situation, and rebuilding your life, Robinson explained. It can be a difficult process, but it's worth it in the end: 80 percent of young adults that Robinson interviewed looked back positively on their midlife crisis.
Real happiness is just beginning.
Once you've gotten the quarter-life crisis out of your system, it's time for life's real joy. A 2012 survey found that 70 percent of British people over age 40 said they weren't truly happy until age 33.
More than half of survey respondents said that life is more fun at 33, 42 percent said that they were more optimistic about the future at this age, and 38 percent said that they experienced less stress at age 33 than when they were younger.
“The age of 33 is enough time to have shaken off childhood naiveté and the wild scheming of teenaged years without losing the energy and enthusiasm of youth,” one of the study's authors, psychologist Donna Dawson, explained . “By this age innocence has been lost, but our sense of reality is mixed with a strong sense of hope, a ‘can do’ spirit, and a healthy belief in our own talents and abilities.”
According to another British survey, conducted by HuffPost UK and YouGov , we strike the best work-life balance at age 34, and achieve true contentment at age 38.
More:

Getting angels to flyAjit Balakrishnan: Getting angels to fly
Ajit Balakrishnan |  Dec 01, 2014 09:50 PM IST
Sanjay (name changed) was in his 30s when, tired of his routine desk job and tired of implementing other people's ideas, he decided to do something on his own. His lifelong passion was food, so he decided to start a restaurant. He checked around for capital, but the first thing his bank manager wanted was security. But Sanjay was not deterred: to get a place for his restaurant he struck a deal with his landlord to pay him 10 per cent of his revenue in lieu of a deposit; and to decorate and equip his restaurant, he borrowed from local moneylenders - for every Rs 100 they gave him he had to pay back Rs 110 a month. Sanjay, like all entrepreneurs, was unfazed - his restaurant would be a sureshot success. Once started, his restaurant pulled in people, but the business was not big enough to cover the interest and loan on his borrowings. So a year later, in search of higher revenue, he borrowed more money and started another restaurant, this one in the continental style. The flavours of food at his restaurants were so unique that crowds flocked to his restaurant; I know, I tried getting in once and couldn't get a place. But Sanjay soon discovered that the more he grew his business, the more he had to borrow, and the more he borrowed the more elusive became the surplus from which he could repay his loans. Meanwhile, every evening, muscular, tall and silent men would appear to claim their share. In desperation he persuaded his aged parents to pledge his ancestral property to a bank and got enough money to pay off some of the loan sharks, but now he had one more set of instalments to repay. Finally, the inevitable happened: the bank took possession of his ancestral home, evicting his aged parents who were living there, At this point, Sanjay had a massive heart attack and died, leaving behind his wife and two young children to face the world.
Probably everyone in India has a story like this to recount. In fact, such stories of "failed" entrepreneurs and auctioned-off homes are such a feature of Indian life that parents caution their children never to do foolhardy things like starting businesses; better to seek safe white-collar jobs in government or in large established companies.
Sanjay's is not an unusual case and his struggle is inherent in the entrepreneurial process. Businesses start out as a quirky notion in an entrepreneur's head and work their way through the risky stages of bringing the notion to life as a product or a service, finding the initial customers, learning to do things at scale and so on. At every one of these stages more than two-thirds fail. So from the outside it is easy to see these failed attempts as wild-eyed schemes of impractical people. Yet without these "failures", the one-third who succeed would not happen.
The scale of capital that a typical start-up needs in India is in the order of magnitude of Rs 50 lakh to Rs 1 crore with the important proviso that this can't be interest-bearing. It has to be risk capital with the entrepreneur keeping a majority control for him to still think of the enterprise as "his own" and to keep him incentivised to put his full creativity and energy. The capital is, in countries where such entrepreneurial activity flourish, usually provided by three to five external investors ( called "angel investors") chipping in, say, Rs 20 lakh each. Such "angels" are typically company executives, well-to-do professionals or retired entrepreneurs who bring not only money but connections that open doors for the youthful entrepreneurs and offer him tips. But to enable such investors you need a corporate form that both limits their liability to the amount they have put and give them tax set-offs for early stage losses or if the business fails, as most will.
In the United States, where entrepreneurial action is massive, this is accomplished through an organisational form called a limited liability company (LLC). The LLCs, unlike regular corporations, have very light reporting requirements, the liability of its investor members is limited to the amount of capital they have put in, they do not have to pay corporate tax, and most importantly, their losses are passed through to their members' individual tax returns.
In India, after much wrangling lasting years, the formation of limited liability partnerships (LLPs) was authorised in 2009, but Indian LLPs are taxed at the corporate level exactly like partnership firms and private limited companies are; nor are the Limited Liability Partners allowed to set off losses on the LLPs against their income. What could have been a good idea to trigger angel investments has come to nought because of these tax and legal provisions.
The larger moral in Sanjay's tragic tale is that most jobs in an economy - and this is true even more in India than in other countries - are created by new small businesses. And if our economy has to grow at a fast enough rate to create enough jobs for the 10 million or so young people who come into the job market every year, we need an economic system that will provide adequate capital to entrepreneurs like Sanjay. And the only way to make it happen is by getting Indian angels to fly.
Ajit Balakrishnan is the author of The Wave Rider, A Chronicle of the Information Age
ajitb@rediffmail.com

Do not panic about the NRF Black Friday spending reportBy Sarah Halzack December 1 Follow @sarahhalzack
Robyn Paulson and son Brett Reed shop at Kmart on Black Friday in Roseburg, Ore. (AP Photos/The News-Review, Michael Sullivan)
The National Retail Federation released some gloomy findings on Sunday about the start of the holiday shopping season: Total projected sales tumbled 11 percent to $50.9 billion during the long weekend compared with $57.4 billion last year, and a smaller share of consumers reported hitting the stores or shopping online.
Your knee-jerk reaction to these numbers may be to fear that retailers are not in for much Christmas cheer this year.  But here are four reasons why it’s too early to jump to that conclusion.
Analysts say the drop in sales likely reflects that holiday shopping is happening over a longer period, rather than that people are spending less overall. As we reported over the holiday weekend, Black Friday promotions have not only bled into Thanksgiving, they have spread out over the entire month of November . So by the time Black Thursday and Black Friday rolled around, plenty of shoppers had likely already pounced on Black Friday-worthy deals and didn’t feel the need to shop.  “We’re just seeing a shifting of sales,” said Frank Badillo, chief economist for Kantar Retail. “In the end, its a zero-sum game overall.”
NRF has not adjusted its outlook for the entire holiday season. The NRF is sticking with its forecast of 4.1 percent sales growth for the full holiday season.  Why? Because the industry group still believes that low gas prices and stronger economic fundamentals are going to boost spending over the next several weeks.  Also, historical data show that the results of Black Friday weekend have little correlation with how sales stack up for the holiday season overall, so it would be imprudent to read too much into what happened over the four-day weekend.
This chart from Jim O’Sullivan, chief U.S. economist at High Frequency Economics, captures this well :
Chart by High Frequency Economics.
 
“It’s not to say that NRF is necessarily wrong,” O’Sullivan said. “It just hasn’t been a very reliable indicator over time.”
NRF’s findings about online shopping are not consistent with other data released this weekend.  NRF found spending online was nearly flat this year, a discouraging signal for retailers who plowed millions into improving their e-commerce experiences this holiday season.  But plenty of other recent data tells a different story. IBM’s real-time tracking index of digital shopping found that online sales on Thanksgiving were up 14.3 percent compared with 2013, while Black Friday online sales were up 9.5 percent.  Online sales were up 17 percent on Saturday and Sunday, IBM said. Adobe found that consumers spent record amounts online Thursday and Friday — $1.3 billion on Thanksgiving and $2.4 billion the following day.  Adobe’s findings are based on an analysis of more than 350 million visits to 4,500 retail Web sites.
 
Wal-Mart, meanwhile, says that Thanksgiving Day, Black Friday and Saturday represented its all-time highest three-day stretch in online traffic and orders.  Target reported that its offer of free shipping on all purchases through December 20th  “continues to drive record breaking online sales.”  And Visa reports that e-commerce sales from its U.S. account holders were up 17 percent on Thanksgiving compared to last year.  On Black Friday, Visa account holders spent 18 percent more.
NRF’s data is based on a survey, not store receipts.  Think fast:  How much did you spend in total on Christmas gifts this weekend? And how much of that was online versus in-store?  I don’t know about you, but I’m having a hard time calling up a precise number. And shoppers’ memory of that data point is crucial to NRF’s report.  NRF’s data comes from a survey of 4,631 shoppers conducted on Nov. 28 and 29.  But there’s an inherent squishy-ness to relying on consumers’ own reporting of their spending over the holiday weekend.  (Barry Ritholtz has a helpful column on BloombergView  that delves more deeply into this issue.)  For truly concrete data, we’ll have to wait until the Commerce Department releases its monthly retail sales report and retailers report their earnings reports for the fourth quarter.
 

An Economic Agenda for America: 12 Steps Forwardreddit
The American people must make a fundamental decision.  Do we continue the 40-year decline of our middle class and the growing gap between the very rich and everyone else, or do we fight for a progressive economic agenda that creates jobs, raises wages, protects the environment and provides health care for all?  Are we prepared to take on the enormous economic and political power of the billionaire class, or do we continue to slide into economic and political oligarchy? These are the most important questions of our time, and how we answer them will determine the future of our country.
The long-term deterioration of the middle class, accelerated by the Wall Street crash of 2008, has not been pretty.  Today, we have more wealth and income inequality than any major country on earth. We have one of the highest childhood poverty rates and we are the only country in the industrialized world which does not guarantee health care for all. We once led the world in terms of the percentage of our people who graduated college, but we are now in 12th place.  Our infrastructure, once the envy of the world, is collapsing.
Real unemployment today is not 5.8 percent, it is 11.5 percent if we include those who have given up looking for work or who are working part time when they want to work full time. Youth unemployment is 18.6 percent and African-American youth unemployment is 32.6 percent.
Today, millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages.  In inflation-adjusted dollars, the median male worker earned $783 less last year than he made 41 years ago.  The median woman worker made $1,337 less last year than she earned in 2007.  Since 1999, the median middle-class family has seen its income go down by almost $5,000 after adjusting for inflation, now earning less than it did 25 years ago.
The American people must demand that Congress and the White House start protecting the interests of working families, not just wealthy campaign contributors.  We need federal legislation to put the unemployed back to work, to raise wages and make certain that all Americans have the health care and education they need for healthy and productive lives.
As Vermont's senator, here are 12 initiatives that I will be fighting for which can restore America's middle class.
1.  We need a major investment to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure: roads, bridges, water systems, waste water plants, airports, railroads and schools. It has been estimated that the cost of the Bush-Cheney Iraq War, a war we should never have waged, will total $3 trillion by the time the last veteran receives needed care.  A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent paying jobs and make this country more efficient and productive.  We need to invest in infrastructure, not more war.
2. The United States must lead the world in reversing climate change and make certain that this planet is habitable for our children and grandchildren.  We must transform our energy system away from fossil fuels and into energy efficiency and sustainable energies.  Millions of homes and buildings need to be weatherized, our transportation system needs to be energy efficient and we need to greatly accelerate the progress we are already seeing in wind, solar, geothermal, biomass and other forms of sustainable energy.  Transforming our energy system will not only protect the environment, it will create good paying jobs.
3.  We need to develop new economic models to increase job creation and productivity.  Instead of giving huge tax breaks to corporations which ship our jobs to China and other low-wage countries, we need to provide assistance to workers who want to purchase their own businesses by establishing worker-owned cooperatives.  Study after study shows that when workers have an ownership stake in the businesses they work for, productivity goes up, absenteeism goes down and employees are much more satisfied with their jobs.
4.  Union workers who are able to collectively bargain for higher wages and benefits earn substantially more than non-union workers.  Today, corporate opposition to union organizing makes it extremely difficult for workers to join a union.  We need legislation which makes it clear that when a majority of workers sign cards in support of a union, they can form a union.
5.  The current federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour is a starvation wage.  We need to raise the minimum wage to a living wage.  No one in this country who works 40 hours a week should live in poverty.
6.  Women workers today earn 78 percent of what their male counterparts make.  We need pay equity in our country  --  equal pay for equal work.
7.  Since 2001 we have lost more than 60,000 factories in this country, and more than 4.9 million decent-paying manufacturing jobs.  We must end our disastrous trade policies (NAFTA, CAFTA, PNTR with China, etc.) which enable corporate America to shut down plants in this country and move to China and other low-wage countries.  We need to end the race to the bottom and develop trade policies which demand that American corporations create jobs here, and not abroad.
8.  In today's highly competitive global economy, millions of Americans are unable to afford the higher education they need in order to get good-paying jobs.  Further, with both parents now often at work, most working-class families can't locate the high-quality and affordable child care they need for their kids.  Quality education in America, from child care to higher education, must be affordable for all.  Without a high-quality and affordable educational system, we will be unable to compete globally and our standard of living will continue to decline.
9.  The function of banking is to facilitate the flow of capital into productive and job-creating activities.  Financial institutions cannot be an island unto themselves, standing as huge profit centers outside of the real economy.  Today, six huge Wall Street financial institutions have assets equivalent to 61 percent of our gross domestic product - over $9.8 trillion.  These institutions underwrite more than half the mortgages in this country and more than two-thirds of the credit cards.  The greed, recklessness and illegal behavior of major Wall Street firms plunged this country into the worst financial crisis since the 1930s.  They are too powerful to be reformed.  They must be broken up.
10.  The United States must join the rest of the industrialized world and recognize that health care is a right of all, and not a privilege.  Despite the fact that more than 40 million Americans have no health insurance, we spend almost twice as much per capita on health care as any other nation.  We need to establish a Medicare-for-all, single-payer system.
11.  Millions of seniors live in poverty and we have the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major country.  We must strengthen the social safety net, not weaken it.  Instead of cutting Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid and nutrition programs, we should be expanding these programs.
12.  At a time of massive wealth and income inequality, we need a progressive tax system in this country which is based on ability to pay.  It is not acceptable that major profitable corporations have paid nothing in federal income taxes, and that corporate CEOs in this country often enjoy an effective tax rate which is lower than their secretaries.  It is absurd that we lose over $100 billion a year in revenue because corporations and the wealthy stash their cash in offshore tax havens around the world.  The time is long overdue for real tax reform.
Follow Sen. Bernie Sanders on Twitter: www.twitter.com/SenSanders
More:

Government Slashes Import Tariff Value on Gold  SilverYou are here: Home Industries
Government Slashes Import Tariff Value on Gold, Silver
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 01, 2014 23:41 (IST)
Ford India to Recall 20,752 EcoSport Units
New Delhi: Following global price trends, the government on Monday reduced import tariff value on gold to $388 per 10 grams and on silver to $540 per kg.
The tariff value on imported gold was at $401 per 10 grams and silver at $575 per kg for the last fortnight of November.
The import tariff value is the base price at which customs duty is determined to prevent under-invoicing. It is revised on a fortnightly basis taking into account global prices.
The increase in tariff value on imported gold has been notified by the Central Board of Excise and Customs, an official statement said.
Globally, gold in Singapore, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell 2.1 per cent to $1,142.88 an ounce, the lowest level since November 7, and silver nosedived over 8 per cent to $14.42 an ounce, the lowest since August 2009.
In the domestic market, gold prices declined by Rs 200 to Rs 26,200 per 10 grams in the national capital. Similarly, in line with overall weak trends, silver extended its slide and recorded a steep fall of Rs 1,080 to Rs 34,300 per kg on reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Easing restrictions on gold imports, the Reserve Bank of India on Friday had scrapped the '80:20' scheme, a move which the industry believes will bring down prices of the precious metal.
Under the 80:20 norm, put in place in August 2013 to curb high gold inflows widening the current account deficit, at least 20 per cent of the imported gold had to be mandatorily exported before bringing in new lots.
Gold imports jumped 280 per cent to $4.17 billion in October, as per the latest trade data. In-bound shipments touched 95 tonnes in September this year as against 12 tonnes a year ago.
Story first published on: December 01, 2014 23:19 (IST)

West Virginia Shootingwest virginia shooting
Dr. Phils Family  Weight Loss  And Youreddit
My whole family has always struggled with weight. I, too, am predisposed to obesity, but I'm the only person in my family who is not obese. The reason I'm a healthy weight for me and in decent shape is because I believe I deserve good health, longevity, daily activity and a positive body image. I also believe that my wife, kids and grandkids deserve to have me around for at least a few more decades. We have in life what we believe we deserve, so that's the crux of how I've created a different result in my life than many of my family members. Of course it also takes work -- you've probably heard me say that winners do things losers don't -- but first and foremost, you've got to believe you deserve it.
So here's my question for you: Do you believe you deserve to slim down and live a healthy, active life? In your heart of hearts, do you think you're worthy of real results?
The weight loss journey begins -- and much of the battle is won -- when you believe you deserve that end game and can see the finish line with clarity. (Hey, I'm an athlete so I guess I can't help the sports analogies.) Can you envision what life will be like when your clothes finally fit comfortably? How will it feel when you chase after the kids in the park without getting breathless? What it will be like when you look in the mirror and actually like what you see? Are you motivated to be healthy? Take a moment right now to think about your answers, because once you've got what I call "20/20 foresight," then you have a better chance of following that vision all the way to reality with the tools I'm about to give you in my new book,   The 20/20 Diet: 20 Key Foods To Help You Succeed Where Other Diets Fail .
If you've failed before, I'm not surprised. (There's a reason the book title mentions that other diets fail!) Americans throw away over $60 billion a year on weight loss products, many of which are pure gimmicks or what I call "get-thin-quick diet mirages" that are too good to be true. But here's some good news: We can actually learn from your past because the mistakes you've made over the years hold the clues to getting it right this time -- once and for all. If you've been obsessing about your weight and compulsively dieting for years, it's time to stop the insanity.
My own nephew was approaching 500 pounds when he said to me about a year ago:
"Uncle Phil, I'm dying a slow death here. I am a recluse. I have no life. I'm not living; I'm merely existing. I am a grown man, yet I have no social life, I haven't been on a date in years, and I'm ashamed of myself every time I look in the mirror. I hide in shame and I am so lonely and discouraged that my days feel a week long. I go out late at night to get fast food and come back and eat it alone. It's pathetic. I have to make my last stand right now or I know I will be dead in months. I can barely breathe. I am afraid, I am really afraid. I am to the point where I would rather be dead than live this way. I am ready to change this, really ready. Please help me, and I promise I will not disappoint you or myself."
I mention my nephew not because he used the tools in my new book, (he actually went to an inpatient facility), but because he's an example of someone who was truly ready to make a change. If you're sick and tired of the diet roller coaster you've probably been on for decades, your time has come, too.
I waited over a decade since I published  The Ultimate Weight Solution to release The 20/20 Diet because only recently did research and theories emerge that I'm excited about, and that led me to come up with the 20 foods that are at the core of the diet. Tomorrow on my show, I'll reveal the reasons other diets fail (like the fact that they leave you starving so you rebel -- duh!), why this one is designed so that you'll never be hungry. Listen, my plan takes work -- if it didn't, it would be too good to be true -- but it is manageable, easy to follow, inexpensive, and entirely doable.
I hope you had a wonderful Thanksgiving. If the holiday season is your excuse to keep indulging and rationalize that now's not the right time for you to feel your best, then clearly you're not ready. (Though you should know my plan does allow for reasonable splurges.)  If, however, you believe this is your moment in time to reach for your weight loss and overall health goals, then let's get started. On my show tomorrow, you'll meet several women I'm sure you can relate to as they get incredibly candid about their weight loss struggles, and I reveal parts of The 20/20 Diet that you can immediately start incorporating into your life. Plus, all week long here on   HuffingtonPost/DrPhil I'll be sharing strategies for what you can do cognitively, behaviorally, environmentally, socially and nutritionally to create the results that you believe you deserve. You do believe it, right?
Let's do this right, and let's do it together.
Follow Dr. Phil McGraw on Twitter: www.twitter.com/drphil
More:

New York Takes One Step Closer to a World Without AIDSreddit
Thirty years ago, New York was the epicenter of the AIDS crisis.
The emergence of this deadly, mysterious disease tested us like never before. In many ways, we as a society failed that test.
Patients were turned away from overcrowded hospitals. Schools refused to admit children with HIV.
The silence was deafening. And the consequences were devastating.
Fortunately, staying silent isn't something New Yorkers are very good at.
Thirty years later we are in a very different place. Science has advanced. The stigma has diminished. The rate of infection has slowed.
New York has stepped up and led.
Over the past decade we've reduced the number of new HIV cases in our state by 40 percent.
We've ended HIV transmission from blood products.
We've nearly ended transmissions from mother to child.
Earlier this year we raised the bar. I committed New York to becoming the first state in the nation to end the AIDS epidemic once and for all.
Both our goal and our means are unprecedented.
We have a plan to reduce the number of infections by 75 percent in the next six years. Currently about 3,000 new people in New York State are infected every year. Our plan is to bring that number down to 750 a year -- below epidemic levels for the first time.
How?
First, we will expand HIV testing across the board and connect New Yorkers who are undiagnosed with the care they need.
Second, we will expand treatment of those with HIV so they can lead long and productive lives with little risk of transmitting the disease to others.
Third, we will provide New Yorkers who are most at risk of contracting HIV with access to pre-exposure treatment before they are infected. This is an important new weapon in our arsenal against HIV.
We have the tools. We have the knowledge. Now all we need is the political will.
Like our victories against past epidemics, ending the scourge of AIDS will take hard work and dedication. We need all New Yorkers to join in this effort.
Follow Andrew M. Cuomo on Twitter: www.twitter.com/NYGovCuomo
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations

Psst: Girl Scout cookies have always been available online  if you knew where to lookBy Caitlin Dewey December 1 Follow @caitlindewey
Girl Scouts from the Texas Council sell cookies in Dallas. (Matt Slocum/AP)
Today, the Girl Scouts of America finally decided to squash a secondary market that has profited — in sweet, unrivaled obscurity! — since basically the dawn of the Internet.
In a news release Monday morning, the Girl Scouts announced a new program called Digital Cookie , which will basically let scouts sell their wares online for the first time. In doing so, the Girl Scouts say, they’ll be teaching young women important tech and entrepreneurial skills. They’ll also be putting a number of savvy cookie-sellers out of business — which is good news for consumers, frankly, since the prices demanded by sellers on sites like Amazon and eBay approach highway robbery.
At least half a dozen resellers operate Amazon stores under legit-sounding names like “Girl Scouts” and “Little Brownie Baker,” one of the Girl Scouts’ suppliers, peddling their ill-gotten Thin Mints and Do-Si-Dos for as much as $40 per box. Some seem to sell pretty well, despite the steep markup: Second-hand Thin Mints are, as of this writing, Amazon’s sixth most-popular chocolate cookie , beating out Chips Ahoy! and several varieties of Oreo.
(Amazon)
On Craigslist, sellers everywhere from Denver to New Jersey have posted boxes for pick-up — though they mostly seem to be rule-bending moms, selling for their daughters on the down-low, or newly legalized pot dealers. (“Girl Scout Cookies” is a strain of marijuana. Who knew!)
Meanwhile, on eBay, a seller going by the name Sell-Il — based in Israel, of all places — is currently selling boxes of Savannah Smiles for $16.34 apiece, and Trefoils for $27.41 . (That works out to 76 cents a cookie, and Trefoils aren’t all that good.) Another eBay seller, this one based in Brooklyn, has listed her Samoas and Tagalogs for a more reasonable $4 a box, plus $6 shipping.
“Cookies expired September 2014,” she wrote, “but we all know they would survive a nuclear war.”
(eBay)
This secondary market has not, needless to say, been popular with Girl Scout loyalists; per long-standing Girl Scout policy, selling online — even if you are a Girl Scout, posting on behalf of your troop — is against the rules .
“As a mother and [troupe] leader I am disgusted every time I log onto the Internet and find people breaking the rules,” one woman wrote in an eBay guide that’s been viewed over 13,000 times. “This violates everything Girl Scouting stands for.”
She has a point: The cookies are a fundraiser, and proceeds from their sale goes to whatever Girl Scout council organized it. But also … this is 2014. Amazon was founded 20 years ago! eBay has existed longer than even the most senior Girl Scouts! Online shopping is a mind-meltingly gigantic industry, a fact that should be particularly glaring today — it’s Cyber Monday, and consumers are expected to spend $2.5 billion today alone . If anything, the Girl Scouts should have done this half a decade ago — for the sake of their own sales, if not out of bigger social concerns.
“If you buy Girl Scout Cookies online this year, you could be helping to prepare the next female leader of a global tech giant who changes our world forever,” cheered Girl Scouts’ CEO Anna Maria Chavez.
Of course, if the Girl Scouts were reallyyy interested in business savvy, they might have encouraged girls to sell online sooner, even without an official system in place … and they might have noticed that, economically speaking , they could charge a heck of a lot more money for those Thin Mints.
Alas, there is no Girl Scout badge in economics. Which, when you think about it, kind of figures.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Apple stock deletes $22.6B in one dayApple stock deletes $22.6B in one day!
By: Matt Krantz December 1, 2014 12:05 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Getty
Apple (AAPL) stock was supposed to completely destroy every retailer in its path this holiday season. But Apple is the one getting crushed Monday.
Shares of the gadget maker Monday closed down $3.86, or 3.3%, to $115.07. That might not sound like much of a decline, but when you’re talking about a stock worth upwards of $700 billion, it’s enormous. Investors lost $22.6 billion in stock value in one day.
The big drop in Apple’s value comes amid talk that the company might be the first to reach the $1 trillion valuation . Apple bulls think the stock can only go higher and that the laws of competition won’t apply, allowing the company to continue to charge $650 or more for smartphones even as competition heats up and new models of phones are increasingly comparable to the last.
It’s hard to decide why the stock is acting so badly during a time that all the bulls say it’s rocking. Here are three possible theories:
1. Cooling off after a meltup. Apple is the stock that everyone wants to talk about and own. There’s been such a pile on into the shares that the stock is up more than 40% this year — an enormous move for a stock this size. Given the magnitude of the move higher, it’s only natural to expect a decline.
2. Blasting past analysts targets. Apple’s stock is moving so fast that analysts’ 18-month targets keep melting away. Last week, the 18-month price target on Apple’s stock was $118 a share — creating an invisible ceiling for the stock. Analysts have since pushed their targets up higher to $120.31, says S&P Capital IQ, but the $118 level is still burned into some investors’ minds as a possible ceiling.
APPLE KEEPS BLOWING PAST ANALYSTS 18-MONTH PRICE TARGETS
Date

Congress says it is a U-turn governmentnational politics
Lists 25 ‘reversals,’ alleges ‘doublespeak’ on foreign policy
The Congress accused the Modi government on Monday of averaging one “U-turn” a week in the six months it has been in power.
Calling it a “U-turn government,” the Congress came out with a compilation of turnarounds on 25 promises made by the Bharatiya Janata Party in the run-up to the Lok Sabha election.
Responding to the Congress charge, Parliamentary Affairs Minister M. Venkaiah Naidu said: “The main fallacy of the Congress allegation is that they want our government to do everything we talked of. If that be the case, what about the failed promises of the Congress after ruling the country for 60 years? Our government will deliver on all fronts that have been promised. We will only do all the right things.”
Releasing the booklet, Congress communications in-charge Ajay Maken clarified that “flagging issues on which the BJP leadership had changed its position after coming to power does not mean we are endorsing their earlier stance on these issues.”
Apart from the government’s volte-face on black money, the Congress list of 25 “U-turns” alleges “double-speak” on foreign policy.
Referring to Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s repeated criticism of the UPA government for not securing the country from intrusions, the Congress pointed out that 1,000 Chinese troops had been camping in Indian territory during Chinese President Xi Jinping’s recent visit.
“After having publicly trashed the Aadhaar scheme, the BJP is now promoting it for the same reasons that the Congress introduced it,” Mr. Maken said.

China s next phase of financial deepening needs policies that encourage innovationAndrew Sheng & Xiao Geng: China's next phase of financial deepening needs policies that encourage innovation
Andrew Sheng & Xiao Geng |  Dec 01, 2014 09:44 PM IST
The People's Bank of China (PBOC) has reduced official interest rates for the first time in more than two years, cutting the one-year lending rate by 0.4 percentage points, to 5.6 per cent, and the one-year deposit rate by 0.25 percentage points, to 2.75 per cent. The net interest margin - the spread between what banks pay for deposits and what they charge for loans - has, thus, narrowed by 0.15 percentage points, to 2.85 per cent. The decision, taken after more modest attempts at monetary easing failed to increase bank lending and private-sector borrowing, reflects a renewed focus on boosting economic growth.
The PBOC's move also highlights declining inflationary pressures. China's producer price index has been falling for 32 months, reflecting excess capacity and weak external demand, while the consumer price index has declined from 3.2 per cent to 1.6 per cent over the last 12 months. Moreover, the housing price index for 70 major Chinese cities has dropped from 9.6 per cent in January to -2.6 per cent last month. With the price of oil and commodities also dropping, the risks of deflation and a growth slowdown far outweigh the threat of inflation.
Policymakers and financial regulators lately have been seeking to reduce funding costs for businesses, which have been piling on risky debt in recent years, as insufficient access to official loans has pushed them to the shadow banking system. In this sense, the interest-rate cut provides welcome relief.
But addressing debt risk in China - where social financing (a broad measure of credit, covering official and shadow bank lending and equity) rose from 130 per cent of gross domestic product (GDP) to 207 per cent early this year - is far from straightforward. Indeed China's macroeconomic structure and policies complicate matters considerably.
The first problem is the fragmentation and distortion of the price of capital. As it stands, there are considerable disparities between the one-year fixed deposit rate (three per cent); the official lending rate (six to eight per cent) reserved for state-owned enterprises (SOEs), large corporations and mortgages; and the market lending rate (10-20 per cent) paid by private business and local-government projects that rely on shadow banking.
This segmented credit market means that monetary policy works very differently in China than in the advanced economies. In particular, the private sector - especially small and medium-size enterprises (SMEs), which are most often driven to the shadow banking sector - would benefit more from credit relaxation than from a cut in official interest rates.
The second complication stems from the structural imbalance between the banking sector (or the debt market) and the stock market. In 2008-2013, total equity financing from domestic stock markets accounted for only three per cent of total social financing, most of which was allocated to the SOEs and large corporations.
In fact, fears that new stock issues would depress equity prices were so strong that policymakers closed the market for initial public offerings for more than a year, beginning in 2012. Because the non-bank asset-management industry remains small relative to the banking sector, there are limited funds available to inject equity to enable corporate borrowers, especially the SMEs, to deleverage, despite high domestic savings.
The third problem concerns China's growth model. Waning external demand has undermined the capacity of China's old manufacturing- and export-based growth model to sustain extremely high growth rates. But the ongoing shift toward services- and consumption-led growth is boosting demand for liquidity, while the accompanying creative destruction is generating considerable uncertainty.
In other words, financial deepening in China is not simply a matter of addressing financial repression. In order to enable the corporate sector to manage the transition to a modern knowledge-based economy, China must also rebalance the financial system by carrying out a shift from bank and short-term funding toward equity and long-term bonds.
China is ready to initiate this rebalancing. With shadow banks' lending rates running as high as 20 per cent annually, interest rates in the private credit market are already liberalised, with many SMEs able to cope.
Moreover, though the price-earnings ratio on China's main boards remain low relative to the advanced economies, the ratio of Shenzhen's SMEs and ChiNext boards for smaller and newer companies exceed 30 and 50 respectively. Clearly, China's retail investors have the risk appetite to participate in the SMEs.
It is time for China's leaders to encourage a structural shift, by channeling domestic savings toward long-term projects with high social returns. This should occur, first and foremost, through pension and insurance funds, which in China amount to less than three per cent the size of the banking system, compared to more than 60 per cent in the advanced economies.
Meanwhile, increased equity would advance corporate-sector deleveraging, helping to cushion the financial system against shocks and delivering higher real returns to savers. As it stands, China has only 2,500 domestically listed companies, compared with more than 5,000 in the United States and 8,000 in India.
At the same time, inefficient, wasteful and incompetent companies - especially those that are generating high levels of pollution, depleting natural resources and creating excess capacity - should be encouraged to exit the market, with modern and innovative companies taking their place. As Alibaba, Tencent and other rising technology giants demonstrate, China is moving rapidly toward e-commerce and e-finance. But these companies are listed outside of China and are unavailable to domestic investors.
If the real sector cannot deliver high returns to investors, there is no value creation. Given this, China's leaders should focus not only on channeling funding toward innovative industries; they must also ramp up their efforts to weed out excess capacity and energy-inefficient activity in the state-owned sector. And they must initiate a similar process to weed out inefficient borrowers from the banking (and shadow banking) system.
Financial deepening is a market process. But it must be underpinned by a regulatory and policy framework that encourages risk-taking and innovation.
Andrew Sheng is Distinguished Fellow of the Fung Global Institute and a member of the UNEP Advisory Council on Sustainable Finance. Xiao Geng is Director of Research at the Fung Global Institute
Copyright: Project Syndicate, 2014

YEAR IN REVIEW (Part I): From Richmond to rich men  the 2014 Headline Blues [ILLUSTRATED]By Michael Cavna December 1 Follow @comicriffs
OFTEN IN the larger Washington region, such as with the federal corruption case against former Virginia governor Bob McDonnell and wife Maureen, all politics is local, if not sometimes loco. Even when fatal decisions first emerge as systemic symptoms elsewhere, such as “the tragic failings” involving veterans’ healthcare , the scandals of course ripple with ramifications and investigations back in the capital.
The news can be from as far away as Russia’s borders — whether it’s about the whereabouts of Snowden or Sochi’s snow — and somehow, much of the world still looks to how Washington will navigate the geopolitical slalom.
Today, in the first of two parts, Comic Riffs looks back at the headlines of 2014 — through the particular prism of Washington  – in the form of an extended editorial cartoon, as well as at the Ferguson case. So here, in the spiky satirical spirit of a certain circa-’60s protest troubadour, is “2014 Headline Blues”:
 

Video Shows Fatal Attack On German Student Who Defended Teenage GirlsVideo Shows Fatal Attack On Tugce Albayrak In Germany
 |  By                                                                      KIRSTEN GRIESHABER
reddit
Mourners gather outside the Sana clinic to commemorate Tugce Albayrak on her 23rd birthday, November 28, 2014 in Offenbach, Germany.  (Photo by Mehmet Kaman/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images)
BERLIN (AP) — Tugce Albayrak's dreams of becoming a high-school teacher came to a brutal end one weekend night last month. The young woman of Turkish descent stepped in to protect two teenage girls from harassment at a McDonald's in central Germany, enraging the girls' tormenters.
One of the men allegedly hit the university student in the head in the restaurant's parking lot. She crumbled to the ground. After two weeks in a coma, her parents took her off life support on her 23rd birthday, ending a short life of promise and courage.
The attack has triggered an outpouring of emotion from a nation that been has been grappling with the integration of immigrants in recent years. People of all backgrounds and ages across Germany have held candlelight vigils, holding heart-shaped balloons, red roses and photos of Albayrak. Hundreds of thousands have signed an online petition demanding she be posthumously awarded a national medal of honor.
German President Joachim Gauck paid tribute to Albayrak as a "role model."
"Where other people looked away," Gauck wrote in a weekend letter to Albayrak's family, "Tugce showed exemplary bravery and civil courage and stood up for victims of violence."
A surveillance video, published online by Germany's top-selling Bild newspaper on Monday, for the first time showed details of the fatal attack on Albayrak at 4 a.m. in the town of Offenbach. It shows an apparently enraged man being held back by another young man as he struggles to reach Albayrak.
The poor quality of the nighttime video makes it difficult to make much out. But the man appears to break free and then hit Albayrak on the head. She falls to the ground and stops moving.
An 18-year-old identified only as Sanel M. is in custody over the attack, said Offenbach police spokesman Ingbert Zacharias. He said the Serbian teenager has "been the focus of several police investigations in the past, also in connection with an assault causing bodily harm."
Offenbach prosecutors' spokesman Axel Kreutz told The Associated Press that when Sanel M. was picked up shortly after the attack and appeared before a judge, he admitted that he "smacked the victim in the head." Subsequently, however, he has made no other statements and Krautz said he was not authorized to give out the names of his lawyers.
Police are investigating what led to the assault, and Zacharias said police are still looking for witnesses. The two girls who suffered harassment reported to police over the weekend and have both given statements, Kreutz said. He refused to give any other details about them. Police had previously said they were believed to be between 13 and 16-years-old.
German media have widely reported that Albayrak came to the defense of the two girls as they were being harassed inside the women's bathroom in the restaurant — a popular late-night hangout. Pictures of the woman with long black hair and dark eyes have been all over television, social media and newspapers in the two weeks since the Nov. 15 attack.
The story has also been closely followed in Turkey, where national newspaper Turkiye on Monday published a story about her with the headline: "Thank you Tugce, we love you."
Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Bulent Arinc paid tribute to Albayrak after a weekly Cabinet meeting on Monday.
"I wish to God that our daughter Tugce rests in peace," Arinc said. "She showed great heroism and made a place in the hearts of the German public."
Thousands of people gathered in Offenbach over the weekend to place candles in front of the hospital where Albayrak died. Similar vigils were held in bigger cities like Berlin and Munich.
Albayrak is expected to be buried on Wednesday if authorities are finished with her autopsy by then, police said. The family has said a public funeral service will be held by an imam and relatives will then carry her body to the cemetery. "I painfully miss my daughter and her smile," her father Ali told Bild.
Albayrak was a student at Justus-Liebig University in Giessen and wanted to become a high school teacher. On Facebook, she had posted a profile picture of herself in front of a colorfully painted classroom blackboard. Underneath the picture of the smiling petite woman, friends have posted comments in both German and Turkish begging Albayrak to wake up from her coma.
"One day you will stand in front of a black board again and hopefully have your own class in front of you," one friend posted two days after the attack.
On Sunday, the same friend wrote: "Now you are an angel and you will be with us forever."
_____
David Rising in Berlin and Suzan Fraser in Ankara contributed to this report.
Also on HuffPost:

Lending  deposit rates unlikely to change  say bankersBanks unlikely to change lending, deposit rates after RBI policy review
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 21:25 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Interest rates, both for deposit and lending, are likely to remain steady as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday kept the key rate unchanged at its monetary policy review .
State Bank of India (SBI) Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya said, "Interest rates are likely to remain unchanged."
Echoing similar views Yes Bank CEO and Managing Director Rana Kapoor said, "Base rate and benchmark prime lending rate are unlikely to see any downward revision at the moment. It can happen only after policy rate moderates."
However, Kapoor said, there could be some adjustment in interest rate of long tenure deposits of over 3 years.
Some banks have done this and some more could do it based on their asset liability position, Kapoor said, adding that a few more banks can make changes in the coming days as system has ample liquidity.
According to United Bank of India Executive Director Deepak Narang, margins of banks are already under pressure due to high NPA level. "So, I don't see a cut in the interest rate at the moment," he said.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan on Tuesday kept interest rate unchanged in his fifth bi-monthly policy review, saying that a shift in stance is 'premature' but hinted that a cut may come in early 2015 if inflation continues to ease and government acts on the fiscal side.
Accordingly, the repo rate is unchanged at 8 per cent while the cash reserve ratio continues to be at 4 per cent despite Wholesale Price Index-based (WPI) inflation falling to a 5-year low of 1.77 per cent in October.
The low inflation is not because of structural changes in the domestic economy but due to fall in international prices of crude oil, which has slumped to a historical low, said Shashwat Sharma, Partner - Financial services, KPMG India.
"Therefore, we understand and appreciate the RBI's stance on no cut in interest rates and look forward to structural changes by the government in the domestic economy," Sharma added.
However, the central bank has clearly opened the window for rate cuts to begin in the next monetary policy review in February 2015 or possibly earlier, Kapoor said.
"I see space for monetary accommodation to the tune of close to 100 basis point cut over the course of next 12 months in 2015-16," he added.

Sun Pharma Advanced Research Surges; US Drug Regulator Seeks More InformationYou are here: Home Market
Sun Pharma Advanced Research Surges; USFDA Seeks More Information
Reuters | Updated On: December 02, 2014 12:13 (IST)
Shares in Sun Pharma Advanced Research Company surged nearly 13 per cent on Tuesday heading towards its biggest daily gain since April.
The company has got a complete response letter from US drug regulator for anti-Glaucoma drug application.
Glaucoma products sales in US was at $2 billion, company said in an investor update in February.
The company said additional information request from the US Food and Drug Administration can be addressed on priority.
A complete response letter informs companies that an application cannot be approved by USFDA in its present form.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

SFIO probed 17 firms for corporate frauds in FY15: JaitleySFIO probed 17 firms for corporate frauds in FY15 so far, says Arun Jaitley
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 16:51 IST
Corporate Affairs Minister Arun Jaitley (Photo: Reuters)
As many as 17 firms have been probed by the government's investigation arm the Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO) for corporate frauds in the current financial year so far, the Parliament was informed by Corporate Affairs Minister Arun Jaitley.
With this, a total of 81 companies have been probed for corporate frauds by SFIO since 2011-12.
SFIO investigated 20 companies in 2011-12 and 22 firms each in 2012-13 and 2013-14 for alleged corporate frauds, Jaitley said in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha on Tuesday.
The government "has taken a number of measures to curb and prevent corporate frauds" like making fraud a substantive offence and providing statutory status to SFIO, under the new companies law, Jaitley said.
Stricter norms of corporate governance under the Companies Act 2013 as well as increasing application of technology for early detection of frauds through data analysis surveillance and usage of forensic tool are among the other steps taken by the government to prevent fraud by companies, the minister said.
To a separate query related to the Institute of Corporate Affairs (IICA), Jaitley said that the institute had been given Rs 110 crore in the 12th Five Year Plan (2012-17), while it had been allocated Rs 211 crore under the 11th year plan.
Further, Jaitley said "since its establishment as a society in September, 2008, the institute has taken many steps to fulfil its mandate".
"The institute has emerged as an important institute for conducting various courses, seminars, workshops etc on issues of relevance to the corporate sector such as corporate social responsibility, corporate governance , role of company directors, independent directors, competition issues etc," Jaitley said, among other things.
"Officials and other stakeholders, both in private as well as public sector, banks investors etc have benefited from these programmes," he added.
The minister also said that IICA had signed 4 memorandums of understanding (MoUs) with foreign institutions like George Washington University Law school USA. It has also entered into 27 MoUs with reputed domestic institutions.
"The MoUs are meant to furthering the aims and objectives of the IICA to achieve its role as holistic think-tank, capacity building, service delivery and training institute by deriving advantages of synergies from partner institutions," Jaitley said.
IICA had been established as a think-tank, action research, capacity building institute to serve as a platform for value-adding partnerships between the government, the corporate entities and other stakeholders.

Recruitment via social networking sites on rise: SurveyDec 02, 2014, 04.11 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Recruitment via social networking sites on rise: Survey
As per a survey on 'recruitment trends' by professional networking site LinkedIn, nearly 44 per cent recruiters used the social and professional networks for hiring quality talent in 2014 compared to 36 percent in the previous year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Recruitment via social networking sites on rise: Survey
As per a survey on 'recruitment trends' by professional networking site LinkedIn, nearly 44 per cent recruiters used the social and professional networks for hiring quality talent in 2014 compared to 36 percent in the previous year.
Post your opinion here
 
Social and professional networking platforms are increasingly emerging as a source for hiring the right talent as well as more number of candidates by recruiters in the country, says a recent survey.
As per a survey on 'recruitment trends' by professional networking site LinkedIn, nearly 44 per cent recruiters used the social and professional networks for hiring quality talent in 2014 compared to 36 percent in the previous year.
Besides, 65 per cent accessed these platforms for recruiting more candidates this year, as compared to 50 percent in 2013.
"Recruiters are relying increasingly on professional networking platforms to attract and engage quality candidates, as business growth demands quality talent to be acquired
quickly," LinkedIn India Director (Talent Solutions) Irfan Abdulla said.
LinkedIn survey covered over 4,125 talent acquisition leaders globally, including 300 in India across 14 industries.
The survey which also looks into recruitment trends for 2015 ranked India at the third place globally in terms of hiring passive candidates (who are currently not actively seeking a new job).
With 69 per cent companies recruiting passive talent in India, the country was behind China (83 per cent) and United States (72 per cent) on the parameter.
"As talent leaders in India are also increasingly targeting 'passive' talent or quality candidates who are not actively seeking their next job, recruiters need to devise a more intelligent hiring strategy to stay ahead of this trend," Abdulla said.
Further, the survey findings showed that at 86 per cent, Indian companies ranked fifth in recruiting students and young professionals.
Interestingly, 88 per cent of large Indian companies and 84 per cent of small Indian companies recruit students and young professionals in India, the survey said.
A majority (79 per cent) of Indian talent acquisition leaders surveyed also said that employer brand had a significant impact on their ability to hire great talent.
"How a recruiter shapes and influences a candidate's perception of the organisation as a place to work is a major task for any talent organisation or HR function," Abdulla said.
"In fact, more and more brands in India are using social professional networks to spread their employer story and build a strong employer brand," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Dubai: the statelet start-up© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/64181910-73c9-11e4-82a6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cyber Week Unveils New Deals for Great BuysIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

US Home Prices Accelerated in OctoberIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Earnings  reforms will be next drivers for market: ExpertsEarnings  reforms will be next drivers for market: Experts
GMB to ink two agreements for developing maritime cluster in GujaratWritten by Avinash Nair | Ahmedabad |
Posted: December 2, 2014 7:01 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 7:36 pm
In order to emulate ports like Rotterdam, Singapore and Hongkong, the Gujarat Maritime Board (GMB) — the nodal agency for port and port-related developments in Gujarat — will seeking help from two foreign agencies from Norway and Dubai.
“We will be signing two co-operation agreements with Maritime Forum of Norway and Institute of Chartered Ship Brokers, Dubai branch, at an event on December 12. These agreements are meant to help us develop a maritime cluster in the state, similar to the ones that exists at Rotterdam, Singapore and Hongkong. A formal proposal for the development of this cluster has also been sent to chief minister Anandi Patel,” said an official of the Gujarat Maritime Board (GMB).
The maritime cluster will develop the “soft infrastructure” needed for the ports in Gujarat. For instance, the cluster will house shipping related business activities like shipping agents, chartering agents, freight forwarders, maritime lawyers, ship financing agencies and other services. “At present, all these services are being given to ports of Gujarat by agencies who are either based in cities like Mumbai and Chennai in India or at overseas locations like Dubai, Singapore and Colombo,” the official remarked.
“This cluster is not capital intensive and can be set up in a few multi-storied buildings as it exists in Dubai,” the official added. The agreements are expected to signed between GMB and the foreign partners at an “international conference and consultative meet” on Maritime Clusters that is being hosted by the GMB at Ahmedabad on December 12.
The event is being organised to involve industry, leading maritime cluster organisations and experts in the state’s upcoming maritime cluster. Union Minister for Shipping, Nitin Gadkari has been invited for the event which is also see experts from Japan, Norway, London, Singapore and others share their experiences on the subject.

Cleveland cop said he had no choice but to shoot 12-year old Tamir Rice  father saysBy Abby Phillip December 2 Follow @abbydphillip
Editor's note: This video contains graphic content. The family of Tamir Rice, the 12-year-old boy who was shot and killed by police while carrying a BB gun in a Cleveland park, authorized the release of surveillance footage showing the incident. (Cleveland Police)
Before rookie cop Timothy Loehmann, 26, became yet another symbol of the tensions between law enforcement and the black community, he was an eager graduate of the City of Cleveland’s police academy in March.
He was tired of the sleepy policing of the suburban district in Independence, Ohio, where he had worked since 2012. He reveled in his new assignment in one of Cleveland’s most violent communities, the Fourth District.
“He loved the action,” his father, Fred Loehmann, told the local news organization.
On Nov. 22, Loehmann’s life took a sharp turn. Responding with his partner to a 911 call about a man pointing a gun at people in a park, he arrived at the scene and shot 12-year old Tamir Rice. Tamir had been playing with an Airsoft replica of a semi-automatic weapon. He died the following day.
The replica pistol was missing the orange safety cap that signaled that it was fake, authorities said. 
This undated photo provided by the family’s attorney shows Tamir Rice. Rice, 12, was fatally shot by police in Cleveland after brandishing what turned out to be a replica gun. (AP Photo/Courtesy Richardson & Kucharski Co., L.P.A.)
The protests sparked by the incident were fueled by surveillance footage released days later  showing Loehmann arriving on the scene, exiting a still-moving patrol car, and shooting Tamir within seconds.
In the interview, Fred Loehmann said that his son had no way of knowing the gun was fake or that Tamir was 12 years old. Recordings show that one of the officers described Tamir to dispatchers as possibly 20 years old, the news group said.
“‘I was right there and he went for the gun,’” the father recalled Tim Loehmann saying, according to the Northeast Ohio Media Group. “‘I had no choice.’”
Policing was a part of Tim Loehmann’s upbringing. His father, Fred, was an officer with the New York Police Department for two decades. And in his policing days, Fred Loehmann told the Northeast Ohio Media Group, he was once faced with a similar choice:
While on patrol in Harlem in 1972, he came upon a man suspected in an armed robbery. The man turned around, extended his arm and silver flashed from his palm. Fred Loehmann cocked his service weapon, but held his fire.
“I just felt like he wasn’t going to shoot me,” Loehmann said. “If it would have been a real gun, I’d be dead.”
The gun turned out to be a Derringer cigarette lighter, fashioned to look like a handgun.
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

Shiv Sena set to join BJP govt  may get 12 seats in CabinetHi Guest
Shiv Sena set to join BJP govt, may get 12 seats in Cabinet
BJP sticks to to its guns, rejects Sena's demand for deputy CM's post and home ministry Sanjay Jog | Mumbai December 3, 2014 Last Updated at 00:45 IST Related News Shiv Sena set to join BJP govt, may get 12 seats in Cabinet Shiv Sena not in hurry to join ...

FinMin expects RBI to support growth revivalFinMin expects RBI to support growth revival
SC permits Sahara group to sell 4 properties worth over Rs 2700 croreSC permits Sahara group to sell 4 properties worth over Rs 2700 crore
Unchanged repo rates: Mixed reaction from financial marketsUnchanged repo rates: Mixed reaction from financial markets
BJP targets TMC as it is playing main opposition role: MamataBJP targets TMC as it is playing main opposition role: Mamata
Rupee ends strong at 61.89Tweet
December 02:  
The rupee rose 13 paise against the dollar to 61.89 from the previous close of 62.02 as the RBI kept interest rates unchanged. The RBI said it could cut the benchmark rates early next year provided inflationary pressures do not reappear and the Centre controls the fiscal deficit. Suresh Nair, Director Admisi Forex, said, “The rupee appreciated against the US currency in line with its Asian peers, as the dollar weakened overnight against currencies. Sentiments were also supported as investors remained optimistic that the RBI would cut interest rates early next year.” Intra-day, the domestic unit touched a high of 61.86 and a low of 62.02.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Idco spends Rs 72 cr on Infovalley projectIdco spends Rs 72 cr on Infovalley project
BS Reporter | Bhubaneswar Dec 02, 2014 08:32 PM IST
The Odisha Industrial Infrastructure Development Corporation (Idco) has spent Rs 71.62 crore towards land acquisition and infrastructure development on the Infovalley project being developed on the city’s outskirts to draw investors in IT and electronics hardware sectors.
“The total expenditure incurred by Idco for the Infovalley project by the end of October is Rs 71.62 crore (Rs 41.32 crore towards land acquisition and Rs 30.30 crore for infrastructure development). The Infovalley project is now ready for entrepreneurs and will be functional soon,” state IT minister Pranab Prakash Das informed the state assembly through a written reply.
Idco is the co-developer for the Infovalley project spread over 600 acres of land. Infovalley includes 262 acres IT SEZ (Special Economic Zone), 215 acres ESDM park (Electronics System Design & Manufacturing), 113 acres green space and 54 acres of business park.
IT major Infosys Technologies, the anchor tenant for the project has been alloted 50.91 acres within the SEZ notified area of Infocity. Initially, the Infosys software development centre, its second in the city, would have a headcount of 1,000.
The IT major has lined up an investment of Rs 400 crore for this centre in two phases. Singapore based Jurong Consultants has been roped in by Idco to prepare the master plan that is in its last leg. Infovalley project is projected to generate direct and indirect employment for 600,000 people.
The project is slated to generate Rs 1,500 crore revenue in the first three years. An electronics manufacturing cluster (EMC) would also come up at Infovalley. The EMC would house over 100 electronics manufacturing units. The project would be developed at an estimated cost of Rs 209.64 crore with Rs 96.96 crore contribution from the Centre.
The cluster is expected to draw investment to the tune of Rs 979 crore including that of establishment of individual units, machinery and park infrastructure and would generate around 10,000 to 12,000 jobs, both skilled and semi-skilled.

Wall Street rises  but oil continues to weighEnergy rally boosts Wall St. despite global growth woes
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
CVS Health
U.S. stocks rose in a volatile Tuesday session as energy shares rallied and investors bet the Federal Reserve will be cautious in removing support in the face of a more fragile global economy.
Futures had crumbled in early trading as the ruble neared 80 per U.S. dollar, down 21 percent. The Russian currency sharply pared its losses and was down about 3 percent, near 68 per dollar.
8
Brent crude fell as much as 4.2 percent but was last down 1.2 percent at $60.36 a barrel. U.S. crude, which fell as much as 4.1 percent, was recently up 0.2 percent at $56.04 a barrel after gaining as much as 2.2 percent.
Energy shares, up 2.9 percent, were the largest gainers on the S&P 500.
"There were many, many stocks, especially in the energy sector that were just trading at absolutely ridiculous prices to their fair market valuation," said Paul Mendelsohn, chief investment strategist at Windham Financial Services in Charlotte, Vermont.
cComments
This article has scant reference to the biggest story on the international scene today, the free fall of the Russian Rouble now at 79 to the dollar, up from the 30s just a short time ago. BBC said today, "Russia's rouble went into free-fall in Tuesday trading, falling repeatedly to...
Kasha11
131
"That is really what started the rally, when investors really started to come into the energy stocks."
Chevron, up 2.6 percent, was leading the points advance in the sector. Chevron's forward price-to-earnings ratio was at 13.6 at the close on Monday, compared to the S&P 500's 16.1, meaning investors pay less for every dollar of Chevron's earnings than they do for the S&P 500 overall.
Among the top percentage gainers, Nabors Industries, up 7.6 percent, had a forward P/E of 8.6, while Denbury Resources' P/E was 8.9. Denbury rose 8.4 percent.
The 43 components of the S&P 500 energy sector were in positive territory.
At 12:57 p.m. EST (1757 GMT) the Dow Jones industrial average rose 118.86 points, or 0.69 percent, to 17,299.7, the S&P 500 gained 12.12 points, or 0.61 percent, to 2,001.75 and the Nasdaq Composite added 11.51 points, or 0.25 percent, to 4,616.67.
Market participants also said bets on the Federal Reserve's next move were giving stocks support. Fed officials will decide this week whether to make a critical change to their policy statement that would widen the door for interest rate hikes next year. In October, The Fed repeated that benchmark rates were unlikely to rise for a "considerable time."
"Perhaps markets think the Fed will not be as on-schedule on taking out that language," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial in Newark, New Jersey.
She said the market is betting the Fed will give consideration to rapidly changing financial conditions. A Fed statement and news conference are expected on Wednesday.
CVS Health Corp, rose 3.8 percent to $94.14 after a strong 2015 forecast. 3M lifted its dividend and was the top points gainer on the Dow industrials with a 2.2 percent advance.
Boeing, up 2.4 percent at $124.95, was among the best performers after it raised its dividend and perked up its buyback program.
NYSE advancing issues outnumbered decliners 2,018 to 996, for a 2.03-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,714 issues rose and 945 fell for a 1.81-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 was posting 10 new 52-week highs and 39 lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 22 new highs and 154 lows.
(Additional reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak; editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

Sebi bars two Kolkata-based firms from raising fundsSebi bars two Kolkata-based firms from raising funds
J&K records 71% polling in 2nd phaseJ&K records 71% polling in 2nd phase
PTI
Tweet
Srinagar/Jammu, Dec 2:  
In a rerun of record polling in the first phase, a 71 per cent voter turnout was registered in the second phase of incident—free Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir today as the electorate in the 18 seats again ignored boycott call by separatist groups.
Election commission officials said the figure could go up by one to two per cent once the final tally is available.
Dealing a serious blow to separatist politics, enthusiastic voters stood in serpentine queues at several polling stations waiting for their turn.
The first phase of the five—phase polls for 15 seats on November 25 had witnessed a record 71.28 per cent polling.
“The latest figure that we have for the second phase of polls in Jammu and Kashmir is 71 per cent. We expect these numbers to go up by 1—2 per cent further,” Deputy Election Commissioner Vinod Zutshi told reporters in Delhi.
Zutshi said that during the entire phase today, where 18 assembly seats in five districts went to polls, “no untoward incident” took place and the entire event was peaceful. Of the five districts, two were in the Valley and three in Jammu.
“There was no incident that vitiated the poll process in the state during this phase,” he said, adding that “pretty heavy” voting was reported in Reasi and Udhampur districts.
Today’s poll percentage, the Deputy EC said, is higher than the figure of 61.04 per cent polling during the 2014 Lok Sabha polls and 68.79 per cent recorded during the 2008 Assembly elections.
The corresponding figures for voting today in the 5 districts stood at Reasi (80 per cent), Udhampur (76 per cent), Poonch (75 per cent), Kupwara (68 per cent) and Kulgam (above 60 per cent).
He said the weather was “very supportive” during the polls today and there was no snowfall.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Tata Motors gets big Sumo Gold order from Police  othersHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Tata Motors gets big Sumo Gold order from Police, others
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 2:  
Tata Motors has bagged a major order of 1,542 units of its entry level sports utility vehicle Tata Sumo Gold from Police and other law enforcement agencies.
These orders have been received over a period of two months and the deliveries would commence soon, Tata Motors said in a statement.
Tata Motors has been associated with the country’s defence and security forces from 1958 and has supplied over 1,00,000 vehicles to the Indian military and Paramilitary forces so far.
It also exports its range of specialised defence vehicles to the SAARC, ASEAN and African regions, it added.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Apex court permits Sahara to sell properties worth over Rs 2700 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Apex court permits Sahara to sell properties worth over Rs 2700 cr
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 2:  
The Supreme Court today permitted the Sahara Group to proceed with the sale of four domestic properties, which is likely to fetch Rs 2,710 crore, in its bid to raise Rs 10,000 crore for the release of its jailed chief Subrato Roy.
The court allowed the group to sell properties in Jodhpur, Pune, Chauma in Gurgaon and Vasai in Mumbai after it was satisfied that the transactions were in accordance with its June 4 order.
This order had stated that “such sales are not for a price lower than the estimated value indicated in the statement filed before this Court or the circle rates fixed for the area in which such properties are situated“.
A bench headed by Justice T S Thakur was told that the transactions for these properties would be completed by May 2015 and in the meantime, the purchasers would deposit post—dated cheques in the name of SEBI—Sahara refund account with undertakings that those would be honoured on due dates.
The bench, also comprising justices A R Dave and A K Sikri, was informed that the group has already generated Rs 184.5 crore as part payment for its assets in Jodhpur, Chauma and Vasai and following which it was allowed to hand over three demand drafts and one cheque to SEBI’s counsel.
Regarding the sale of Pune property which would fetch Rs 550 crore, Sahara group through senior advocates Rajiv Dhawan and S Ganesh said that the agreement was not signed due to unavoidable circumstances and in the near future, the deal will be through and it is expected to get Rs 50 crore as initial part payment.
Accepting the proposal, the bench permitted it to go ahead with the proposed deal and deposit Rs 50 crore with SEBI—Sahara refund account.
Out of the list of nine domestic properties, Sahara has already sold its Ahmedabad property and has raised Rs 411.82 crores which has gone into the account of SEBI.
However, Sahara Group would have to wait for getting clearance for raising ‘junior loan’ of $650 million (approx. Rs 3,600 crore) as a part of the scheme to overcome the liability with Bank of China which had lent money to it in purchasing stakes in three overseas hotels, Dream Downtown and The Plaza in New York and Grosvenor House in London.
SEBI’s counsel Arvind Dattar and senior advocate Shekhar Naphade, who is assisting the court as amicus curiae in the matter, submitted that certain terms of transactions were not clear like the issue of escrow agent and the liability which is likely to rise for the Sahara.
The bench asked the Sahara Group to provide all information sought by the amicus and the market regulator within a week and posted the matter for further hearing on December 17.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Three militants killed in encounter with army in KupwaraBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 2, 2014 8:47 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 8:52 pm
Three militants were killed on Tuesday as army troops foiled an infiltration bid along the Line of Control (LoC) in poll-bound Kupwara district of north Kashmir, a defence spokesman said.
Army troops guarding the LoC noticed a group of militants attempting to infiltrate from across the border in Nowgam sector of Handwara early Tuesday, the spokesman said.
The militants opened heavy fire when challenged by the troops, triggering a gunbattle, he said.
Three unidentified militants were killed in the encounter, the spokesman said, adding further details are awaited as the operation was still going on.
The infiltration attempt coincided with the second-phase of polling in Jammu and Kashmir wherein a total of 18 Assembly seats, including five in Kupwara district, went to polls on Tuesday.
Last week, four militants were killed when an encounter broke out between the ultras and security forces in Arnia sector of Jammu region close to Indo-Pak border on November 27.
During the terror attack, in all 12 people were killed including five civilians and three army personnel.

Kerala High Court quashes FIR against Swiss nationalWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: December 2, 2014 8:25 pm
Kerala high court on Tuesday quashed the case registered against Swiss national Jonathan Baud, who had been arrested by Kerala police suspecting him to be a Maoist. He had attended a public meeting held to commemorate a suspected Maoist leader.
The high court flayed the approach of Kerala police, which several times failed to explain before the court about the alleged crime committed by the Swiss youth. Police had arrested him alleging that he had violated visa conditions and framed an offence under section 14(b) of the foreigners act.
The bench of Judge P Ubaid, which quashed the FIR, observed that the police had abused the process of law. He was a radical neither in India nor abroad, said the court.
A Left sympathizer and student of International Economic History at Paul Bairoch Institute of Economic History in Geneva, Baud fell into the hands of Kerala police, who identified a Maoist in the foreigner.
Baud and his friend Valerie were on tourist visa in India since July 1. While in Kozhikode on July 25, he saw a newspaper report about the commemorative meeting held for Maoist leader Sinoj at his native place Thriprayar in Thrissur. He went to Thriprayar and attended the meeting on July 28.
As the presence of a foreigner created curiosity in the meeting, he introduced himself. Post-meeting, he was arrested by police, who suspected him to be a Maoist. He was grilled by IB and state intelligence officials.
As police couldn’t establish Maoist links, Baud was charged under Section 14 (b) of the Foreigners Act, which pertains to any act in violation of the conditions of the valid visa issued for entry and stay in India.
Baud’s professors at Geneva University rushed letters to Kerala saying he is a genuine research scholar, who had shown interest in social movements there as well. His thesis guide Prof Mathieu Leimgruber said, “As a student representative of the faculty of social sciences, Baud had participated in a very committed way in several committees and governing bodies of the University of Geneva.” But, that did not help the youth to prove his innocence.
He has remanded in judicial custody, but was released on bail after 12 days. Later, he moved the high court, seeking an order to quash the case registered against him. As the hearings got protracted, his tourist visa had expired on September 16.
When the prosecution stuck to the stand that the youth had violated visa conditions by addressing the gathering, the court watched the video of his address. After going through the Malayalam translation of his speech, the court had observed that there was nothing objectionable in the speech that demands framing of the offence under section 14 (b) of the foreigners act.
Baud’s counsel P Raveendranath said the police could not still pinpoint the offence against him. The police had earlier told the court that Baud had made a 15-minute speech at the meeting. After watching the video, it was clear that his address confined to mere self-introduction. There was nothing incriminating in the case continued…

BJP targetting TMC as it is playing main opposition role: Mamata BanerjeeBy: Press Trust of India | Siliguri (wb) |
Posted: December 2, 2014 8:03 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 8:07 pm
Two days after BJP national president Amit Shah launched a vicious attack against the Trinamool Congress in Kolkata, TMC chief Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday hit back, saying the saffron party was targeting her party because it was playing the role of main Opposition in Delhi.
“Today Trinamool Congress is playing the role of main opposition in Delhi. That is why they are targeting us. Those in power in Delhi know Trinamool is their main opponent. But they cannot sweep us away with brooms,” She told a party workers’ meeting Siliguri.
The West Bengal chief minister called upon opposition parties to forge unity against the Narendra Modi government which, she alleged, “was trying to sell out the country”.
“They only make grand speeches. There is a limit to fooling people. The Centre is cheating people. They are diluting the 100 day’s rural guarantee scheme,” Banerjee said.
“Soon after coming to power the BJP hiked FDI in Railways, Defence. The reduction of prices of fuel in India is not at par with the reduction of prices in global market.”
“They are out to sell out the country,” she said adding, “I heard that the Centre has hiked the excise duty on petrol and diesel again. They deregulated prices of fuel.”
“I urge the opposition parties to unite against this government in Parliament. We will remain behind them. Let the government be strong and the Opposition be strong”, she said.
Banerjee ridiculed Shah’s challenge to uproot the TMC regime, saying a “party which cannot manage Delhi is trying to capture Bengal”.
“Who are they to tell us to go to Bangladesh? What do they know about the history and heritage of Bengal? You manage Delhi first. You eat Delhi’s laddoo first. One who eats Delhi’s ladoo repents and one who does not eat Delhi ladoo repents, she said.
She also targeted Tripura Chief Minister Manik Sarkar for inviting Narendra Modi to address his cabinet colleagues in Agartala, saying, “The CPI(M) has invited BJP to Tripura… CPI(M)-BJP bhai bhai. One is chhota bhai, the other bada bhai”.

In protest against Modis J&K rally  Syed Geelani calls for complete shutdownBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 2, 2014 7:54 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 8:02 pm
Hardline Hurriyat Conference chairman Syed Ali Shah Geelani on Tuesday called for a shutdown on December 8 to protest against the visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who will hold his first election campaign rally in the Valley.
“Geelani Tuesday called for complete shutdown on December 8 against the proposed visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to Jammu and Kashmir,” a spokesman of the Hurriyat said.
The Prime Minister is scheduled to address two election rallies in Srinagar and Anantnag towns of the Valley as part of the campaign for party candidates. Polls in these areas will be held on December 14.
Geelani has also called for a shutdown on December 9 to protest against the holding of elections in Budgam, Pulwama and Baramulla district which go to polls in the third phase.
Meanwhile, Geelani condemned the killing of sarpanch Mohammad Sultan Bhat on Sunday by unidentified gunmen and attack on another sarpanch on Monday in Shopian district.
“It is an un-Islamic, inhuman act and unjustified to kill any unarmed person without assigning any proper reason … this is an intolerable act,” he said.

Raghuram Rajan hints govt may change duty import structure for goldRaghuram Rajan hints government may change duty import structure for gold
PTI Dec 2, 2014, 09.12PM IST
Tags:
80:20 import curb
(Reserve Bank of India Governor…)
MUMBAI: Hinting that government may change duty structure for gold, Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan today said the 80:20 import curb was scrapped to remove distortions it was creating in the precious metal trade .
Rajan also asked investors to put their money in financial instruments and not just in gold.
About the controversial 80:20 gold import curbs, put in place in August 2013 to curb high gold inflows that was widening the current account deficit, Rajan said government decided to scrap this scheme as it was creating distortions.
Under this scheme, at least 20 per cent of the imported gold had to be mandatorily exported before bringing in new lots.
While he did not specify what these distortions were, there have been apprehensions that the controversial 80:20 scheme was leading to increased smuggling of gold and giving undue benefits to a select importing entities.
Rajan said the "government decided that it was probably the best decision at this point to scrap this rule", adding there are some requests to change the duty structure and that government will view and take a decision on it.
The then government in 2013 had increased import duty on gold 10 10 per cent.
"There were arguments that while there were distortions, they were small relative to larger effective containment of gold imports, at the same time there was an argument that any distortion is bad and we are at a point where we can end such distortions," the Governor said.
The surprise move came at a time when the industry was actually expecting more curbs on imports of gold, which is seen as an unproductive asset-attracting household savings away from the financial markets.
"The decision to scrap the 80:20 scheme is a reasonable one and let us see how it plays out. I think the fact that we have a substantial fall in crude imports means that we have some room to sustain an expansion in another import," he said at the post policy meeting with reporters.
The governor said the decision to withdraw the scheme was taken by the government and RBI involvement was just to advise it on the same as there were some debates about the 80:20 scheme and the distortion it was creating.
He asked investors to look at other financial instruments for investments rather than just looking at gold.
"Hopefully, the performance of financial assets, both fixed income and equities, will convince more and more of them to put their money in those kinds of assets in a diversified and safer way rather than in jewellery," Rajan said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Housing prices stable during July-Sept: ReportDelhi
(According to report, prices…)
NEW DELHI: Real estate market in the national capital region remained sluggish during July-September with no increase in the average housing prices over the previous quarter, according to a report.
"Analysis of price trends in the previous quarter reveals that the Delhi NCR real estate market is sluggish and investors are still playing defensive," 99acres.com Senior Vice President-Sales Neeraj Sharma said in the report.
According to the report, prices per square foot in Delhi-NCR region have remained unchanged during the third quarter of 2014 calendar year compared to previous quarter.
"On the other hand, an annual comparison (Q3-14 with Q3-13) reflects a fall of 2 per cent in prices per square foot," the portal said in a statement.
Rentals of 3 bed room flats fell by 1 per cent. 99acres.com 'Insite' is a quarterly report focusing on capital and rental price trends in residential real estate across 7 major cities of India.
"Sector 31 in Gurgaon was the front-runner with an appreciation of 26 per cent in the July-September 2014 quarter followed by Sector Omicron 1 in Greater Noida where prices jumped by 22 per cent and Greater Kailash II in South Delhi that went up by 14 per cent," the report said.
Vasundhara and Vaishali in Ghaziabad saw a capital value decline of 10 per cent and 6 per cent respectively (quarter on quarter), it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tribune Media set to begin trading Friday on NYSETribune Media to begin trading Friday on NYSE
Tribune Tower
Tribune headquarters on Michigan Avenue in Chicago.
Tribune headquarters on Michigan Avenue in Chicago. (Tribune photo)
Tribune Media set to begin trading on NYSE Friday under the symbol TRCO
The former Tribune Co. was previously listed on NYSE for 24 years until 2007 leveraged buyout
Tribune Media is set to begin trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol TRCO.
8
The Chicago-based media company announced Tuesday it has received approval from the Securities and Exchange Commission to list its stock on the NYSE, becoming a full publicly traded company. Tribune Media currently trades as an over-the-counter stock under the symbol TRBAA.
Tribune Media saw earnings decline by 24 percent in the third quarter, due in part to losses associated with its former publishing business, which it spun off in August. ( Robert Channick )
Tribune Media, previously known as Tribune Co., spun off its newspaper business in August to focus on its higher-growth broadcasting and entertainment assets, including 42 owned or operated local television stations, national cable channel WGN America and WGN Radio. The parent company has seen its stock price fall more than 20 percent since then. In October, Tribune Media authorized a $400 million stock repurchase program to be funded with existing cash balances.
As of Oct. 31, Tribune Media had nearly 95 million outstanding shares of Class A stock and nearly 3 million shares of Class B stock, with another 2.5 million in outstanding warrants. The company's warrants and Class B stock are expected to continue to be traded over the counter.

New norms soon on partly-paid shares to FIIsNew norms soon on partly-paid shares to FIIs
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, December 2:  
SEBI has proposed, in a discussion paper, that companies call for a minimum upfront part payment of 25 per cent of the total subscription from foreign investor in partly-paid shares in rights issues. This is being done to synchronise the regulations regarding public offerings (IPO)/rights/ preferential/ warrants with the recently reviewed Foreign Exchange Management Act by the RBI. The existing regulation does not specify any minimum percentage for upfront payment for partly paid-up shares in rights issues.
The Ministry of Finance has decided to permit issuance of partly-paid shares and warrants by the Indian companies to foreign investors.
Partly paid-up shares entail part payment on application by investors with the balance money to be paid when called for.
The time period within which these partly paid-up shares have to be made fully paid up has been retained at 12 months for both public and rights issues.
For warrants, SEBI has proposed a minimum upfront payment of 25 per cent for public/rights/ preferential issues. For public and rights issues of warrants, SEBI has proposed that the period of conversion be increased to 18 months from 12 months, while for preferential issues the existing norm of 18 months has been retained.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Sentiment has changed  but economic recovery will take time‘Sentiment has changed, but economic recovery will take time’
Lokeshwarri SK
gautam
December 2, 2014:  
The short-term movement of the market is hard to predict. But the market outlook is positive from a long-term perspective, says Gautam Chhaochharia, Head of India Research, UBS in an interview. Edited excerpts:
How comfortable are you with market valuations at this point?
We don’t think the market is cheap, but it’s not expensive either. We are comfortable with the current market valuation. The short term is always difficult to call, but from a one-year perspective, we are advising investors to be positive on India. If valuations don’t go up from current levels, earnings growth momentum should be enough for investors to get double-digit returns.
Unlike the last three years, we expect consensus earnings growth estimates of 15 per cent plus for FY16 and FY17 to be met. Our Nifty target for end-2015 is 9,600.
You have gone underweight on IT and neutral on pharma. But those are sectors that show consistent growth in revenue…
They have done well and they were our preferred sectors earlier. But one, their valuations are no longer attractive. Two, many investors were hiding in these sectors because they did not have other options. This is not the case any more. So you see sector rotation happening to cyclical sectors. Third, we think that growth surprise is behind us. We already saw in the last quarter how most companies failed to surprise or surprised negatively.
Growth is not picking up and inflation is on its way down. Is RBI right in keeping rates on hold?
We have always taken the view that the growth will be mild and gradual and not immediate and sharp. So the growth rate we are seeing in industrial production or general economic activity is not a negative surprise. We are still in a phase where both the RBI and the Government are running a tight monetary and fiscal policy to bring inflation down.
Corporate balance sheets are still in the process of getting repaired. We are not yet in a phase where growth begins to accelerate. The sentiment has changed, but economic recovery will happen only gradually.
On the inflation front, we continue to believe that inflation in the country is not structural. It has been high due to specific policy environment over the last three to four years. Those conditions have been withdrawn and inflation is coming down. We don’t expect RBI to lead with lowering interest rates. RBI will keep lagging the interest rate-inflation trajectory.
What is your view on bond yields?
RBI needs to stay and talk hawkish because they want inflation expectation to come down. We keep telling investors to keep looking at the inflation data and actual rates of interest rather than RBI rate cuts. We are already seeing inflation come off sharply, and 10-year yields come down 40-50 basis points.
We see 10-year yields coming down to 6.5 per cent by March 2016.
Our base case is that RBI cuts rates towards the end of FY15, that is, the first quarter of next year. We will not be surprised if they cut earlier than that.
You are expecting growth in rural income to slow down. Which sectors are likely to be affected by that?
Consumer staples and two-wheelers are the sectors that can be affected by this slowdown.
What is your view on power sector?
The investing time frame matters to a great extent in the power sector. Because, the problems in the power sector are resolving but it will take more time, it cannot resolve overnight.
We have seen some concerns resolving over the last year, but it will take another year to year-and-a-half before we see more clarity in this sector.
This sector does look exciting from a long-term perspective but for the near-term, we are sticking to the defensive power stocks such as Power Grid.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Valuation not the key in a growth economy‘Valuation not the key in a growth economy’
K VENKATASUBRAMANIAN
Tweet
A. Balasubramanian, CEO, Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund,
As a mutual fund industry veteran, A Balasubramanian, CEO, Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund, has seen the ebb and tide of markets over the past couple of decades.
In an interaction with BusinessLine, he said he was confident that the markets are well- placed to rally over the long term. Excerpts:
How long do you expect the current bull markets to last?
We expect the interest and mood to buy equity to continue for the long term. This will be supported by the momentum that will come through economic growth. We will see several factors falling into place, whether it is investment or clearance of projects.
Also, the recent weakening of oil prices and a lowering of consumer price inflation will help. What will make growth sustainable is a good balance between investment and consumption. In the coming months, investments will see a pick-up.
If we resolve power sector issues, industry will start accelerating too. Interest rates will marginally come down. And in a stable environment, we will take some forward-looking steps. Is there any segment where there is valuation comfort?
For some sectors, it is a cyclical recovery. So, they will run ahead of the pack. Sentiment improves, growth comes back, confidence also comes back. Because of this, valuation expands significantly. What has now happened is re-rating of PE multiples.
The next round of re-rating will have to be based purely on earnings improvement. Valuation generally should not be the guiding principle, if your overall growth expectation is getting better.
Today growth expectations are good. The thumb rule is that we should look at valuation in conjunction with expectation of growth rates. Yes, valuation could be a concern if it’s a de-growing economy. This is what I have seen global investors following.
Segments you are bullish on...
Instead of looking only at the sectors, we believe that the market provides continuous opportunities for bottom-up stock picking. For example, 2009-13 was a tough period. But that doesn’t mean mutual fund managers didn’t make money. The focus was on bottom-up stock picking.
If you are going to have a decade of stable and buoyant market, the only way a portfolio manager can make money is by keeping his eyes on bottom-up stock picking. Our job is to keep an eye on relative valuation and what can grow better.
Coming to debt, 10-year G-Sec yields have reduced to 8.2 levels from 8.8 per cent. Has the bond market factored in a definitive rate cut?
Today, the bond market is still in some doubt as to when the rate cut will happen and what its extent will be. So, the other thing that has to be looked at is the five-year overnight indexed swap.
This will show what the expected rate cut or anticipated interest rates in the system will be.
Five-year OIS has dropped to 7.5 per cent now. So once the cut happens, the bond market will rally. Our view is that we will probably see a rate cut in February 2015. It may marginally coincide with an uptick in growth.
After the tax changes in the Budget, have you seen any dip in interest in debt funds and MIPs?
The interest in MIPs is now making a comeback. In fixed income there is a mindset change, thanks to the Budget provisions also.
Anybody who wants to put money looks at debt funds or MIPs with a three-year perspective. And because equity is only one year, people are now thinking of allocating money also to equity, thus participating in the equity markets as well. While some of the policies need not have an impact in terms of facts and figures, they can definitely have a behavioural impact. Behaviour will also drive growth.
So, the Budget has definitely brought about behavioural change in customers, distributors and advisors. They look at equity with a lot more positive outlook now. That’s where the Budget did the master stroke.
Any corrections in the offing?
Correction is a function of various things. When the market goes up, you look for correction, it will keep going up and then correction never comes.
Even from past experience, we are not able to predict this. So what we always say is that it is better to put money in SIPs — which, in the last one year, have doubled for us, amount-wise.
Investors have realised that the equity market is not something you can predict.
But by not investing, you will only be harming yourself.
(Vishwanath Kulkarni also contributed to this article)
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related

Gas price in India to dip to $5 in 3 yrs: Goldman SachsComments
The new natural gas price of $5.61, which is already among the lowest in Asia Pacific, is likely to drop to around $5 per unit in three years due to the variables included in the formula, Goldman Sachs has said.
"While the Indian government introduced a new gas price regime in October, we believe clear direction is needed on gas pricing for higher-cost projects, such as deepwater, to induce more E&P capex," the global financial major said in a report.
Stating that Indian prices for new projects are among the lowest in Asia Pacific, Goldman said China pays explorers $11.9 per mmBtu (million British Thermal Unit) rate for new projects while Indonesia and the Philippines price the fuel at $11 and $10.5 respectively.
Gas from offshore fields in Myanmar, where Indian firms ONGC and GAIL have stake, are sold to China for $7.72. Thailand prices gas from new projects at $8.2 per mmBtu.
The only nations with lower rates are Vietnam ($5.2) and Malaysia ($5), it said. "We also find that under the new pricing formula, the price of currently produced gas will gradually fall to $5 per mmBtu over the next three years from current $5.61 per mmBtu, implying falling margins as costs rise," Goldman said.
The government had last month approved a new formula that priced all domestic gas at weighted average of rates prevalent in gas-surplus economies of US/Mexico, Canada and Russia.
"This, along with uncertain prospects in largely unexplored basins, could reduce the attractiveness of India as a future E&P destination, in our view," it said.
On the premium that the government had last month said would be given to future discoveries in difficult areas like deepsea, it said, "The premium for gas from high-cost basins should be linked to international benchmarks rather than be based on block by block negotiation, in our view."
"...we believe clear direction is needed on gas pricing for higher-cost projects, such as deepwater, to induce more exploration and production (E&P) capex," it said.
Goldman said encouraging domestic E&P was critical for the Indian oil and gas sector in order to check the rising dependence on imports. "We note that apart from high oil import dependence at 80%, India's gas import dependence has also jumped to 35% today vs 20% in FY10," it said.

Chorus for rate cut grows more stridentChorus for rate cut grows more strident
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 01, 2014
First Published: 00:10 IST(1/12/2014) | Last Updated: 00:15 IST(1/12/2014)
Comments
Home loan borrowers, business leaders, economists and policy makers, all seem to have one question: Will the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Raghuram Rajan announce a cut in interest rates on Tuesday?
Wholesale inflation touched a five-year low of 1.77% in October. Likewise, retail inflation is at a three-year low of 5.52%.
These could decline further, on the back of falling petrol and diesel prices after OPEC—the cartel of oil producing countries—decided against an output cut despite 4-year-low crude prices.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley has expressed hope that RBI will move in the direction of making the cost of capital reasonable to help perk up economy. Rajan may meet Jaitley on Monday.
RBI uses monetary tools to stymie demand and cool prices. Many analysts, however, believe that the central bank would rather wait till the beginning of 2015 before it starts slashing borrowing rates, which are unchanged since January 2014.
“We think the first rate cut (of the repo rate) is likely to be in the February monetary policy or at the latest by April 2015,” investment banking major Morgan Stanley said in a recent report.
The repo rate is the rate at which RBI lends to banks. A higher repo pushes up banks’ borrowing costs, prompting them to increase interest rates for final home, auto and corporate borrowers — and vice versa. It currently stands at 8%.
The manufacturing sector crawled at 0.1% during July-September, latest national income data released on Friday showed, as business leaders demanded lower borrowing costs to aid a much-needed industrial revival.
“Given the current inflation situation RBI should ease the monetary policy stance as this would boost investment sentiment,” Sidharth Birla, president of industry body Ficci has said.
“The RBI is likely to tone down its hawkish policy rhetoric,” Barclays said in a research report.

Buying a home Be ready to gift luxury goodsBuying a home? Be ready to ‘gift’ luxury goods
Timsy Jaipuria , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 01, 2014
First Published: 00:17 IST(1/12/2014) | Last Updated: 02:23 IST(1/12/2014)
Comments
Ramesh Chandra (name changed) recently sold his first-floor apartment in a premium location of Jor Bagh in New Delhi. As usual, the deal was worth much more than the official circle rate for the area. But given the government’s hawk eye on black money, Chandra was wary of accepting cash to cover the difference.
He arrived at a happy solution: The apartment buyer is ‘gifting’ him a luxury sedan and two expensive watches, and footing the bill for a foreign holiday for the family.
Chandra’s is not a one-off case, estate agents say: it has become more of a norm than the exception. “A lot of people are opting for this route since they are scared to transact in black money,” said a senior executive of an international property consultant that has facilitated some similar deals.
“Such payments are purely by choice and as per the dealing between the transacting parties,” said Anshuman Magazine, chairman and managing director, CBRE South Asia. “This route definitely helps avoid the risk of black money.”
Such transactions happen in resale of land parcels and independent houses held by individuals, he added.
“Combating the country’s parallel economy has been at the top of the NDA government’s agenda… such deals are a clear indication that there is substance to the government’s belief that a lot of black money is locked in the real estate sector,” a real estate expert said on the condition of anonymity.
“What drives this is the huge gap between market rates and the prevailing circle rates,” said Navin Raheja, realtor and chairman of National Real Estate Development Council. “We have requested the government to look into such deals when they talk of black money in real estate.”
Given the government’s hawk eye on black money, real estate buyers are footing the bill for foreign holidays, apart from giving watches, expensive cars to sellers.

Rupee edges higher to 62.02 against US dollar after slumping to 9-month lowComments
The Indian rupee on Monday erased initial losses and edged one paisa higher at 62.02 versus the greenback on late dollar selling by exporters and some banks, snapping a two-day losing trend.
After the opening weak, the rupee hit a fresh nine-month low of 62.25 against US dollar as traders reacted to government easing curbs on gold imports and economic growth for the second quarter coming at a tepid 5.3%. However, the rupee erased the losses and closed marginally higher.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced sharply lower at the day's low of 62.25 a dollar from last weekend's close of 62.03.
The mood was a bit cautious ahead of RBI policy review. Later, it rebounded on dollar selling by some banks and exporters and closed at the day's high of 62.02, a gain of one paisa or 0.02%.
In the previous two sessions, it had lost 19 paise.
The rupee had little help from local equities on Monday. The Indian benchmark S&P BSE Sensex closed lower by 134.37 points, or 0.47%.
There was support for the local currency from Sebi data that showed FPIs/FIIs infused USD 396.24 million on Friday.
The dollar index, a gauge of six major global rivals, was down by 0.15%. Oil prices fell to a five-year low and even gold rates fell as global investors were risk-averse.
"Over this week, we expect the pair to trade within a range of 61.60/80 and 62.30/40 levels on the spot. RBI monetary policy and US November jobs report will be key data points," said Anindya Banerjee, currency analyst, Kotak Securities.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group said, the trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 61.60 to 62.40.
In the forward market, premia closed steady-to-weak on stray receipts from exporters.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in May ended at its last Friday's closing level of 224-226 paise while forward contracts maturing in November, 2015, softened to 433.5-435.5 paise from 435-437 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 62.1377 and for the Euro at 77.3677.
The rupee fell back against the pound to 97.48 from last weekend's close of 97.34 while moved down further to 77.31 per euro from 77.29.
It, however, improved further to 52.36 per 100 Japanese yen from 52.48 last Friday.

Sensex  Nifty retreat from record highs ahead of RBI policySensex, Nifty retreat from record highs ahead of RBI policy
PTI  Mumbai, December 01, 2014
First Published: 11:06 IST(1/12/2014) | Last Updated: 23:47 IST(1/12/2014)
Comments
Retreating from record highs, the benchmark Sensex on Monday slipped 134.37 points to 28,559.62 and Nifty dipped 32.35 points to 8,555.90 in their first drop in four sessions on caution ahead of RBI's policy review and fag-end selling due to weak global cues.
Refinery, power, metal and capital goods shares fell while consumer durable and IT stocks attracted buying support.
Oil stocks fell after global crude prices hit five-year low. However, airline stocks rose after jet fuel became cheaper.
The S&P BSE 30-share Sensex resumed better and firmed up further to a high of 28,809.64 on initial buying after the manufacturing output accelerated in November at the quickest pace in nearly two years. Tepid GDP growth also boosted hopes of a rate cut by RBI in its monetary policy meeting on Tuesday.
However, Sensex failed to maintain initial gains and dropped to finish at 28,559.62, a loss of 134.37 points or 0.47%, amid a weak global trend. In previous three days, it had risen by 355.94 points or 1.26%.
"Participants preferred to sit on sidelines and booked some profit ahead of RBI's monetary policy review scheduled for Tuesday," said Jayant Manglik, president of retail distribution, Religare Securities.
The CNX 50-share Nifty also opened higher and moved up further to new lifetime high of 8,623.00 before settling at 8,555.90, logging a loss of 32.25 points or 0.38%.
Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs. 935.86 crore last Friday, as per provisional data.
Jewellery stocks, including Gitanjali Gems and Titan Company, shined after RBI withdrew the 80-20 rule and restrictions on import of gold.
Asian stocks ended down as a Chinese manufacturing gauge dropped and American holiday spending slowed, reports said.
Key indices in China, Hong Kong, Singapore, South Korea and Taiwan dropped by 0.10% to 2.58%, while Japan's Nikkei ended higher by 0.75%.
European stocks were also trading lower as key indices like France, Germany and UK moved down by 0.38% to 0.99%.
"RBI policy kept investors cautious while weakness in the rupee and profit taking weighed on banking stocks dragging the benchmark. Global markets also traded with negative bias on back of fall in major commodity prices of Brent and gold," said Kiran Kumar Kavikondala, director and CEO, WealthRays Securities.
In all, 18 out of 30 Sensex-based scrips closed in the red while others finished in the green. ONGC was the top loser with a fall of 3.98%, followed by Hindalco 3.85%, BHEL 3.25%, RIL 2.94%, Tata Power 2.74%, Tata Steel 2.46% and M&M 2.09%.
Sesa Sterlite 1.99%, HDFC 1.89%, Gail India 1.83%, NTPC 1.82%, Bharti Airtel 1.13% and L&T 1.12% also ended in the red.
However, Hero MotoCorp rose by 3.69%, HUL 2.75%, TCS 1.89%, Axis Bank 1.73%, Maruti Suzuki 1.61%, Cipla 1.28% and Wipro 1.21%.
Among the S&P BSE Sectoral indices, Oil&Gas dipped by 2.57%, Power by 2.25%, Metal by 2.14% and Capital Goods 1.37%.
On the other hand, Consumer Durables firmed up by 3.31% and IT by 0.84%, among others.
Total market breadth was negative as 1,675 stocks closed with losses while 1,218 settled with gains.
Total turnover dropped to Rs. 3,154.65 crore from Rs. 3,834.96 crore last Friday.

Cook County sues Wells Fargo over lending practices1
The suit, filed against Wells Fargo on Friday in U.S. District Court in Chicago, is similar to others brought in late March against HSBC, Bank of America and its subsidiaries Countrywide and Merrill Lynch. In November, a federal judge in Los Angeles denied a motion by JPMorgan Chase to dismiss a similar lawsuit. Attorneys for Cook County recently made the court here aware of that ruling.
In its lawsuit, the county alleges that Wells Fargo engaged in the practice of "equity stripping" by targeting minority mortgage borrowers in Cook County, particularly Latinos and African-Americans, in order to maximize the income and assets the bank could generate by originating or acquiring high-cost and other nonprime mortgage loans.
The lawsuit also alleges that Wells Fargo employees, brokers and mangers were paid to steer minority borrowers into more costly loans.
"Such activities stripped and continue to strip borrower home equity, increasing the risk of default and foreclosure, and actually resulting in foreclosure on minority borrowers' homes," the suit states.
Wells Fargo said it would vigorously defend its practices and record in Cook County. "The county's accusations are baseless, and it's disappointing they chose to pursue a lawsuit against Wells Fargo rather than collaborate together to help borrowers and homeowners in the County," spokesman Tom Goyda wrote in an email. "Wells Fargo's team members live and work in the Chicago area and we stand behind our record as a fair and responsible lender, which includes an $8.2 million down payment assistance grant program that helped create 547 new homeowners in Chicago and the Cook County suburbs over the past two years."
Wells Fargo's CityLIFT program, launched locally in November 2012, offered down payment assistance grants of $15,000 to qualifying homebuyers. The program was one aspect of a national fair-housing settlement announced in October 2012 among Wells Fargo, the Illinois Attorney General's office and the Justice Department to resolve allegations that the bank steered borrowers into high-cost, subprime mortgages.
Cook County's suit alleges that despite that settlement and others, Wells Fargo's "discriminatory conduct still continues."

Re-Envisioning Marketing: One Chocolate Bar at a Timereddit
For most people, the journey into the world of marketing starts on the wrong foot: with the misleading proposition that marketing is the process of communicating value to consumers, thereby satisfying their needs and wants.
Rooted in the economic argument that markets are what you get when supply meets demand, this standard definition of marketing is deeply engrained in the popular imagination.
To address this problem, I dedicate every first marketing lecture to making chocolate bars.
Here is my official chocolate bar recipe (the full recipe is of course a well kept secret):
Place cocoa and butter in a processor and mix until they form a paste. Fill a pan about ¼ full with water. Then place the bowl on top of the water. Put the chocolate paste in the bowl and then heat until liquid. Put the mixture back in the processor and mix till smooth. Then warm the milk to room temperature. Add sugar, flour and milk and mix well. Pour the mixture into molds and place it in a fridge till they become hard.
What do we experience when we turn the MBA classroom into a chocolate factory?
Making chocolate bars requires a fair bit of effort on our part. For instance, milk is creamy and cocoa is sweet but no creamy and sweet chocolate will appear unless we convince our ingredients to connect. And so we do things to them: we mix them, heat them up, press them into a form, and cool them down.
Plus we need some tools to do this: bowls, pans, mixers, molds, fridges.
So what's the true power of chocolate?
This question guides the second part of the chocolate lecture.
Here are three takeaways:
First, chocolate teaches us a lesson about connectedness.
A simple piece of chocolate is actually an entry point into an entire network of people and things. It spans ingredients, continents, and biographies. It links logistical and supply chain networks to biological, ecological, and emotional concerns. It bridges sustainability and labour rights with expectations on romantic dates. It evokes midnight snacking rituals, obesity, and family togetherness.
Second, chocolate sheds a different light on value.
In order for chocolate to retain its value, the network must be held together. All ingredients must constantly enact their ascribed roles. Milk must thicken, bars must crunch, truck drivers must deliver, fridges must cool, consumers must crave...
And third, chocolate gives us a better definition of what marketers actually do.
Marketers do not merely communicate value.
They assemble value by nurturing other peoples' and things' capacity to interact.
Marketers make chocolate.
Day after day and against a backdrop of constantly changing conditions.
And now take the pieces out and munch away!
Follow Markus Giesler on Twitter: www.twitter.com/drgiesler
More:

Workplace Wellness Puts CEOs on a Collision Course With Obamacare and Common Sensereddit
Are "old economy" corporations embarking on a jihad against their own overweight or chronically ill employees just to save a few dollars in insurance?   Incredibly, the evidence seems to suggest they are.  The president of the Business Roundtable   (BRT), John Engler, is having a private sit-down Tuesday 12/2, at which the BRT may threaten to "switch sides" in the ongoing Affordable Care Act (ACA) debate.
All this fuss is over a part of Obamacare that disproportionately grates on CEOs:  not the expense of covering children until they are 26, not the arbitrary 30-hour cutoff point for "full-time work," not even the requirement of providing insurance at all.  No, this fuss is over:  workplace wellness programs.
For the uninitiated, those are programs - that perhaps 90 million Americans are subject to - in which human resources (HR) executives "play doctor," by hiring vendors to ask employees intrusive questions, poke them with needles, send them for checkups, and browbeat them into attempting to lose weight.   The impetus for Tuesday's meeting is that the BRT is upset because recently the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) has been filing suits against companies, most recently Honeywell , that allegedly give employees (and sometimes their spouses) an ultimatum:  submit to our medical tests or pay fines up to $4000.   Mandatory medical examinations violate the Americans with Disabilities Act, which the EEOC enforces.
Needless to say these wellness programs are highly unpopular, so unpopular that companies have had to triple the financial incentives and penalties since 2008 to a whopping $594 , just to keep participation rates from falling.  At two organizations, Penn State and CVS , employees have revolted against their programs.
But all that fuss by the BRT, all those unpopular programs, and all this spending are justified because the rest of us are subsidizing overweight and chronically ill employees, right?   Wellness programs will save all of us money by making these people better off, right?
Wrong.  First, companies only spend about 4% of their healthcare budget on medical events, like heart attacks, that are even theoretically avoidable through wellness programs.  Because these events are so uncommon (heart attacks in the commercially insured population are a 1-in-800 shot, and most of those can't be prevented anyway), the cost of the wellness programs overwhelms any possible reduction in these medical events to the point where saving money is mathematically impossible .  (Wellness vendors still pretend to save money, but essentially every savings claim is transparently made up .)
Second, and more importantly, wellness can be hazardous to your health.  Workplace wellness programs generally require far more screening than accepted guidelines recommend.   Overscreening generates "false positives," leading to expensive, uncomfortable, unnecessary and possibly hazardous treatment for conditions that don't exist.  HR departments often require routine checkups even though routine checkups for asymptomatic adults are not recommended by the Journal of the American Medical Association itself.   And fines or rewards for losing weight incentivize binging prior to the first weigh-in and crash-dieting prior to the subsequent ones, activities that are far more hazardous than simply being overweight.
And yet the BRT, representing the majority of large old-economy American companies, has decided to confront the President over workplace wellness.   In particular, they want the Administration to call off the EEOC dogs, so that companies can punish noncompliant workers with impunity, pushing the wellness provision of the ACA to its limits.  (The ACA wellness provision itself was modeled after the Safeway wellness program and is often called the Safeway Amendment .  Safeway originally claimed massive savings from it but later admitted the program didn't exist at the time the savings were claimed.)
This complete disconnect between the data and the demands can be explained only one of two ways:
(1) The CEOs who comprise the BRT have been duped into thinking wellness saves money because they aren't bright enough to google for themselves and learn that it doesn't
(2) The CEOs who comprise the BRT are VERY bright and have figured out that the only way they can seriously manage their healthcare costs is by scaring off unhealthy workers.  (It is not legal, of course, to fire someone outright for being overweight or chronically ill.)
Let's examine each.  As to the first, these people didn't get to the C-Suite by simply accepting information that their vendors tell them, especially when it's quite easy for their accountants to tally up their company's heart attacks and related events (since self-insured companies pay separately for each hospitalization) to see how rarely these "wellness-sensitive" events occur.   And they also must know that, as with the tobacco industry years ago, an industry fails the sniff test when its only defenders are people who profit from it.
In support of the second hypothesis, these CEOs must recognize that forced wellness programs are embarrassing and demoralizing for overweight employees, likely causing some otherwise loyal and productive workers to quit.  (A sizable minority of CEOs are themselves overweight and know how hard it is to keep weight off, even when they have the flexibility of a corner office schedule instead of the competing and insatiable demands of an hourly worker with a long commute and kids at home.)
Both explanations make no business sense, though the second at least passes the harsh test of Scroogian economics.   Even so, there must be some reason why large corporations have chosen to fight this particular ACA battle, other than to preserve the right to harm their own employees and bank accounts.
Follow Al Lewis on Twitter: www.twitter.com/whynobodybeliev
More:

Cyber Monday loses power as online shopping starts earlier3
"It's not like the day isn't growing, its just that the additional growth is being spread more evenly on other days," Henderson said.
Online shopping on Saturday and Sunday was up 17 percent compared with the same weekend in 2013, Henderson said. IBM began measuring online sales on the weekend before Cyber Monday last year in response to the sales covering a broader period.
Shopping on smartphones and tablets so far today accounted for 21.3 percent of e-commerce sales, up from a total of 17 percent the previous year, according to IBM.
The broader retail industry had a disappointing holiday kickoff on Black Friday, the day after Thanksgiving. Spending fell an estimated 11 percent over the weekend from a year earlier, the National Retail Federation said Sunday.
Cyber Monday is typically seen as an opportunity for retailers to "stem some of the bleeding," said Sucharita Mulpuru, an analyst at Forrester Research in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
"Black Friday becomes more irrelevant every year," said Mulpuru, who predicts online shopping will reach $89 billion this holiday season. "Black Friday has been eclipsed by Cyber Monday, shipping cutoff dates in December, and even Thanksgiving."
Ben Hemminger, chief executive officer of online retailer Fashionphile, abandoned Cyber Monday sales last year because they didn't help his business. Instead of giving discounts on Cyber Monday this year, the company is offering a free $4,000 Chanel handbag as a way to draw visitors.
"Picking a certain day to kick off a sale doesn't work as well as it used to, because all the other retailers offer deals earlier and earlier," Hemminger said. "When you start moving that date back, the significance of Cyber Monday or Black Friday is diminished."
Total spending fell to $50.9 billion over the past four days, down from $57.4 billion in 2013, according to the NRF. It was the second year in a row that sales declined during the post-Thanksgiving Black Friday weekend, which had long been famous for long lines and frenzied crowds seeking door-buster deals on electronics.
This year, many shoppers stayed home. The NRF had predicted that 140.1 million customers would visit retailers last weekend. Instead, only 133.7 million showed up. The slow start may make it harder for retailers to hit sales targets over the next month. The NRF had predicted a 4.1 percent sales gain for November and December — the best performance since 2011.
Holiday shopping is key for retailers — with sales in November and December accounting for about 19 percent of annual revenue, according to the NRF — and more of that is shifting online. While e-commerce orders are growing, they're still dwarfed by brick-and-mortar sales.
As of Sunday, holiday shoppers had spent $22.7 billion online this season, up 15 percent from a year earlier, according to ComScore Inc. That includes more than $1.5 billion on Black Friday.
Sales at Amazon, the world's largest online retailer, jumped 46 percent on Saturday and 24 percent on Black Friday, according to ChannelAdvisor Corp. That exceeded total e-commerce growth on those days, the research firm found.

Learning From Shakespeare: Harnessing The Power of Brand Language in an Overvisualized Worldreddit
There's only one Shakespeare, but that doesn't mean we all can't play with language.
Today's overvisualized world trends toward companies that communicate stories using imagery instead of text. With such a rich database of visuals at their fingertips, many brands often neglect the significance of developing unique brand language.
As humans, we can't fully experience something until we have the language to express it - and we aren't lacking in words to do so. According to the Global Language Monitor, there are 1,025,109 words in the English language. New words appear each day and shape our understanding. But when it comes to powerful verbal branding, it's not simply the words that are used but how we use them that uniquely communicate the brand.
A verbal identity is the expression of what a brand stands for and how it's different from competitors. This includes unique words and phrases and a distinctive voice and tone. A good verbal identity is one in which you can take away all the visual elements of the brand and still recognize the brand.
As we grow towards a competitive future filled with infinite brands and choices, creating a unique voice and tone is imperative. Shakespeare was a master of language and invented over 1,700 words and phrases, including words like eyeball, silliness, and uncomfortable. "Love is blind," "all's well that ends well," and "dead as a door nail" are phrases he coined that are still used today.
Today, thousands of companies are essentially selling the same thing, using the exact same language. Take bottled water, for example. There are over 700 different brands selling bottled water in the U.S. alone. Each of them touts their refreshing taste, pure source, and high quality. The difference, for the most part, isn't the water. It's the branding.
Like Shakespeare, brands need to evolve and invent unique ways of communicating with audiences. Language remains the key communication tool and foundation upon which a brand is built. It's a vehicle for change and understanding. Yet the process of evolving language can be challenging. Below are a few tips to create powerful and unique verbal brand language.
Tips on Creating a Powerful Verbal Brand
Write like a human, not like a robot.
If your brand were a person, what would it sound like? Would it be quirky, with a sense of humor? Or confident and serious? Whatever it is, make sure it's authentic. Creating a unique voice and tone starts with discovery. Perform exercises with your core team to define adjectives that best describe what makes your brand unique. Create definitions around what those adjectives symbolize. For a great example, check out Mail Chimp's voice and tone.
Employ transparency.
Think like Pinocchio. One of the most underutilized opportunities for brands is honesty and transparency. Brands that truly resonate with customers tell their story in a way that is honest and real. For example, don't simply tout your best testimonials. Showcase the poor ones and describe what you learned and how you are changing. Patagonia is a great example of a brand that employs transparency, and honestly reveals what products need reworking.
Embrace your inner brand prowess.
You must be willing to believe in your brand and take risks. While some brands might not have the personality to be irreverent and whimsical in their voice and tone, they don't need to be boring. Have the courage to embrace your true voice, and express it consistently. Look at Hello Flo and Cards Against Humanity .
Train to stay fit.
After you've crafted your voice and tone, create guidelines and train your team on how to implement and, just as importantly, how to evolve them over time. The best guidelines are practicable and accessible but also flexible. We live in a dynamic world, and brands need to modulate their voice and tone in order to stay relevant. Ideally the brand guidelines provide the tools and the inspiration necessary to do so successfully.
By inventing a new and consistent way of speaking, you can connect with your customers in a human way that makes them look forward to interacting with you - a key to driving brand engagement and loyalty.
Follow Dr. Alexander Haldemann on Twitter: www.twitter.com/haldemann
More:

Dr. Alexander HaldemannGET UPDATES FROM Dr. Alexander Haldemann
 
Like
1
Dr. Alexander Haldemann is CEO of MetaDesign , an award-winning brand and design firm with studios in Asia, Europe, and North America. Founded in 1979, MetaDesign has created brand experiences for clients such as Apple, Adobe, Nike, Four Seasons, Intel, Samsung, and 23&me.
Alexander has led communication programs for some of the world’s leading brands. His work has received awards from Rebrand 100, Communication Arts, IF Communication Design, Red Dot, and the Best of Corporate Publishing. He lectures on brand strategy and reputation management for business schools and industry groups around the world. Fluent in English, German and Italian, he holds a PhD in Economics and Political Science from the University of Zurich, and an MBA in International Management from the University of St. Gallen, Switzerland.
And on weekends he enjoys catching up with the family, skiing in the alps, the old fashioned newspaper, and beating his son at backgammon.
Entries by Dr. Alexander Haldemann
(0) Comments | Posted December  1, 2014 | 3:53 PM
There's only one Shakespeare, but that doesn't mean we all can't play with language.
Today's overvisualized world trends toward companies that communicate stories using imagery instead of text. With such a rich database of visuals at their fingertips, many brands often neglect the significance of developing unique brand language.
...
Green Is Not Enough: How to Make an Earth Friendly Brand Stand Out
(6) Comments | Posted September  9, 2014 | 5:42 PM
Earth smart. Biodegradable. All-natural. Energy efficient. Recyclable. Eco-friendly. Carbon neutral. Local. Chlorine-free. Sustainable. Organic. Non-toxic. Hybrid. Earth friendly.
In recent years there has been a dynamic shift in brands marketing themselves as "green." Within the decade, annual sales grew from $8.4 billion to $31.5 billion from products...
The 3 Things You Can Do to Help Make a Brand Support Equality
(0) Comments | Posted June  4, 2014 | 8:45 PM
Heineken. Sam Adams. Mozilla Firefox. Chick-fil-A. Barilla Pasta. General Mills. All of these major brands have recently been in the crossfire of gay rights finding they had to pick a side -- either for equality, or not.
Although many brands support LGBT causes without pressure from the public, many do...

5 Recession-Proof Industries to Consider for Your Next Startup Venturereddit
Do what you love? Check. Do what you're good at or have experience with? Check. Make sure it's recession-proof? Maybe not--that's where a lot of entrepreneurs drop the ball.
It doesn't matter how fabulous you are at a certain skill, how much you love it, or how driven you are, if your new startup is bound to tank in a rough economy. We might be heading out of the woods from the Great Recession, but that doesn't mean another one won't pop up during your lifetime.
Finding a niche that's recession-proof as well as one that fits within your passion is key. Fortunately, there are many recession-proof options (and they don't all require technical skills!). If you really want to ensure your startup takes flight, take a look at the figures from the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) circa 2011. This Bureau of Labor Statistics report will give you a clue on where to start.
Prefer the Cliff's Notes version? Here are a few classic recession-proof industries that might just turn you from entrepreneur wannabe to full-fledged business owner in good times and bad:
1. Pet Pamperer
Shockingly, people don't stop pampering their pets just because they lost their job or the economy is tanking. Pet grooming and luxury services actually go up during a down economy --and of course people are quick to pamper when they're flush with cash, too. If your background has anything to do with grooming or pets, you're golden.
Mariah Carey spends £28,000-a year-grooming her pet dogs: Mariah Carey,who is worth around 290 million - regul... http://t.co/v8hQFqLr9X
— ModernGhana.com (@modernghanaweb) April 25, 2014
2. Educator
This "job" can take on many forms, but people still need education when the economy is shaky. In fact, a lot of people head back to school or opt into continuing education when they get laid off because
1) They don't have a job but still want to be working towards a goal.
2) They think more education will help them get a job.
(Source: marketwatch.com)
From opening a preschool, to offering GRE tutoring services , this is a great niche. The "supplemental education" sector is now was an estimated $5 billion business in 2011, 10 times as large as it was in 2001, according to Eduventures.
3. Alternative Healthcare
Of course, primary healthcare is another fantastic option--but you have a lot of hoops to jump through to open your own general medicine practice. Like education, healthcare is another industry that doesn't suffer during a recession. You can also look into providing medical supplies to practices, offering healthcare software, or any other B2B service that focuses on health for a safe(r) bet.
4. Online Security
Websites are being hacked left and right.  Last week Craigslist got hacked and it proved that even the biggest sites in the world can be hacked by the simplest of hackers. Online web security is growing and not going anywhere.  Even in a recession, there are 1,000's of websites that need online security.
5. Undertaker/Funeral Parlor Manager
It's true: Nothing's certain in life but death and taxes. However, focusing on taxes is going to take a lot of extra work, time, degrees and liability.
For many, it's better to focus on the "death of business" which is always a sure thing. It might sound morbid, but if you excel in service and empathy, it's a viable option. Over the past five years, revenue has grown at an average annual rate of 2.3 percent, and was an estimated $15.9 billion market in 2013.
Takeaways
It's okay to let your passion drive your startup, but consider your long-term strategy and remember that dealing with a recession might drive your best startup ever.
Follow Andre Bourque on Twitter: www.twitter.com/SocialMktgFella
More:

Canadas gravity warriorsCar Tribes | 1 December 2014
Meet Canada’s gravity warriors
By  Brendan McAleer
Read more about these links.
(Brendan McAleer)
It is all downhill from here. The cloud hangs low, snagged on crooked evergreens, wreathing the head of Mount Seymour in a cold, grey blanket. This slice of coastal British Columbia is wet – wetter than any place on earth this side of the Amazon Basin. A bitter chill seeps into the bone, and in the muffled, foggy silence, there is the zip and snap of armour being strapped on, the metallic clink of machinery being adjusted.
Related
Watch: 207mph on a bicycle
Helmets, spine protectors, shin guards, elbow pads, neck braces – the trappings of battle are donned, already holed and muddied from previous skirmishes. A pair of Toyota pickup trucks stand silent as bicycles are lifted from their beds.
The trucks are part chairlift, part toolbox, part duffel bag and part beast of burden. If you walk into the aftermarket section of any major motor show in North America, you would spot gleaming, full-size pickups with cartoonishly large wheels and improbable lift kits. The trucks in these damp woods, however – smaller and significantly dirtier – are the antithesis of those glossy, preening leviathans.
Having unloaded the bikes and set off down a short section of road, knobby tires buzzing like angry hornets on the tarmac, the riders duck between the trees down a double-black-diamond trail. The course is a whip-crack of granite, mud and cedar, with the wooden sections made ice-slick by the unshakeable damp. It is a dangerous business, this downhill riding, with cyclists risking broken collar bones, compressed vertebrae, concussions and contusions. The armour is not just for show.
(Brendan McAleer)
In earlier times on these slopes, it might have been a hunting party diving into the lair of the cave-bear, to prove both bravery and athleticism. Here the threat of a heavy, murderous paw is replaced by the spectacularly unyielding nature of an 80ft Douglas fir, but the game is the same: the brotherhood of the ride, the skill, the danger. Off the pack goes into the woods, hooting at the cold, wheels skittering over the slick cedar planking.
Mountain biking is a British Columbia pastime, worth tens of millions in tourism dollars to local economies. As winter edges closer, tourists seek snowier climes, heading to state-of-the-art ski resorts such as Whistler, site of the 2010 Winter Olympics. But the temperate coastal rainforest is relentlessly damp. The riding season consequently can extend deep into winter – provided the rider has the right equipment.
Judging by the impromptu parking lots at trailheads, one of the most valuable pieces of that gear wears a Toyota badge. Tacomas and 4Runners of all generations are almost an official vehicle for thrill-seekers throughout the coastal ranges, down into the US. It is quite common to see $15,000 or even $20,000 worth of mountain bikes hanging off the tailgate of a battered Toyota worth a quarter of that amount.
(Brendan McAleer)
In the parking lot at the base of Mount Seymour, there are other vehicles to be found, too. Several Subaru Outbacks arrive, cross-country mountain bikes spilling out of them. A Ford F-150 with eight downhill bikes and two extra riders crouched in the bed motors off for the climb up the mountain. There is even a Suzuki Sidekick, looking like a proto-cute-ute with its suspension lift and outsize all-terrain tires. A woman walks along the line of vehicles, leaving fliers for a local pub. “Hose and Beer”, it reads, advertising a place to wash down a mount post-ride, as well as to slake thirst with a shared pitcher of lager.
Toyotas, however, dominate the landscape. At one point, no fewer than four identical white crew-cab Toyota Racing Development (TRD) pickups are parked in a line. “I guess this is the white Tacoma parking section,” one owner jokes as he rides out to the trailhead.
The mid-size Toyota pickup truck, known as the Hilux in overseas markets and the Tacoma in North America since 1995, is something of a cultural icon for outdoor enthusiasts. A black, pre-Tacoma-nameplate example appeared in the 1985 blockbuster film Back to the Future, stirring palpable desire in Michael J Fox’s Marty McFly – and in countless viewers. This was a vehicle built for fun; it could work, too, but the Toyota was a born sport truck, ideal for surfers, skiers, snowmobilers and cyclists.
(Brendan McAleer)
Its toughness is chronicled worldwide. The Chadian-Libyan conflict of 1987 is colloquially referred to as “The Toyota War” owing to the overloaded Hiluxes that Chadian guerillas piloted across deserts, en route to routing their adversaries, despite the Libyans’ infinitely superior firepower. While nobody on this deeply gladed hillside has mounted Browning .50cal machine guns on their Tacomas, all the trucks show signs of exceptional use. Bumpers are dented, fenders are chipped.
“Real trucks should be dirty,” says rider Mark Godard. “Inside and out.”
These particular downhillers are also members of the local Toyota off-roading club. Mitch Garvey drives a black 2007 Tacoma, one of the two trucks pulling shuttle duties on this particular day. “Upgrades are just wheels and tires,” he says. “I've got plans, lots of plans, but I'm saving for school, trying to be responsible.”
The rest of the crew drives Toyota 4x4s in various incarnations. Bryan Sloan has driven down from Squamish in his 1997 4Runner. “A cold trip down with that back window open,” he laughs. Sean Anderson has a diesel-powered, Japanese-market Hilux Surf with an exhaust system that makes it sound like a steroidal John Deere. Wyatt Heesterman's green '92 pickup is possibly even louder. Kyle Robinson is in a 2009 crew-cab, one of the four white Tacomas in a line: he also is fixing up two older 4Runners.
(Brendan McAleer)
The knot of riders emerges at the base of the mountain sweaty, elated and mud-spattered. Another 1,000 vertical feet or so descended, another day, another lap downhill. There are 50-odd miles of official North Shore trails to shred, and who knows how many more wildcat routes scraped together in the woods and kept secret. On this day, there are fist-bumps and handshakes, a post-mortem of the ride, an examination of new bruises and parts shaken loose by the pounding.
Propulsion here comes from muscle, bone and sinew, but when a group gets together, the same banter emerges as that you’d encounter at any hot-rodder convention. Get within earshot, and it's difficult to discern whether a slice of that future paycheque is going to bike or truck. Absent a new Tacoma to discuss (a full redesign, the truck’s first in nearly a decade, is in the works), the riders turn to the new Chevrolet Colorado pickup, ostensibly General Motors’ response to the Toyota’s long, lucrative run. Opinions are mixed. “The lower valence is too low, it's just going to get ripped off the first time you go off-road,” Mark Burill opines. His dark grey '09 Tacoma is freshly lifted and wears with pride a bend in the rear bumper.
Anderson, owner of the Hilux Surf, has a calf tattoo of a bike-riding Buddha, the normally serene deity pumping his first in the air. The message is clear: nirvana is to be found on two wheels, on the downhill rush.
For those who seek this enlightenment, however – this freedom of spirit – a mountain climb is in order. Among the winter mists and moss-coasted trees, dignified, battered chairlifts stand eager to lead their charges back into battle.
(Brendan McAleer)
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .

Illinois  Chicago could be on track for separate minimum wagesIllinois, Chicago could be on track for separate minimum wages
Illinois, Chicago possibly on track for separate minimum wage increases
Mayor Rahm Emanuel seeks to increase Chicago's minimum wage from $8.25 to $13 an hour by 2019, while supporters in Springfield plan to increase wages statewide to $10 an hour.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel seeks to increase Chicago's minimum wage from $8.25 to $13 an hour by 2019, while supporters in Springfield plan to increase wages statewide to $10 an hour.
Full Chicago City Council may tackle minimum wage hike to $13 as early as Tuesday morning.
Illinois' minimum wage may jump to $10, but people in Chicago back $13 -- and even $15.
Illinois this week could be headed toward two minimum wages — one for Chicago and another for the rest of the state — amid a high-stakes political battle at City Hall and the Capitol.
The City Council is scheduled to vote Tuesday at a special meeting on a plan by a re-election-seeking Mayor Rahm Emanuel to increase Chicago's minimum wage from $8.25 to $13 an hour by 2019. The proposal advanced after a hearing Monday stretched more than three hours.
In Springfield, supporters of a plan to increase the statewide minimum wage to $10 an hour searched for more votes in the Illinois House as lawmakers returned to town for the final scheduled week of session this year.
Minimum wage
Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune
Alds. Bob Fioretti, from left, John Arena and Nicholas Sposato stand behind members of Action Now and the Raise Chicago Coalition at a news conference Monday at Chicago City Hall. They support a $15 minimum wage.
Alds. Bob Fioretti, from left, John Arena and Nicholas Sposato stand behind members of Action Now and the Raise Chicago Coalition at a news conference Monday at Chicago City Hall. They support a $15 minimum wage. (Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune)
Emanuel's decision to quickly push through a city vote would allow the first-term mayor to try to grab credit on a politically popular issue despite intense opposition on one side from the city's retail and restaurant business community and the other side from labor advocates and political opponents who contended it didn't raise the minimum wage far enough.
The mayor's fast move also has created confusion in Springfield as business interests have pressed state lawmakers to prevent the city from having a higher rate than the rest of the state. But it's questionable at best whether there are enough votes at the Capitol to limit Chicago's minimum wage, and powerful House Speaker Michael Madigan on Monday ruled out such a maneuver.
Even so, the Chicago issue could be a factor jeopardizing passage of any state minimum wage hike. For his part, Emanuel has played off the talk of pre-empting Chicago's ability to raise the wage even higher to expedite a politically beneficial City Hall vote.
"What I wanted to make sure was that Springfield was not passing a minimum wage at the expense of Chicago residents," Emanuel told the Tribune on Monday, citing a higher cost of living in the city than the rest of the state.
8
"We put a lot of time — six months, a task force, recommendations — and I wasn't going to have all that work, let alone the goal of giving people a real raise here, fall apart at the last minute because of some effort to, by political interests, to in my view gut what we had worked on," he said.
With the Feb. 24 mayoral election looming and Emanuel looking to offset criticism that earned him the nickname "Mayor 1 Percent" from progressive groups, the minimum wage issue has demonstrable political support. Fully 88 percent of city voters embraced a nonbinding statewide proposal on the Nov. 4 ballot to increase the rate to $10 an hour by Jan. 1.
Emanuel's proposal doesn't go far enough or take effect fast enough, according to critics, including mayoral challengers 2nd Ward Ald. Bob Fioretti and Cook County Commissioner Jesus "Chuy" Garcia. They favor a $15 minimum wage in the city.
Fioretti labeled Emanuel's proposal "a nice start" but said that waiting to fully impose the $13 an hour rate until 2019 means families will remain "just pennies above the poverty line."
"The workers I've been with chant, 'Show me $15,' not '$13 by 2019,'" Fioretti said in a statement. "That means fighting for a $15-an-hour minimum wage today, which will both lift up Chicago working families and stop the state from limiting our ability to do the right thing."
Fioretti also criticized Garcia for not working to have Cook County pass a higher minimum wage. Garcia said he has long backed a city increase and that it's more appropriate to handle the issue in the City Council than at the county level.
It so sad that the people of this country are continuing to wait for a better income And while we have
missharrell50
155
The Chicagoland Chamber of Commerce, the Illinois Hotel and Lodging Association, the Illinois Restaurant Association and the Illinois Retail Merchants Association all criticized Emanuel for moving ahead with a city wage hike, saying it ran counter to the mayor's task force recommendation that no City Council action come before state lawmakers have a chance to act.
"This decision is about politics," the business groups said in a statement, contending Emanuel's "unilateral decision … virtually eliminates the possibility for a uniform, fair statewide increase that puts workers, businesses and communities all on a level playing field."
But Emanuel said it was the talk of pre-empting the city's right to enact its own wage rate that made him decide to act before state lawmakers so "Chicago's on record of what we think we need as it relates to a minimum wage, and that it stands the test of time."
Prior to the vote of the City Council's Committee on Workforce Development, representatives of the restaurant and retail groups stood alongside Aldermen Mary O'Connor, 41st; Tom Tunney, 44th; Michele Smith, 43rd; and Matthew O'Shea, 19th, in backing an alternative that would raise the rate to $10.10 by 2017. O'Connor and Tunney are business owners, while O'Shea said his Southwest Side ward borders suburbs where a higher city minimum could hurt business.
"A $13 minimum wage will decimate our job market and force thousands of small businesses operating along our borders to relocate," O'Shea said.
"When these businesses leave, they will take property and sales tax revenues with them, and they won't be coming back," O'Shea said. "Get used to vacant buildings and empty storefronts because we're about to have a lot more of them. At least we are in my neighborhood."
Also before the City Council committee was a plan to boost the city wage rate to $15 an hour over the next four years, with cost-of-living adjustments after that. It was initially co-sponsored by 21 aldermen — including members of the progressive caucus who say they are standing behind it but also won't vote against the mayor's proposal.
Emanuel's plan would start with an increase to $10 an hour on July 1, then 50-cent hikes in 2016 and 2017, followed by $1 increases in 2018 and 2019.
Every year after that, the minimum wage would go up by the increase in the local consumer price index, or 2.5 percent, whichever is lower. And if the unemployment rate tops 8.5 percent in any year after July 2019, there would be no increase.
Prior to returning to Springfield for the final scheduled days of the legislature's fall session, Madigan dismissed talk that lawmakers — if they act to raise the state wage — would take away Chicago's ability to do so.
"Without describing what we're going to do, we would not interfere with what they're going to do in the city," Madigan told the Tribune after watching his former top House lawyer get sworn in as an appellate judge. Asked if that meant Chicago would be allowed to have a higher minimum wage rate than the rest of the state, Madigan replied, "Yep."
Still, Madigan and other House Democrats acknowledged difficulties in coming up with votes needed to hike the state minimum wage rate.
"Well, we're working on it," Madigan said.
House Democrats have been looking at a plan similar to one sponsored by state Sen. Kimberly Lightford, D-Maywood, that would boost the state rate to $10 an hour next year. But the House plan also could include provisions such as a tax credit for small businesses and no increase in the minimum wage for those relying on tips, to appease the restaurant lobby.
Lightford said she doesn't want efforts to raise Chicago's minimum wage to undermine her work in getting a statewide bill passed.
"I don't want an argument to be that the city and state are at odds and therefore we don't move a minimum wage increase for the state," Lightford said. "I don't want to lose the vision we had for the state before the city decided it was going to go ahead and move forward. We need a wage increase across the state, and I'm trying to make sure we stay focused on that."
Tribune reporter Rick Pearson contributed. Long reported from Springfield.

Only interlocutors should speak on talks: FadnavisMamata Banerjee regime in Bengal most corrupt since Independence: M J Akbar
In a veiled attack on senior Shiv Sena leader Ramdas Kadam, Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis said “only the official interlocutors in the BJP-Sena talks should comment on the parleys.”
“My request is that if only those who are official interlocutors talk (to media), then the process will move ahead,” Fadnavis told reporters.
“See, it is like this. If you ask those who come to talk with us, you will know if there is a proposal or not,” the Chief Minister said, referring to claims by some in Sena that there was no “concrete proposal” from BJP on Sena’s participation in the state government.
Fadnavis, who held meeting with Sena leaders here last night, expressed confidence that a positive outcome would emerge out of the talks.
Two days after BJP formally resumed talks with Sena on the issue of joining the government, Sena leader Ramdas Kadam yesterday accused the estranged ally of “fooling” his party by purposefully dragging on power-sharing deliberations.
Kadam also alleged that BJP leader Eknath Khadse, who is the Revenue Minister, was trying hard to “topple” the Fadnavis government as he was not made the Chief Minister of the state.
The BJP had on Friday said it would talk to Shiv Sena with an “open mind” on the issue of the latter’s participation in the Devendra Fadnavis-led government in Maharashtra.
“We are going to meet Shiv Sena leaders with an open mind. We have been allies in the past and the Sena is also part of BJP-led government at the Centre,” Union Minister Dharmendra Pradhan had told reporters before leaving for ‘Matoshree’, the residence of Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray, where he held talks with Sena leaders for one and a half hour.
“Shiv Sena has been our natural ally. We will hold talks with an open mind,” Pradhan had said.
BJP has 121 MLAs in the 288-member House. The NCP, which has 41 MLAs, announced outside support to the state government, but some in BJP are wary of NCP chief Sharad Pawar and are making attempts to rope in Sena, which has 63 MLAs.
TAGS: BJP Shiv Sena Devendra Fadnavis
More from miscellaneous

RBI monetary policy live: Rajan holds key rates; cuts may come early 2015Rajan maintains status quo, but holds out rate-cut hope
Our Bureau
PHOTOS VIDEO
Raghuram Rajan, RBI Governor, firmly focused on inflation control.
PV Sivakumar The RBI has stood pat on the policy rate since January, when it increased the repo rate by 25 basis points to 8 per cent.
Bank stocks trading flat or marginally down
Mumbai, Dec 2:  
The RBI has decided to hold the rates.
The repo rate remains unchanged at 8 per cent. There are no changes in CRR either which remains at 4 per cent of deposits. The RBI has said it will continue to provide liquidity under overnight repos at 0.25 per cent of bank-wise NDTL (net demand and time liabilities) at the repo rate and liquidity under 7-day and 14-day term repos of up to 0.75 per cent of NDTL of the banking system through auctions; and continue with daily one-day term repos and reverse repos to smooth liquidity. ( Highlights of RBI monetary policy )
Markets reaction: The Sensex and the Nifty turned volatile post the announcement. It hit a low of 28,386.46 intra-day before recovering to 28,429, down by over 130 points now. Top banking stocks were mostly flat or marginally down. The State Bank of India stock was at Rs 317, down 0.55 per cent while the HDFC Bank stock was at Rs 940, down 1.10%. Axis Bank was at Rs 487, down -0.48% while ICICI Bank was trading at Rs 1758.90, up by 0.08% at about 12.15 pm. Bond yields hit a low of 7.99 per cent in trade today, the lowest level since July 2013. ( Track markets live here )
As the RBI Gov. says, call rates and bond yields have already declined since Aug. The banks have to now transmit this.
— lokeshwarri sk (@lokeshwarri) December 2, 2014
Hints at rate cut in 2014: The RBI Governor has held out the hope that there could be a cut in rates early next year. In the monetary policy review statement announced a short while ago, Rajan has said that a change at this juncture is premature.
Citing uncertainity about the public's inflationary expectations as well as the success of the government's deficit reduction efforts, he said monetary policy will have only a signalling effect for some time. He noted that the recent reductions in government securities yields, while indicating softer rates had not yet translated into lower lending rates by banks.
He did however say that if the current momentum on controlling inflation and inflationary expectation continues and if fiscal developments are encouraging, then a change is likely early next year, "including, outside the policy review cycle". It may be noted that the next policy review is scheduled for February 3, 2015. This will be just ahead of the next Union Budget scheduled for end Feburary 2015.
The central bank reasoned that administered price corrections, as and when they are effected, weaker-than-anticipated agricultural production, and a possible rise in energy prices on the back of geo-political risks could alter the currently benign inflation outlook significantly.
The RBI has stood pat on the policy rate since January, when it increased the repo rate by 25 basis points to 8 per cent.
On NPAs and promoters: There are large number of promoters who have taken genuine risks. Those situations have to be worked through. Some concessions will have to be given by banks and some promoters may have to give up control. Sometimes promoters stand in the way. We have to send a strong message there. If we speed up trials, debt recovery tribunals, it will help recover debt risks. We don't want to scare investors but at the same time banks need a mechanism to recover debt.
Growth target: RBI has kept the growth target for the current fiscal unchanged at 5.5 per cent. Our projections are for a steady pick up in growth going forward.
On inflation: Inflation target will be 4 per cent, plus or minus 2 per cent, the RBI Governor said. Moderate inflation is a must to sustain a healthy growth, he said.
According to Monetary Policy, Threats to infl. from poor north-east monsoon, removal of base effect and changes in cmdty prices remain.
— lokeshwarri sk (@lokeshwarri) December 2, 2014
New monetary policy: Raghuram Rajan said he hoped to finalise the new monetary policy shortly.
The RBI will come out with two measures on restructuring to tackle financial stress.
Rajan's message to India Inc: There is a misconception in corporate India that the RBI is not concerned about growth. Monetary policy will not affect growth this quarter. What we have seen is that for sustained growth we have to moderate inflation. It's very short sighted when people comment on growth. If you are investing are you bothered about rates this quarter. Corporate India should accept there's some positives. There is some confusion over what rates RBI is responsible for. Ability to to repay by corprates should not be attributed to the RBI.
Raghuram Rajan on payment banks: "I don't have a number on the licences. We have two expert committees which will appoint and we will go through that. My guess is that it will be certainly more than two. We need to ensure that there are a variety of participants so that we can learn from the experience. This will be a full fledged licensing process . We will do everything as fast as we can. So I would use 3 to 4 months as a benchmark in giving out the licences."
Defies populist call: The RBI Governor has been under considerable pressure from industry bodies besides the odd ministerial pronouncement suggesting that he cut rates and give a boost to growth. The slight fall in the gross domestic product (GDP) numbers for the last quarter which printed at 5.3% compared to 5.7% in the preceding quarter may have also added some heft to their pleas.
For once, the macro-economic indicators that the RBI usually quotes in support of its stance to hold rates firm are all in a favourable territory. Consumer price inflation (CPI) has been trending lower to 5.52% in october down from almost 11 per cent at the beginning of 2014. Oil prices have fallen precipitously to $ 67.53 a barrel from levels of $110 a barrel a year ago. This was also the level that has been assumed while framing the Budget earlier this year - and hence the gains on fiscal deficit and current account deficit can be inferred. Whether this favourable set of circumstances will sustain for the next year is still in the realm of guesses and this could be a factor that may hold the Governor's hand. The RBI Governor has been keen to win the inflation battle and bring down inflationary expectations in the country.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Sena inching closer to join BJP govt in MahaMamata Banerjee regime in Bengal most corrupt since Independence: M J Akbar
The prospects of Shiv Sena joining the first-ever Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government in Maharashtra brightened today with Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis saying that the talks on power sharing being almost complete and Sena also hinting at the “positive conclusion” of deliberations.
A senior Sena leader said the final outcome can be expected either by tonight, when Sena emissaries are meeting Fadnavis at his official residence ‘Varsha’ here, or tomorrow.
“The talks have almost reached a positive conclusion barring one ministry, which the BJP is not ready to give us,” the leader said on condition of anonymity without specifying the ministry in question.
“A final outcome will be reached at very soon,” the leader said.
The hint that the deal is almost sealed between ruling BJP and Sena came from the chief minister earlier in the day.
“Talks with Shiv Sena are going on. Even yesterday we had very positive talks. We are moving in the right direction. I am very sure we will be able to successfully conclude these talks. We can say that 70-80 per cent talks have been completed where both the parties agree..Somethings are left on which we are still discussing,” Fadnavis said.
His statement was echoed by senior BJP minister Vinod Tawde who said the final outcome will emerge in a day or two.
“The Chief Minister has made it clear that we wanted Sena with us in power. Talks on this issue have started. Whatever proposals have to be given to each other, that process has also started,” he said in Ratnagiri.
“I feel that today or tomorrow, something will be finalised and soon you will see Sena becoming a part of the government,” Tawde said.
According to the Sena leader the demands put forward by the party before BJP are “logical” and have no resemblance to media reports that Sena is asking certain ministries considered to be money spinners. “We have only demanded ministries through which we can connect to the people,” the leader said.
“When we were in power, we had given similar ministries to the BJP. Today when we are demanding the same ministries, what is wrong in that?” the Sena leader questioned.
The leader said it would be “fair” on part of BJP if it gives one third of the ministerial berths to Sena.
“We have given a list to BJP in which power, irrigation, environment, excise, tourism development, industries, water resources, law and judiciary, conventional and non-conventional energy, horticulture, health and family welfare and transport ministries have been included,” the leader added.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party Maharashtra Shiv Sena
More from miscellaneous

Pool Of Pentagon Contenders DwindlesPool Of Defense Secretary Contenders Dwindles
 |  By                                                                      JULIE PACE
reddit
WASHINGTON (AP) — Wanted: Thick-skinned candidate to oversee a sprawling bureaucracy bitten by budget cuts and join a national security team besieged by criticism. Must be tolerant of White House interference.
The job conditions for President Barack Obama's next defense secretary have already spurred some top contenders to bow out, leaving the White House with a slim list of candidates to fill the post for the administration's final two years. On Monday, Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson became the latest to tell the White House he wasn't interested in the job, according to people familiar with the process.
Johnson's decision to stay put at DHS is likely to deepen the impression that the Pentagon post — typically a highly sought-after Cabinet spot —is drawing little interest. The president's short list of contenders now includes longtime public servants who have deep Pentagon experience, but may be less likely to give Obama's national security agenda the jolt that critics — and increasingly some supporters — say is needed.
Top contenders include Ashton Carter, the former deputy defense secretary who left the administration in late 2013, and Robert Work, who now holds the Pentagon's No. 2 job.
That's a far shorter list than some in the White House had hoped when Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel resigned last week under pressure from Obama. Michele Flournoy, one of Obama's top choices, quickly took her name out of contention, in part because of concerns over the tight rein the White House has tried to keep on the Defense Department. Sen. Jack Reed, a Rhode Island Democrat and West Point graduate, also made clear within hours of Hagel's resignation that he wasn't interested.
Defense analyst Anthony Cordesman said that as Obama approaches the end of his presidency, the Cabinet post is "not particularly desirable" for anyone with broader political ambitions.
"It's very unlikely you will get political visibility or credit for being the secretary," said Cordesman, who works at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. "There are just too many problems and uncertainties."
Among them: questions about the effectiveness of Obama's military campaign against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, Russia's continued provocations in Ukraine, tensions between the White House and Defense Department over closing the Guantanamo Bay detention center, and concerns at the Pentagon with the impact of deep spending cuts.
Hanging over all of those policy concerns is the uneasy relationship between the White House and the Pentagon throughout Obama's six years in office. His first two defense secretaries, Robert Gates and Leon Panetta, have been bitingly critical about White House efforts to micromanage the Pentagon. And Hagel is said to have grown frustrated by the White House's drawn-out policymaking process and lack of clarity in the president's eventual decisions.
Lawrence Korb, a former assistant defense secretary, said that with just two years left in Obama's presidency, the next Pentagon chief will be hamstrung in efforts to shape both the administration's policies and the department's relationship with the White House.
"The clock is ticking in terms of being able to make significant changes," said Korb, a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress, a think-tank closely aligned with the White House.
Mindful that the window on Obama's administration is closing, some White House officials are pressing the president to name Hagel's replacement quickly. He could seek to have a nominee in time for a previously scheduled meeting Wednesday in Washington with combat commanders and other military leaders, though officials said that as of Monday, Obama has not made a final decision.
Carter, 60, is seen as the leading contender by many people with knowledge of how such decisions are made. He held two top jobs at the Pentagon during Obama's first term, serving first as the undersecretary for acquisitions and technology before being promoted to deputy defense secretary.
"He's a technocrat and a good manager," said Jane Harman, a former California congresswoman and now president of the Wilson Center. "He knows the acquisitions side of the building and has impressed the military with his commitment to the troops."
Work, a retired Marine, was confirmed earlier this year as deputy defense secretary. He also has ties to Obama, having served on the president's Defense Department transition team after the 2008 election.
Administration officials had been pushing Johnson, the Homeland Security secretary, as a candidate for the Pentagon job. Johnson is a favorite in the West Wing, where officials have praised the process he ran to provide Obama with recommendations for executive actions on immigration.
But Johnson's involvement in that effort risked turning his confirmation hearing into a referendum on the president's immigration moves, which Republicans staunchly oppose. A move to the Pentagon would have also pulled Johnson out of DHS just as the agency is implementing the executive actions he spent months crafting.
Despite the smaller than expected pool of candidates, analysts say it would still be difficult for many potential nominees to turn down an offer to join the Cabinet.
"Most people, if asked by the president, will respond," Cordesman said. "But when people like Michele Flournoy take themselves out of the running, you do have to say you may not have as many options as normal."
___
Associated Press writer Donna Cassata contributed to this report.
___
Follow Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC
Also on HuffPost:

Inflation in India close to post-financial crisis lows: NomuraAmong other factors that led to the decline in headline retail inflation include a significant fall in global agricultural commodity prices and strong base effects.
New Delhi, Dec 2:  
Japanese brokerage Nomura today said inflation levels in India are close to post global financial crisis lows, and retained its positive stance on the country’s stock market.
According to the global financial services major, the national accounts reveal that inflation rates across sectors in the country are close to post-GFC (global financial crisis) lows.
“Inflation across aggregate sectors is close to post-GFC lows; we reiterate our positive stance on the market and remain OW (overweight) on financials,” Nomura said in a research note.
The headline retail and wholesale inflation figures since July coincided with the collapse of global commodity prices, led by crude oil.
Among other factors that led to the decline in headline retail inflation include a significant fall in global agricultural commodity prices and strong base effects.
According to official figure, wholesale inflation came down to a five-year low at 1.77 per cent in October while retail inflation hit a record low of 5.52 per cent in the same month.
“We maintain our positive view on the market and overweight stance on financials,” Nomura said, adding that the Sensex is trading at around 7 per cent premium to its five-year average which “we think is not expensive”.
In August, Nomura had raised its BSE Sensex target to 30,310 for August 2015.
Stock markets have seen significant gains in 2014 and the BSE benchmark sensitive index (Sensex) has gained 7,268.23 points or 34.33 per cent so far this year.
The 30-share Sensex was trading 0.41 per cent down at 28,441.16 in the afternoon as the Reserve Bank did not cut the key interest rate, maintaining status quo at the monetary policy review today.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti stokes controversy with  abusive  remarksMamata Banerjee regime in Bengal most corrupt since Independence: M J Akbar
Union Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti has stoked a controversy by allegedly making communal remarks and using an expletive in an election rally here, leaving the BJP and the government embarrassed as an angry Opposition demanded that she be sacked.
The remarks that voters of Delhi should choose between “Ram’s sons” and “illegitimate sons” drew the ire of Opposition which protested in Parliament following which Jyoti expressed “deep regret” and apologised for her actions and said she did not intend to hurt anyone’s feelings.
The issue rocked both the Houses as agitated opposition MPs disrupted proceedings, seeking an explanation from the Prime Minister and demanding an apology from Jyoti, who is Minister of state for food processing industries and had joined the Narendra Modi Ministry early last month.
“The Prime Minister should give an explanation,” Congress leader Anand Sharma said.
BSP chief Mayawati said the minister’s remarks were against the secular ethos espoused by the Constitution and do not behold a person occupying a constitutional post.
The BJP should sack her, she said.
She and CPI(M) MP Sitaram Yechury demanded that an FIR be filed against Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti.
The Congress alleged that Jyoti had insulted the people of Delhi and she should issue an apology while the Aam Aadmi Party said it was the BJP’s real face.
“The divisive thinking and divisive politics of the BJP has been exposed,” Congress leader Ambika Soni said.
Niranjan was initially defiant saying she was only referring to the “anti-nationals” in her speech made in west Delhi yesterday.
“I was referring to the anti-nationals, those who compromise with its borders, its integrity. What else do you call people who loot the nation…? What should we call them? Why is it being objected to,” she said when questioned on the use of expletives.
Later, outside Parliament, the Minister was asked about demands for her resignation. “I have apologised and I have nothing else to say,” she replied.
BJP spokesman Sambit Patra said it was a “slip of tongue” and the issue should not be politicised.
Union Minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said those in the government and the opposition should use dignified langugage and in the past UPA ministers too had crossed the line many times.
Manish Sisodia of Aam Aadmi Party said, “This is the real character of BJP. Their language shows what kind of work they are doing at the Centre and what kind of work they will do for Delhi.”
The BJP said the issue should not be stretched after the Minister has tendered an apology. It also hit out at Congress, saying several of its leaders had made objectionable remarks in the past.
“But have they ever been asked to resign. When did Congress sack them from the party. And they are called experienced leaders while Sadhvi Niranjan has become MP for the first time,” UP BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpai said.
Jyoti has been elected from Fatehpur Lok Sabha constituency in Uttar Pradesh.
“My intention was not to hurt anyone. If my speech outside the House has hurt anyone, I express my deep regrets and accept…,” Jyoti said in Lok Sabha.
In Rajya Sabha, she said, “If certain words spoken by me outside the House have hurt someone, I take back my words and offer regrets. However, if the House feels so, I am also ready to seek an apology.”
Members of Congress, TMC, SP and other opposition parties rushed to the Well during the uproar over her remarks leading to four adjournments in Rajya Sabha and one in Lok Sabha during pre-lunch sitting.
Jyoti had earlier defended her remarks while speaking to the media and even commented that all the people in the country are “offsprings of Ram”.
“Those who have sold the country, made it bankrupt, people will not voter for such people. Taking Ram’s name, talking about Ram, is it communalism?
“Muslims offer namaz in mosques, we do no object. Christians pray in churches, we do not object. Then talking about Ram should not be termed as communal. And those who call me communal, I would say what could be more communal than this,” she said.
“Do you want a government of people who believe in Ram, a government that believes in people. And I would like to say one more thing, be it Hindu or a Christian in the country, he is an offspring of Ram. And those who refuse to believe this, will never believe in this country also,” she said.
Members from Opposition parties like Ram Gopal Yadav (SP), D Raja (CPI) and Sharad Yadav (JD-U) too said that the Minister’s remarks were “unconstitutional” and demanded that she should be sacked from the Council of Ministers.
However, Parliamentary Affairs Minister Venkaiah Naidu rejected the demand saying the matter has ended after the minister realised her mistake and apologised.
“She has realised her mistake and acknowledged it, so the matter ends there…. She told me that she never intended it, so I counselled her. What is wrong with it. As the Parliamentary Affairs Minister, it is my duty to coordinate among the ministers, opposition…,” he told reporters.
“She is a woman from an economically weaker background who has risen without all sorts of support,” he said, adding many Congress leaders have used objectionable words in the past and never even apologised.
At the rally yesterday, Jyoti had targeted Congress president Sonia Gandhi and her son-in-law Robert Vadra.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party BJP News Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti
More from miscellaneous

Chhattisgarh Naxal attackPhotos-India/Naxal...    Cached
A security personnel stands near the body of one of the victims of Maoist attack in a densely forested area in Bastar, about 345 kilometers (215 miles) south of ...

Kenya Red Cross attackattack-red-cross-628530    Cached
Nairobi, Kenya: Gunmen hurled grenades and sprayed bullets at a bar in the northeastern Kenyan town of Wajir late Monday, the latest in a series of attacks ...
kpisp.net/kenya-red-cross-attack.html    Cached
Kenya Red Cross Attack, At least 36 people are feared dead after gunmen staged a fresh attack on a quarry in northeast Kenya, the Red Cross said on Tuesday, the ...

Will file defamation case against BJP  says AAP chief Arvind KejriwalMamata Banerjee regime in Bengal most corrupt since Independence: M J Akbar
Former Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal today said his party will file a criminal defamation case against BJP which has alleged that AAP was diverting funds from NGOs of its leaders.
Kejriwal also challenged the BJP to disclose the list of their donors as his party has done and accused the saffron party of “terrorising” those who have donated money to AAP.
He also took a jibe at the media for “arbitrary coverage” of the allegations levelled by the BJP.
“Media has widely covered arbitrary and baseless allegations by BJP against our funding. We are filing criminal defamation against BJP.”
“I have been challenging BJP and Congress to disclose their list of donors (the way we do). Would media give similar coverage to us? For the first time, a political party (is) trying transparent funding n disclosing its list of donors. BJP trying to terrorise our donors. Fair?” the AAP chief posted on Twitter.
AAP had organised lunch for traders, with an entry fee of Rs 20,000. The party collected a whopping sum of Rs 50 lakh.
In a similar event held in Mumbai last Thursday, the party had fetched Rs 91 lakh, taking the total to Rs 1.41 crore in just two such events.
Accusing AAP of diverting funds from NGOs of its leaders, Delhi BJP had yesterday called for a probe into such events.
TAGS: Arvind Kejriwal BJP Delhi
More from miscellaneous

M&M  Bajaj Auto lose ground on declining November salesM&M, Bajaj Auto lose ground on declining November sales
Parvatha Vardhini C
Tweet
December 2, 2014:  
Even as many other auto makers have been reporting reasonably good sales in November 2014, Mahindra and Mahindra and Bajaj Auto remain on a sticky wicket.
The M&M stock has so far lost almost 5 per cent since yesterday, after disappointing sales in both tractor and utility vehiclesin November 2014.
Thanks to the high base of the previous year, end of the festival season, delayed rains, low yields and low crop prices prevailing currently, M&M recorded a 36 per cent fall in domestic tractor sales last month compared to November 2013. Its utility vehicles too have been having a bad run in recent times.
Utility vehicle sales
The linking of diesel prices to market rates and the shift in demand to compact utility vehicles such as EcoSport and Duster have been affecting the company. The company’s UV sales have dropped by 18 per cent last month, over November 2013. Since April this year, UV sales have so far dropped by 8 per cent.
Bajaj Auto too continues to underperform listed peers such as Hero MotoCorp and TVS Motors. The stock has lost almost 2 per cent today after it reported a 6 per cent drop in domestic motorcycle sales in November 2014, over the previous year. While its premium brand – the Pulsar – has been doing well, the company has been losing market share in the Discover brand.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Gold Sees Biggest Gain of This Year  Regains Rs 27 000 LevelsYou are here: Home Commodities
Gold Sees Biggest Gain of This Year, Regains Rs 27,000 Levels
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 02, 2014 15:28 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
New Delhi: Posting this year's biggest single-day rise of Rs 840, gold on Tuesday regained the Rs 27,000 per ten gram level, tracking a rebound in global markets.
In addition, a pick-up in domestic demand for the on-going wedding season also buoyed sentiment. Gold prices had lost Rs 730 in last six sessions but staged a strong comeback on Tuesday by rising Rs 840 to close at Rs 27,040 per ten grams, a level last seen on October 30. Gold prices were under pressure after the Reserve Bank of India eased imports curbs by scrapping the 80:20 scheme.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity zoomed up by Rs 840 each to Rs 27,040 and Rs 26,840 per ten grams respectively. Sovereign moved up by Rs 100 to Rs 23,700 per piece of eight gram.
Silver also recorded a significant gain of Rs 2,700 to Rs 37,000 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
In overseas markets, gold surged by 3.69 per cent on Monday, its biggest gain since September 19, to $1,218.10 an ounce. Traders attributed the rebound in gold prices to renewed buying interest after the recent selloff.
Globally, silver also surged 7.3 per cent to $16.69 an ounce on Monday, its biggest gain since September 2013. Besides, rising domestic demand from jewellers and retailers for the ongoing wedding season too influenced precious metal prices, traders said.
Story first published on: December 02, 2014 15:28 (IST)

Revised RBI s NBFC norms negative for small lenders: FIHPADec 02, 2014, 04.14 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Revised RBI's NBFC norms negative for small lenders: FIHPA
The Reserve Bank had on November 10 introduced stricter rules for NBFCs in a bid to bring the norms at par with those of banks.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Revised RBI's NBFC norms negative for small lenders: FIHPA
The Reserve Bank had on November 10 introduced stricter rules for NBFCs in a bid to bring the norms at par with those of banks.
Post your opinion here
 
Federation of Indian Hire Purchase Association (FIHPA) today said the recent revised RBI guidelines for Non Banking Financial Companies (NBFCs) are "negative" for small financiers.
FIHPA president Umesh Revankar said the minimum net worth for NBFCs was Rs 25 lakh pre-revision, but now all NBFCs are to attain a minimum net-owned fund of Rs 2 crore by March 2017.
"Similarly, the bad loan classification of 180 days has now been reduced to half, which will have a negative impact on NBFCs, especially those in hire purchase industry," he added.
Also read:  RBI holds rates; may cut early 2015 if inflation weakens
The regulator needs to give a special reconsideration to these small financiers catering hugely to small businesses and enterprises, he said, adding that till then, the perception of financial inclusion would remain far-fetched.
The Reserve Bank had on November 10 introduced stricter rules for NBFCs in a bid to bring the norms at par with those of banks.
These guidelines, which are to be introduced in a phased manner by April 2018, include requirement of higher minimum capital and reduction in the period for NPA.
Objecting to these revisions, the FIHPA has given a representation to the RBI indicating the impact of these guidelines on NBFCs and would soon be meeting Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in this regard.
RELATED NEWS

Sensex down 116 points as RBI maintain key bank ratesSensex down 116 points as RBI maintain key bank rates
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 2:  
Sensex dipped 116 points as the Reserve Bank of India maintained status quo on key bank rates against the market expectations of a rate cut.
The benchmark index opened on the lower side at 28,522 against the previous close of 28,560. It made a high of 28,576 and low of 28,386 before closing at 28,444. Turnover on BSE was up at Rs 3,332 crore against Rs 3,161 crore recorded on Monday.
The NSE Nifty was down 31 points at 8,525.
Many bank stocks gained in volatile trade after the RBI indicated that rate cuts may start early next year, provided the current inflation trend and changes in inflationary expectations continue. Interest rate sensitive auto and realty stocks declined.
Continuing its rally, Ashok Leyland gained two per cent to Rs 55 on Tuesday. The stock had gained 2.48 per cent on Monday after the company reported strong sales performance in November.
The company said its total sales rose 44 per cent in November to 7,732 units. Sales of medium and heavy commercial vehicle surged 92 per cent to 5,204 units. However, sale of light commercial vehicle declined five per cent to 2,528 units.
Three PSU oil market companies – HPCL, BPCL and IOC -- fell 1.06 per cent, 4 per cent and three per cent after the government hiked excise duty on petrol and diesel effective tonight.
As per reports, the government hiked excise duty on petrol Rs 2.25 per litre and on diesel by Re 1 a litre effective tonight. However, higher duties are unlikely to be passed on to consumers. This may impact margins of oil marketing firms, said reports.
The govt. ups excise duty on petrol and diesel yet again to make the most of crude oil decline to reduce the fiscal deficit. Is this fair?
— lokeshwarri sk (@lokeshwarri) December 2, 2014
Major gainers include Sun Pharma Advanced Research Company (10%), Wockhardt (9%), Bharat Electronics (9%), Raymond (9%), Jet Airways (8%), United Breweries (8%), Karnataka Bank (8%) and Allahabad Bank (6%).
Prominent losers were Infratel (-5%), Kailash Auto Finance (-5%), Srei Infra (-4%), BPCL (-4%), Balrampur Chini (-4%), Berger Paint (-3%) and Escorts (-3%).
Over half of the 30 Sensex constituents ended with losses led by GAIL (down 2.85 per cent), M&M (2.47 per cent), HDFC (1.51 per cent) and Hero MotoCorp (1.48 per cent).
Sectorwise, BSE IT index suffered the most by losing 1.48 per cent, followed by Auto 1.05 per cent and Oil & Gas 0.66 per cent, among others.
Global cues, however, were conducive as Asian bourses ended higher and Europe was better in its opening trades.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth net Rs 12.36 crore yesterday, as per provisional data.
Is the global economy heading for a slowdown? China’s PMI tumbles, factory output has slowed even in France and Germany in November…
— Rajalakshmi Nirmal (@crajalakshmic) December 2, 2014
European markets
European stocks rose amid an increase in M&A and as investors weighed stimulus prospects ahead of the European Central Bank meeting this week.
Stoxx 50 was up 11.73 points or 0.36 per cent at 3,244.64, FTSE 100 rose 77.70 points or 1.17 per cent to 6,734.07 and CAC 40 climbed 24.17 points or 0.55 per cent to 4,401.50.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Flexibility in restructuring bad loans good for banksDec 02, 2014, 05.19 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
'Flexibility in restructuring bad loans good for banks'
Arun Tiwari, chairman and managing director of Union Bank believes it augurs well for banks.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
'Flexibility in restructuring bad loans good for banks'
Arun Tiwari, chairman and managing director of Union Bank believes it augurs well for banks.
Post your opinion here
The RBI on Tuesday said that they are getting ready to give banks more flexibility in restructuring stressed loans which will facilitate recovery of stalled projects.
Arun Tiwari, chairman and managing director of  Union Bank believes it augurs well for banks.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Arun Tiwari's interview with Menaka Doshi and Senthil Chengalvarayan on CNBC-TV18.
Menaka: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) indicating that it wants to allow or permit banks to have a more than 10 percent equity exposure to a company or to a project of that company thereby allowing it to convert some of its stressed debt into equity. Do you see this as a big positive?
A: We will have to look this on a larger canvas. Typically when there is stress, bankers suffer. Now, when there is upside, if I am an equity holder let me have those fruits also. So, it augurs very well and we will be spread on both sides of it. Ultimately it is banks’ money, we give by debt or we participate via equity route it augurs well. It is a welcome step.
Menaka: There have been some instances where we have for instance seen that play out in Kingfisher Airlines where several lenders converted their debt into equity and I don't think it paid off for them. Now that is a unique stressed asset situation but do you really think that banks should be playing for the upside in what is a pure risk instrument as oppose to being higher up in the credit hierarchy as a lender and not as a shareholder?
A: That is one of the cases of thousands of thousands of cases. Now if one case goes wrong or doesn’t go the way it was expected to be we should not lose the broader side of the whole exercise and when we will be doing it we will be prudent enough we have to put in money via way of equity. Ultimately, it is my exposure on the company.
Menaka: You are saying there are instances even now where you would have preferred to convert some of your debt into equity that exceeds the 10 percent threshold but you are not able to because of that threshold. So, if the threshold is heightened or hiked that would be a welcome move?
A: That is right.
Menaka: What would you expect because the RBI has said that it is in conversation with Sebi to figure out pricing norms for something like this? What would you hope that Sebi allows in terms of pricing norms for such a flexibility to be viable in that sense?
A: We will also have a look on that. Whatever Sebi comes out with their guidelines in due course of time ultimately if it makes sense for us we will put in that money because at what price we put in the money, if we see value for money on a long term horizon certainly we will be in for it. If it doesn’t make sense may be we will be out of it. So, it will be case to case basis.
Senthil: Coming to today’s policy he is clearly given us an indication that his glide path to inflation is going to come down quicker than he had earlier said so 6 percent by March 2015. So, when do you see him cutting rates first?
A: Our stance has been very consistent since beginning of this financial year we always have maintained views on it that not before Q4. From regulators point of view they would also like to see that if growth happens on account of downward movement of the inflation it should be consistent there is no flip-flop.
Supposedly if looking to the market conditions which are saying whether we look at the bonds or we look at the commercial paper (CP) if they are moving downwards and then there is media saying that interest should be moved downwards but the fact remains there should be a consistency for a longer period otherwise this flip-flop if regulator reduces by 25 basis points it doesn’t make any sense.
Minimum cut should be of 50 basis points number one and it should be on that trajectory for times to come. Otherwise that flip-flop no borrower or nobody would like to have that today it decreased and tomorrow it is increased.
Senthil: Clearly the bond markets are looking at today’s announcements as a trajectory which is clearly going down and we are seeing that resultant play out on bond yields. What kind of benefits will a bank like yours get from drop in bond yields? Can you quantify for us what is it likely to be?
A: Only one thing, this quarter we can definitely say we have on our bond market side substantial amount of money because of this downward trend.
Union Bank stock price
On December 10, 2014, Union Bank of India closed at Rs 210.55, down Rs 1.8, or 0.85 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 259.60 and the 52-week low was Rs 100.60.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 30.88 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 6.82. The latest book value of the company is Rs 288.93 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.73.
RELATED NEWS

Autonomy founder to report HP to SECAutonomy founder to call in US regulators
Murad Ahmed and Jonathan Guthrie in London, Richard Waters in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/50efdaa0-7953-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stocks shaky as oil heads lower again2
"There's a whole lot of things going on, from the options trade in WTI to the position squaring in Brent, that's helping oil prices get some upward traction here," said Tariq Zahir, managing member at Tyche Capital Advisors in Laurel Hollow, New York.
European shares staged a late rebound as the ruble recovered much of the day's losses against the dollar. Traders pointed to comments by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, who said Russia had made constructive moves toward possibly reducing tensions in Ukraine.
Paul Mendelsohn, chief investment strategist at Windham Financial Services in Charlotte, Vermont, said markets will remain volatile, citing unresolved concerns over the ruble's collapse, Ukraine, Greek elections and declines in the stock markets of oil-producing nations.
"We are not out of the woods yet, far from out of the woods," Mendelsohn said, adding that attractive valuations in the energy sector turned the equity market around.
"There are many, many stocks, especially in the energy sector, that were just trading at absolute ridiculous prices to their fair market valuation. That is really what started the rally, when investors really started to come into the energy stocks," he said.
The FTSEurofirst 300 index of pan-European shares <.FTEU3> closed 1.9 percent higher at 1,315.19, while MSCI's all-country world index <.MIWD00000PUS> rose 0.6 percent to 406.04.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was up 65.48 points, or 0.38 percent, at 17,246.32. The Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 4.62 points, or 0.23 percent, at 1,994.25. The Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> was down 5.81 points, or 0.13 percent, at 4,599.35.
Brent crude cut more than half its losses. Brent  was down $1.16 at $59.90.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) futures  slipped 5  cents to $55.86 a barrel.
Tumbling oil prices spurred a fresh wave of safe-haven bids for U.S. government debt, sending the 30-year yield to its lowest in more two years as investors worried about how the plunge in crude prices might harm the global economy.
Benchmark 10-year Treasury notes rose 14/32 in price to yield 2.0677 percent, after yields earlier fell as low as 2.009 percent.
The dollar hovered at its lowest level against the safe-haven yen in roughly a month.
The euro was last up 0.56 percent against the dollar at $1.2506. The dollar was last down 0.47 percent against the yen at 117.25 yen.
(Reporting by Herb Lash; Editing by Dan Grebler)

Shiv Sena to get 12 ministries in Maharashtra governmentShiv Sena to get 12 ministries in Maharashtra government?
PTI Dec 2, 2014, 06.25PM IST
Tags:
BJP
(According to the pact, Sena will…)
MUMBAI: A day after Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis said the talks with Shiv Sena over power sharing were 70-80 per cent complete, a senior Sena leader today said both the parties have "buried" their differences and agreed on a "suitable" formula.
According to the pact, Sena will be alloted a total of 12 ministries in the Fadnavis government , out of which 5 will be of Cabinet rank.
However, the formal announcement in this regard is likely to be delayed in the wake of demise of Congress veteran and former Maharashtra chief minister AR Antulay today.
"After discussing our alliance with the BJP over last few days, we have finally decided on a ministry-sharing formula (which is) agreeable to both parties," said a senior Sena leader whose name is reportedly in reckoning among Sena inductees in BJP government.
"We have decided (with BJP) that Shiv Sena will hold 5 cabinet portfolios in the state ministry and 7 Minister of State portfolios," he said. He said the expansion of the state cabinet, slated for Wednesday, may get deferred by a couple of days after Antulay's death.
"We have to follow the protocol after the sad demise of Congress leader A R Antulay. The expansion will be deferred by at least a couple of days now, and thus we will be formally announcing the names of Sena ministers only when the cabinet expansion date is announced," he said.
Another Sena leader said ministries to be allotted to his party include Industries, Environment, Health, MSRDC (Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation) and Transport or Excise.
This is viewed as a tactical climb-down by Sena from its earlier stand wherein it had staked the claim for the crucial posts of the deputy chief minister and home minister.
However, senior Sena leader Subhash Desai who had held talks with Fadnavis last night said that talks between BJP and Sena leaders will continue today.
"We discussed several things last night," he has said. A Sena leader had said last night that talks with BJP have almost reached a positive conclusion barring one ministry.
When contacted a senior BJP leader said the formula - allotting 5 Cabinet berths and 7 state ministries to Sena - is indeed thrashed out. "However discussions are still on," he said on condition of anonymity as he is not authorised to speak to media.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ending the suspense: Mystery of Burdwan blast explainedComments
An explosion in West Bengal's Burdwan district killed two people on October 2. The incident hit national headlines because of allegations that a Bangladeshi militant organisation was linked and that it had got political patronage. HT explains the political battle between BJP and Trinamool Congress over the blast and who are the suspects.
What happened in Burdwan?
On October 2 a blast in a house in the Khagragarh area of Burdwan in West Bengal killed two people and critically injured a third person. The two dead men have been identified as Shovan Mandal and Shakil Ahmed, also known as Ghazi. The injured man has been identified as Abdul Halim, also known as a Hasan Saheb. Two women were also found in the house and later arrested. They are Ahmed's wife Rumi Bibi and Halim's wife Amina Bibi.
What do the authorities suspect was happening in the Burdwan house?
The investigators suspect the people who were living in the house belong to a Bangladeshi militant organisation known as the Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB). The JMB is opposed to the Awami League government of Sheikh Hasina in Bangladesh.
Investigators outside the house where the blast occued. (HT Photo)
What is the JMB?
The JMB is believed to have been formed in 1998 by an Islamic fundamentalist known as Abdur Rehman. It was relatively unknown till it claimed responsibility for 300 blasts across Bangladesh in August 2005. Its stated aim is to create an "Islamic state" in Bangladesh that is ruled by Sharia or the Islamic laws. It is also believed to have drawn inspiration from the Taliban in Afghanistan.
The main aim of JMB is to build a strong base with at least 100 full-time cadres in Malda, Murshidabad and Nadia districts. JMB leaders are believed to have visited these madrassas in July and August this year to strengthen its base in West Bengal.  These visits flow out of a resolution that was passed by the JMB's senior leadership during a training programme held near the Darul-Ulum-Majharul madrassa in Nawabganj, Bangladesh.
The house in Burdwan where the blast took place is believed to be one of the many modules that operate out of West Bengal.
What is JMB's connection to India?
For years Indian intelligence agencies have believed the JMB is using West Bengal as a sanctuary. They believe that JMB has established links with seven madrassas in state's border districts – Malda, Murshidabad and Nadia. Its primary objectives are to generate funds and sustain a recruitment drive. Indian intelligence also believes that seven madrassas are key to the JMB's plans. These are – Behadaha Ahle Hadees Shishu madrassa in Behadaha, Murshidabad; Mahadul Tawheed Motinunge madrassa, Ratua, Malda; Al Jemeahtus Salafia Darul Quran madrassa, in Kabilpur, Murshidabad; Dengel madrassa, Natida; Jamia Islami madrassa, Mayapur, Nadia and Vado Jamia Islajul Musemin madrassa, Ratua, Malda.
What was found from the house where the blast occurred?
The investigators found burned pamphlets that called for jihad. One of the pamphlets featured al Qaeda's current leader, the Egyptian doctor, Ayman Al-Zawahri. Most of the pamphlets address Mujahids and some the "…brothers in Chechnya." The investigators also found a DVD supporting the al Qaeda and the Chechen rebels. They also found a user manual for making advanced bombs, but most of the explosives that were recovered were quite crude.
What has the investigation revealed about possible terror attacks?
The investigation so far is largely based on revelations by the two women and links between the deceased men indicate a large-scale operation to make improvised explosives. The architecture of the bombs is similar to the ones used by Darbhanga module of the Indian Mujahideen to target a rally addressed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Patna before the 2014 general elections.
While this does not establish any connection between the IM and the JMB, it raises suspicions about the similarity in training between the two terror outfits.
The arrested women have also revealed that two men killed in the Burdwan blast were responsible for picking up raw material from Kolkata for manufacturing the bombs. A man, identified as Ali Kausar, picked up the bombs and distributed it to the other operatives.
Suspects in Burdwan blast taken into custody. (HT Photo)
He employed two people to carry the bombs to the Bangladesh border with West Bengal. They would take an early morning train from Burdwan carrying the bombs in large gunny bags. They would take a break and then travel by bus to Beldanga where they had a hideout for a night halt. From there they would proceed to Lalgola, which is right on the border, using rickshaws to a madrassa where the bombs would be handed over to their Bangladeshi counterparts. The NIA also arrested a Rohingya national from Hyderabad, Khalid Mohammed, raising concerns about an emerging alliance of terror outfits from the East.
What did the two arrested women reveal about the JMB terror module?
The women have said a religious leader operating from the Shimulia madrassa in Burdwan first contacted the members of the Burdwan module. This madrassa was also used as an indoctrination and training centre. This included physical fitness sessions, learning how to make grenades and the use of firearms. Investigators also suspect the madrassa had links with the Assam Jamaitul Mujahideen - a newly-created terror outfit. The training was imparted in three shifts, starting at 5am. Each training batch would have 15 youth who would also learn to make bombs at night.
Is there any connection between the blast and the ruling Trinamool Congress?
While there are reports about fund transfers between the controversial Saradha Group, believed to be close to the ruling TMC and the JMB, there is no evidence to support that claim. The only tenuous link that is on record is the fact that the local TMC unit in Burdwan was also housed on the ground floor of the same house.
Why is the state and Centre sparring over the incident?
The BJP-led government at the Centre believes the state government in West Bengal was scuttling the probe into the Burdwan incident. The initial tardy response of the West Bengal police led to spat between the two governments. The case was handed over to the National Investigation Agency (NIA) on the Centre's insistence.
The National Security Advisor (NSA) Ajit Doval also visited the area and met chief minister Mamata Banerjee to reiterate the seriousness of the threat from the JMB. The chief minister protested that while she welcomed the NIA probe, she was upset her government was kept out of the loop of the investigation.
BJP president Amit Shah, addressing a rally in Kolkata on Sunday, alleged there were linkages between the Burdwan blast investigation and the Trinamool Congress, but investigators say that such a link is yet to be established. Clearly, the case has now become a political war of words between the BJP, hoping to make gains in the state, and the ruling TMC.

BJP targetting TMC as it is playing main opposition role: MamataBanerjeeBy: Press Trust of India | Siliguri (wb) |
Posted: December 2, 2014 8:03 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 8:07 pm
Two days after BJP national president Amit Shah launched a vicious attack against the Trinamool Congress in Kolkata, TMC chief Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday hit back, saying the saffron party was targeting her party because it was playing the role of main Opposition in Delhi.
“Today Trinamool Congress is playing the role of main opposition in Delhi. That is why they are targeting us. Those in power in Delhi know Trinamool is their main opponent. But they cannot sweep us away with brooms,” She told a party workers’ meeting Siliguri.
The West Bengal chief minister called upon opposition parties to forge unity against the Narendra Modi government which, she alleged, “was trying to sell out the country”.
“They only make grand speeches. There is a limit to fooling people. The Centre is cheating people. They are diluting the 100 day’s rural guarantee scheme,” Banerjee said.
“Soon after coming to power the BJP hiked FDI in Railways, Defence. The reduction of prices of fuel in India is not at par with the reduction of prices in global market.”
“They are out to sell out the country,” she said adding, “I heard that the Centre has hiked the excise duty on petrol and diesel again. They deregulated prices of fuel.”
“I urge the opposition parties to unite against this government in Parliament. We will remain behind them. Let the government be strong and the Opposition be strong”, she said.
Banerjee ridiculed Shah’s challenge to uproot the TMC regime, saying a “party which cannot manage Delhi is trying to capture Bengal”.
“Who are they to tell us to go to Bangladesh? What do they know about the history and heritage of Bengal? You manage Delhi first. You eat Delhi’s laddoo first. One who eats Delhi’s ladoo repents and one who does not eat Delhi ladoo repents, she said.
She also targeted Tripura Chief Minister Manik Sarkar for inviting Narendra Modi to address his cabinet colleagues in Agartala, saying, “The CPI(M) has invited BJP to Tripura… CPI(M)-BJP bhai bhai. One is chhota bhai, the other bada bhai”.

Samsung to sell fibre optics business to focus more onsmartphonesBy: Reuters | Seoul |
Posted: December 2, 2014 7:56 pm
Samsung is exiting another non-core business to focus on shoring up underperforming key areas like smartphones.
Samsung Electronics Co Ltd agreed to sell its fibre optics operations to U.S. specialty glass maker Corning Inc, exiting another non-core business to focus on shoring up underperforming key areas like smartphones.
Terms of the sale, including plants in China and South Korea, weren’t disclosed. Announced by both parties on Tuesday, the South Korean firm’s second exit from a business line this quarter comes as it braces for its lowest annual profit in three years, squeezed by stiff competition.
The world’s top maker of smartphones has been caught between Chinese rivals like Xiaomi Technology Co Ltd at the low end and Apple Inc’s iPhones at the top. Samsung Electronics’ share of the global smartphone industry has shrunk year-on-year for the last three quarters.
“We have decided to sell our fibre optics business, in order to focus on our core business areas,” a Samsung Electronics spokeswoman said. The company declined to comment on how much revenue the division generates.
The firm also said in October it will halt its light emitting diode lighting business outside of its home country, which was also considered a non-core business.
Corning, which supplies glass for Samsung and Apple Inc smartphones, said the deal will strengthen its fibre optics business in the Asian market.

Cop shot dead  another injured in Meerut encounterCop shot dead, another injured in Meerut encounter
S Raju , Hindustan Times  Meerut, December 02, 2014
First Published: 18:46 IST(2/12/2014) | Last Updated: 19:55 IST(2/12/2014)
Comments
A constable was shot dead and another injured during an encounter with a criminal in Phateullahpur locality of Lisari Gate area in Meerut on Monday night.
Constables Ekant Yadav and Lokesh Bhati spotted hardcore criminal Noora riding a motorcycle at around 1.30am on Monday night and signalled him to stop. He, however, sped off and the cops chased him. After some distance Noora's motorcycle slipped and the cops caught up with him. The cornered criminal then opened fire on the constables and Ekant received a gun shot in his abdomen while Lokesh also sustained injuries. The cops also opened fire and criminal received serious injuries. 
Meanwhile, Lokesh informed neighbouring police stations and police force rushed to the spot. SP (City) Om Prakash Singh also arrived at the encounter site. The Injured cops and the criminal were taken to the nearby hospital where Ekant and the criminal succumbed to their injuries during treatment while the condition of Lokesh was stated to be out of danger.
Noora, 30, of Kankerkhera area, had 13 cases of loot and other crimes against him in Kankerkhera, Lisari gate and Sadar police stations. He was out on bail after being in jail for over a year.
Ekant Yadav, a resident of neighbouring Bulandshahar, had got married only three months' ago. "He was a hardworking and sincere cop," said Alok Sharma, IG, Meerut Zone , adding that "his last rites would be performed at his native village in Secundrabad area of the district."
Meanwhile, the sister of the criminal has blamed the police for killing her brother in a fake encounter.
Replying to the charges, the IG said: "Noora was a hardcore criminal and his elder brother too was a hardcore criminal while the sister was an associate in their crimes." He said she would also be booked for conniving with her brothers in criminal acts.
The IG, too, posed a question:  "If it was a fake encounter then how the constable sustained fatal injuries in it?"

Birla Sun Life Insurance fined for not paying over 4 lakh claimsBirla Sun Life Insurance fined for not paying over 4 lakh claims
Chrysler US sales up 20 per cent in NovemberChrysler US sales up 20 per cent in November
Kerala High Court quashes FIR against SwissnationalWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: December 2, 2014 8:25 pm
Kerala high court on Tuesday quashed the case registered against Swiss national Jonathan Baud, who had been arrested by Kerala police suspecting him to be a Maoist. He had attended a public meeting held to commemorate a suspected Maoist leader.
The high court flayed the approach of Kerala police, which several times failed to explain before the court about the alleged crime committed by the Swiss youth. Police had arrested him alleging that he had violated visa conditions and framed an offence under section 14(b) of the foreigners act.
The bench of Judge P Ubaid, which quashed the FIR, observed that the police had abused the process of law. He was a radical neither in India nor abroad, said the court.
A Left sympathizer and student of International Economic History at Paul Bairoch Institute of Economic History in Geneva, Baud fell into the hands of Kerala police, who identified a Maoist in the foreigner.
Baud and his friend Valerie were on tourist visa in India since July 1. While in Kozhikode on July 25, he saw a newspaper report about the commemorative meeting held for Maoist leader Sinoj at his native place Thriprayar in Thrissur. He went to Thriprayar and attended the meeting on July 28.
As the presence of a foreigner created curiosity in the meeting, he introduced himself. Post-meeting, he was arrested by police, who suspected him to be a Maoist. He was grilled by IB and state intelligence officials.
As police couldn’t establish Maoist links, Baud was charged under Section 14 (b) of the Foreigners Act, which pertains to any act in violation of the conditions of the valid visa issued for entry and stay in India.
Baud’s professors at Geneva University rushed letters to Kerala saying he is a genuine research scholar, who had shown interest in social movements there as well. His thesis guide Prof Mathieu Leimgruber said, “As a student representative of the faculty of social sciences, Baud had participated in a very committed way in several committees and governing bodies of the University of Geneva.” But, that did not help the youth to prove his innocence.
He has remanded in judicial custody, but was released on bail after 12 days. Later, he moved the high court, seeking an order to quash the case registered against him. As the hearings got protracted, his tourist visa had expired on September 16.
When the prosecution stuck to the stand that the youth had violated visa conditions by addressing the gathering, the court watched the video of his address. After going through the Malayalam translation of his speech, the court had observed that there was nothing objectionable in the speech that demands framing of the offence under section 14 (b) of the foreigners act.
Baud’s counsel P Raveendranath said the police could not still pinpoint the offence against him. The police had earlier told the court that Baud had made a 15-minute speech at the meeting. After watching the video, it was clear that his address confined to mere self-introduction. There was nothing incriminating in the case continued…

http://usat.ly/1yeykJrFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
How a groundbreaking device is helping Stephen Hawking communicate
SANTA CLARA, Calif. -- Actor Eddie Redmayne spent time in Intel Labs recently to learn about new technology that helps Stephen Hawking better communicate.
Post to Facebook
How a groundbreaking device is helping Stephen Hawking communicate SANTA CLARA, Calif. -- Actor Eddie Redmayne spent time in Intel Labs recently to learn about new technology that helps Stephen Hawking better communicate. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1rSfeIK
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
How a groundbreaking device is helping Stephen Hawking communicate
Jon Swartz , USA TODAY 7:19 p.m. EST December 2, 2014
Actor Eddie Redmayne spent time in Intel Labs recently to learn about new technology that helps Stephen Hawking better communicate. VPC
Actor Eddie Redmayne was given a demo at Intel.
(Photo: Intel)
1284 CONNECT 175 TWEET 49 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SANTA CLARA, Calif. — Eddie Redmayne is learning about much more than the beguiling life of Stephen Hawking, whom he plays in the recently released biopic Theory of Everything.
At Intel Labs here, the Tony-winning actor is on hands and knees to get a better look at a specially tailored communications system for Hawking, who has a motor neuron disease (MND) related to ALS that has worsened over the years, rendering him nearly paralyzed.
Q&A with Stephen Hawking
The new system — called ACAT (Assistive Context Aware Toolkit), created by a team that includes scientist Lama Nachman — was announced Tuesday by Intel. Its goal: To help millions like Hawking more easily communicate.
"Absolutely extraordinary," says Redmayne, whom audiences may remember as the earnest movie set assistant in My Week with Marilyn. "It is the best possible use of technology that professor Hawking uses. These people (pointing to Intel scientists) are among the most interesting I've ever met."
Stephen Hawking with actor Eddie Redmayne.
(Photo: Liam Daniel, Focus Features)
For Redmayne, Hawking was a mythical figure in Cambridge, where the then-Trinity College student would sometimes spot the legendary figure.
In researching the life and times of Hawking, the English actor immersed himself in the complex theories that made Hawking world famous in the fields of theoretical physics and cosmology.
"I tried to learn the intricacies and minutiae of his theories, which was overwhelming and intimidating," he says. "But when I met him, his humor and sense of mischief was immediately apparent. He has this lord of misrule quality."
Intel developed the technology with input from Hawking, with whom it has a longstanding relationship.
“ The development of this system has the potential to improve the lives of disabled people around the world.”
Stephen Hawking
"Intel has been supporting me for more than 25 years, allowing me to do what I love every day," Hawking said in an e-mail to USA TODAY. "The development of this system has the potential to improve the lives of disabled people around the world."
MND and quadriplegia affect more than 3 million people worldwide, causing deterioration of voluntary muscle activities for speaking, walking, swallowing and body movement. It eventually leads to death.
Actor Eddie Redmayne is shown Intel's new communication technology by engineer Lama Nachman.
(Photo: Intel)
The new Intel user interface operates like an engine. A sensor mounted on Hawking's cheek is detected by an infrared switch attached to his glasses, helping Hawking select a character on his computer. A customized version of the popular SwiftKey app has greatly improved the system's ability to predict his next characters, words and actions so he only has to type the first few characters of a word. That information is relayed to his speech synthesizer.
To search the Web, for example, Hawking previously had to take lengthy routes: Exit from a communication window, navigate a mouse to run the browser, navigate the mouse again to the search bar, and finally type the search text. The new system automates all of these steps seamlessly and quickly.
The customizable platform will be available to researchers and developers in January.
During a 20-minute demo at Intel, Redmayne could barely suppress his enthusiasm for the technology. "Not only do I get to play an amazing person on film, but I get an education in some really incredible stuff, right?" he said, smiling.
1284 CONNECT 175 TWEET 49 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1rSfeIK
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer still on the run | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

US Construction Spending Climbs 1.1 Pct in OctoberIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Shiv Sena to get 12 ministries in Maharashtra govtShiv Sena to get 12 ministries in Maharashtra govt
Panel wants tax on cash withdrawal beyond limitI-T department
(A high level official panel…)
NEW DELHI: A government-appointed committee has suggested that fringe benefit tax (FBT) and Banking cash transaction tax (BCTT) be reintroduced to widen the direct tax base and counter black money. In its third report, submitted to finance minister Arun Jaitley, the tax administration reform commission, headed by Parthasarathi Shome, has urged the government to bring back FBT, which was scrapped in 2009 by the then finance minister Pranab Mukherjee. "This is a good temporary administrative measure for enhancing tax collection, until rising income tax collection makes it unnecessary," the panel said in its report.
FBT was introduced in 2005-06 as tax paid by employers on employee benefits that do not form part of the salary. The tax was levied on a prescribed portion of the expenditure on "fringe benefits" such as employee stock options, or Esops, entertainment, festival celebrations, gifts and running of cars and aircraft.
The panel has also favoured reintroduction of BCTT, saying there is no instrument that captures details of cash withdrawals from bank accounts, other than savings accounts. "The availability of such information would help the I-T department widen its information base on the use of black money since excessive cash withdrawal can help it understand the extent of the cash economy," the report said, adding BCTT should be reinstated as an effective administrative measure.
To cut down on cash transactions, the committee said municipalities should be encouraged to bridge the gap between the circle rate used by them for property valuation for tax imposition and the market value of properties (even allowing for a lower property tax rate) and increase the digital footprint of transactions.
"Cash economy is a major problem in the Indian economic system as large-scale transactions reportedly take place in cash, especially in land dealings and the construction sector," it said in the report. The panel also suggested that the government do away with tax amnesty schemes. "Taxpayers keep waiting for amnesty schemes to be announced and take advantage of these schemes to build their capital," the panel said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Growth unlikely unless governance model changes: EnamLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Growth unlikely unless governance model changes: Enam
Vallabh Bhanshali, founder and chairman of Enam Securities believes it is time to change India’s self image and create and environment for new businesses
Post your opinion here
 
In the affairs of the government, what happened last time and other such factors take precedence over the issue at hand and it is very difficult even for the greatest of the leaders to bring about change, says Vallabh Bhanshali, founder and chairman of Enam Securities. He is a firm believer that healthy growth is unlikely unless the governance model is changed.
He says despite the economic growth, it will be imprudent to forget about employment challenges.
He believes it is time to change India’s self image and create and environment for new businesses. He also feels that on the divestment front, there is a need for out of box thinking.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Vallabh Bhanshali's interview on CNBC-TV18
Senthil: I want to ask you to put on that investment banking hat of yours, the merchant banker that you were. You told us that it is the people behind the business that you look for. So, clearly Narayana Murthy and Nandan all of them struck a cord in you. You clearly inspired by the current prime minister. If you were to take India public, we already undersell ourselves. So, what would be the premium you would ask India to seek from the world?
A: When you take companies public you have to also time yourself. So, I will raise alternative resources till I am able to really create an image which may be 15-18 months out. It is too early, we are disengaging from the past, some of the problems have to be solved. So, real action can begin only in another 12 months or so. Once that happens I would ask for a very high PE.
Senthil: What PE would you ask for India? You said we need to raise about USD 50-100 billion.
A: Anywhere probably in the range of 20.
Senthil: That is more than what the market is valued today..
A: When the company is as large as India that PE has a different meaning.
Senthil: You thought USD 50-100 billion you said we need to raise that. The caution was we need to raise that in the next 3-4 years otherwise we miss the bus. You also said we will have to think out of the box. You gave us some idea of how do you think out of the box but just elaborate on how can India think out of the box?
A: For example, when it came to divestment, we have had three ideas and we have seen the way divestment happens. Typically, if you are a listed company the stock goes down. I cannot discuss specific ideas but I am just giving you the problem areas. Typically, we see price slide down dramatically or the government has had to resort to inter company holdings like IOC ,  ONGC etc or we have seen large dividends out. Then we think out of the box.
I talked about railways and ports and so on and have we attempted that can we say for example typically in an infrastructure company or a private company you have a situation where you sell an existing business to build another one. Has the government done anything like that? Can we do something like this? We have huge assets that probably could be privatised. So, it may not be appropriate for a public forum to discuss more specifically. So, both in terms of divestment, in terms of bonds, in terms of engaging with the sovereigns on the other side, I think our engagement in G20 or now on a global level is of a very different order now where we don’t have to go out with a begging bowl, can I make more complex deals? So, the victory we have had at the WTO, we have been seen both as a principle player and as a facilitator without giving our quarter has raised our respect. The fact that Obama is coming here has raised our respect. This whole premium enhancement by the man of the moment has been happening and the financing has to follow. If the financing doesn’t follow then may be we will miss the boat.
Q: While the rest of the world always says get out of – just take your money and let others do everything. You said government should give an example, sell some business to start a new business. When you say business you obviously mean areas. What areas do you want the government in where it is not today?
A: I think improving the human stock, safety, health, skills. When I say health I am talking about sanitation and so on and providing the facilitation for building infrastructure rather than building it all one self. I think those are the prime areas where we need to use those funds.
Q: You have got great faith in Modi. You have said governance by deadline, governance by online and nation before mind those are the only three and you need those three. It is not easy even for one man as popular as Modi. It means you got to breakthrough vested interests of tremendous order. Has the mood in the nation changed that the nation will back him to do that?
A: Some times the way to handle a congestion is to bypass it. If you see, Modi consistently has developed a sloganeering not for the sake of it but as a strategy. He said development is my only agenda and can I make these people instead of engaging with them in their rules and their arena, can I change the battleground? Can I let their imagination move from their day to day tasks to something else where there is no convention, there is no precedent, there is no law and you have to rewrite the law etc and it is possible. I cannot get into specifics but I have seen some of this.
Say for example the history of Electricity Act 2003. When the Electricity Act was passed, it changed so many things. How in one go large amount of debts were settled and a future course was created. If you talk about open access, you talk about all the solutions that people have been struggling for, they completely are ready to engage at a different level. So, you have to deal with things in a more imaginative manner and I think we have enough precedence and more will be done.
Q: You set out that yes we can grow, if we do the following things we can grow. Let us assume we do it. We therefore enter into what many think we will enter into a multi year bull run. You have also said we need a lot of investment, I know you are not only talking about investment in the stock markets but let me just come back, we are woefully under invested in the stock market. Indians as a class are woefully under invested in the stock market. There are lot of people out there who if they want to secure their financial future it is time they got into the markets. How should they go about it?
A: We have to create an environment for new businesses. It is new businesses that create massive amounts of wealth not established companies. So, we need a lot of them. So, whether through IPOs, through private equity, through funds who are much larger participants, like the government has announced Rs 10000 crore fund for start-ups. However we haven’t heard any meaningful follow up. One follow up I heard was that the banks will give surplus funds to SIDBI which will be the anchor investor and may be ebb the difficulties.
It speaks volumes of the intent of the government but I think we all collectively need to put the pressure on the government, give them feedback. If the government is ready to receive feedback then this Rs 10,000 crore has to become Rs 1,00,000 or ideally why should the government be doing this. We don’t want government in enterprise primarily. Why can't society find methods? Why can't we as opinion makers create a facility where this amount is Rs 1,00,000 and we really become large angel investors in many businesses. That is how we spawn a lot of new enterprises and they go public and that is how people will come. So, it is the lack of IPOs and whatever happened.
One other feature of typical start-up is that they beat rent seeking. I think we went down seriously by rent seeking I guess. So, we need to create counter rent seeking also. So, multiple things, I think without that new class of companies, new class of investments, people will again go back because the market is so expensive, either they make mistakes, create a trash or they go to alternative methods.
Q: A question we have been debating through the day. Has the commodity super cycle really ended in your opinion?
A: It is very difficult to say where these cycles begin and where they end. However for the time being given how liquidity was being created, how liquidity was being managed and the power of the powers that be I think money was a large part of commodity cycle and I think that money has indeed moved. I don’t see things falling in one fell swoop but I do see that the great vision that we had only three years ago that nothing will be available I think clearly has gone.
RELATED NEWS

Best bet: Spot opportunity stick to it  say expertsLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Best bet: Spot opportunity & stick to it, say experts
Raamdeo Agrawal, joint MD of Motilal Oswal Financial Services is a great believer of power of value migration.
Post your opinion here
 
Rome wasn’t built in a day – is what most successful investors, brokers and traders will tell you as their pet investment philosophy. So it doesn’t come as a surprise when the likes of Raamdeo Agrawal, joint MD of Motilal Oswal Financial Services or Manish Chokhani, Director Of Enam Holdings tell you that when you spot a great investment opportunity, put your money in it, stick to your conviction despite what others might tell you and hold on to it for dear life.
But digging deep, there are many other philosophies and theories that these great minds swear by. For Agrawal it is the power of value migration. He says huge value migration is already underway and the next value migration is happening in globalization of generics.
One of his best investment decisions is bet Hero Honda. He adds it is a classic example of value migration – in the 1980-90s, it was all about scooters and he spotted a great story in the motorcycles segment and believed that the combined capacity of Hero and Honda would be unbeatable by anyone. His investment continues to pay him rich dividends till date.
He says one of his worse decisions was to sell  HDFC Bank .
Manish Chokhani, director of Enam Holdings believes it is important to spot them young. He says equity is about rate of change and young people create change. According to him, it is less about the sector and more about the company or the person running the show. Typically, CEOs in their 40s are the people to bet on, they have the enthusiasm and energy of the 30s and the wisdom of the 50s.
Chokhani also has an interesting Holi-Diwali philosophy. According to him, there are all those stocks which are meant to be bought cheap and then sold off – buy in Diwali and sell by Holi or vice-versa.
Another big name to reckon with, Ramesh Damani, member of the Bombay Stock Exchange says it is important to make the right investment decisions and then be patient and let them pay you rich dividends. Staying power is one of the most important things, according to him. He adds great businesses will go through periods or cycles, but investors need to sit it out.
Damani believes there is still huge opportunity to earn healthy returns from equities. He adds that investor needs to think like he/she owns the company. He says Warren Buffett had once famously said that believe that you are buying a piece of the business, believe you are the owner of the business. He adds that wealth is created by people who sit it through.
Madhu Kela, Chief Investment Strategist at Reliance Capital says if you (investor) really identify a theme or individual who is really very passionate, then success is just round the corner – bet on the theme or the person. One of his greatest decisions was to invest in Divi’s Lab . At the time of listing, the company’s market cap was Rs 140 crore and it is now Rs 2400 crore.
Kela says one of the most difficult things in the stock market is to digest profit.
RELATED NEWS

What Harvards housekeepers tell us about inequalityBy Lydia DePillis December 1 Follow @lydiadepillis
Delmy Lemus, a housekeeper at the Harvard-owned DoubleTree Suites hotel, has been fighting to join a union for a year and a half. (Photo by Jonathan Wiggs/The Boston Globe via Getty Images)
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. — A couple of miles from the campuses of Harvard and MIT, in a curl of parkways and railroads, the 308-room DoubleTree hotel towers over the Charles River. The lobby inside is gleaming and vaguely academic, with vintage books artfully placed on wall shelves and abstract sculpture hanging from the ceiling.
Upstairs, starting at 3 in the afternoon and continuing late into the night, Delmy Lemus races to clean 14 large suites. Making two beds each, plus sometimes a roll-away and a sofa bed that take all her strength to pull out, she barely has enough time to finish.
“Sometimes when you are running, running, to do the work, you can’t do a hundred percent,” said Lemus, 33, who’s been a housekeeper there for six years. Once, she tripped and fell and broke her nose, while running in between rooms. Before that, she had worked more than eight months into a pregnancy, wedging her growing belly between beds and the wall, because she couldn’t afford to take time off.
Ultimately, Lemus hurt her spine by bending over while pregnant, and had to take three months off on a disability claim. (She said the insurance offered through the hotel is too expensive.) “It was so hard, so painful,” Lemus said. “When you are pregnant, your body is very tired, and you need the job to pay rent.”
But Lemus knows not all housekeepers have it so hard, including some of her colleagues who perform the same jobs. She’s heard from others who work at unionized hotels downtown, where the work is less brutal, and the rewards greater. The differing experiences are a stark indicator of how in an age of rising inequality, workers in similar professions can receive different wages and protections based on who they work for, and whether they’re unionized or not.
“I have a friend, they told me it’s a big difference working with a union and without a union,” Lemus said. “And they say ‘don’t stop, keep fighting, because it’s your benefits, your rights to have a better place to work.’”
Life is also a little easier for employees even within the entity that owns the building where Lemus works — Harvard University, which bought the DoubleTree in 2005 and now uses it to host conferences and give alumni discounts.
People who work in food service at Harvard, both employees of a contractor called Restaurant Associates and those employed directly by the school itself, are members of UNITE-HERE Local 26. After two years, the union said, they earn $21.73 per hour on average, while for many years the DoubleTree housekeepers earned only about $15 an hour. Last year, housekeepers at the hotel mounted a push to join Local 26 as well. Hilton, which owns DoubleTree, bumped salaries to $18 an hour — but has so far managed to avoid a unionized workforce.
Despite the salary increase, the DoubleTree workers still trail Harvard’s own employees in benefits. DoubleTree housekeepers also make less than those who work for unionized hotels in Boston, whose contract limits the number of rooms they clean to about half of what Lemus does.
Employees at unionized Boston hotels also earn another $9 worth of benefits — contributions to a health-care plan, defined-benefit pension, housing down payment assistance, educational programs, and legal help — on top of the $18.51 they receive per hour. According to a survey by Harvard senior Gabriel Bayard , DoubleTree workers pay on the order of $280 per month for health-care coverage, while Local 26 members who work at Harvard pay $48 for a family plan.
Lemus and other workers involved in the organizing campaign think that Harvard — which prides itself on its relationships with the seven different unions that represent its various employees — should be able to tell its tenant, Hilton, to step back and let its employees organize.
“They do whatever Harvard says, because Harvard is the big boss,” Lemus said. “So why they do this? They are hiding. They don’t want to show their face.”
Harvard disagreed: Spokesman Kevin Casey says that the university doesn’t have a hand in how the hotel’s workers are treated, since they’re Hilton’s employees.
For its part, Hilton spokesman Mark Ricci said the company doesn’t believe most of the DoubleTree employees want to unionize, and contends that it provides “some of the best jobs in the industry.” And that actually may be true — some of Hilton’s own hotels in Boston are covered by UNITE-HERE’s contract as well.
This situation — in which workers in similar professions, even in the same city, can earn a wide range of wages — describes a labor market phenomenon that’s deepening inequality in America. That trend has been the subject of countless books, articles, and speeches over the past several years, as the economy has added far more low-wage jobs after the 2008 recession than well-paying ones. What Lemus has experienced is the consequence of something that’s been going on for much longer.
In September, Harvard economics professor Richard Freeman   co-authored a study  based on Census data looking at how wage inequality is growing. It’s basically happening in three ways: Across industries, across firms, and within firms.
About a third of the rise in income inequality, Freeman said, has happened on account of whole industries pulling apart from each other. Wages for people in education and health services jobs overall — say, Harvard’s professors and graduates from its medical school — have grown faster than wages for hospitality workers, for example.
The next dimension of income inequality growth comes when companies employing workers in the same industry start to pay different wages. That can happen when companies have different social expectations for what workers with similar skills should earn, like Harvard and Hilton; or when they have different management philosophies, like Wal-Mart and Costco. Some firms are just more profitable than others, allowing them to pay higher wages — Harvard has more money to recruit star professors, for example, which might lead to even more revenue down the road.
Finally, Freeman said, establishments within firms are paying a wider range of wages, usually because some workplaces are unionized and some are not. That describes how a Hilton housekeeper at a hotel in the Allston neighborhood could be paid a few dollars less per hour than another Hilton housekeeper who works in the financial district. “It’s almost that when you have an expanding universe,” he said, “the stars get further apart.”
In a perfectly efficient labor market, many of these kinds of differences shouldn’t occur. Workers with similar skills should be paid a similar wage. “Supply and demand is supposed to cross at a single point, and it’s not doing that, which is a puzzle,” Freeman said. So what’s going on?
The answer: Lots of things.
Partly, the divergence in wages has to do with the decline in unions, which used to be able to enforce much stronger and more narrow wage levels within sectors, keeping wages from going both very low or very high. In 1983, unions represented 15.4 percent of workers in the hospitality industry, and now it’s 8 percent.
Union density actually has risen lately in Boston, according to UNITE-HERE Local 26 president Brian Lang, who has been working to unionize the DoubleTree workers. But it still languishes at around 50 percent, with most hotel chains fighting unionization of their newer properties, since signing a contract with Local 26 can require paying out millions more per year in salary and benefits.
The other major factor, though, is something deeper and more complicated. Earlier this year, former Boston University professor David Weil described the phenomenon in a seminal book called “The Fissured Workplace,” coining a term for the growing separation between workers and the companies that ultimately control the conditions of their employment.
Here’s what this looks like in practice: Companies contract out work to other firms that compete to give them the lowest price, which means paying lower wages and little in the way of benefits. In the hotel industry, that’s happened as hotels have franchised — according to Weil, that’s happened with 80 percent of the industry — and sold off their real estate to investors. In the Harvard DoubleTree situation, the physical owner of the hotel and the operator of the hotel are different companies. Hospitality unions argue that property owners ultimately calls the shots, but they can be more difficult to pressure.
“I see Harvard as a financial institution first, and they do some educational work on the side,” says Lang, of UNITE-HERE. “At least dealing with a private equity company, they’ll say it’s a matter of the bottom line.”
But the fissuring often goes even further, with hotel operators contracting out their own services in order to cut costs. In 2009, for example, Boston’s Hyatt hotels fired all their relatively well-compensated housekeepers and replaced them with workers provided by a staffing firm, which paid near minimum wage.
When you layer those forces on top of an employment situation where way more people are looking for work than there are total jobs available — making it difficult to bargain up wages at less-generous employers — the end result is a situation where two people in the same line of work can be required to take on different occupational risks for wildly varying financial rewards.
For Lemus, and her other colleagues who have been asking the DoubleTree management for a year and a half to stay neutral while they work toward an election, it’s not only about an hourly wage — it’s about doing a job without feeling like your body will break down because of it.
Local 26’s members, for example, have the benefit of workload and safety committees where they can raise issues like how heavy the sofa beds are, and whether they might be lightened for the sake of a housekeeper’s back.
“They don’t care about the workers. they just care about the job being done,” Lemus said. “We need to feel safe working, that we are not going to have pain.”
Lydia DePillis is a reporter focusing on labor, business, and housing. She previously worked at The New Republic and the Washington City Paper. She's from Seattle.
Next up

Offer for sale: Retail investors get one more bidding optionBesides, making price bids, retail investors can opt for the cut-off
Mumbai, December 2:  
Sellers going in for the offer-for-sale (OFS) route through the stock exchanges may give an option to retail investors to place a bid at the cut-off price, in addition to price bids.
This has been done to make it easy for retail investors to participate in the OFS mechanism, said a SEBI circular.
For doing this, sellers have to mandatorily announce the floor price by 5 p.m. a day prior to the OFS. Exchanges would decide the quantity of shares to be earmarked for the retail portion based on the floor price.
There would be no indicative price for the retail portion of OFS, and retail investors have the option to enter a price bid or bid at the cut-off price.
Margins to be brought in would be computed at the floor price for bids placed at cut-off price. For price bids it would be computed at the value of the bid.
Allocation to retail investors would be done based on the cut-off price determined in the non-retail category with the option of offering a discount to the cut-off price resting with the seller.
Retail bids below the cut-off price would be rejected and bids at cut-off price would be proportionately allocated in case of over subscription. The unsubscribed retail portion after allotment would be available for the non-retail category.
Clearing corporations should collect margins to the extent of 100 per cent of order value in cash or cash equivalents with pay-in and payout taking place according to normal secondary market transactions.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Cold chains can prevent Rs 13 600 cr-worth ...Agriculture
(Lack of cold and frozen supply…)
MUMBAI: Lack of cold and frozen supply chains leads to loss of fruits and vegetables worth over Rs 13,600 crore annually in the country, according to a report.
The report 'A Tank of Cold: Cleantech Leapfrog to a more food secure world' by UK-based Institution of Mechanical Engineers calls for urgent action to encourage roll-out of sustainable cold chains in India to prevent unnecessary food loss, help alleviate hunger and improve global food security.
As much as 50 per cent of perishable foot items are lost every year in India due to lack of cold storages, it said.
India is the world's largest producer of milk, and second only to China in fruit and vegetables. Yet agriculture , which makes up 53 per cent of the workforce, generates just 15 per cent of GDP.
As of 2012, India had about 6,300 cold storages with a capacity of 30.11 million metric tonnes. But about 60 per cent of them are located in Uttar Pradesh, Gujarat, West Bengal and Punjab.
The Indian government as well as NGOs involved in development initiatives and retailers need to prioritise investment into affordable, reliable and sustainable cold chain, said the report.
"Using the cryogenic engine technology to provide cooling of large refrigerated lorry or rail containers will cost between a fifth and a third of using diesel for the same job. It has the added benefit of zero-emission of pollutants...
"When combined with the increased income to farmers from getting more produce to market, this makes economic as well as environmental sense," it said, adding that India is well placed to use the technology as it has both the LNG infrastructure and the engineering talent.
Domestic investment in cold chain is forecast to be $15 billion over the next five years, but to ensure this investment is sustainable and cost effective it must focus on powering these cold chains using renewable energy sources, the report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bankers welcome RBI stanceBankers welcome RBI stance
Sebi bars Chouksey from acting as investment adviserSebi bars Chouksey from acting as investment adviser
Gold prices rebound on strong buying amid global rallyGold prices rebound on strong buying amid global rally
BSE tweaks circuit limit for shares of Jet Airways  19 othersBSE tweaks circuit limit for shares of Jet Airways  19 others
Sebi looks to prevent regulatory arbitrageSebi looks to prevent regulatory arbitrage
Canada to settle canola oil labelling issue with CentreCanada to settle canola oil labelling issue with Centre
Suresh P Iyengar
Food Safety authorities had banned its import for branding
Mumbai, December 2:  
Canada has initiated talks with the Centre to allow import of canola oil under the same brand name. The Food Safety and Standards Authority in August stopped the import of vegetable oils under any particular brand name.
The authority insisted that every container of canola oil must be labelled as “imported rapeseed-low erucic acid oil”. Importers were told to include “edible vegetable oil” on the list of ingredients and put it on the label.
Speaking to BusinessLine Bruce Jowett, Vice-President (Market Development), Canola Council of Canada, said a series of meetings had been scheduled with the officials of Commerce and Consumer Affairs Ministries this week to sort out the labelling issue.
“World over the oil is imported under Canola brand as people are more familiar with the health benefits attached with the brand. We will try to convince the Indian government that canola is different from the oil extracted from conventional rapeseed,” he said.
The Canadian government has taken special initiatives to promote the oil in newer markets as it intends to increase contribution of canola trade to the economy from the current $19.3 billion. Canada’s export of canola oil to the US was $3.5 billion in the crop year that ended in July, while shipments to Japan were $1.2 billion.
China demand peaks
Jowett said China is the fastest growing market for canola oil and it imported $2.9 billion till July this year. While China imported 4 million tonnes of canola seeds for crushing and 700,000 tonnes of oil, India on an average imports about 70,000 tonnes of canola oil a year. India has banned import of genetically modified organism such as canola seeds for processing in the country.
Grown largely in western Canada, canola acreage touched 20 million acres with the production peaking at 18 million tonnes (mt) in 2013 due to favourable weather conditions. The country expects output to remain flat next year at this year’s level of 15 mt.
“With the increasing awareness of health benefits and rising standards of living, global demand for canola oil is set to touch 26 mt by 2025,” he said. To meet this demand, Canada is developing new hybrid and genetic seeds to raise the yield from 34 bushels (22.67 kg makes a bushel) an acre to 52 bushels.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Russia scraps Southern Europe gas projectRussia scraps Southern Europe gas project
Reuters
Turkey is preferred partner for alternative pipeline; Putin offers hefty discounts
Ankara, December 2:  
Russia on Monday scrapped the South Stream pipeline project to supply gas to southern Europe without crossing Ukraine, citing EU objections, and instead named Turkey as its preferred partner for an alternative pipeline, with a promise of hefty discounts.
The EU, at loggerheads with Moscow over Ukraine, and keen to reduce its energy dependence on Russia, had objected to the $40 billion South Stream pipeline, which was to enter the EU via Bulgaria, on competition grounds.
The proposed undersea pipeline to Turkey, with an annual capacity of 63 billion cubic metres (bcm), more than four times Turkey’s annual purchases from Russia, would face no such problems. Russia offered to combine it with a gas hub at the EU’s south-eastern edge, the Turkish-Greek border, to supply southern Europe. Alexei Miller, the chief executive of Russia’s state-controlled gas exporter Gazprom, told reporters in Ankara, where he was on a one-day visit with President Vladimir Putin, that South Stream was “closed. This is it”.
Putin accused the EU of denying Bulgaria, heavily dependent on Russian gas, its sovereign rights, and said that blocking the project “is against Europe’s economic interests and is causing damage”.
He announced that Russia would grant Turkey a 6 per cent discount on its gas imports from Russia for next year, supplying it with 3 bcm more than this year.
Miller said Gazprom had signed a memorandum of understanding with Turkey’s Botas on the pipeline under the Black Sea to Turkey.
But the plan remains at an early stage. Russian Energy Minister Alexander Novak said that “energy ministers and companies (on both sides) were ordered to look into these proposals in detail ... It is hard to assess the costs, financial mechanisms, terms of fulfilment for now.”
He also said Turkey was seeking a 15 per cent discount for Russian gas. Nevertheless, EU-candidate Turkey’s deepening energy ties with Russia are likely to raise eyebrows in Europe and the US, coming as Western powers have imposed economic sanctions on Moscow over its actions in Ukraine, and as Europe tries to lower its energy dependence on Russia, which supplies about 30 per cent of its gas needs, half of that via Ukraine.
“As our cooperation develops and deepens, I think we will be ready for further price reductions,” Miller told reporters in Ankara. “As we develop our joint projects ... the level of gas price for Turkey could reach the one Germany has today.”
The South Stream pipeline had exposed cracks in EU strategy as Hungary, Austria, Serbia and Bulgaria among others saw it as a solution to the risk of a repeat of supply disruptions via
Ukraine, while Brussels and Washington saw the project as entrenching Moscow’s energy stranglehold on Europe. Yet its appeal has waned as economic growth has stalled, and with Azeri Caspian gas due to land in Italy from 2020.
Carlos Pascual, who until earlier this year was the top energy diplomat at the US State Department, said there was no way that the cancellation of the pipeline damages Europe.
Pascual said Gazprom’s action could show the effects of US and EU sanctions imposed on Russia for its aggression toward Ukraine.
A Gazprom analyst agreed the sanctions may have been a factor.
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Post merger Manubhai & Shah plans entry in new areasPost merger Manubhai & Shah plans entry in new areas
BS Reporter | Ahmedabad Dec 02, 2014 09:22 PM IST
Post merger of Ahmedabad-based Manubhai & Co and Mumbai-based Shah & Co, both being auditing and corporate advisory firms, the new merged entity ‘Manubhai & Shah’ is planning to expand into new areas like IFRS, GST and DTC, among others.
What’s more, the new entity is also eyeing a combined turnover of Rs  50 crore.
“Post merger, our total combined turnover in 2015-16 will be Rs  50 crore. The merger will help us in geographical distribution as well as offer one stop shop services. Having merged the two multidisciplinary auditing and corporate advisory firms, we have planned to expand into newer areas of IFRS, GST and direct tax code,” said Kshitij Patel, managing partner at Manubhai & Shah.
The Ahmedabad based Manubhai & Co. is already a member of HLB International Ltd., UK, having a worldwide network of professional accounting firms and business advisors with offices in over 130 countries. The move to merge with Mumbai-based auditing and corporate advisory firm Shah & Co is aimed at synergising the core strengths of both of the firms in order to enhance the service delivery for the benefit of the client.
The combined entity, called “Manubhai & Shah”, has 17 partners and staff strength exceeding 600 employees apart from four combined branches.  The new entity’s clientele includes 20 listed companies, 100 group of private sector clients and 40-50 government assignments.  The combined merger and acquisitions deals now stands at 25.
“Indian accounting market is led by the big four. We want to be an alternative to the big four and provide all the services that they provide,” Patel, adding that while 2015 will be a year of consolidation, 2016 and 2017 will be years of growth for the merged entity.
While Shah & Co. was established in 1936 as a sole proprietary concern by late Narandas M. Shah, Manubhai & Co. was established in the year 1975 by the founder partner Manubhai G. Patel.  Shah & Co was later converted into a partnership firm in 1945 which is currently led by P N Shah, past president of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI). On the other hand, Manubhai & Co. has its head office in Ahmedabad and other offices in Mumbai, Rajkot and Jamnagar. The key benefits of joining hands together would include the ability to pool resources together that would result in combining organizational skills and expertise with a potential to deliver maximum benefits and scale new horizons for the clients. It will further allow the entity to stamp its footprints far and wide and further pursue its growth opportunities.

IMCOM calls for 20% import duty on Met CokeIMCOM calls for 20% import duty on Met Coke
BS Reporter | Ahmedabad Dec 02, 2014 08:55 PM IST
In the wake of increased dumping of metallurgical coke by China, the Indian Met Coke Manufacturers Association (IMCOM) has appealed the Centre to raise import duty on met coke to at least 20 per cent. Currently, the import duty on Met Coke, a key raw material for production of steel, stands at 2.5 per cent.
According to Arun Kumar Jagatramka, honorary secretary, IMCOM, the met coke industry is currently faced with dumping by China. Recounting 1997-98 situation Jagatramka also stated that indiscriminate dumping by China had led to a situation then, which threatened the existence of the met coke industry in India. "Now, China has started dumping again," he said while adding that Chinese coke is flooding Indian market.

The right to silenceThe right to silence
Business Standard | New Delhi Dec 02, 2014 09:05 PM IST
The sibling battle between two managing partners for their mother's stake in the country's largest law firm - that serves some of the largest domestic and international and transnational corporations and financial institutions, as well as leading government corporations and agencies - seems to have caught the legal fraternity in a bind. So much so that most of them are flatly refusing to be drawn into a discussion with the media on issues involved in the legal wrangle. One law firm went to the extent of sending out an email to all its partners and associates instructing them not to share any oral or written opinion with the media on the escalating tug of war.

Gujarat tourism s power pangsGujarat tourism's power pangs
Business Standard | New Delhi Dec 02, 2014 09:04 PM IST
The much written-about power crisis in Uttar Pradesh (UP) had an unsuspecting victim in the Tourism Corporation of Gujarat Limited (TCGL) recently. The Corporation unveiled its first office in UP at the Paryatan Bhawan, Lucknow, to boost tourist inflow from the state. After the inauguration ceremony, just as TCGL Chairman Kamlesh Patel was getting ready to give bytes to news channels, the power supply in the building tripped. It could be restored only after 15-odd minutes, but not before the waiting news channel representatives had left the office and captured their bytes outside.

A case for payment banksLetters: A case for payment banks
Business Standard | New Delhi Dec 02, 2014 09:03 PM IST
In his column "A payment bank won't pay" (Irrational Choice, December 1) Debashis Basu concluded that the newly invented payment banks are non-viable. One of the reasons is that the existing large profitable banks are offering payment services in a big way. First, most of the existing large banks from the state-owned stable have neglected payment services and view them as an inevitable nuisance. As for the other banks from the private and public sector pack, people needing small remittance facilities have avoided them because of the high costs and glamorous interiors. The writer has commented on the inability of payment banks to engage in lending activities. This, however, is a blessing in disguise. Fee-based banking is a zero-risk activity as compared to interest-income-led banking. Public sector banking in India has suffered due to its hyper-active approach to lending.
Having identified all the issues with payment banks, the writer has pinned his hopes on India Post - that has the potential to be a good payment bank. But India Post is again another arm of the government, with associated evils of state ownership. People are still hanging on to such institutions due to the absence of a convenient channel to avail of payment services. A payment bank that uses technology effectively and avoids the pitfalls of a state-owned institution could be a game-changer.
K V Rao Bengaluru
Letters can be mailed, faxed or e-mailed to:
The Editor, Business Standard
Nehru House, 4 Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg
New Delhi 110 002

Jet surges over 8%; a better bet than SpiceJetJet Airways expected to gain more from falling crude than SpiceJet
Rajesh Naidu, ET Bureau Dec 2, 2014, 04.57PM IST
Tags:
Crude oil
(Jet Airways, with a 20.2%…)
Among the two listed airline stocks, Jet Airways is expected to gain more from falling crude oil prices than the low-cost carrier SpiceJet in the coming quarters. Jet's presence in international markets helps it to take on the price-war in domestic routes .
SpiceJet, however, took a tumble on Dalal Street on Tuesday. The stock dived over 8 per cent in intraday trade to close 1.65 percent down.
Shares of Jet Airways ended the day at Rs 376.95; up 8.29 percent.
Jet Airways, with a 20.2% share in the local market, has been focusing largely on its international operations. At the end of FY14, Jet derived 53% of total revenues from international operations against 51% in FY11.
In the September 2014 quarter, total revenues from international segments was 64% with international passenger traffic growing by 20% on a year-on-year basis as against 3% growth in its domestic passenger traffic. With Etihad Airways' Rs 2,000-crore investment, Jet's working capital management is relatively well-addressed. Jet has increased its code-sharing agreements with Etihad on 71 routes which would connect Indian passengers to Amsterdam, Brussels, Paris, and Milan, among others.
Jet's plan to connect 23 Indian cities to these destinations should boost revenues from international operations in the coming quarters.
"We believe that these code-sharing flights with Etihad are one of the big moves to enhance Jet's international presence and improve connectivity.
This would also help Jet in improving margins over the longer term," said Rasheesh Shah, aviation analyst at ICICI Securities.
Unlike Jet, SpiceJet has higher presence in domestic markets and faces stiff competition from companies like Indigo Airlines which has been maintaining market share at 31.5%. Competition will increase, thanks to new carriers like Air Asia and Singapore Airlines. SpiceJet, which has been prompt to price offer discounts, has limited room to raise its market share from 19.6%.
"It should be noted that for every $10 fall in crude oil prices, airline companies save 5% of their expenses," said Amrit Pandurangi, senior director at Deloitte India.
As of FY14 fuel expenses as a percentage of total expenses for Jet and SpiceJet were in the range of 46-51%. In the past two trading sessions, the stocks of Jet and SpiceJet have gained in the range of 28%-37%. On Friday, veteran investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala bought 75 lakh shares of SpiceJet amid a market buzz that it is in talks with an international airline for stake sale.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Martin Litton  Pioneering Wildland Guardian  DiesIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Gilt investment cap for FIIs would be raised in due course: RBIGilt investment
(Reserve Bank of India Governor…)
MUMBAI: Seeking to assuage foreign investors' concerns on caps in government bonds, Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan today said there is a roadmap for expansion but appetite of foreign investors will not be a deciding factor.
"We have in mind a schedule for expansion, so that it is consistent with our ability to absorb that kind of capital. I'd say don't despair, we will expand the limits, but it has to be not at the pace that the market wants, but as per our ability to absorb the kind of inflows that will come in," Rajan said during the post-policy call with analysts.
The country had last expanded the foreign investment limit in G-secs in July by $5 billion to $25 billion, and reports say the yield-chasing investors have already exhausted a bulk of the new addition.
Citing the recent case of a bond issuance by state-run telephony player MTNL which saw higher interest from foreign investors, Rajan said this is because the troubled company's bond issue was looked at as a quasi-sovereign instrument.
Meanwhile, deputy governor HR Khan said the RBI has also come across investments by the foreign investors into the G-secs in "indirect" way, wherein they are using the debt and liquid mutual funds to enter G-secs as also short-term debt like commercial papers and certificates of deposits, which is not allowed at all.
However, he said the quantum of these investments is not very large and the RBI is watching the situation.
"We are keeping a watch. If it becomes substantial, we will be taking action," he warned.
On the inflation indexed bonds (IIBs), which were re-launched last year to garner greater amount of financial savings, Khan said there is a move to redesign the product for institutional investors.
For retail investors, Khan acknowledged that other instruments like the recently introduced Kisan Vikas Patras are there, but stressed that IIBs still hold value in a portfolio.
On the banks' high appetite towards lending to the recession-proof retail segment, Rajan said the RBI brass has repeatedly expressed concern over the industry not getting the the required amount of credit.
"Lending to retail cannot be seen as a new panacea, I think banks are taking cognisance," Rajan said, hoping that banks will start pushing credit to corporates once the demand picks up.
FEATURED ARTICLES

U.S. construction spending posts biggest gain in five monthsU.S. housing starts fall, but trend points to recovery
By Lucia Mutikani, Reuters
Land Price
U.S. housing starts fell in November as groundbreaking for single-family homes declined after two hefty increases, in what appeared to be a brief pause in a gradual recovery trend.
Starts dropped 1.6 percent to a seasonally adjusted annual pace of 1.028 million units, the Commerce Department said on Tuesday. October's starts were revised up to a 1.045 million-unit pace.
8
Despite November's fall, groundbreaking is up 7.7 percent compared to the first 11 months of 2013. Starts have averaged a 990,000-unit pace so far this year, up from an average 930,000-unit rate last year.
"It is hard to complain about the housing sector," said Joel Naroff, chief economist at Naroff Economic Advisors in Holland Pennsylvania. "The U.S. economy is on an accelerating growth path that should continue for quite some time. We don't need a robust housing market to drive growth."
Wall Street had forecast starts rising at a pace of 1.04 million units from October's previously reported pace of 1.01 million units.
@jhanzel thanks for pointing that out in the summer of recovery part 6
j blome
5
In a separate report, financial data firm Markit said its preliminary or "flash" U.S. Manufacturing Purchasing Managers Index fell to 53.7 in December, the lowest reading in 11 months, from 54.8 in November.
While the survey hints at slowing factory activity, so-called hard data such as industrial production have painted a bullish picture of the manufacturing sector and showed little sign that a sputtering global economy and crude oil price rout were having an impact on American factories.
U.S. stocks were up sharply in volatile trading and prices for U.S. Treasury debt rose. The dollar fell against a basket of currencies.    Housing is being stymied by tepid wage growth, which has been far outpaced by home price increases. Higher mortgage rates are also a constraint, although they have declined from a peak reached in September 2013.
A very slow pace of household formation also is a challenge. High unemployment among young adults is forcing many to either continue living at home with their parents or share quarters with friends or relatives.
Household formation is currently running at about 500,000 a year, far below the more than 1 million mark that would signal a robust housing market.
But with job growth accelerating, wages are expected to pick up next year and pull in first-time buyers, especially young people, into the housing market, providing a tailwind for the economy. Housing has been a mild boost to growth so far in 2014.
"We believe that it will be only a matter of time before the housing recovery shifts up a gear or two and provides a crucial second wind to the economic recovery," said Millan Mulraine, deputy chief economist at TD Securities in New York.
Single-family homes starts, the largest part of the market, fell 5.4 percent. Groundbreaking in the volatile multi-family homes segment rose 6.7 percent after October's 9.9 percent drop.
Permits for future home construction declined 5.2 percent, the biggest drop since January, to a 1.035 million-unit pace after two straight months of gains.
Permits, which lead starts by three to four months, have been above a 1 million-unit pace since July. Both single-family and multi-family permits fell.
(Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos in New York; Editing by Paul Simao)

Govt approves road projects in Odisha U khan...Cabinet committee
(The project will expedite…)
NEW DELHI: Government today approved highway projects worth Rs 3,873.6 crore in Odisha, Uttrakhand and Uttar Pradesh for widening various stretches under its flagship road building programme NHDP.
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs, chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi , has given "its approval for development of the four laning" of these highways stretches in Odisha, Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh, an official statement said.
The cost of the Odisha project is estimated at Rs 1,077.11 crore, Uttar Pradesh project is about Rs 1,325.09 crore while a highway stretch falling in Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh will be built at a cost of Rs 1,471.40 crore.
The four laning of the Singhara-Binjabahal section of National Highway - 6 in Odisha will be done under the National Highways Development Project (NHDP) Phase-IV, an official statement said.
"The cost is estimated to be Rs 1077.11 crore including the cost of land acquisition, resettlement and rehabilitation and other pre-construction activities. The total length of the road will be approximately 104 kms," it said.
The project will expedite improvement of infrastructure in Odisha and reduce the time and cost of travel for traffic, on the Singhara-Binjabahal sector.
About Uttar Pradesh project it said the four-laning of the Lucknow-Sultanpur section of National Highway - 56 under NHDP phase - IV will be done at Rs 1325.09 crore expenditure including the cost of land acquisition, resettlement and rehabilitation and other pre-construction activities.
The project will expedite improvement of infrastructure in Uttar Pradesh, it said and adding, the development of this stretch will also help in uplifting the socio-economic condition of the concerned regions of the state and would also increase employment potential for local labourers for project activities.
On four laning of Nagina-Kashipur section of National Highway - 74 in Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh, the statement said the 99 km stretch will be widened at a cost of Rs 1,471.40 crore including the cost of land acquisition, resettlement and rehabilitation and other pre-construction activities.
"The project will expedite improvement of infrastructure in Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh," it said adding, implementation of this project will help in reducing the time and cost of travel for traffic, particularly heavy traffic, plying on the Nagina-Kashipur sector.
The project is covered in the regions of Nagina and Kashipur in Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh respectively.
All the three projects are being constructed under the Build-Operate-Transfer (BOT) toll mode on Design, Build, Finance, Operate and Transfer (BOT/DBFOT) basis.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/12mmqRLAP
Q: Is earnings season over yet?
A: Investors might not want third-quarter earnings season to ever end – as it was great for stocks. But there’s only one week left.
There are six companies in the Standard & Poor’s 500 yet to report third-quarter profits, including alcoholic beverage bottler Brown-Forman, computer semiconductor firm Avago (AVGO) , apparel maker PVH (PVH) , grocer Kroger (KRO) , discounter Dollar General (DG) and tax preparation firm H&R Block (HRB) , says earnings tracker Estimize. H&R Block will conclude earnings season when it reports on Monday, Dec. 8. Investors feared the worst going into the third quarter.
But things turned out rather well. Companies in the S&P 500 reported 9.1% earnings growth in the third quarter, says S&P Capital IQ. Keep in mind that different earnings trackers might have slightly different results for the quarter. The materials sector delivered huge results for the period, generating quarterly growth of 20%. But there’s no rest for companies. Investors are already looking ahead to the potentially even more important fourth quarter. The fourth-quarter reports start to trickle out starting Tuesday when car seller Autozone (AZN) reports on Dec. 9. Again, it’s a situation where investors are going in not expecting much. Analysts are calling for 6.5% quarterly growth.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

Its time to pick a name for everyones favorite baby otter (and you can help)By Rachel Feltman December 2 Follow @rachelfeltman
A growing Pup 681 flip-flops and dives at the Shedd Aquarium in Chicago. (Shedd Aquarium via YouTube)
It's been about a month since the Internet first met Pup 681 , the baby otter abandoned on a California beach. She's spent that time at the Shedd Aquarium in Chicago, gaining weight (she's doubled in size, now weighing over 10 pounds) and learning how to take care of herself.
And hosting Google Hangouts, of course .
(Shedd Aquarium/Brenna Hernandez)
Pup 681 is now ready for a real name, and the aquarium has partnered with ABC's "Good Morning America" to make sure we all have a say. You can vote as many times as you want from now until 3 p.m. Eastern time on Dec. 11 -- the poll is featured on the upper right-hand side of the "GMA" Web site . The chosen name will be announced on Dec. 12.
Sorry, no write-ins: The five names were selected by Shedd's marine mammal staff , who've been providing 24/7 care to the pup since her arrival. The aquarium traditionally names their rescued animals after the locations where they were found, so Pup 681's potential names are all California-inspired:
• Cali - To honor the California otter
• Ellie - Año Nuevo State Park is well known for its elephant seals, also Elkhorn Slough - an area that is right up the coast from Monterey that is home to many sea otters
• Luna - Derived from nearby Half Moon Bay
• Poppy - California State Flower
• Aña or Anya - Derived from Año Nuevo State Park
Contemplating Poppy, perhaps? (Shedd Aquarium/Brenna Hernandez)
Shedd gave its members the chance to vote early, and their choice -- Luna -- is currently killing it in the polls.
No pressure or anything, we're just deciding what this precious baby will be called for the rest of her life.
Luna? Poppy? The choice is yours. (Shedd Aquarium/Brenna Hernandez)
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Three militants killed in encounter with army inKupwaraBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 2, 2014 8:47 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 8:52 pm
Three militants were killed on Tuesday as army troops foiled an infiltration bid along the Line of Control (LoC) in poll-bound Kupwara district of north Kashmir, a defence spokesman said.
Army troops guarding the LoC noticed a group of militants attempting to infiltrate from across the border in Nowgam sector of Handwara early Tuesday, the spokesman said.
The militants opened heavy fire when challenged by the troops, triggering a gunbattle, he said.
Three unidentified militants were killed in the encounter, the spokesman said, adding further details are awaited as the operation was still going on.
The infiltration attempt coincided with the second-phase of polling in Jammu and Kashmir wherein a total of 18 Assembly seats, including five in Kupwara district, went to polls on Tuesday.
Last week, four militants were killed when an encounter broke out between the ultras and security forces in Arnia sector of Jammu region close to Indo-Pak border on November 27.
During the terror attack, in all 12 people were killed including five civilians and three army personnel.

Kerala HC asks State govt to issue liquor license to 22 four-starhotelsWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: December 2, 2014 10:01 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 10:32 pm
Kerala high court on Tuesday asked the state government to issue liquor licenses to 22 hotels in four-star category.
Twenty-two four star hotels made fresh applications for liquor licenses in the wake of the high court single bench directive in October, this year, that four-star hotel should be allowed liquor licences.
The court had then observed that the government policy to close down four star bars was against the Supreme Court order which asked not to discriminate between four and five-star hotels.
In the new liquor policy of the state government, four star bars were bound to face closure.
But the high court order in October gave relief for 33 four star hotels. With Tuesday’s verdict another batch of 22 four star hotels too can run bars. Some of the applications who got favourable verdict on Tuesday were included among the 418 bars which have been remaining closed since April.
With this verdict, 84 hotels in the categories of four, five and heritage classes would be allowed to operate out of 730 bars. The court had earlier partially ratified the state’s new liquor policy, which meant all two, three and sub-standard would remain closed.
However, the three star hotels got an extended life with the high court allowing them to function until their appeals against the government policy is settled.
Excise minister K Babu said the government would move appeal against the verdict. The new licences would be given based on the verdict in the appeal.
KPCC president V M Sudheeran, who is on a political tour across Kerala, said it was unfortunate that the court was torpedoing a government decision taken at social welfare. However, government chief whip said all bars would be opened when Sudheeran completes his political tour against liquor menace.

Russia Predicts Recession as Oil  Sanctions Biterussia predicts recession as oil  sanctions bite
House explodes in Beverly; gas leak suspectedHouse explodes in Morgan Park as fire crews investigate gas leak
Gas leak causes house explosion in Morgan Park
The Chicago Fire Department brought more than 150 members to Morgan Park when a gas leak caused a house explosion Tuesday. The incident is still under investigation.
The Chicago Fire Department brought more than 150 members to Morgan Park when a gas leak caused a house explosion Tuesday. The incident is still under investigation.
Fires
House leveled in gas explosion, fire in Beverly neighborhood
A house was leveled by an explosion and fire in the Morgan Park neighborhood Tuesday morning while fire crews were evacuating homes in the area because of an odor of natural gas.
Crews from the Streets and Sanitation Department and Peoples Gas were checking an area near a construction project in the 2100 block of West 107th Place about 8:35 a.m., Chicago Fire Department spokesman Will Knight said.
It appears a gas line was ruptured during a construction project, but officials have not yet determined how the line was broken.
Caption House explosion
Antonio Perez, Chicago Tribune
Firefighters work at the scene of a house explosion , in the 2100 block of 107th Place in Chicago's Morgan Park neighborhood.
Firefighters work at the scene of a house explosion , in the 2100 block of 107th Place in Chicago's Morgan Park neighborhood. (Antonio Perez, Chicago Tribune)
Caption House explosion
Antonio Perez, Chicago Tribune
Firefighters work at the scene of a house explosion in the 2100 block of 107th Place in Chicago's Morgan Park neighborhood.
Firefighters work at the scene of a house explosion in the 2100 block of 107th Place in Chicago's Morgan Park neighborhood. (Antonio Perez, Chicago Tribune)
Caption House explosion
Antonio Perez, Chicago Tribune
Firefighters work at the scene of a house explosion in the 2100 block of 107th Place in Chicago's Morgan Park neighborhood.
Firefighters work at the scene of a house explosion in the 2100 block of 107th Place in Chicago's Morgan Park neighborhood. (Antonio Perez, Chicago Tribune)
Caption House explosion
Antonio Perez, Chicago Tribune
Workers from People's Gas work at the scene of a house explosion in the 2100 block of 107th Place in Chicago's Morgan Park neighborhood.
Workers from People's Gas work at the scene of a house explosion in the 2100 block of 107th Place in Chicago's Morgan Park neighborhood. (Antonio Perez, Chicago Tribune)
Caption House explosion
Antonio Perez, Chicago Tribune
The rubble from a house explosion sits in the 2100 block of 107th Place in Chicago's Morgan Park neighborhood.
The rubble from a house explosion sits in the 2100 block of 107th Place in Chicago's Morgan Park neighborhood. (Antonio Perez, Chicago Tribune)
See more galleries
While fire crews were evacuating homes a block in each direction because of the possible gas leak, a home in the 2100 block of 107th Place exploded, Knight said. Extra alarms and a hazardous material response were called and at least five ambulances dispatched, Knight said.
There was no report of injuries. No one was at home at the time of the explosion, although WGN-TV reported that the family that lived at the home was looking for a pet that may have been there at the time.

Vijay Mallya resigns from Mangalore Chemicals BoardUpdated: December 1, 2014 23:55 IST
Vijay Mallya resigns from Mangalore Chemicals Board
Lalatendu Mishra
In a surprise move the UB Group Chairman Vijay Mallya has resigned from the Board of Directors of Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL) with immediate effect.
What prompted this move is still not known.
The company has intimated this development to the stock exchanges. Soon after the announcement MCFL stock prices rose sharply on the stock markets.
The prices moved from Rs. 80 range to around Rs. 92. The volume was as high as nine lakh shares in early morning trade.
MCFL is amidst a takeover battle between Deepak Petrochemicals and Fertilizers and Zuari Agro Chemicals and Fertilizers. Mr. Mallya had sided with Zuari to ward off the takeover bid of Deepak Fertilizers.
Recently, Deepak's bid to acquire 26 per cent addition stake had failed and Dr Mallya had retained control over the company.
Currently Deepak holds 32 per cent stake in the company, Zuari 16 per cent, UB Group 22 per cent and the rest by public shareholders.
Last week shareholders of United Spirits of which Dr Mallya is chairman, rejected nine of 12 proposals at an EGM, in a major set back for the liquor barron.

Despite sliding profits  Samsung s mobile chief keeps his jobDespite sliding profits, Samsung's mobile chief keeps his job
AFP  Seoul, December 01, 2014
First Published: 08:42 IST(1/12/2014) | Last Updated: 08:50 IST(1/12/2014)
Comments
Samsung said Monday the head of its faltering mobile business would keep his job despite an alarming decline in profits, as the electronics giant announced a year-end personnel reshuffle.
A number of leading executives were moved or promoted, but the three co-CEOs of Samsung Electronics all retained their posts, including J.K. Shin, components unit chief Kwon Oh-Hyun and the head of the consumer electronics division B.K. Yoon.
Shin's position had been seen as particularly vulnerable, as the mobile unit that was responsible for Samsung's extraordinary run of record profits in recent years was also behind the slump in the past two quarters.
Shin "made many contributions in making Samsung Electronics the world's top mobile handset maker", Samsung Group spokesman Lee June told reporters.
"We believe he would have a chance to help (Samsung) make another jump in this changing environment in the future," Lee said.
Shin, 58, has led Samsung Electronics' mobile unit since 2012 and played a key role in the South Korean giant's rise to become the world's top smartphone maker.
But the firm recently saw profits squeezed by escalating competition with Apple's iPhones in the high-end market and cheap handsets of Chinese rivals like Xiaomi in the low-end segment.
Samsung posted a 50% drop in third-quarter net profit, following a 20% drop in the previous quarter.
The net profit for the July-September period was the lowest for nearly three years.
Samsung produces a range of products from handsets to memory chips and TVs but the mobile business comprises the lion's share of its overall sales.
The family-run company is currently embarking on a major restructuring programme ahead of a generational ownership succession.
Last week it announced the $1.7 billion sale of stakes in four affiliates and a $2.0 billion share buyback.
Samsung's share price has tumbled more than 10% this year as growth in the key smartphone business begins to lose steam.

Green shoots of recovery all round  but will trend sustainGreen shoots of recovery all round, but will trend sustain?
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 02, 2014
First Published: 00:32 IST(2/12/2014) | Last Updated: 09:07 IST(2/12/2014)
Comments
Factory activity in the country expanded at its fastest pace in nearly two years in November, the monthly HSBC survey showed on Monday, as burgeoning order books led manufacturers to accelerate output.
The HSBC Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI), compiled by Markit, rose to 53.3 in November from 51.6 in October, its highest since February 2013. This is the 13th  consecutive month of expansion in activity.
PMI is a metric to measure industrial activity capturing output to sales. A reading above 50 indicates growth in factory output.
New orders were supported by strong domestic demand for consumer goods, while foreign orders remained robust. The sub-index soared to a 21-month high of 56.2 as compared to October's 53.0.
The survey also showed that companies passed on additional input costs to consumers at a faster pace, which could revive inflationary pressures after several months of slowing.
"The pick-up in output prices could partly be signalling some revival in pricing power among businesses," said Pranjul Bhandari, chief India economist at HSBC.
"There are mixed signals from the real economy and though manufacturing PMI has shown improvement, this cannot be taken as a sign of decisive recovery," DK Joshi, chief economist, Crisil told Hindustan Times.

Good news on economy  but RBI may not cut ratesGood news on economy, but RBI may not cut rates
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 02, 2014
First Published: 00:36 IST(2/12/2014) | Last Updated: 11:02 IST(2/12/2014)
Comments
Good news for the Indian economy and the common man poured in from several quarters on Monday, on the eve of RBI governor Raghuram Rajan’s next monetary policy review.
Global crude prices fell to a five-year-low of $68 per barrel during the day, prompting the public sector oil marketing companies to cut the price of unsubsidised LPG cylinders by Rs. 113 from Rs. 865 to Rs. 752.This came a day after prices of petrol and diesel were cut by almost Re 1 per litre. Falling global prices are expected to lead to more cuts in the prices of petrol, diesel and LPG in the months to come and a further fall in the retail and wholesale inflation rates, which are at multi-year lows.
Then, eight core sectors, which form the backbone of the Indian economy, rebounded sharply, growing 6.3% in October, compared to 1.9% in the previous month and a decline of 0.1% in October last year, figures released by the commerce ministry showed.
And sales of cars by Maruti Suzuki, Hyundai, Honda, Toyota and Tata rose sharply in November, after three months of decline, indicating a revival in consumer demand.
If this trend of industrial growth and rising demand sustains, it could lead to a stronger economic revival, creating more jobs, putting more money in people’s pockets.
Adding to the cheer, a survey by Jones Lang LaSalle, a leading real estate consultant, showed a 58% rise in demand for office space. The implication: companies are once again expanding operations. Typically, a rise in demand for office space is followed, with a lag of a few months, with a growth in job creation.
The HSBC Purchasing Manager’s Index, a measure of economic growth, for India’s manufacturing sector in November also indicated a revival, rising to a 21-month high.
But experts cautioned against reading too much into these developments. “There are mixed signals from the economy and though manufacturing has shown an improvement, this cannot be taken as a decisive sign of recovery,” DK Joshi, chief economist, Crisil, told HT.
Analysts said Rajan, who will announce his next monetary policy review on Tuesday, may not cut rates to spur economic growth further despite moderating inflation.

Morgan Stanley Sets December 2015 Sensex Target at 32 500You are here: Home Market
Morgan Stanley Sets December 2015 BSE Sensex Target at 32,500
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 02, 2014 15:15 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
New Delhi: The bullishness in the Indian stock market is likely to continue and the benchmark Sensex will reach 32,500 by December 2015, Global brokerage firm Morgan Stanley said.
According to the global financial services major, Indian equities are benefiting from the start of a new growth cycle, a benign global environment resulting in a positive shift in terms of trade and reforms, which can lift India's potential growth rate.
"Our December 2015 BSE Sensex target is 32,500," Morgan Stanley said in a research note and added it is overweight on sectors like energy, consumer discretionary, financials and technology.
Stock markets have seen significant gains in 2014 and the Sensex has gained 7,268.23 points, or 34.33 per cent, so far this year.
"Sentiment is strong with support from flows and momentum - our market timing indicator suggests that market mood is buoyant though yet to hit exuberant territory," it said.
The 30-share Sensex was trading 0.41 per cent down at 28,441.16 in the afternoon after the Reserve Bank kept the key interest rates unchanged today.
"Our view is the government's reforms are on track and if these reforms progress well, we see upside risk to earnings estimates," Morgan Stanley said.
Some key initiatives that have been taken by the Centre include: efforts to make India a better place to do business, tax reforms to kick start growth, fiscal consolidation to stem inflation, realignment of subsidies to make the economy more productive and boost to infra spend to lift growth.
While foreign flows have been strong in the past 12 months, in the coming 12-24 months Indian markets could see sharp rise in domestic flows into equities as explained earlier, the report said.
The report further said equities for now look less appealing against long bonds but the likely rate cuts in future could change that and could feed into equity valuations.
Story first published on: December 02, 2014 15:13 (IST)

Ranjit Sinha retires as CBI chief after a two-year controversial term12
0
New Delhi: Central Bureau of Investigation Director Ranjit Sinha retired on Tuesday after serving a controversial two-year tenure as the chief of India's premier investigative agency.
A panel headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi will meet on Tuesday evening to finalise the next CBI chief.
Sinha faced severe criticism of Supreme Court over probe in coal block allocation and 2G scam earlier in November.
Central Bureau of Investigation Director Ranjit Sinha retired on Tuesday after serving a controversial two-year tenure as the chief of India's premier investigative agency.
#cbi #ranjit sinha #2g probe #scam
Sinha's tenure at the top of CBI has seen highs like busting of some big bribery cases involving a Railway Board member, chairman and managing director of a public sector bank and chief executive officer of Censor Board among others.
The lows involved criticism he faced from the Supreme Court which asked him to step down from 2G probe, criticism from a special court for shoddy probe in coal block  allocation cases, sharing of status report on Coalgate with then Law Minister Ashwani Kumar after which agency received sobriquet of "caged parrot" from the apex court.
4

Top bosses aware of most foreign bribes: OECDBribes
(Most international bribes…)
PARIS: Most international bribes are paid by large firms with the knowledge of senior management, the OECD said Tuesday, after analysing hundreds of prosecuted cases spanning a quarter century and worth a total of $5.9 billion.
"Corporate leadership is involved, or at least aware, of the practice of foreign bribery in most cases, rebutting perceptions of bribery as an act of rogue employees," the club of wealthy nations said in a report.
The report analyses 427 cases involving the 41 signatories to the OECD Anti-Bribery Convention since it took effect in 1999.
"Given the complexity and concealed nature of corrupt transactions, this is without doubt the mere tip of the iceberg," the report said.
Nearly half of the bribes paid to foreign public officials originated in developed countries, and 21 of the cases involved heads of state or government ministers receiving bribes, the study found.
The four sectors most affected are mining, construction, transportation and storage, and information and communication.
Well over half - 57 percent - of the bribes averaging $13.8 million (11 million euros) each were paid to win public procurement contracts, and three-quarters involved payment through intermediaries, the OECD said.
"Bribes were promised, offered or given most frequently to employees of state-owned enterprses (27 percent), followed by customs officials (11 percent), health officials (seven percent) and defence officials (six percent)," the report said.
Eighty individuals served jail time after being convicted of foreign bribery, while 261 individuals and companies paid fines, it said.
Sixty-nine percent of the cases were settled with sanctions, it added. "One in three cases came to the attention of authorities through self-reporting by defendant companies or individuals," it said, while whistleblowers accounted for just two percent.
"Companies that self-reported became aware of the foreign bribery in their international operations primarily through internal audits," the report said.
Media coverage led to five percent of the cases. Currently, 390 probes are under way in 24 of the convention signatories, it added.
The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development provides economic analysis and advice to its 34 industrialised members.
"Corruption undermines growth and development," OECD Secretary-General Angel Gurria said in a statement, adding: "The corrupt must be brought to justice. The prevention of business crime should be at the centre of corporate government (and) public procurement needs to become synonymous with integrity, transparency and accountability."
The group urged governments worldwide to "strengthen sanctions, make settlements public and reinforce protection of whistleblowers as part of greater efforts to tackle bribery and corruption."
FEATURED ARTICLES

71 per cent voting in the second phase of J&K elections but slight dip in the valleyAbid Soffi , IBNLive.com | Dec 02, 2014 at  10:11pm IST
Srinagar: Just like the first phase, voters on December 2 came out in large numbers ignoring the boycott call given by separatist leaders and cold weather conditions to exercise their franchise in 18 constituencies of Jammu and Kashmir. Several seats recorded a remarkable voter turnout, continuing the positive trend set by the first phase which recorded over 70 per cent voting.
Amid unprecedented security arrangements provided by the state police and paramilitary forces in the hinterland and Army in the forests and hills, voting was by and large peaceful with around 71 per cent of the eligible electorate coming out to press the EVM buttons in 18 Assembly constituencies, spread over five districts after a dull start due to morning chill.
Even though the voter turnout in Kulgam district and Kupwara district can be considered as high if compared to the percentage of polling recorded in other states in recent elections, the former has actually witnessed a decline of over 4 per cent while voting in the latter dipped by over 1 per cent as compared to 2008 Assembly elections. In 2008 elections, Kulgam witnessed a voter turnout of 64.70 per cent while 69.32 per cent electorate exercised their franchise to vote in Kupwara. In Kashmir valley, Kupwara tops the voter turnout as 68 per cent people exercised their democratic right in five Assembly seats followed by Kulgam with 60 per cent.
Just like the first phase, voters on December 2 came out in large numbers ignoring the boycott call given by separatist leaders and cold weather conditions to exercise their franchise in 18 constituencies of Jammu and Kashmir.
The highest votes were polled in Reasi district with 80 per cent, followed by Udhampur with 76 per cent and Poonch district with 70 per cent in Jammu region.
Meanwhile, 40 families of Kunan and Poshpora in north Kashmir district of Kupwara boycotted the elections and protested outside their polling station. The protesters demanded justice for what they allege is one of the worst cases of human rights abuse and mass gangrape of over 40 women in these two villages by the Army in February 1991.
Minor incidents of stone pelting were reported in Khudwani, Redwani and Rampur areas in Home-Shalibugh constituency in Kulgam district.
Addressing a press conference, Chief Electoral Officer Umang Narula said around 71 per cent electorate cast their vote in Tuesday's polling for the second phase of Assembly elections across 18 constituencies spread in five districts of the state.
Handwara, which is a militant prone area, recorded a voter turnout of 71 per cent, against 75.55 recorded in 2008. Even though there are 12 candidates in the fray, there is a triangular contest on cards in this constituency between National Conference's (NC's) Chowdry Mohamad Ramzan - who is seeking re-election from the constituency, Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) candidate Sofi Ghulam Mohdi-Ud-Din and separatist turned politician Sajjad Gani Lone.
Kupwara, where three militants were killed after Army foiled an infiltration bid, recorded a voter turnout of 62 per cent, against 69.32 per cent recorded in 2008. The main contest in Kupwara is between NC candidate, who is seeking re-election for the fourth time from the constituency and PDP's Mir Mohammad Fayaz.
Karnah recorded 75 per cent voter turnout, against 79.19 per cent in the last Assembly elections, while 55 per cent voters came out to press EVM button in Lolab, against 68.12 per cent in 2008.
Langat witnessed an increase in the voter turnout, against 61.33 per cent polling in 2008, 71 per cent came out to exercise their franchise.
Kulgam recorded a voter turnout of 55.44 per cent, against 61.66 per cent in 2008. Even though there are eight candidates in the fray, the main contest is between CPI (M) state general secretary Mohammad Yousuf Tarigami, who is seeking re-election for the fourth time and PDP candidate Nazir Ahmad Laway.
He said Home Shalibugh witnessed a voter turnout of 36.50 per cent, against 54.36 per cent in 2008 while Devsar recorded 60.03 per cent. The voting percentage in Devsar was 68.68 per cent in 2008. There was an increase in the voter turnout in Noorabad, against 74.11 per cent polling in 2008, 77.60 per cent people came out to vote.
The prestigious Udhampur constituency recorded a voter turnout of 79.74 per cent, against 68.05 per cent in 2008. Ten candidates are in the fray for this constituency, which will witness multi-corner contest. BJP has been hit by rebellion in the constituency, where its former leader Pawan Gupta has decided to contest as an independent candidate after he was denied ticket. Gupta will be contesting against two times NPP MLA Balwant Singh Mankotia and BJP nominee Pawan Khajuria.
He said Chenani witnessed a voter turnout of 75.48 per cent while 75.19 per cent polling was recorded in Ram Nagar in Udhampur district.
Meanwhile, 80 per cent voters exercised their franchise in Reasi constituency, against 73.55 per cent in the last Assembly elections. As many as 14 candidates are in the fray for Resi Assembly constituency, where BJP has dropped its sitting Member of Legislative Assembly (MLA) Baldev Raj Sharma and fielded Ajay Nanda. Sharma, who is fighting the elections as an Independent candidate is likely to cut BJP vote bank in the constituency.
Gulab Garh saw 80.73 per cent polling while Gool Arnas witnessed 80.28 per cent voter turnout in Reasi district.
He said Surankote witnessed 65 per cent polling, Mendher 72 per cent and Poonch Haveli 73.39 per cent in Poonch district.
The Chief Electoral Officer said the constituencies that went to polls today were spread over five districts for which as many as ­­­­2186 polling stations were set up, which included 143 critical ones.
Web casting was done in 178 Polling Stations and 296 digital and 216 video cameras were deployed, he added.
Narula said that 199 micro observers and 10296 poll personnel were deployed during today's polling. The CEO said 175 candidates were in the fray for these 18 constituencies which comprised 1542737 numbers of electors including 818025 male, 724703 female and 09 third gender voters.
(Abid Soffi is the Managing Editor 'Kashmir Pioneer'. He lives in Srinagar.)
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

65.46 per cent votes cast in peaceful 2nd phase polling in JharkhandPress Trust of India | Dec 02, 2014 at 08:27pm IST
Ranchi: About 65.46 per cent electorate on Tuesday exercised their franchise in the second of the five-phase polling for the 20 Maoist-hit Assembly constituencies as the day passed off peacefully.
Chief Electoral Officer PK Jajoria said, 65.46 per cent votes were cast in the 2nd phase polling. In the first phase polling for 13 seats on November 25, 61.92 per cent voters exercised their franchise.
Stating that the gradual increase in the turnout would strengthen democracy, Jajoria said the polling concluded peacefully in all the constituencies.
Stating that the gradual increase in the turnout would strengthen democracy, Jajoria said the polling concluded peacefully in all the constituencies.
The fate of 223 candidates, including former chief ministers Arjun Munda and Madhu Koda, three incumbent ministers and 18 sitting MLAs, was sealed in the EVMs.
Prominent among the candidates include Dulal Bhuyan (Congress) from Jugsalai, Jaba Manjhi (JMM) from Manoharpur, Neil Tirkey (JMM) from Simdega and Bandhu Tirkey (Trinamool Congress) and Bimla Pradhan (BJP), both from Simdega.
The CEO said all the constituencies were alerted following the Maoist attack on the CRPF personnel in the neighbouring Chhattisgarh on Monday.
"Some of the polling personnel have been brought back by helicopter while others will return tomorrow morning," Jajoria said.
The 20 Maoist constituencies where polling was held today are spread over seven districts -- Seraikela-Kharsawan, West and East Singhbhum, Khunti, Simdega, Ranchi and Gumla.
Polling was held from 7 AM to 3 PM in 18 seats while the exercise was carried on till 5 AM in Jamshedpur (East) and Jamshedpur (West).
Re-polling at a booth in Garhwa and two in Chhatarpur seat also ended incident-free.
With 76 per cent polling, Jagannathpur witnessed maximum turnout, Jajoria said. Polling for third phase of elections in 17 seats will be held on December 9 and the two remaining phases would be held on December 14 and 20. Jharkhand Assembly is a 81-member house.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Hopes of high voting in ravaged capital Srinagar  ruling NC faces voters wrathD P Satish , IBNLive.com | Dec 02, 2014 at 07:57pm IST
Srinagar: "This time Srinagar will vote in large numbers. I hope people come out to vote in all 8 Assembly seats here. The Abdullah's government must be defeated at any cost. They have done nothing for us after the flood. We are left to die" says an angry taxi driver Irfan Khan.
Srinagar, the state capital and the largest city in the entire Jammu & Kashmir is notorious for its indifferent attitude towards voting.
Srinagar always records one of the lowest percentage of votes in the general elections. However voters  like Irfan think that the recent devastating flood seems to have changed that trend.
Srinagar, the state capital and the largest city in the entire Jammu & Kashmir is notorious for its indifferent attitude towards voting.
They feel that the only way they can take revenge on the ruling National Conference (NC) government is coming out to vote in big numbers against the ruling party.
Srinagar had recorded just a little over 20% voting in the 2008 Assembly elections. It was much lesser in the elections held before that.
The separatists always ask the voters to boycott the elections and they have been quite successful in enforcing the ban.
But, this time the voters across Srinagar are very angry. They are seething with anger. The killer flood has taken away everything from many people and the so-called relief work is moving at a snail's pace.
Most poor and lower middle class people complain that they got nothing from the government in the form of compensation.
The denial of compensation, extreme corruption, the chief minister Omar Abdullah led government's indifferent attitude and a desire for change hoping something better are said to  be the reasons behind the change of heart among the voters of Srinagar.
All eight constituencies in Srinagar were won by the NC in 2008, many by a thin margin.
Gulam Mohammad the 85 years old voter in the city says that people are tired of Abdullah dynasty and they want to put an end to it in this election.
Speaking to IBNLive at Habba Kadal, one of the assembly seats he said "if the people don't vote in big numbers, the National Conference may win a few seats with the backing of their vote bank. If we vote in large numbers, they will be defeated. This time, our vote is for change. We want to teach a lesson to the government which has done nothing for us".
For the first time, the BJP has launched a high decibel campaign in the Kashmir valley. The party mascot and the Prime Minister Narendra Modi's huge billboards have sprung up across Srinagar. He is also addressing a public election meeting in Srinagar on December 6.
It is pinning its hopes on Amira Kadal where it has fielded a qualified dental surgeon Dr. Hina Bhat and Habba Kadal, where it has fielded a Kashmiri Pandit  Motilal Kaul. These two seats have a considerable number of Kashmiri Pandit voters who are residing outside the state.
According to local political analysts, in case  of a very low turn out, the BJP may spring a surprise. If the voting percentage goes up, the BP will have no chance.
When IBNLIVE visited these constituencies situated in the old city, lot of voters said that they would go out to vote this time. According to them the People's Democratic Party (PDP) led by former chief minister Mufti Mohammad Sayeed and his daughter Mehbooba Mufti is clearly ahead of the ruling National Conference in Srinagar.
The Congress, which was a part of the NC led alliance till recently is fighting for its survival.
As a BJP supporter says they have nothing to lose in this election in the Kashmir valley. According to him even a few hundred extra votes are a big  bonus. If the party manages to win even a single seat, it will be a  record.
A voter from Amira Kadal Mohammad Khan says that there is some support for the Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the city and in some parts of the valley.
Elaborating on this he said "I don't know if these sentiments get translated into votes for Modi. But, one can't deny the fact that some people here think that he can do something".
Even after three months, flood relief work has not taken off. Most parts of the city are still struggling to stand on their feet. All residents blame the National Conference government for their plight. They argue that the only way to express their anger is go out and vote in large numbers.
Some even see it as plot to defeat the BJP or to prevent it from gaining a foothold in the Kashmir valley.
Despite the separatists call for a boycott, the electioneering is happenning across Srinagar. Even the BJP posters, banners and bunting are competing with the two major local political parties the PDP and the NC.
Electioneering is expected to reach a crescendo when the PM Narendra Modi will arrive in Srinagar to address a rally on December 6.
Polling in Srinagar's eight constituencies will be held in the fourth phase on December 14 and 95 candidates are in the fray for the 8 seats.
CM Omar Abdullah is contesting from Sonawar. The NC general secretary Ali Mohammad Sagar is taking on the PDP candidate and former trade unionist Khurshid Alam in Khanyar. The NC's provincial president Nasir Aslam Wani is pitted against the BJP's Muslim face Dr. Hina Bhat in Amira Kadal and BJP's Pandit face Motilal Kaul in neighbouring Habba Kadal.
There are 38 Independent candidates in Srinagar. Seven sitting legislators are also seeking re-election.
The main opposition PDP which is making a serious efforts to emerge as the single largest party is confident that Srinagar will come out to vote in large numbers in the elections. "People are realising that elections have no bearing on the Kashmir issue. I am confident that people will vote because they understand that there is an administrative need," a PDP leader told 'The Tribune'.
In Srinagar, the main focus is on door to door campaigning. All the candidates and their supporters are visiting each and every house seeking votes.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

But for video: Tamir Rice editionComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

http://usat.ly/1CBRJIdRegan: Stock rally not done because it's 'game on' for the Fed
Trish Regan for USA TODAY 3:47 p.m. EST December 1, 2014
Trish Regan, anchor and editor-at-large for Bloomberg TV.
(Photo: File)
93 CONNECT 95 TWEET 1123 LINKEDIN 23 COMMENTEMAILMORE
No one likes this rally.  No one trusts this rally.  Most of America doesn't feel connected to this rally.  And yet, as we near the final weeks of 2014, it's time to face reality: Despite its many flaws, the rally  is here for the foreseeable future.  Or, at least, for as long as the Fed continues its push for higher wages.
While the economy has shown recent signs of improvement (GDP, for example, logging 3.9% growth in the most recent quarter and unemployment falling to 5.8% in October) the Fed is still waiting on what has become the holy grail of central bankers — wage growth.  Simply put: The Fed isn't going to budge on rates until it sees an increase in wages.
Theoretically, companies should need to raise wages in order to land better talent.  After all, the labor market, like everything else, is most influenced by simple supply and demand.  We're also living through a period of historically low labor participation rates, and it seems a lot of Americans just aren't motivated to go back to work.  One would think companies would, therefore, offer higher paychecks to lure more workers.
That hasn't happened. Here's why: Companies don't need to hire workers.  Yet.
Sure, corporate earnings are growing, though not thanks to top-line sales growth.  Instead, companies are aggressively putting their balance sheets to work by repurchasing shares (thereby reducing the supply of their own stock in the marketplace, which, in turn, drives up the value of their share price), by making earnings-boosting acquisitions (in part thanks to low rates; after all, what else do you do when money is this cheap?) and by cutting costs, which typically translates into fewer workers.
Stocks set for 'Santa rally' if no naughty news
With all this in mind, there's little expectation of meaningful wage inflation in the near future.  That's bad news for workers and ultimately for our consumer-driven economy. The good news, at least for investors, is that low wages mean it's "game on" for the Fed, and the market should continue its climb fueled by cheap money.
So, as the market marches higher, Apple becomes the most valuable company the world has ever seen, and tech start-ups like Uber land themselves $40 billion market valuations — shouldn't that be good news?
Not necessarily.
Low rates for the foreseeable future may be good for the stock market, but there are other challenges lurking ahead.  How long, for example, can the U.S. economy isolate itself from the downturn in Europe and Asia? America is the largest player in an increasingly interconnected global economy and, as the rest of the world weakens, our goods become increasingly expensive and less attainable to overseas buyers — and that translates to fewer sales and lower profits at U.S. multinationals.
Surging stock markets often get ahead of the economy. But at some point the market has to be supported by economic fundamentals.  Without revenue growth, there's a danger we're witnessing Fed-inspired valuations rather than true, intrinsic value for companies. If that danger does exist, investors seem to be whistling past the graveyard — their complacency evident in the so-called fear gauge, the VIX index, which has fallen from 30 to 12 in the last two months.
Video Keywords Dow Jones Industrial Average Federal Reserve Alabama FaceBook
Santa Claus is not something you associate with the stock market, but that’s exactly one of the things on investors’ minds as we head into December. Video by Jason Allen and Kaveh Rezaei
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:05  You might not associate Santa Claus with a stock market
00:08  that Walsh Richard does. I'm John Wagoner and this is America's
00:11  markets. December's the second month and historically strong period for stocks
00:16  and the second best month for Dow Jones Industrial Average the
00:19  past half century. It's also in the Santa Claus rally takes
00:22  place this seven sessions spurt that begins at the end of
00:25  December has delivered gains every year since 2009. Even though the
00:30  market is already racked up an impressive performances at record levels.
00:33  Odds are good for the rally to continue because the Federal
00:36  Reserve isn't likely to change its easy many ways until wages
00:39  pick up. Something that's not gonna happen for awhile. If recent
00:43  patterns persist home builders will be one of the best performing
00:46  industry sectors as 2014 closes out. And small company stocks could
00:51  prosper as investors try to get ahead of the group's traditional
00:54  January rally. Technology stocks which offense sputter about now. Could bucked
00:59  that trend thanks momentum in big games like apple and FaceBook
01:02  and the lingering buzz from the initial public offerings of the
01:05  likes of Alabama and go pro. Exchange traded funds that invest
01:09  in retailers offer way to play. Important shopping season trends this
01:13  year but if you're thinking about buying and mutual fund this
01:15  month think again he's also get hit with an unnecessary tax
Worst-case scenario? An asset bubble bursts and the Fed, which has maintained zero rates for a record six years, has no policies left to influence the economy.  Though, perhaps it's best to stop worrying and follow the age-old wisdom that if you can't beat (the Fed) you might as well join it. At least for now.
Regan is the anchor of "Street Smart with Trish Regan"daily at 3 p.m. ET on Bloomberg Television. Follow her on Twitter @Trish_Regan.
93 CONNECT 95 TWEET 1123 LINKEDIN 23 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1y0lOt4
MONTHLY MARKETS CHECKUP

DNA evidence proves that King Richard IIIs remains really did end up in a parking lotDNA strongly supports that skeleton was Richard III
View Photos
After recent tests, scientists say they are 99.999 percent sure that remains exhumed in 2012 are those of the king.
Caption
After recent tests, scientists say they are 99.999 percent sure that remains exhumed in 2012 are those of the king.
 Sept. 3, 2013 The remains of England's King Richard III, which were found on a dig in Leicester, England. The king, one of England’s most reviled monarchs, was probably infected with parasitic worms. Researchers who dug up the skeleton have found roundworm eggs in the soil around his pelvis, where his intestines would have been. University of Leicester/via AP
Buy Photo
Wait 1 second to continue.
It makes looking at modern DNA -- which comes in long, sturdy strands -- seem like a piece of cake. "Ancient DNA is far more difficult to work with," lead study author Turi King, a geneticist at the University of Leicester, said Monday during a Nature news conference. After death, DNA starts to degrade into smaller and smaller strands.
"If you were to breathe on [Richard III's] DNA, you'd be depositing huge amounts of your own DNA on it," King said, and you could completely overwhelm your meager sample. So all analysis had to be done in super-sterile conditions and be repeated in multiple labs to check for accuracy.
King and her colleagues tracked down living relatives of the king and analyzed their genetic makeups, checking up and down the lines of inheritance to see whether the centuries-old skeleton fit into the family tree.
For the most part, the genetic connections were as expected. King and her colleagues did find one break in the chain, but this isn't surprising: In that many generations, the likelihood of a "false-paternity event" -- that is, a child fathered by someone other than the man believed to be the father -- is quite high. They can't be sure at what point in the royal lineage this infidelity took place.
But what if the skeleton belonged to a close relative who died in the same battle? There's only one cousin for whom this could even be a remote possibility based on historic documents, King and her colleagues report, and the evidence is in the king's favor.
The combination of circumstances -- someone with this particular DNA, who showed signs of scoliosis, and died in battle at the same time and location as the king -- means that there's less than a one in 100,000 chance that the bones belong to someone else.
"The evidence is overwhelming," King said.
In addition to confirming the king's identity, the researchers have given the world its first real look at the royal's features. The earliest portraits of Richard III were painted decades after his death, leaving his true appearance mysterious -- until now. We now know that he was almost certainly blue-eyed and that he probably had blond hair as a child (though it may have darkened later). You can see a facial reconstruction based on his skull here .
Related:

On #GivingTuesday  meet the start-ups harnessing millennial laziness for actual social goodBy Caitlin Dewey December 2 Follow @caitlindewey
A screenshot from Charitweet’s Web site. Whether this motto mollifies lazy millennials or expresses a philosophical truth depends, of course, on your point of view.
Giving Tuesday — excuse me, #GivingTuesday — is an annual exercise in shameless millennial pandering, wherein charities try to jolt young ‘uns from their presumed apathy with hashtags, selfies, Internet slang and other things that old people think young people like.
In Boston, three actual young people have a better idea. Can’t beat millennials’ taste for the convenient, the comfortable and the vaguely self-involved? Try harnessing it for social good.
This is, in a phrase, the concept behind Charitweet , a philanthropy start-up launched out of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology that aims to make charity so simple, even a smartphone-addicted selfie-taker could do it.
“I think [the term ‘slacktivism’] is a really unfair characterization,” said Charles Huang, one of the site’s co-founders, referring to the popular, derogatory portmanteau for people who only protest or otherwise engage social issues from the comfort of their computer screens. “It’s not like it represents some failure as a society or as a generation. Ecommerce has just made it so easy for me to send money, except when it comes to giving. … Why should donating to charity be harder than buying something on Amazon?”
Essentially, when a user signs up for Charitweet, he or she enters credit card information that the company stores. Then, when our convenience-obsessed Millennial donor wants to make a donation to, say, Watsi — a healthcare nonprofit — he need only send a tweet to @watsi and @chrtwt with a dollar-amount in it. (That $ sign is important: It’s what tells Charitweet, and their mobile-payments vendor, Stripe, that you’re making a donation.) Look, I just did it:
I am donating $1 to @watsi through @chrtwt - RT to join me #GiveBetter https://t.co/FSilFpOQD4
— Caitlin Dewey (@caitlindewey) December 1, 2014
It’s a frictionless, almost passive process. More importantly, in the wake of the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge , #BringBackOurGirls and an avalanche of other very visible, very “viral” campaigns , it’s inherently social in a way that more ham-fisted efforts — #UNselfies , for instance, or Crowdrise’s puzzling “holographic towers” — are not. Perhaps that’s because the three guys behind Charitweet, who all graduated within the past two years, are actually part of the generation they’re targeting. (“We’re all 23,” Huang says, hesitating. “Unless one of us had a birthday? But I don’t think so.”)
He points out that the nonprofits that have really resonated with so-called millennials — think Charity Water or Pencils of Promise or even the infamous Kony 2012 — have really built up their digital presence in a way that feels natural and native to the medium. Young people aren’t supporting those organizations because they’re too lazy to support non-digital efforts, Huang says, or because posting an ice bucket challenge makes you look good. They’re doing it because these charities engage them on their turf.
(Tab for a Cause)
Charitweet is not, incidentally, the only organization trying to give Millennial “slacktivism” a good name. A browser plug-in called Tab for a Cause — devoted, today, to making “giving go viral” — serves up an ad every time you open a browser tab and donates those fractions of cents to charity. It was founded by two college students in 2012. Meanwhile, sites like Brigade and PopVox — both socials network for issue advocacy and political engagement — promise to let users push themselves back to “the center of our democracy,” all without leaving their laptops or dorms.
All of these efforts have their limits, of course — operating costs chief among them. Charitweet collects 5.9 percent of each donation and a flat-fee of 50 cents. (This means, in other words, that less than half of my $1 @watsi tweet will actually make it to the organization.)
These projects also tend to have limited reach, at least at their outset: Even after two years, Tab for a Cause only works with eight charities, and PopVox’s 400,000 registered users are, NPR reports , “people who were already engaged offline.” Charitweet, likewise, is currently partnered with 43 nonprofits, whom it audits according to recommendations from Charity Navigator; tweeting at any other charities won’t work.
Still, Huang and his co-founders think Charitweet has real potential to rebrand slacktivism — to make it, if not a term of pride, at least a source of concrete, demonstrable social good. I ask Huang and one of his co-founders, Colin Sidoti, if there’s any big takeaway people should have on them and what Charitweet’s trying to do.
“We are so awesome,” jokes Sidoti, “and we’re going to change the world.”
How terribly millennial of him! But in some small way, he might be right.
Update: This post originally said Charitweet collects 5.9 percent of each donation OR a flat-fee of 50 cents; they actually collect both. Sorry for the mix-up!
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Wall St. rises; energy leads despite oil weaknessEnergy rally boosts Wall St. despite global growth woes
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
CVS Health
U.S. stocks rose in a volatile Tuesday session as energy shares rallied and investors bet the Federal Reserve will be cautious in removing support in the face of a more fragile global economy.
Futures had crumbled in early trading as the ruble neared 80 per U.S. dollar, down 21 percent. The Russian currency sharply pared its losses and was down about 3 percent, near 68 per dollar.
8
Brent crude fell as much as 4.2 percent but was last down 1.2 percent at $60.36 a barrel. U.S. crude, which fell as much as 4.1 percent, was recently up 0.2 percent at $56.04 a barrel after gaining as much as 2.2 percent.
Energy shares, up 2.9 percent, were the largest gainers on the S&P 500.
"There were many, many stocks, especially in the energy sector that were just trading at absolutely ridiculous prices to their fair market valuation," said Paul Mendelsohn, chief investment strategist at Windham Financial Services in Charlotte, Vermont.
cComments
This article has scant reference to the biggest story on the international scene today, the free fall of the Russian Rouble now at 79 to the dollar, up from the 30s just a short time ago. BBC said today, "Russia's rouble went into free-fall in Tuesday trading, falling repeatedly to...
Kasha11
131
"That is really what started the rally, when investors really started to come into the energy stocks."
Chevron, up 2.6 percent, was leading the points advance in the sector. Chevron's forward price-to-earnings ratio was at 13.6 at the close on Monday, compared to the S&P 500's 16.1, meaning investors pay less for every dollar of Chevron's earnings than they do for the S&P 500 overall.
Among the top percentage gainers, Nabors Industries, up 7.6 percent, had a forward P/E of 8.6, while Denbury Resources' P/E was 8.9. Denbury rose 8.4 percent.
The 43 components of the S&P 500 energy sector were in positive territory.
At 12:57 p.m. EST (1757 GMT) the Dow Jones industrial average rose 118.86 points, or 0.69 percent, to 17,299.7, the S&P 500 gained 12.12 points, or 0.61 percent, to 2,001.75 and the Nasdaq Composite added 11.51 points, or 0.25 percent, to 4,616.67.
Market participants also said bets on the Federal Reserve's next move were giving stocks support. Fed officials will decide this week whether to make a critical change to their policy statement that would widen the door for interest rate hikes next year. In October, The Fed repeated that benchmark rates were unlikely to rise for a "considerable time."
"Perhaps markets think the Fed will not be as on-schedule on taking out that language," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial in Newark, New Jersey.
She said the market is betting the Fed will give consideration to rapidly changing financial conditions. A Fed statement and news conference are expected on Wednesday.
CVS Health Corp, rose 3.8 percent to $94.14 after a strong 2015 forecast. 3M lifted its dividend and was the top points gainer on the Dow industrials with a 2.2 percent advance.
Boeing, up 2.4 percent at $124.95, was among the best performers after it raised its dividend and perked up its buyback program.
NYSE advancing issues outnumbered decliners 2,018 to 996, for a 2.03-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,714 issues rose and 945 fell for a 1.81-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 was posting 10 new 52-week highs and 39 lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 22 new highs and 154 lows.
(Additional reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak; editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

Rahul Gandhi leads protest against BJP govtRahul Gandhi leads protest against BJP govt
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 02, 2014
First Published: 20:45 IST(2/12/2014) | Last Updated: 20:52 IST(2/12/2014)
Comments
A day after the Congress came out with a booklet accusing the BJP of frequent U-turns on critical issues, party vice president Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday led a protest by his party colleagues in the Parliament house against the Narendra Modi government.
Accompanied by party MPs, Gandhi staged the protest near Mahatma Gandhi's statue at the Parliament house complex for about 20 minutes, holding copies of the booklet titled 6 Maheene Paar U-turn Sarkar that listed “repeated somersaults” of the BJP-led government on several issues, including black money, Pakistan, Chinese incursions and Article 370 during its six months in power.
“There is U-turn on black money, on corruption, on CAG. Whatever they promised, they did not fulfill,” Gandhi later said.
In the recent past, Gandhi has been quite active on the political front. Prior to Tuesday’s protest, he Rangpuri Pahadi slums in Delhi where demolition of around 900 housing units had rendered thousands homeless last week. Gandhi then vowed to fight for the poor and warned the Centre against resorting to such actions.
However, the Amethi MP continues to face criticism for not speaking on critical issues in the Lok Sabha where he stayed away from the debate on the black money issue.
Inside the house, Gandhi was seen patting party leader Jyotiraditya Scindia who led the opposition attack over “objectionable remarks” made by union minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti during an election rally in Delhi on Monday. The government later expressed regret over the remarks.

http://usat.ly/1CBZKwYFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Front-running the January effect
If you want to know what to invest in during December, think small and think close to home. Investors that watch seasonal patterns in the stock market have noticed shares of small companies are increasingly
Post to Facebook
Front-running the January effect If you want to know what to invest in during December, think small and think close to home. Investors that watch seasonal patterns in the stock market have noticed shares of small companies are increasingly Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1y4TG8i
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
This story is part of the series MONTHLY MARKETS CHECKUP
Matt Krantz , USA TODAY 3:21 p.m. EST December 1, 2014
Construction crews work on a home in the Brunswick Forest neighborhood in Leland, N.C.
(Photo: Mike Spencer, AP)
6 CONNECT 16 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
If you want to know what to invest in during December, think small and think close to home.
Investors that watch seasonal patterns in the stock market have noticed shares of small companies are increasingly becoming the place to be in December. This has to do with how traders are attempting to game the so-called January effect -- where small stocks beat the market in January -- by jumping in before the end of the year.
Another key trend for investors to watch this month is the tendency of home related stocks to perform well. Homebuilders for instance, have been the best performers in the month of December over the past 24 years.
Video Keywords Dow Jones Industrial Average Federal Reserve Alabama FaceBook
Santa Claus is not something you associate with the stock market, but that’s exactly one of the things on investors’ minds as we head into December. Video by Jason Allen and Kaveh Rezaei
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:05  You might not associate Santa Claus with a stock market
00:08  that Walsh Richard does. I'm John Wagoner and this is America's
00:11  markets. December's the second month and historically strong period for stocks
00:16  and the second best month for Dow Jones Industrial Average the
00:19  past half century. It's also in the Santa Claus rally takes
00:22  place this seven sessions spurt that begins at the end of
00:25  December has delivered gains every year since 2009. Even though the
00:30  market is already racked up an impressive performances at record levels.
00:33  Odds are good for the rally to continue because the Federal
00:36  Reserve isn't likely to change its easy many ways until wages
00:39  pick up. Something that's not gonna happen for awhile. If recent
00:43  patterns persist home builders will be one of the best performing
00:46  industry sectors as 2014 closes out. And small company stocks could
00:51  prosper as investors try to get ahead of the group's traditional
00:54  January rally. Technology stocks which offense sputter about now. Could bucked
00:59  that trend thanks momentum in big games like apple and FaceBook
01:02  and the lingering buzz from the initial public offerings of the
01:05  likes of Alabama and go pro. Exchange traded funds that invest
01:09  in retailers offer way to play. Important shopping season trends this
01:13  year but if you're thinking about buying and mutual fund this
01:15  month think again he's also get hit with an unnecessary tax
December is shaping up to be the final act of a solid year for stocks. The S&P 500 is up more thank 10% already. Shares of small companies are of special interest since they've been bouncing back after lagging. The Russell 2000 index of small stocks is up 0.7% this year, getting back into the black after being crushed in the October swoon. But since October, small caps have been racing back, making some wonder if December is their month to glisten.
"There are a lot of reasons small caps can do well," says Jack Ablin of BMO Private Bank. "I think they're expensive, but they could make an interesting short term trade."
Regan: Stock rally not done because it's 'game on' for the Fed
Traders are liking December since small-stocks not only tend to beat the big guys through January, but the period of outperformance is revving up in the final month of the year. The Russell 2000 has gained 4.7% between Dec. 15 and January 31 on average over the past 35 years, says the Stock Trader's Almanac. That easily tops the 2.7% average gain of the large-company focused Russell 1000 during the same period.
But here's where things get interesting. Small caps gained 3% between Dec. 15 and Dec. 31 on average, which is 60% of the total "January Effect" gain. That means investors who jump in early catch more of the rise.
Small caps have more than just the calendar helping them at the end of the year, too, Ablin says. Investors are more bullish about the U.S. economy than abroad -- and that's good news for small companies which tend to be more focused on the U.S. economy, Ablin says.
December isn't just a battle between large and small stocks. Investors also see industry and sector trends during the month worth paying attention to. And it's clear what investors have on the mind: home-related stocks. Homebuilding stocks are the top performers gaining 8.4% on average in December the past 24 years, according to data from S&P Capital IQ's Sam Stovall. And get this: Homebuilding stocks have topped the S&P 500 91% of the time.
Investors' infatuation with real estate runs deeper than just the homebuilders. The second-best performing industry include companies in building products. Stovall says this industry is gained 6.6% on average in December the past 24 years and beaten the S&P 500 74% of the time.
If there's a group to avoid in December, technology might be it. The information technology sector has gained just 0.9% on average the past 24 years in December, Stovall says. That's about half the average 1.9% gain of the S&P 500 during the month. And tech stocks have only beaten the market 35% of the time during December.
December can be surprising. Big mutual funds tend to dump their losers and pile into stocks that have been working this year during the month, so they can make their year-end reports look impressive. That means winning stocks can get an extra lift and losers' pain get exaggerated. This year-end rush would be yet another vote for small company stocks as managers scramble to add small stocks as they perform better, says Ablin.
"When investors start to pile on, that tends to be bullish," Ablin says.
6 CONNECT 16 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1y4TG8i
MONTHLY MARKETS CHECKUP

The saga of Shawn Parcells  the uncredited forensics expert in the Michael Brown caseBy Radley Balko December 2 Follow @radleybalko
Shawn Parcells speaks about findings in the autopsy of Michael Brown during a press conference at the Greater St. Marks Family Church on August 18, 2014 in Ferguson, Missouri. (Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images)
Over the holiday weekend, CNN aired a pretty hard-hitting investigation of Shawn Parcells , the man who has become something of a cable news celebrity after assisting in an autopsy on Michael Brown.
Parcells became an overnight media star in August when he assisted in an autopsy commissioned by Brown’s family. He appeared time and again on major media outlets as a forensic pathology expert. He said over the years he’s testified in court dozens of times in several states.
But an investigation by CNN that included interviews with attorneys, law enforcement and physicians suggests Parcells isn’t the expert he seems to be . . .
Parcells, a Kansas native, says he became interested in death at age 12 when his grandfather passed away.
“I actually started doing autopsies my junior year in high school,” he said. “I’ve been doing this a long time. I love it.”
Right after high school, renowned pathologist Michael Baden made a visit to Kansas. Parcells snapped a photo with him.
By college, Parcells said, he was teaching first-year residents how to do autopsies. The campus newspaper, The Kansas State Collegian, wrote an article about him in 1999 headlined “Morbid Curiosity.”
He received a bachelor’s degree in life sciences from Kansas State in 2003, and he said he was immediately accepted to medical school in the Caribbean, but his wife got pregnant and he wanted her to receive her care in the United States, so he didn’t attend.
Earlier this year, Parcells’ LinkedIn page said he expected to start medical school at the International University of the Health Sciences in the Caribbean starting in September 2014. Later, the date was changed to 2015.
When CNN visited Parcells in his Overland Park, Kansas, home, he presented a photo of himself onstage at what appears to be a graduation ceremony at the New York Chiropractic College.
“I got a master’s degree in anatomy and physiology, with clinical correlation,” he said.
Asked where his diploma was, he replied that it was on the way. “It’s coming,” he said. “They mail it to you.”
The next day, at another on-camera interview, the conversation went like this:
CNN: So that master’s degree in New York, you have that degree?
Parcells: I will have it next month, yes.
CNN: I don’t mean the piece of paper. I mean have you been conferred that degree?
Parcells: Yes, I will. Next month.
CNN: Right now, as we speak, you have that degree?
Parcells: No, I do not.
Parcells doesn’t claim to have any specific license or certification to do the work he does. He knows how to do autopsies from “on-the-job training,” watching pathologists and assisting them at various morgues, he said . . .
He certainly sounded knowledgeable and authoritative on August 18 when he presented the findings of the Michael Brown autopsy to a nationally televised news conference.
[Dr. Michael] Baden, who conducted the autopsy, spoke first, and then introduced Parcells, saying he “has been instrumental in the autopsy evaluation.”
“First of all, I’m Professor Shawn Parcells,” Parcells said as he stood to address the reporters.
On his LinkedIn page and to CNN, Parcells said he’s an adjunct professor at Washburn University in Topeka, Kansas — but a spokeswoman for the university told CNN that’s not true.
“(Parcells) is not now and has never been a member of the Washburn University faculty,” university spokeswoman Michaela Saunders wrote in an email to CNN, adding that at one point, Parcells spoke without receiving pay to two groups of nursing students about the role of a pathologist’s assistant and gave a PowerPoint presentation and answered students’ questions.
Law enforcement officials in other parts of Missouri say Parcells misrepresented himself as a doctor:
Grant Gillett, a deputy sheriff in Andrew County, Missouri, said Parcells told them he was a doctor — a pathologist specifically — when he walked into the funeral home to do the Forrester autopsy.
Dustin Jeffers, who was also a deputy at the time, said Parcells identified himself as a doctor. The Andrew County Sheriff’s Office incident report refers to him as “Pathologist Shawn Parcells” and “Dr. Shawn Parcells Pathologist.”
Parcells says he never told the deputies he was a doctor.
“If they want to think I’m a doctor, that’s their issue,” Parcells told CNN. “People assume stuff all the time. And they may never ask. It’s bad that they’re assuming and that they never asked. If they want to think I’m a physician, then more power to them.”
Officials in another county in Missouri filed a complaint with the Missouri Board of Registration for the Healing Arts when they found out Parcells “conducted (an) autopsy with no pathologist present.” The board reviewed the complaint about the 2011 autopsy and voted to close the case.
Pathologists interviewed by CNN say they’re concerned that a man who has no formal education in pathology is giving testimony in court that could possibly help put innocent people in jail or let guilty people go free.
The CNN report also mentions several specific cases in which Parcells appears to have conducted autopsies on his own without a doctor present, and one bizarre case in which he may have lost a man’s brain.
The autopsy for Michael Brown’s family was allegedly conducted by Dr. Michael Baden. He’s a fairly famous forensic pathologist, generally well-regarded and board certified. But in my own reporting on the ongoing controversy involving Mississippi medical examiner Steven Hayne , I’ve found Baden to be disturbingly tolerant of the bad actors in his profession. With Hayne, for example, Baden has criticized Hayne’s work in specific cases, but generally defended him to local media outlets like the Jackson Clarion-Ledger. That a famous pathologist like Baden will defend Hayne makes it appear as though Hayne’s critics are just outside agitators and anti-death penalty activists like the Innocence Project — and that the criticisms of his massive workload and less-than-credibile testimony are mere disagreements between professionals, not the product of a man operating well outside the bounds of respectable medical science. Baden’s defenses of Hayne have given cover to state officials who have refused to conduct a systematic review of the thousands of cases in which he has testified.
I suspect that just as Baden’s defenses of Hayne skewed discussion of Hayne’s credibility, his appearance with Parcells at that press conference at least temporarily immunized Parcells from criticism. That’s troubling, because CNN’s report wasn’t exactly breaking news. Parcells’s credibility problems were actually first reported in the St. Louis Post-Dispatch in May of 2013 .  That article and other allegations then resurfaced when Parcells appeared with Baden at the press conference. Here, for example, is an August 21st post at the Pathology Blawg, written anonymously by a surgical pathologist:
I first wrote about Mr. Parcells in May 2013 after an article in the St. Louis Post-Dispatch discussed concerns some Missouri prosecuting attorneys and county coroners had that Mr. Parcells, who only has a Bachelor’s degree, was performing unsupervised forensic autopsies without the appropriate qualifications.  Readers can refer to my earlier article or the Post-Dispatch piece for details.
Mr. Parcells contacted me via email a few weeks after my article went out and stated he wanted to “clear the air and present the truth”.  I called him back and we spoke for about 10 or 15 minutes, and then he provided me with a written rebuttal to the Post-Dispatch story.
Fast forward to August 2014.  After 18 year old Michael Brown was killed by Officer Darren Wilson, St. Louis County Chief Medical Examiner Dr. Mary Case performed  an autopsy . The family (or its attorney) then requested a second, private autopsy.
I was not the least bit surprised to see the family had asked Dr. Baden to perform the second autopsy, as there are very few forensic pathologists in this day and age who have the visibility and name recognition Dr. Baden has.
But I was very surprised to see Shawn Parcells standing on Dr. Baden’s right during the press conference in which the results of the second autopsy were revealed.
The post notes that by the end of August, Parcells had not only been quoted in numerous media outlets as an authority, he had been erroneously identified as a “forensic pathologist” by CBS, the BBC, the Associated Press, and in at least one article  here at The Washington Post . (You can’t be a forensic pathologist without a medical degree.)
On September 1 , the Kansas City Star ran a long article on Parcells and his sudden, national notoriety. (Fox 4 in Kansas City also ran a report in August .) The article describes the prior accusations against him, and characterizes his new-found fame as “vindication.” This passage in particular is striking:
Parcells said his work on the Brown case has him thinking, more than ever, about the future. He said he now is pondering going back to school for a master’s degree or perhaps enrolling in medical school.
“I need to get more credentials,” he said. “I love forensics and helping families. I’m OK with going to the next level.”
Think about that for a moment. This has been one of the most volatile, closely-watched stories of the year, and a story in which much of America is still trying to figure out what happened. It is a story with profound implications on race relations and policing — one where the slightest change in a narrative could have cascading effects throughout the country. An autopsy won’t always tell you what happened, but it can certainly help guide the narrative. An unethical medical examiner can do a lot of damage. And yet here was someone quoted authoritatively in newspapers across the country as a forensic pathologist, who was being proclaimed as a medical expert on cable news show after cable news show . . . now admitting he “need[ed] to get more credentials” — and pondering that perhaps he’ll go to medical school . . . someday. And he continued to appear on cable news after those admissions.
How does this happen? I think Baden’s implicit endorsement certainly contributed. The entire field of forensics is also rife with problems. The courts  have also done a poor job keeping bad science out of criminal trials, keeping charlatans off the witness stand, and separating the good, science-based methods of analysis from subjective hokum. This is just another manifestation of that problem.
But the media outlets who continued to give Parcells a platform don’t get off the hook. (And that includes CNN itself .) As the Star article points out, one reason why Parcells became a regular on cable news is that he was one of the few people with inside knowledge who was willing to talk about the case. They were giving Ferguson saturation coverage. He was willing to talk. It was a good fit. Never mind that the guy had no business offering himself up as an expert. Cable news is more about stoking biases and inflaming partisans than about informing viewers.
And bias is part of the problem as well. Highly-charged, emotional stories continue to produce some strikingly unskeptical reporting, particularly stories that include a racial/political component. Several conservative websites, for example, picked up on Parcells’s  history back in August . But Parcells was hired by the Brown family, so progressive sites like Wonkette belittled the accusations against Parcells , and accused the conservative sites of pushing their own narrative. Both sides were doing the pushing, of course. And it’s worth noting that Gateway Pundit, the same conservative site that correctly warned about Parcells, was also quick to publish erroneous information that advanced its own preferred Ferguson narrative.
A climate like this doesn’t allow any room to be both skeptical of Parcells’s credibility problems and still troubled by the shooting of Michael Brown. As with the Trayvon Martin story, once the lines have been drawn, nuance is dead. You’re either all-in on all of the talking points, or you’re on the other side.
Once a story has been infected with this level of conflict, neither side is much interested in facts or truth. Pointing out that Shawn Parcells may be a fraud is just signalling that you support Darren Wilson. Mocking those who question Parcells’s credibility lets the world know that you’re with the Brown family. Unfortunately, whether or not the guy who assisted on Brown’s autopsy and has since been proffering his opinions on televisions across America actually is a fraud quickly becomes irrelevant.
Read more here: http://www.kansascity.com/news/local/crime/article1337089.html#storylink=
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

http://usat.ly/12mWYMeFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Sprint deal: Half price for AT&T, Verizon defectors
Sprint is trying to entice AT&T and Verizon Wireless customers to defect by promising to slash their wireless bills in half.
Post to Facebook
Sprint deal: Half price for AT&T, Verizon defectors Sprint is trying to entice AT&T and Verizon Wireless customers to defect by promising to slash their wireless bills in half. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1ybYjxm
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
43
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Sprint deal: Half price for AT&T, Verizon defectors
Edward C. Baig , USA TODAY 8:11 p.m. EST December 4, 2014
A Sprint store is seen in Fort Lauderdale.
(Photo: Joe Raedle, Getty Images)
19473 CONNECT 153 TWEET 47 LINKEDIN 43 COMMENTEMAILMORE
NEW YORK — Sprint is trying to entice AT&T and Verizon Wireless customers to defect by promising to slash their wireless bills in half.
The beleaguered No. 3 U.S. wireless carrier has adopted an aggressive stance since CEO Marcelo Claure took the reins this summer. That aggression reaches new levels with the half-price deal that takes effect  Friday.
Under the plan, Sprint will provide unlimited talk and text to anywhere in the U.S. network, while matching the data allowance for half the price that AT&T and Verizon customers are currently paying.
As an added incentive, activation fees are waived, and Sprint will pay any early termination fees or installment billing obligations for switchers, up to $350 per line. Those people will be paid with  repaid Visa cards. The half-price deal goes for the life of the plan, but the promotion itself is temporary, with Sprint not specifying how long it will last.
Sprint says the half-off rate will be based on the monthly voice, text and data rate plan charge for all lines on the customer's Verizon or AT&T bill. So, a Verizon customer paying $140 per month for four lines of service to share can get four lines of service from Sprint for $70 per month. You will have to swap out your old phone for a new device.
The half-rate deal does not apply to current Sprint customers or to customers of T-Mobile, which has been a disruptive low-cost force in the industry.
Sprint says AT&T and Verizon combined have about 70% market share and traditionally the highest prices.
A rumored merger between Sprint and T-Mobile never got off the ground largely because of concerns that such a union would not meet regulatory approval.
19473 CONNECT 153 TWEET 47 LINKEDIN 43 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1ybYjxm
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer still on the run | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Budweiser Ditches Clydesdalesreddit
Budweiser is retiring its iconic holiday Clydesdale horse commercials amid declining sales and intense competition from craft beers, according to a report published on Sunday in The Wall Street Journal.
The move comes as part of Budweiser's broader efforts to convince 21-to-27-year-olds that its beer is still relevant. The brand plans to tap into millennials' vampire obsession (red "Bloodweiser" has appeared at selected bars), make YouTube-friendly commercials and sponsor music festivals and shows, such as the Made In America Festival with Jay-Z.
A Budweiser advertisement from 1987
The horses won't appear in the seasonal ads during the winter holiday. They will, however, be present in other Budweiser marketing activities.
"Budweiser Clydesdales will, in fact, be featured in next year’s Super Bowl advertising and are also a part of upcoming holiday responsible drinking advertising," Jeffrey Grass, an Anheuser-Busch spokesman, told The Huffington Post in an email Monday.
The Budweiser Clydesdales were introduced in 1933 to celebrate the end of Prohibition, according to the beer's website . Since then, the horses have been a dominant feature of Budweiser advertising, major sporting events and even presidential inaugurations .
"From their first appearance in 1933 to their enduring presence on the American landscape, the Clydesdales are more than the symbol of Budweiser beer; they are the living embodiment of America’s great industrial spirit," the beer's website reads.
The Clydesdales may be a nostalgic symbol for older beer drinkers, but Budweiser has faced massive problems reaching the younger generation. Forty-four percent of 21-to-27-year-old drinkers have never even tried Budweiser, Anheuser-Busch InBev NV, the company that owns Budweiser, told WSJ.
Budweiser hit its peak in 1988, when it sold some 50 million barrels of beer. Last year, the brand only sold 16 million barrels, according to the WSJ report. The beer's sales have declined as more Americans reach for light beers (Bud Light is the #1 selling beer in the U.S.), flavored alcoholic drinks like Lime-a-Rita, which is another AB InBev product, and craft beers.
Still, Budweiser's Clydesdale commercials tend to be smash hits, like last year's "Puppy Love," which was the most popular TV ad of the Super Bowl:
This story has been updated to include comment from Budweiser.
More:

Will the liberal Osborne please stand upWill the liberal George Osborne please stand up
Janan Ganesh
The UK’s political currents are for turning inwards – the resistance is in the chancellor’s hands
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d7832dd4-7943-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Crude Price Slide Tests Unconventional Oil Producers: IEAImport Tariff Value on Gold, Silver Raised
Brussels: Falling crude prices are an unprecedented test for producers of unconventional oil and a golden opportunity for governments to phase out costly subsidies, the head of the International Energy Agency (IEA) said on Monday.
Global benchmark Brent crude has dropped by around 40 per cent since June. Selling accelerated last week after the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) decided against output curbs to support the market.
"The economics of unconventional oil have never been tested in this way before," IEA Executive Director Maria van der Hoeven said in an interview.
Unconventional oil is produced through techniques other than conventional crude extraction. It includes crude produced from shale oil and oil sands.
She said investment was needed in oil to offset the decline of mature fields and cope with demand growth, led by Asia, and it was too soon to say whether that would be forthcoming.
"Breakeven varies from block to block," she said. "Light tight oil producers in the US, Canadian oil sands are achieving impressive cost savings. We have to wait and see."
At the same time, the IEA is pushing for more efficient use of fuel and a changed energy mix, including carbon-free nuclear and renewable generation.
"It is not the moment for policy-makers to forget the big picture. They should seize the opportunity to adopt some kind of carbon tax and to phase out fossil fuel subsidies," van der Hoeven said.
Indonesia has already announced a deep cut in subsidies, helping to address the nation's biggest fiscal problem - a $23 billion fuel subsidy bill.
Globally, fossil fuel subsidies amounted to $550 billion in 2013, the IEA said.
Major economic thinkers, such as the World Bank, have lent their voice to calls to phase out fuel subsidies, which encourage energy waste and tend to benefit the car driving higher classes rather than those most in need.
Van der Hoeven was in Brussels for the launch of an IEA review of EU energy policy and to meet European Commission officials.
She said the EU had work to do to complete its single energy market and reinforce its Emissions Trading System to remove a surplus of permits that has pushed the cost of allowances down to around 7 euros per tonne, too little to encourage low carbon fuel.
Van der Hoeven would not be drawn on the precise date when the EU needs to bring on a proposed carbon market reserve to remove the glut of allowances, but said speed was crucial.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

How to Effectively Use Management Consultantsreddit
A management consultant, like a doctor, will diagnose the problem (illness), offer solutions (remedy), discuss the possible consequences of each alternative (the side effects), help to implement the decision (treatment), and observe closely to see that the suggestions are followed correctly to avoid unintended consequences (follow-up visits). And just as a doctor may work only with the patient or involve the family in the treatment, a consultant may work with just the CEO, the management group, or the total organization. Both the consultant and the doctor will reassess and change the course of action or treatment if necessary.
As a management consultant, I am often called on to help an organization in trouble, but it is easier to know when a person is ill and needs a doctor than when an organization is sick and needs a consultant. What are some of the problems that may require these services?
Personality clashes may cause a group to work ineffectively, relations may be strained by power conflicts between different groups, or leaders may be unable to steer an effective course of action. The problem could also be in the system as a whole: the labor market or physical conditions are untenable or there is a general climate of malaise. When a CEO or manager is unable to cope with these problems alone, it is time to call in a consultant. The consulting process can be applied to any organization: a school, hospital, corporate office, bank, retirement community, factory, shop.
There are times when the objective viewpoint of an outside specialist is essential to solving the problem, whether it be diagnosing the difficulty, locating it within the organization, devising a solution, or implementing the new course of action. Spotting and eradicating trouble relies on a collaborative effort between the client and the consultant. Without top management's support, little can be accomplished. The consultant needs will gain the necessary credibility by demonstrating knowledge of what questions to ask, how to listen, what to look for, and how to observe.
The consultant will diagnose the organization in order to answer the question "What is really going on?" using data gathered from inside of outside the organization. Questionnaires may be sent to all employees or just to representative groups or key people may be interviewed. The challenge is to ask the right questions so that the correct issues will be addressed. It is also important for the consultant to spend some time in the organization in order to observe the various interactions.
Frequently, the information is fed back into the system. This means that the findings are reported back, often anonymously to safeguard confidentiality, giving people in the organization some indication of the issues involved. This knowledge allows the decision makers to understand the results and participate in a plan of action.
For instance, let us take poor performance: People don't perform up-to-standards due to one of three reasons, they are willing, but unable to due to their own limitations; the question then is can they be trained? Or they have the ability and desire, but they are being prevented by other employees, management, lack of resources, or policies; the question then is can theses obstacle be removed? Or, people could perform, but are not willing due to laziness, lack of motivation or different priorities; the question here is what can be done to get them on-board? Can anyone else in the organization act as a coach? A consultant defines the problems with the employees and sees if they can generate ideas on how to improve their own performance with specific benchmarks for evaluations on progress.
The next step--implementation--is a series of interventions. Intervention means change, and change is always a risk and most people resist it. This step demands the ability to deal with the resistance as well as the sense of how far to push against it. The consultant needs to think through not only the intended consequences but also the possible unintended ones.
The evaluation phase may be challenging. Assessing whether the feedback and changes made are having a positive outcome is usually a process rather than an end product. The ability to deal with error and change direction if necessary is a critical skill in this area.
The last phase is termination, requiring the ability to know when to stop. This is not always easy, because a mutual dependence may have occurred, and the desire to continue this experience may be strong for both the people in the organization and the consultant.
Using the eyes and ears of a person from outside the organization will make it easier to discover a different perspective and promote a novel solution.
Follow Dr. Natasha Josefowitz on Twitter: www.twitter.com/NatashaJosefowi
More:

Dr. Natasha JosefowitzHow to Effectively Use Management Consultants
(0) Comments | Posted December  1, 2014 | 6:06 PM
A management consultant, like a doctor, will diagnose the problem (illness), offer solutions (remedy), discuss the possible consequences of each alternative (the side effects), help to implement the decision (treatment), and observe closely to see that the suggestions are followed correctly to avoid unintended consequences (follow-up visits). And just as...
The Line Between Depression and Exuberance
(0) Comments | Posted November 19, 2014 | 4:44 PM
May of us live somewhere between depression and exuberance. Not quite exuberant, there is enthusiasm, and just below that, happiness, then a bit lower is satisfaction, then we get to "just treading water" kind of waiting for something to happen. Under that there is dissatisfaction, then unhappiness, sadness, and finally,...
How Your Personality Type Can Determine Your Retirement Type
(5) Comments | Posted September  3, 2014 | 6:53 AM
As an 87-year-old, I have my own theory about why some people retire happily and others get depressed or ill upon retirement, about why some people drive fast and like rollercoaster rides and horror movies, and others-- like me-- absolutely refuse to see anything violent and frightening and have always...
How to Use Jokes, Irony and Sarcasm
(0) Comments | Posted August 28, 2014 | 4:10 PM
A few days ago, I was standing at the ticket booth of a theater asking to have a couple of tickets reprinted because my friend had left them in his car. I tried to be funny and said to the ticket seller, "My stupid friend forgot his ticket. Could you...
An Octogenarian's Adventures In Online Dating
(3) Comments | Posted July 11, 2014 | 8:01 AM
That's really scary, I said to Heather, my 46-year-old trainer. I don't want to do this. Heather insisted, it was not about a new set of exercises that she was promoting, it was for me to get online on a dating site. As I was resisting, stating huge embarrassment, she...
A New Look at the 7 Emotional States of Loss
(7) Comments | Posted July  7, 2014 | 1:26 PM
Everyone deals with pain differently. What helps me is trying to understand it. When my husband died, the pain was so intense that I wondered whether I would survive it. I did survive and decided to learn and write about the pain of loss and the process of healing. I...
Avoiding the Clonal Effect
(6) Comments | Posted July  1, 2014 | 3:31 PM
The ongoing diversity problem in the tech industry was brought to light recently by Google's disclosure of its employment statistics (only 30 percent female and 2 percent African American). While some commenters blame the tech culture specifically, my experience with organizations across many industries has led me to another conclusion:...
A History of Complaints About Technology
(7) Comments | Posted May 28, 2014 | 12:14 PM
I am in the age group that decries new technology. We are not only the un-wired generation, we are now becoming the un-wireless generation.
When I had young children, I wished to be married to a pediatrician, now I wish for a computer professional. When my grandchildren visit, they set...

New Rules: Cyprus-style Bail-ins to Take Deposits and Pensionsreddit
On the weekend of November 16th, the G20 leaders whisked into Brisbane, posed for their photo ops, approved some proposals, made a show of roundly disapproving of Russian President Vladimir Putin, and whisked out again. It was all so fast, they may not have known what they were endorsing when they rubber-stamped the Financial Stability Board's "Adequacy of Loss-Absorbing Capacity of Global Systemically Important Banks in Resolution," which completely changes the rules of banking.
Russell Napier, writing in ZeroHedge , called it "the day money died." In any case, it may have been the day deposits died as money. Unlike coins and paper bills, which cannot be written down or given a "haircut," says Napier, deposits are now "just part of commercial banks' capital structure." That means they can be "bailed in" or confiscated to save the megabanks from derivative bets gone wrong.
Rather than reining in the massive and risky derivatives casino, the new rules prioritize the payment of banks' derivatives obligations to each other , ahead of everyone else. That includes not only depositors, public and private, but the pension funds that are the target market for the latest bail-in play, called "bail-inable" bonds.
"Bail in" has been sold as avoiding future government bailouts and eliminating too big to fail (TBTF). But it actually institutionalizes TBTF, since the big banks are kept in business by expropriating the funds of their creditors.
It is a neat solution for bankers and politicians, who don't want to have to deal with another messy banking crisis and are happy to see it disposed of by statute. But a bail-in could have worse consequences than a bailout for the public. If your taxes go up, you will probably still be able to pay the bills. If your bank account or pension gets wiped out, you could wind up in the street or sharing food with your pets.
In theory, US deposits under $250,000 are protected by federal deposit insurance; but deposit insurance funds in both the US and Europe are woefully underfunded, particularly when derivative claims are factored in. The problem is graphically illustrated in this chart from a March 2013 ZeroHedge post:
More on that after a look at the new bail-in provisions and the powershift they represent.
Bail-in in Plain English
The Financial Stability Board (FSB) that now regulates banking globally began as a group of G7 finance ministers and central bank governors organized in a merely advisory capacity after the Asian crisis of the late 1990s. Although not official, its mandates effectively acquired the force of law after the 2008 crisis, when the G20 leaders were brought together to endorse its rules. This ritual now happens annually , with the G20 leaders rubberstamping rules aimed at maintaining the stability of the private banking system, usually at public expense.
According to an International Monetary Fund paper titled " From Bail-out to Bail-in: Mandatory Debt Restructuring of Systemic Financial Institutions ":
[B]ail-in . . . is a statutory power of a resolution authority (as opposed to contractual arrangements, such as contingent capital requirements) to restructure the liabilities of a distressed financial institution by writing down its unsecured debt and/or converting it to equity. The statutory bail-in power is intended to achieve a prompt recapitalization and restructuring of the distressed institution.
The language is a bit obscure, but here are some points to note:
•  What was formerly called a "bankruptcy" is now a "resolution proceeding." The bank's insolvency is "resolved" by the neat trick of turning its liabilities into capital. Insolvent TBTF banks are to be "promptly recapitalized" with their "unsecured debt" so that they can go on with business as usual.
•  " Unsecured debt" includes deposits , the largest class of unsecured debt of any bank. The insolvent bank is to be made solvent by turning our money into their equity - bank stock that could become worthless on the market or be tied up for years in resolution proceedings.
•  The power is statutory. Cyprus-style confiscations are to become the law.
•  Rather than having their assets sold off and closing their doors, as happens to lesser bankrupt businesses in a capitalist economy, "zombie" banks are to be kept alive and open for business at all costs - and the costs are again to be to borne by us.
The Latest Twist: Putting Pensions at Risk with "Bail-Inable" Bonds
First they came for our tax dollars. When governments declared "no more bailouts," they came for our deposits. When there was a public outcry against that, the FSB came up with a "buffer" of securities to be sacrificed before deposits in a bankruptcy. In the latest rendition of its bail-in scheme , TBTF banks are required to keep a buffer equal to 16-20% of their risk-weighted assets in the form of equity or bonds convertible to equity in the event of insolvency.
Called "contingent capital bonds", "bail-inable bonds" or "bail-in bonds," these securities say in the fine print that the bondholders agree contractually (rather than being forced statutorily) that if certain conditions occur (notably the bank's insolvency), the lender's money will be turned into bank capital.
However, even 20% of risk-weighted assets may not be enough to prop up a megabank in a major derivatives collapse. And we the people are still the target market for these bonds, this time through our pension funds.
In a policy brief from the Peterson Institute for International Economics titled " Why Bail-In Securities Are Fool's Gold ", Avinash Persaud warns, "A key danger is that taxpayers would be saved by pushing pensioners under the bus."
It wouldn't be the first time. As Matt Taibbi noted in a September 2013  article titled "Looting the Pension Funds ," "public pension funds were some of the most frequently targeted suckers upon whom Wall Street dumped its fraud-riddled mortgage-backed securities in the pre-crash years."
Wall Street-based pension fund managers, although losing enormous sums in the last crisis, will not necessarily act more prudently going into the next one. All the pension funds are struggling with commitments made when returns were good, and getting those high returns now generally means taking on risk.
Other than the pension funds and insurance companies that are long-term bondholders, it is not clear what market there will be for bail-in bonds. Currently, most holders of contingent capital bonds are investors focused on short-term gains, who are liable to bolt at the first sign of a crisis. Investors who held similar bonds in 2008 took heavy losses. In a Reuters sampling of potential investors , many said they would not take that risk again. And banks and "shadow" banks are specifically excluded as buyers of bail-in bonds, due to the "fear of contagion": if they hold each other's bonds, they could all go down together.
Whether the pension funds go down is apparently not of concern.
Propping Up the Derivatives Casino: Don't Count on the FDIC
Kept inviolate and untouched in all this are the banks' liabilities on their derivative bets, which represent by far the largest exposure of TBTF banks. According to the New York Times :
American banks have nearly $280 trillion of derivatives on their books, and they earn some of their biggest profits from trading in them.
These biggest of profits could turn into their biggest losses when the derivatives bubble collapses.
Both the Bankruptcy Reform Act of 2005 and the Dodd Frank Act provide special protections for derivative counterparties, giving them the legal right to demand collateral to cover losses in the event of insolvency. They get first dibs, even before the secured deposits of state and local governments ; and that first bite could consume the whole apple, as illustrated in the above chart.
The chart also illustrates the inadequacy of the FDIC insurance fund to protect depositors. In a May 2013 article in USA Today titled " Can FDIC Handle the Failure of a Megabank? ", Darrell Delamaide wrote:
[T]he biggest failure the FDIC has handled was Washington Mutual in 2008. And while that was plenty big with $307 billion in assets, it was a small fry compared with the $2.5 trillion in assets today at JPMorgan Chase, the $2.2 trillion at Bank of America or the $1.9 trillion at Citigroup.
. . . There was no possibility that the FDIC could take on the rescue of a Citigroup or Bank of America when the full-fledged financial crisis broke in the fall of that year and threatened the solvency of even the biggest banks.
That was, in fact, the reason the US Treasury and the Federal Reserve had to step in to bail out the banks: the FDIC wasn't up to the task. The 2010 Dodd-Frank Act was supposed to ensure that this never happened again. But as Delamaide writes, there are "numerous skeptics that the FDIC or any regulator can actually manage this, especially in the heat of a crisis when many banks are threatened at once."
All this fancy footwork is to prevent a run on the TBTF banks, in order to keep their derivatives casino going with our money. Warren Buffett called derivatives "weapons of financial mass destruction," and many commentators warn that they are a time bomb waiting to explode . When that happens, our deposits, our pensions, and our public investment funds will all be subject to confiscation in a "bail in." Perhaps it is time to pull our money out of Wall Street and set up our own banks - banks that will serve the people because they are owned by the people.
Follow Ellen Brown on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ellenhbrown
More:

4 Strategies NASA Used to Market the Moonreddit
Becoming an astronaut was my biggest childhood dream. Who wrote it for me?
Like most kids, I wanted to be an astronaut. To compensate for geographical distance to Cape Canaveral (I grew up in small-town Germany), my best friend and I designed Apollo mission shirts, erected a replica of 2001's famous monolith on our front lawn, transformed our door bell into a Hal 9000 front panel, and built a space observatory on the roof of our house.
Most people look at NASA as a space agency and at my childhood projects as natural activities. However, NASA is probably one of the most successful marketing agencies in the 20th century and my childhood is evidence of its enduring influence on society and individual biographies. Long before Steve Jobs did his meticulously planned product launches, NASA managed to enrol millions of people in one of the biggest science education projects known to man. And whereas Steve Jobs would get hung up on tiny little iPhones, NASA had a really bold innovation in stock: the Moon.
So how did NASA market the Moon? David Meerman Scott and Richard Jurek provide some fascinating clues in their book Marketing the Moon (2014). In the following, I add some of my own thoughts to offer a four-step model (based on an analysis of the rise of Botox Cosmetic).
Problematization
First of all, marketing the Moon required a larger political imperative. If the Moon was to be a solution to strive for collectively, as a nation, what on Earth was the problem? The Moon, a piece of rock, had to be made an obligatory passage point in winning a more existential struggle between forces of good and evil -- or the free world and communism. In cases where innovators have created a solution that is looking for a problem, marketers call this strategy problematization -- defining a problem that has the potential to advance the focal actor's economic or political goals.
Interessement
Just claiming that the Moon is an object of political interest was not enough, however. The Moon had to also be made an object of scientific interest. Unfortunately, most scientists before 1961 regarded the Moon as a pretty trivial object. Now NASA had to persuade them, through grants and scholarships, to redirect their research interests and agendas away from whatever they were working on and instead embrace the Moon. Likewise, citizens needed to be made to fall in love with rocket science, physics, astronomy, geology, and engineering. These disciplines could not only lend legitimacy to the project far beyond the political level. They also helped raise interest for other critical non-human actors such as the space suit, the oxygen tank, or the Moon rock.
Enrollment
Situating the Moon within a larger political struggle and making the quest a science project had given new meanings to the Moon, science, technology, and the nation as a whole. But in order to captivate regular people, more work had to be done. The Moon had to be pushed into the American living room. Sociologically speaking, the emerging assemblage had to be translated into the everyday, and the media was the key to accomplishing this goal. Along these lines, NASA created a host of PR materials, fully-produced radio newscasts, interview reels, and brochures. PR people began to downplay rocket scientist Wernher von Braun's dark Nazi past and instead played him up as a grandfatherly storyteller. The astronauts, their wives, their children, and even their pets were enlisted as media personalities, bringing the Moon ever closer into the American home. These personalities not only gave the Moon a human face. They also translated the complexity of a Moon mission into an easily consumable way of being American: creative, curious, scientific, hardworking, and boldly reaching for the stars. Marketers call this strategy enrollment -- creating a network of representatives that translate the focal product into concrete, everyday social roles.
Mobilization
Lastly, citizens had to take their ascribed roles. For most of them, it meant turning on the TV at the right time and watching the action unfold. For me and millions of other kids born after 1961, it meant taking their seats on the roof of their parents' house at night to watch the Moon with their telescopes. For most of my life, I looked at these events as moments of freedom and autonomy. It took me a while to realize that this was exactly the place where Marketing Mission Control wanted me to be.
So what has NASA really done? Putting a man on the Moon is certainly impressive. But the real accomplishment took place here on Earth. NASA has reshaped politics, science, technology, America, the family, and my childhood. It has created an enormous amount of new meanings, styles, associations, and fantasy worlds that live on in Daft Punk videos, Hollywood movies, and Elon Musk's rocket engineering projects.
From a more critical perspective, however, it has also created several generations of citizens with a Moon fetish -- folks who looked to the Moon and the stars, thereby neglecting to look at each other.
Follow Markus Giesler on Twitter: www.twitter.com/drgiesler
More:

Smartphone application to allow loss of phones to be reportedFacebook's India user base grows to 112 million
A ‘citizen cop’ smartphone application downloaded by 46,000 cellular phone users so far, would enable people to report the loss of their cell phones, ATM cards, passports and other important documents online, a senior police official said here today.
“With the addition of new features on the ‘Citizen Cop’ smartphone application, people can report the loss of mobile phones, ATM cards, passport, PAN cards and Aadhar cards online and complainant would also get a receipt for the complaint on their email address,” Inspector General (IG) Indore Range, Vipin Maheshwari told reporters.
Another new feature added to the application would also help people find out whether the second hand vehicle they plan to purchase was a stolen one, he said.
He said that details of vehicles stolen from here during the last five years have being uploaded onto the smart phone application.
TAGS: Mobiles Smartphone Smartphone Apps
More from industry

Oil Takes Breather in Asian TradeYou are here: Home Market
Oil Takes Breather in Asian Trade
Agence France Presse | Updated On: December 02, 2014 09:14 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Singapore: Crude prices fell in Asia Tuesday but losses were curbed as dealers took a breather after days of sharp sell-offs following OPEC's decision to hold output levels despite global oversupply.
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate (WTI) for January delivery was down 66 cents to $68.34 while Brent crude for January was down 61 cents to $71.93 in mid-morning trade.
Research house Capital Economics said "a degree of calm was returning to the markets" after a free-fall that saw both contracts plunge to five-year lows.
Daniel Ang, investment analyst at Phillip Futures in Singapore, said "prices remain volatile as the market adjusts after last week's 10 per cent drop".
WTI closed Monday $2.85 up from Friday's settle price, after initially sinking as low as $63.72, a level last seen in July 2009. In London, Brent gained $2.39 after earlier falling to an October 2009 low of $67.53.
Crude prices have tumbled since the 12-nation Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries on Thursday said it would to keep its collective output ceiling at 30 million barrels per day, where it has stood for three years.
OPEC's powerful Gulf members, led by kingpin Saudi Arabia, resisted the calls for a cut from poorer members, including Venezuela and Ecuador, unless they are guaranteed market share, particularly in the United States where rising production of shale oil has contributed to the global glut.
"The frenetic activity at the end of last week -- notably the apparent free-fall in oil prices -- was almost certainly exaggerated by the thin trading conditions due to the extended US holidays," Capital Economics said, referring to the Thanksgiving Holiday last week.
US financial markets were closed Thursday for Thanksgiving, while trading was shortened on Friday.
With no major data releases on Tuesday, dealers are next expected to focus on the latest US stockpiles report to be released Wednesday for clues about demand in the world's top crude consumer, analysts said.
Story first published on: December 02, 2014 09:10 (IST)

Stocks firm as commodity volatility fadesEquities shrug off fall in crude prices
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cb812806-79d4-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sinclair launches new Spectrum computerSinclair launches new Spectrum computer
Sally Davies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b5ce101c-7a03-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Medline gets state incentive to add 200 jobs to Lake County•Spend $60 million over the next five years expanding its Illinois presence.
•Invest in its headquarters campus and a new facility in Lake County.
•Add 200 jobs over the next five years; 100 in two years and another 100 within five years.
•Retain its existing 1,600 jobs.
•Consider expanding its warehousing operations "in or near" Sauget.
For the village incentive, Medline would:
•Spend $40 million on a new building on its corporate campus.
•Add 100 jobs
The new structure on its campus would range from 100,000 to 130,000 square feet with a value of $25 million to $30 million, according to a Tribune report in October. Furnishings and equipment would account for the remaining $10 million.
Medline earlier this year closed a satellite office in Kankakee that helped it reduce its sales taxes.
Its decision was prompted by recent changes in the state tax code that attempt to eliminate what government officials describe as a loophole exploited by dozens of companies with headquarters in Illinois and out of state, according to correspondence the Tribune obtained under the Freedom of Information Act.
Such tax strategies diverted hundreds of millions of taxes from Chicago and its suburbs, according to court documents.

FIEO award for Canara BankUpdated: December 2, 2014 18:56 IST
FIEO award for Canara Bank
Staff Reporter
Tweet
Canara Bank has been conferred the annual Niryat Bandhu silver trophy among banks for its export-related services, according to an official statement. The award is instituted by the Federation of Indian Export Organisation to recognise outstanding export-promotion support offered by banks, financial institutions, commodity boards and export promotion councils.
The bank has offered export credit of Rs. 11,546 crore for the nine months until September this financial year.

50 000 lives saved because of fewer hospital errors  officials say50,000 lives saved because of fewer hospital errors, officials say
HHS Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell
Michael Reynolds / European Pressphoto Agency
Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell speaks in Washington on Tuesday.
Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell speaks in Washington on Tuesday. (Michael Reynolds / European Pressphoto Agency)
By Tribune wire report
Medicare
50,000 people have been saved because hospitals made fewer errors in 2013 than 2010, health officials say.
About 50,000 people are alive today because U.S. hospitals committed 17 percent fewer medical errors in 2013 than in 2010, government health officials said Tuesday.
8
The lower rate of fatalities from poor care and mistakes was one of several "historic improvements" in hospital quality and safety measured by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. They included a 9 percent decline in the rate of hospital-acquired conditions such as infections, bedsores and pneumonia from 2012 to 2013.
Calling hospital errors "heartbreaking," U.S. Sen. Barbara Boxer (D-Calif.) on Friday released a report detailing how some California hospitals are reducing medical mistakes that can cause infections, incorrect administration of drugs, falls and other complications. ( Eryn Brown )
Secretary of Health and Human Services Sylvia Burwell is scheduled to announce the data on Tuesday at the CMS Healthcare Quality Conference in Baltimore. It is based on a detailed analysis of tens of thousands of medical records, but because data was collected differently before 2010, it is not possible to compare pre-2010 figures to later ones.
CMS is a unit of Burwell's department.
cComments
Re-admit rate being used to impact the amount the hospitals are paid is a good tool. When outcome is tied to behavior and the outcome is used to decide how much a person is paid, it is a good thing. It focuses the attention.
olderwiser
1
The deadly problem of hospital error burst into the national spotlight in 1999, when the Institute of Medicine estimated that as many as 98,000 people die every year because of hospital mistakes that allow patients to contract infections, fall, develop pneumonia from being on a ventilator, or suffer other serious but preventable harm.
In 2010, the HHS inspector general estimated that poor care in hospitals contributed to the deaths of 180,000 patients covered by Medicare, which insures the disabled and those 65 or older, every year.
Officials, speaking to reporters on Monday ahead of Burwell's speech, offered several possible explanations for the steep decline in sometimes-fatal hospital-acquired injuries, infections and other conditions.
Hospitals have made a concerted effort to improve safety, spurred in large part by changes in how Medicare pays them. President Barack Obama's healthcare reform law requires CMS to reduce the reimbursement rate for hospitals that re-admit too many patients within 30 days, an indication of poor care the first time.
As a result of the improvements in hospital safety, 1.3 million fewer patients suffered a hospital-acquired condition in 2013 than if the 2010 rate had remained steady, CMS Deputy Administrator Dr. Patrick Conway told reporters. That produced savings of some $12 billion from avoidable costs, such as for treating a single bloodstream infection due to a catheter, at a $17,000.
"This is welcome news for patients and their families," Conway said, and represents an "unprecedented decline in patient harm in this country."
Reuters

BJP takes dig at Nitish for not campaigning in J khandBJP takes dig at Nitish for not campaigning in J khand
SC permits Sahara to sell properties worth over Rs. 2 700 crNew Delhi, December 2, 2014
Updated: December 2, 2014 20:32 IST
SC permits Sahara to sell 4 properties worth over Rs. 2,700 crore
PTI
company information
Court allows the group to sell properties in Jodhpur, Pune, Chauma in Gurgaon and Vasai.
The Supreme Court on Tuesday permitted the Sahara Group to proceed with the sale of four domestic properties, which is likely to fetch Rs. 2,710 crore, in its bid to raise Rs. 10,000 crore for the release of its jailed chief Subrata Roy.
The court allowed the group to sell properties in Jodhpur, Pune, Chauma in Gurgaon and Vasai in Mumbai after it was satisfied that the transactions were in accordance with its June 4 order.
This order had stated that “such sales are not for a price lower than the estimated value indicated in the statement filed before this Court or the circle rates fixed for the area in which such properties are situated”.
A bench headed by Justice T.S. Thakur was told that the transactions for these properties would be completed by May 2015 and in the meantime, the purchasers would deposit post-dated cheques in the name of SEBI-Sahara refund account with undertakings that those would be honoured on due dates.
The bench, also comprising justices A.R. Dave and A.K. Sikri, was informed that the group has already generated Rs. 184.5 crore as part payment for its assets in Jodhpur, Chauma and Vasai and following which it was allowed to hand over three demand drafts and one cheque to SEBI’s counsel.
Regarding the sale of Pune property which would fetch Rs. 550 crore, Sahara Group through senior advocates Rajiv Dhawan and S. Ganesh said that the agreement was not signed due to unavoidable circumstances and in the near future, the deal will be through and it is expected to get Rs. 50 crore as initial part payment.
Accepting the proposal, the bench permitted it to go ahead with the proposed deal and deposit Rs. 50 crore with SEBI-Sahara refund account.
Out of the list of nine domestic properties, Sahara has already sold its Ahmedabad property and has raised Rs. 411.82 crores which has gone into the account of SEBI.
However, Sahara Group would have to wait for getting clearance for raising ‘junior loan’ of $650 million (approx. Rs. 3,600 crore) as a part of the scheme to overcome the liability with Bank of China which had lent money to it in purchasing stakes in three overseas hotels, Dream Downtown and The Plaza in New York and Grosvenor House in London.
SEBI’s counsel Arvind Dattar and senior advocate Shekhar Naphade, who is assisting the court as an amicus curiae in the matter, submitted that certain terms of transactions were not clear like the issue of escrow agent and the liability which is likely to rise for the Sahara.
The bench asked the Sahara Group to provide all information sought by the amicus and the market regulator within a week and posted the matter for further hearing on December 17.

Times newspapers end stretch of lossesDecember 2, 2014 2:01 pm
Times newspaper turns first operating profit since 2001
Henry Mance, Media Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/be412f12-7a1d-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ethiopia issues unusual investor warningDecember 2, 2014 2:23 pm
Ethiopia issues unfamiliar investor warning over war and famine
Javier Blas, Africa Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c8691100-7a07-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Document raises questions on HP writedownDocument raises questions on HP’s $8.8bn writedown of Autonomy
Murad Ahmed, Jonathan Guthrie and Richard Waters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ea6ef17c-7951-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sinclairs narrow spectrum of inspirationWork to do before Aviva investors welcome Friends
Jonathan Guthrie
Integration looks as if it could be fiddly
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6fcaa550-7a0b-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

27 big stocks that dominate December27 big stocks dominate December
By: Matt Krantz December 2, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Brrr. It’s December. Maybe it’s time to throw on an extra log—of cash–into your portfolio to get things heating up!
Investors know: When it gets cold outside – stocks heat up. December has been a good month. Stocks have risen about 2% on average this month the past five years.
And the same stocks seem to throw the best holiday parties year after year.  There are 27 stocks in the S&P 500 that have beaten the market each of the past 5 Decembers.
The biggest winner is computer memory chip maker Micron Technology (MU) . The company delivered an average of 12% gains over the past five Decembers. Some of that can be attributed to a 40% gain at the end of 2009—but not all of it. Even in 2012, when stocks fell 1% in December, Micron rose 3%. That might be even better than the gifts on the back of Santa’s Sleigh.
It’s been said there’s no place like home for the holidays….And no one knows THAT better than investors in homebuilder stocks like PulteGroup (PHM) . The stock has gained at least 7% for the past 5  Decembers for an average December gain of 12%.
But there’s plenty of Holiday Cheer to go around for other homebuilders too. In fact homebuilding stocks have beaten the S&P 500 91% of the time over the last 24 years. Now that’ll keep your toes warm.
Will the market do the jingle-bell rock once again? We’ll see. Cash in big enough and you could finally buy the pony that’s been on your daughter’s wish-list for years – or at least enough to buy some fruitcake for the in-laws.
S&P 500 THAT BEAT THE MARKET EACH AND EVERY OF THE PAST FIVE DECEMBERS
Company
Avg. % Gain past 5 Decembers
Micron Tech.

Sebi Seeks Clarification on PNC Infratech IPOMonte Carlo Fashions to Raise Rs 350 Crore via IPO
New Delhi: Market regulator Sebi has sought clarification from the merchant banker of PNC Infratech Limited regarding the company's proposed initial public offer (IPO).
Without disclosing details of clarifications sought, Sebi has said "clarifications (are) awaited from lead manager" for the proposed public issue.
According to the latest weekly update to the processing status of draft offer documents filed with Sebi, the regulator has said clarifications are awaited on the proposed IPO of Agra-based infrastructure firm, PNC Infratech, as on November 28, 2014.
Sebi said it might issue observations on PNC Infratech's IPO document within 30 days from the date of receipt of a satisfactory reply from the lead merchant banker, ICICI Securities, to the clarification or additional information sought.
The regulator had received the draft offer documents on September 25 through its lead manager.
As per Draft Red Herring Prospectus, the company plans to hit the capital markets with a public issue of over 1.29 crore equity shares of face value of Rs 10 each.
The offer comprises a fresh issue of 1.15 crore equity shares and an offer for sale of 14.22 lakh equity shares.
The capital raised through the issue would be utilised for "funding working capital requirements, investment in subsidiary, PNC Raebareli Highways Pvt Ltd, for part-financing the Raebareli-Jaunpur project; investment in capital equipment; repayment/ prepayment of certain indebtedness; and funding expenditure for general corporate purposes."
Story first published on: December 02, 2014 15:03 (IST)

Govt tells banks to pad up for relay strikesGovt tells banks to pad up for relay strikes
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 03, 2014 12:35 AM IST
The Union finance ministry has instructed all state-owned banks to take pre-emptive steps to ensure least inconvenience to the public in the face of relay strikes announced by the unions of public sector banks (PSBs) from Tuesday.
After a call by the United Forum of Bank Unions, PSB employees in southern India went on strike on Tuesday. This will be followed by strikes in northern India on Wednesday, eastern India the next day and western India on December 5.
The strike has been called to revise the wages of public sector bank employees. The revision has been due since November 2012. Despite several rounds of talks with Indian Banks Association, the issue could not be resolved since banks stuck to their position of an 11 per cent wage rise, while the unions pressed for a 23 per cent rise.
"The government is fully seized of the situation arising out of the notice given by UFBU for zone-wise relay strikes...The government is keeping a close watch over the situation and monitoring it on regular basis," the statement from the Finance Ministry said.
The centre has advised PSBs to adequately load ATMs to ensure operation of clearing houses, to ensure continuation of internet banking, to make arrangements for carrying out uninterrupted government business transactions, the statement said.
"IBA is flexible and is ready to negotiate further with the unions, associations in a cordial manner. Unions, associations have been appealed not to go on strike and to return to negotiations. IBA is also proactively striving to ensure timely completion of negotiation process," the statement added.
 

HC grants injunction on properties of NSEL defaulterHC grants injunction on properties of NSEL defaulter
Sharleen D'Souza | Mumbai Dec 02, 2014 10:28 PM IST
The Bombay High Court issued an injunction order, seeking details of the properties of Mohan Group, a defaulter of the beleaguered National Spot Exchange Limited (NSEL).
During the hearing on Tuesday, the court ordered Mohan India to disclose details of  its properties within four weeks. Also, HC directed Primezone Developers, a firm having links with the defaulter, to disclose details of its movable and immovable properties within a month. The order has come as a big relief to NSEL and its investors, said an investor.
With a payment obligation of Rs 922 crore, Mohan India, along with its subsidiaries, is the second largest defaulter to NSEL, which saw Rs 5,600 crore payment crisis in July last year.
Mohan India had continuously failed to meet the commitment under the conciliation agreement it had entered into with NSEL. Later, NSEL filed a case in the Maharashtra Protection of Interest of Depositors (MPID) court to remove the non-coercive action order granted to it. It also filed a suit for recovery against Mohan India in the high court.
“This order is a signal in the right direction,” said Ameet Naik, an NSEL counsel.
NSEL is now looking to file similar recovery suit against other defaulters. "After this order, we will file similar suits against other defaulters, as it indicates that the money has gone to the defaulters," Naik added.
HC also observed that on invocation of injunction, Mohan India will be required to furnish a bank guarantee for the suit amount, which is over Rs 922 crore with the court.
"This would not have been possible without the continuous support of management staff and promoter of NSEL who supported such a suit against the defaulter," said Prakash Chaturvedi, joint MD of NSEL.

Intex launches Aqua Power smartphone at Rs8 444The Aqua Power can also be used as a power bank to charge other devices.
New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 9:39 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 2:02 pm
Intex has launched its Aqua Power smartphone at a price of Rs 8,444. The device is powered by a 4000mAh battery and cliams to deliver 18 hours of talk time while using 3G and 30 hours of talk time for 2G, 600 hours on standby and charges within 2.5 hours. The Aqua Power can also be used as a power bank to charge other devices.
The Intex Aqua Power features a 5-inch full lamination IPS display with a free screen breakage insurance for one year. Under the hood, the smartphone runs on a 1.4 GHz octa-core CPU with 1GB of RAM and 8GB of internal memory which can be expanded up to 32 GB.
The smartphone houses an 8MP rear camera, a 2MP front-facing camera and runs on Android 4.4 KitKat operating system. The device is avilable in White, Black, Blue and Grey colour options.
Specs:
5-inch full lamination IPS display
Android 4.4 KitKat OS

HP to pass TCP bill to regularise illegal constructions  cabinet givesnodWritten by Ashwani Sharma | Shimla |
Posted: December 2, 2014 9:12 pm
Ending suspense over impending move to regularise illegal constructions in all major urban towns, including Shimla, the state cabinet on Tuesday cleared the draft bill to grant one-time benefit to the citizens having raised buildings up to six stories and  done 70 percent deviations from sanctioned construction plan.
The bill replaces an Ordinance earlier promulgated in September 2014 but later withdrawn by the cabinet.Biggest change done in the draft bill approved today is a significant reduction in the compounding fee chargeable from the residents getting relaxations for committing violations.
The fee ( one-time penalty) has been reduced to just one-fifth of what was proposed earlier in the ordinance. Violations done in a horizontal manner will have compounding charges of Rs 800 per sq meter for ground floor and Rs 400 per sq meter for first and second floors in the municipal areas. For other areas, the rate is half (Rs 400) of what will be chargeable in the first category of municipal areas.
Another category is those of vertical constructions up to six stories will be chargeable @ Rs 1500 per square meter in the municipal areas and Rs 1000 per sq meter in the non-municipal areas.
The bill will be introduced in the winter session of the state assembly beginning at Dharamshala on December 5.This is the second time when the bill will be introduced in the House, after first piloted during the budget session in February 2014, but were referred to the select committee.
Yet ,the move raises questions as how will state government deal with those violators, who have taken no permissions to raise residential and commercial buildings without following regularisation measures including structural safety norms.
Some buildings have encroached pathways, caused constructions to those having built houses after due approvals and few took advantage of government’s indecision to enact legislation during past two months and committed serious violations.
Says the minister for Urban Development Sudhir Sharma “ during past some days, the government has got videography of buildings done and if it’s recent construction,t he case will not be considered for regularisation. Shimla’s green-belt, core areas of town and heritage zone have been excluded from the purview of the new amendment.
The draft bill, besides straightening of process to regularise illegal buildings has also offered major concessions to the builders lobby, many of these close to the power. They will not be required to get fresh registrations for five years.Earlier provision was only for three years.Concession has also been granted to the real estate developers not to reserve flats for economically weaker sections and bonafide Himachalis if their project is below 40 bighas.
The provisions even go contrary to the report of a Vidhan Sabha committee which was set-up during the BJP regime to detect violations done under the HP Apartments Act.
Cabinet meeting presided over by Chief Minister Virbhadra Singh.
The cabinet also cleared draft Lokayukta Bill, 2014 proposed to give teeth to the anti-graft institution to deal with corruption in the state.It will, however, be a single member body and will not have suo-moto powers continued…

Uphill drive for ManzaUphill drive for Manza
Swaraj Baggonkar | Mumbai Dec 02, 2014 09:40 PM IST
The Manza is struggling to keep pace with rivals in its segment, fuelling the possibility that Tata Motors may put its only mid-sized sedan on the backburner.
In the first six months of the year, the Mumbai-based automobile company has managed to sell only 776 units of the Manza, a drop of 26 per cent from 1,054 in the same period last year.
The average monthly sales volume for the Manza this year has been 130 units. By comparison, the Honda City, the bestseller in the segment, sold an average 5,841 units a month and reported an almost 200 per cent annual sales growth in the first six months. While the City controls 45 per cent of the market in the segment, the Manza's share is only one per cent.
According to a senior Tata Motors official, the company is taking aggressive steps to correct its product portfolio, with a more "cleverly defined and targeted strategy". It recently phased out the first-generation Nanos from the market to make way for the upgraded Nano Twist and Nano eMax variants.
The Manza also faces stiff competition from foreign brands - Hyundai's Verna, Skoda's Rapid and Volkswagen's Vento clock much higher sales.
A senior executive at Tata Motors' Ranjangaon plant in Pune, where the Manza is manufactured, said: "Production of the Manza has gone down significantly. It is produced intermittently, with little demand from dealers. Though production has not fully stopped, it is moving in that direction and a further output drop is expected."
A Mumbai-based Tata dealer said, "There is no demand for the Manza at present. Discounts on the car had to be increased. New inventory will bring more pressure on us to liquidate those if the model is phased out anytime soon,"
Launched in 2009 as the Indigo Manza, the car was built on an entirely new Rs 2,000-crore platform that also served the Vista hatchback. Tata Motors dropped the Indigo moniker two years later, after a minor facelift to the sedan.
The Manza was positioned as a more expensive elder sibling of the Indigo and Indigo XL sedans, with petrol and diesel engines purchased from the Tata-Fiat manufacturing joint venture.
Sources said the company was now putting its focus behind the Zest sedan, which has been received well in the market. This model is the latest from Tata Motors, which is struggling to arrest a slide in its share of the passenger vehicle market.
Motors' immediate focus, however, is to streamline production of the Zest, as its customers currently have to wait for up to six months to receive the car. The automated manual transmission (AMT) version of the car, sold with a diesel engine, has an extended waiting period because of problems in procurement of AMT kits.
A spokesperson for Tata Motors said: "The Manza and the Zest address two completely different segments. At present, we do not have any announcement for phase-out of any product."
Motors has only Manza in a segment that has Toyota Etios, Chevrolet Sail and the Ford Classic.
Based on the J300 platform that also housed the shell of the Indica Vista, the Indigo Manza (as it was known earlier) was larger and wider than the earlier Indigo. The regular Indigo went out of production with the launch of the Manza, with only the CS (sub four meter compact sedan) kept in production. Tata Motors progressively phased out the station wagon Indigo Marina.
The Manza was a level above the all the cars offered by Tata Motors offering much better quality than the outgoing Indigo. In addition to being the most spacious, the Manza had better quality materials, fit and finish.
In 2012, the company introduced a premium version of the Manza naming it Club Class Manza offering features like automatic climate control and leather upholstery, a first in the segment. That's not all. The company upped the ante providing dedicated professionals and space in showrooms to offer a sense of exclusivity to the customer.
The Club Class Manza was also one of the few models and the first to be launched by Tata Motors' late managing director Karl Slym.

Insuring the sharing economyInsuring the sharing economy
Sally Davies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b36efb60-7675-11e4-9761-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A little mystery in Rohtak sisters bravery: Second videosoutWritten by Sumegha Gulati | New Delhi |
Posted: December 3, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: December 3, 2014 2:21 pm
More question marks emerged on Tuesday in the story of the two Rohtak sisters who beat up their alleged “harassers” on a Haryana Roadways bus last week, with the release of a second video of them beating and kicking another young man, and a village sarpanch saying that the two had lodged a complaint in May against three more youths, including a minor.
Aarti, the elder sister, confirmed the incident shown in the second video that was shot inside the HUDA park in Rohtak. However, the 22-year-old refused to comment on the complaint that she and her 19-year-old sister Pooja had filed five months ago against the youths from Sisana village, alleging that they had slapped and manhandled them.
Late on Tuesday, police said they were looking at three separate incidents involving the two sisters and a total of seven youths, six of whom are students of Jat College in Rohtak.
Mohit, Kuldeep Singh and Deepak Hooda, the three accused of harassing the girls in the “bus video” have been remanded to judicial custody till December 6; the unidentified youth in the second video has not been traced; and, no FIR was filed following the complaint lodged against the three others in May.
Police have still not been able to find out who shot the second video, and how it landed in the hands of Shripal, father of Deepak, who released it on Tuesday. The Indian Express had reported on Monday that police were also yet to trace the person who shot the first video on the bus last week – the girls have claimed that it was done by a pregnant woman they were trying to help.
When contacted, senior officials said that though they had not received the second video officially, they had sought a report on the new development from local police.
The new video emerged a day after Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar announced cash rewards for the two sisters, and official sources said that Kuldeep and Deepak – who had passed a preliminary test for the post of Jawan in the Army – would no longer be considered for recruitment.
Deepak’s father Shripal told The Indian Express that the second video “arrived at their doorstep under mysterious” circumstances. “We cannot reveal how it reached us,” he said. “But we do not know who the boy is. Maybe, his family does not want him to get into trouble.”
Shripal added that it was now the “job of the police” to investigate the matter.
As for the two other accused, Mohit’s family was not available for comment while Balbir Singh, father of Kuldeep, has been admitted to a hospital for treatment of hypertension, high blood pressure and a heart condition.
Shashank Anand, SP, Rohtak, said, “When we contacted these two girls, they continued…

Hugging mother Mata Amritanandamayi meets Pope Francis inVaticanWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: December 2, 2014 10:24 pm | Updated: December 3, 2014 2:28 am
Hindu spiritual leader from Kerala Mata Amritanandamayi has met Pope Francis in Vatican on Monday.
Her Math in Kollam said the spiritual leader, known as hugging mother, sat next to Pope and signed the joint declaration of religious leaders against modern slavery. The declaration underlined that slavery, in terms of human trafficking, is a crime against humanity. Leaders of various Christian denominations as well as Budhist, Hindu, Jewish and Muslim faiths had signed the declaration, said a Math release.
Amritanandamayi and other religious leaders had gathered in Rome on Monday, the International Day for the Abolition of Slavery, to sign a common declaration, showing their commitment towards the eradication of modern slavery by 2020.
“We are honoured and thankful that Pope Francis has gathered us here today under the auspices of the Global Freedom Network. I am optimistic that all global faiths are uniting together to inspire both spiritual and practical actions towards society ending the horror of slavery and human trafficking,” the release quoted Amritanandamayi as saying.
The initiative to bring together world religious leaders on a common platform was made by the Global Freedom Network (GFN), which is a faith-based global network with a vision and purpose to eradicate modern slavery and human trafficking.

Kerala HC asks State govt to issue liquor licenses to 22 four-starhotelsWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: December 2, 2014 10:01 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 10:32 pm
Kerala high court on Tuesday asked the state government to issue liquor licenses to 22 hotels in four-star category.
Twenty-two four star hotels made fresh applications for liquor licenses in the wake of the high court single bench directive in October, this year, that four-star hotel should be allowed liquor licences.
The court had then observed that the government policy to close down four star bars was against the Supreme Court order which asked not to discriminate between four and five-star hotels.
In the new liquor policy of the state government, four star bars were bound to face closure.
But the high court order in October gave relief for 33 four star hotels. With Tuesday’s verdict another batch of 22 four star hotels too can run bars. Some of the applications who got favourable verdict on Tuesday were included among the 418 bars which have been remaining closed since April.
With this verdict, 84 hotels in the categories of four, five and heritage classes would be allowed to operate out of 730 bars. The court had earlier partially ratified the state’s new liquor policy, which meant all two, three and sub-standard would remain closed.
However, the three star hotels got an extended life with the high court allowing them to function until their appeals against the government policy is settled.
Excise minister K Babu said the government would move appeal against the verdict. The new licences would be given based on the verdict in the appeal.
KPCC president V M Sudheeran, who is on a political tour across Kerala, said it was unfortunate that the court was torpedoing a government decision taken at social welfare. However, government chief whip said all bars would be opened when Sudheeran completes his political tour against liquor menace.

Stocks Move Higher  Rebounding From the Day BeforeIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Europe Agrees to Fund Ariane 6 Orbital LauncherIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

US designates 35 hospitals as Ebola treatment centresUS designates 35 hospitals as Ebola treatment centres
RBI criticises corporate view on growthRBI criticises corporate view on growth
Tata Motors bags orders for 1542 Sumo Gold vehiclesTata Motors bags orders for 1542 Sumo Gold vehicles
Wall Street rises; energy leads despite oil weaknessWall Street rises; energy leads despite oil weakness
Can your holiday stress with the sound of  Schlooop !Can your holiday stress with the sound of 'Schlooop'!
By Brian J. O'Connor, Tribune Content Agency, Funny Money
Hobbies
We've officially entered the Holiday Shopping Season, that special time of year the Christmas-Industrial Complex has been building to since Father's Day. Despite the long national nightmare of the "War on Christmas," we now have extended the holiday season to the point where it's best to just don a Sexy Santa costume at Halloween and wear it straight through to Boxing Day.
I always joke that we should move Christmas to July so that the stores won't be so crowded. Now retailers are making that punch line come true by moving the big Christmas-shopping kick-off from Black Friday back to Black Thursday. It's only a matter of time until Black Monday becomes the new Black Thursday, and then the whole shopping shebang will start on Black Columbus Day.
I understand why retailers do it, and why the media obsess about the holiday shopping season. The estimated $620 billion in projected 2014 holiday spending constitutes more than 19 percent of the $3.2 trillion annual retail activity in the U.S., so merchants really need those sales.
But I also understand how easy it is for consumers to get stampeded into over-stressing, over-spending and ruining not just their holidays but their finances, too. To avoid all that, I have one piece of advice: tune in to the sound of the holidays.
And rather than a ringing cash register, that sound is ... schlooop!
0
Schlooop! is the noise store-bought cranberry sauce makes when you plop it out of the can and onto a plate for your holiday feast. And, according to an online debate among friends and coworkers, it's either gauche and lousy, or the single best part of the holidays. For some people, an entire history of family tradition lives between the ridged rings of a jiggling can-shaped hunk of cranberry sauce. Even if you hate eating it, just the sight of that quivering dark red roll of congealed bog fruit brings back powerful memories.
Best of all, canned cranberry sauce is cheap and easy -- all you need is $1.49 and a can opener. Sure, you could spend five times as much on organic, artisanal, free-range individually hand-selected cranberries and spend hours concocting your own relish and, if you enjoy that, you should. But before you drive yourself crazy by adding one more expense to the holiday shopping list and one more time-sucking chore to the holiday to-do list, stop and remember that you can simply grab a can and be done with it.
Which is exactly how you should handle the whole holiday run-up: Don't be stupid, don't kill yourself, have fun. It's an entire holiday ethos captured in the sound of schlooop!
Feeling pressured to overspend on the perfect presents for an entire roster of friends and family? Schlooop! Make a list, pare it down, figure out what you can afford, and that's it. Maybe this is the year everybody gets a book. After all, there are lots of terrific books (besides mine), a book lasts a lot longer than a Pepperidge Farms cheese tray, and you don't have to worry about the color or the size.
Going nuts untangling 47 miles of Christmas lights that you wadded into a trash bag in 5-below weather last year? Schlooop! New lights are buy-one-get-one-free at the drugstore now. Or skip turning your home into a carnival midway, put a simple electric candle in each window and let the neighbors think you've suddenly developed a little class.
Killing yourself cooking a holiday meal for 40 that you can only afford with Visa? Schlooop! Make the one or two things you enjoy cooking and turn the rest into a pot-luck. Or try these two magic words: deli tray. Or these even more magic 11 words: "On your way over, can you pick up a deli tray?"
Running yourself ragged running from store to store to build a mountain of gifts under the tree? Schlooop! Cut back on presents and do things with your family instead. Cut down your own Christmas tree. Go sledding as a group. Buy one small gift for everyone and put the rest of the money toward something you all choose, such as a great family vacation or a trip to the symphony.
Whatever sets your teeth on edge about the holidays, just schlooop! it by choosing the simple, easy or inexpensive option that lets you breathe, keep some money in your wallet and enjoy your holiday instead of resenting it and its bills for months to come.
In fact, you can even schlooop! the canned cranberry sauce if your family won't touch it. Take an ounce of leftover sauce, combine with an ounce of bourbon and amaretto in a cocktail shaker. Shake, pour into a glass, and top with ginger ale and lime. It's just the thing to make me forget how itchy it gets in this Sexy Santa costume.
(Brian J. O'Connor is an award-winning columnist for The Detroit News. Contact him at brian@funnymoneyblog.com or visit http://www.funnymoneyblog.com .)
(c) 2014 TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

New Hire Interview Questions That Can Make or Break Your Businessreddit
The questions you ask in the interview with a prospective new employee are anything but routine. They're crucial for uncovering a candidate's qualifications, skills, personality and, of course, whether they're the right person for the job. When you sit down for your next interview, don't waste time asking questions that cannot help you pinpoint the perfect hire. Instead, stick to the questions that reveal something valuable.
Don't Interview For the Sake of Interviewing
Some small business owners feel like they're required to interview a certain number of candidates because they don't want to risk being accused of discrimination. You can mitigate that fear by writing more conscientious job descriptions with clear job-related minimum requirements and pre-interview questionnaires.
How to Review Resumes
Before you call anyone in for an interview, there are a few things you must do:
• Look for resumes that offer enough insight into the candidate's background
• Look for steady progressions--a candidate that has moved up in job positions since the start of his or her career
• Identify targeted information--a resume should be relevant to the position you're hiring and the industry in which you're working
• Avoid resumes that have fluff, unprofessional email addresses, or limited information
• Look for unexplained gaps in employment history
Questions That Make Your Interview Worth It
Your interview is your sole opportunity to size up a candidate. To get the most out of it, there are a few questions you must ask in the interview to reveal as much as you can. Your interview questions should be behavior-based and open-ended, requiring the candidate to respond with more than "yes" or "no" answers.
Why are you interested in this job? And what skills or strengths can you bring to my small business?
If a candidate is just job hungry and needs the money, he/she is not going to be as valuable as a candidate that truly wants to work for your company and has a passion for the industry.
How was your last job?
You need to determine why the person lost his/her last job (without outright asking them) and how that job went. If the individual was let go or terminated, he or she may exhibit negativity toward the former employer. You want to gain a sense of the person's honesty and accountability.
Where do you see yourself 3 years from now? 5 years from now?
You need to learn about where the candidate plans to go in the future. Are they looking to settle in with a company? Are they still going to school (which may indicate they will change jobs after graduation)? While a candidate will not say outright that they plan to change jobs, the answers they do provide will give you a hint into their real intentions.
What improvements can we make with our products/services to be more competitive?
This tells you whether or not the candidate knows much about your company, whether or not they are truly interested in what you do, etc. While you cannot expect an in-depth answer, you want a little proof that they have researched your company and have taken an interest.
Hiring the right candidate can reduce employee turnover rates significantly. By taking your time to schedule interviews with the right candidates and asking the right questions, you can find the right person for the job.
Learn more about how you can prevent costly turnover and improve your HR department by ordering your copy of Practical Tools to Manage Costly Employee Turnover today.
Margaret Jacoby , SPHR, is the founder and president of MJ Management Solutions,a human resources consulting firm that provides small businesses with a wide range of virtual and onsite HR solutions to meet their immediate and long-term needs. From ensuring legal compliance to writing customized employee handbooks to conducting sexual harassment training, businesses depend on our expertise and cost-effective human resources services to help them thrive. This article first appeared on the MJ Management Solutions blog.
Follow Margaret Jacoby on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Margaretjacoby
More:

Truth in Advertising: A Lesson Learned from Ham Saladreddit
Do easily identifiable, understandable, and accepted-as-true words have a different definition when it comes to advertising?
As I was growing up, my mom would sometimes bring home a container of ham salad from the market where she worked.  As a native Midwesterner I love the stuff, and while ham salad doesn't boast the healthiest pedigree, it deserves the occasional indulgence.
On a recent visit back to the Midwest I found myself staring at a big beautiful bowl of old-fashioned ham salad in a grocery store deli case.  Feeling like Indiana Jones discovering the Holy Grail, my mouth watered for that long-lost taste from my youth.  I ordered some from the deli worker, only to later realize that while the ham salad was tasty, it wasn't quite the taste that I remembered.
I turned the container over and thought, "Why is this label so large?"  After all, ham salad is a pretty basic recipe.  After I read the label, I wished I hadn't.
Instead of the ham salad that I knew, loved and remembered, which was made with naturally cured ham, simple mayo, the occasional boiled egg, and pickle relish, I was eating a brew of ingredients that I would never have imagined to be in ham salad.  It contained things like sugar, bleached wheat-flour bread crumbs, textured soy flour, corn syrup, "artificial" flavors and red dye, all things I routinely avoid.  Then there is the lengthy list of additives in the ham, the mayo, and the added dressing.  Yet the top of the label proclaims:  "GENUINE HAM SALAD".  Say what?
The key word is "genuine", which Merriam-Webster's dictionary defines as: actual, real or true : not false or fake: sincere and honest
So how does that definition apply to what is on that label?
Unfortunately, when it comes to words like "genuine", "lifetime", "authentic", "improved", and other buzz words used to described products and services, finding out just how loosely or incorrectly those words are employed by advertisers and retailers falls onto the shoulders of the consumer.
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) is the governing body of "truth in advertising", and the agency takes a multi-pronged approach to enforcement.  Michelle Rusk, Attorney at the Division of Advertising Practices at the FTC, listened to my concerns about how the FTC handles the misleading use of words that have distinct definitions, then provided the following written points:
1.       Under FTC law, advertisers are responsible not just for the express or literal meaning of the statements they make in their ad, but also for any claim that may be communicated to a "reasonable consumer."  We look at both the "dictionary" or "literal" meaning of words used in the ad and at what those words may imply to the reasonable consumer.  We also look at the claims in the entire context of the ad, including the images used, other statements, product name.   An ad may convey more than one meaning, and the advertiser must be able to substantiate any reasonable communication, even if it is not a claim they intended.
2.       With respect to disclosures, ads can also be deceptive because of what they fail to say - "a half truth."  When there is qualifying information that is necessary to prevent an ad from being deceptive, it needs to be presented clearly and conspicuously, so that consumers actually notice it and understand it.  Disclosures of material information should not be buried in fine print footnotes, or flashed across a TV screen too briefly to be read.
Ms. Rusk also shared relevant areas of the FTC web site, including "advertising and marketing basics" for advertisers and an "advice and tip area" for consumers.  Both are helpful for any who believe they have been deceived by misleading advertisements or warranty language, etc.
It's a fact of life.  Sometimes the only way to get companies to do the right thing is to question the manner in which they describe or deliver their products.  Words do matter.
While recipes can certainly vary from cook to cook, the basic ingredients of any genuine recipe must adhere to certain recognized foods and preparation methods.  The inclusion of grains, dyes, and artificial flavors in a cold meat salad is unexpected and a far cry from the age-old original, genuine, recipe for ham salad.
The ham salad that spawned this article came from a Schnucks grocery store, but the same issue no doubt occurs at store delis in every corner of the country.
On the positive side, I reached out to Schnucks corporate headquarters and explained why I was upset about how they described their ham salad.  They got back to me two days later to say that they will remove the word "genuine" from their ham salad label.  I'm impressed.  They stepped up.
Schnucks stands behind the very popular ham salad they have been offering for decades, but when this issue was brought to their attention, they understood that the word "genuine" might not ring true with some of their customers.  Hence, they decided to re-label.  Simple.  Done.  That doesn't happen often in the corporate world, yet they listened and took immediate action.  It says a lot about the Schnucks organization that they did so.  Why can't more companies be so responsive to customers' concerns?
I applaud their proactive response, and if I had a Schnucks in my neck of the woods, I would shop there.  Knowing that they listen to their customers makes me want to give them my business.  Alas, there are no Schnucks where I live.
Retailers surely have the right to sell whatever they please, as long as it is not intentionally harmful and as long as consumers can understand the purchase, without being led in the wrong direction by loosely-interpreted words.
As for the ham salad, I should have checked the ingredients right away, but I had no foundation to suspect an issue.  Bread crumbs may be customary in a hot ham croquette or a meatball, but not in a cold meat salad.  So it simply didn't occur to me to look for such unexpected ingredients.  Henceforth, I will look first and eat later, but only if I find the ingredients on the label to be inviting.
Being a conscientious shopper will always be necessary, but retailers can, and should, do their part by adhering to the true meaning of the words they use to describe their products.  Consumers have the right to receive across-the-board truth in advertising, full disclosure of the origins of the foods in our food supply, and plain, word-specific language in offers and contracts.  And when that doesn't happen, we need to speak up.
One thing is certain.  Until every advertiser and every retailer adheres to the whole-truth-and-nothing-but-the-truth part of "truth in advertising", it is infinitely wise to wear our "Buyer Beware" persona like a second skin.
ham salad sandwich photo credit:  chas53 - iStockphoto.com
More:
Food Labels Food Ingredients Truth in Advertising Deceptive Advertising Contract Language
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

How to Weed Out Projects That Aren t Worth Your Timereddit
Forget what you've heard about comparing apples and oranges. It's often helpful to put your organization's diverse projects alongside each other and compare them. This is the point of maintaining a portfolio: to treat initiatives like investments and to weigh them against each other, balancing and maximizing the relative worth of these projects through disciplined decision making and resource allocation.
Portfolios are objective, decisive tools that ensure a safer path to value. Since a portfolio depends on quantitative data and logic, it is an effective way of evaluating priorities in your organization. It will help you determine which projects are worth pursuing and which ones you should throw out.
Thinking in terms of portfolio management can help you achieve any of the following outcomes:
Putting the best ideas on a clear and fast track to success
Making sure the ideas with the most promise get the most resources
Aligning new products and services with strategy
Reducing risk in experimentation with new projects
First, determine the desired goals of your portfolio. These might include reducing failure rates, diversifying types of innovation, launching higher-impact initiatives, or leveraging innovation across business units and locations. Once you've agreed on a set of targets, you need to come up with tangible criteria for reward and risk measures so that you can concretely measure the potential success of an initiative.
Most people get too attached early on to ideas that simply won't pan out. It's harder to stop projects than it is to start new ones. Portfolio management is a quick way to see which ideas you need to abandon and which ones you need to support. Ask yourself these two questions: Does it maximize our value? Are we progressing? The answers to these questions will help you understand whether or not the given project is aligned with the goals of your organization.
For all the fast, reliable results of portfolio management, there are some downsides. A portfolio sometimes creates too few projects, depends on biased criteria, and encourages short-sighted thinking. Keep in mind these pitfalls as you make portfolio management work for you. Overcome this bias and be careful not to over-rely on the portfolio.
Think of the portfolio as a funnel: you launch many ideas at the beginning, but, as you measure and compare their current and future values, you hold on to just a few. In the end, only the fittest will survive.
Follow Jeff DeGraff on Twitter: www.twitter.com/JeffDeGraff
More:

A drug that works forever and an alien organism that is immortalDecember 1, 2014 6:25 pm
Artificial ingredients for a primordial soup and recipe for life
Anjana Ahuja
A drug that works forever and an alien organism that is immortal, writes Anjana Ahuja
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7620137e-794b-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Narendra Modi getting rock star treatment from investorsCBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case
With money managers pouring in a whopping USD 16.5 billion in Indian stocks, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is being treated like a rock star by investors around the world, a leading American financial daily has said.
“Investors around the world are giving Modi, and India, the rock star treatment. Money managers have poured USD 16.5 billion into Indian stocks this year, the most of any developing country tracked by the Institute of International Finance,” The Wall Street Journal has reported.
Noting that India’s S&P BSE Sensex has soared 35 per cent this year, closing at a record 54 times in 2014, the daily said investors are betting that Modi will introduce policies to jump-start India’s economy, boosting profits at companies ranging from banks to cement makers.
The paper said economists predict India will expand at a faster rate this year, the only one of the BRIC countries – which include Brazil, Russia and China – expected to accelerate.
The International Monetary Fund expects growth in India to reach 6.4 per cent next year, from 5.6 per cent this year, it said.
For money managers who have to invest billions on behalf of large institutions, India may be one of the last developing economies of its size that can offer steady, highflying returns, the daily said.
TAGS: Investors Narendra Modi
More from economy
Per capita annual income increases in national capital The per capita annual income in the national capital has increased to Rs 2.19 lakh in 2013-14 as campared to Rs 1.92 lakh in the previous fiscal.

RBI Governor flays firms  myopic view on growth-inflation dynamics10
0
Mumbai: Trashing India Inc's incessant criticism that RBI is not reducing interest rates, Governor Raghuram Rajan on Tuesday accused them of being myopic and asserted that the central bank is for the "strongest possible growth".
"I think there is a misconception in corporate India that the central bank is not concerned about growth," Rajan said and underlined that the fundamental way to get sustainable growth is to have moderate inflation.
Addressing the customary post-policy press briefing, Rajan said, "We are not talking about growth for this quarter. We are talking about years of sustainable growth. To get that you need to fight inflation, beat it and then you can get sustainable growth."
India Inc and many political leaders have long been demanding a rate cut as growth has been trending down.
#rbi #raghuram rajan #india inc #growth
Asserting that RBI is not against growth but wants the strongest possible growth, Rajan pointed to the incessant fight between the savers and producers and said, "The big fight between savers and producers has been that savers are seeing high inflation and so can't save, whereas producers are seeing low inflation and say interest rate are so high and how can they invest.
"How do you bring these two together? By bringing inflation down. Otherwise, we are going to have this high inflation and low growth scenario again and again. And so, I think it is very shortsighted when people comment that you (RBI) are not helping growth this quarter," the Governor said in combative tone.
India Inc and many political leaders have long been demanding a rate cut as growth has been trending down. The GDP grew at 5.3 per cent in the second quarter of this fiscal as against 5.7 per cent in the first quarter.
Rajan said RBI is also in the process of creating a framework which will make the sustainable growth possible.
"I would say bare with us (for some more time) and hopefully if we can reach there and stay there. We will produce many years of strong growth for corporate India," Rajan said, adding that RBI has a projection for a steady pickup in growth going forward.
1

Football scours the globe for those corners still ambivalent to its appeal.Hard sell reinforces football’s world dominance
Roger Blitz
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d1300e30-6376-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Live: Inflation is near comfort zone  6 pc consumer price index target by 2016  says RBI Governor Raghuram Rajanmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Naxalism is a national challenge  we will succeed in tackling the menace: Rajnath Singh5
0
Raipur: Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Tuesday paid homage to the 14 CRPF jawans who were killed in a deadly Naxal attack in Chhattisgarh. Singh announced compensation of Rs 38 lakh for the relatives of 14 CRPF jawans killed and Rs 65,000 each to 15 injured.
The Home Minister, who visited the jawans of CRPF a day after a force contingent was attacked by Naxals, said CPI (Maoist) has posed a big challenge and the entire nation has to be united to fight this menace.
"We have more casualty from proxy war than actual war. This incident will not deter our security forces and they will continue to march ahead in the ongoing operations," he said.
#chhattisgarh #rajnath singh #home minister #crpf
Singh termed incident in Sukma district as very unfortunate and an act of cowardice. He said bodies of those martyred have been brought here and all arrangements have been made to send them to their families.
"All jawans who have been hospitalised are out of danger. I am glad that the determination of the hospitalised jawans is still intact. I am paying tribute to the bodies of the departed soldiers and offering condolence to the family members," he said.
The Home Minister said the operation was on in Sukma for the past five days and in such remote areas, the danger of Maoist attack was very high.
"But our brave jawans fought with national spirit and fulfilled their duty. I salute this spirit amd salute their bravery," he said.
(With inputs from PTI)

Kensington wins battle of the basementsKensington wins battle of the basements
Kate Allen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3e0a71ba-7a21-11e4-9b34-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ITE sales fall but profits beat forecastsITE Group sales fall but earnings beat expectations
Robert Cookson, Digital Media Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/19134260-7a17-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PSBs staff on relay strike; govt tells to st...PSBs staff on relay strike; government asks management to stock ATMs
PTI Dec 2, 2014, 09.11PM IST
Tags:
ATMs
(Pressing for a wage hike…)
NEW DELHI: As public sector bank employees in North India go on strike tomorrow, government today asked PSU banks to stock ATMs with enough cash and take steps to minimise inconvenience to customers.
Pressing for a wage hike public sector bank ( PSB ) employees began their four-day relay strike with staff in southern region going off work today.
Banks should take pre-emptive steps to ensure least inconvenience to general public and should adequately load ATMs, the Finance Ministry said in a statement.
The ministry also asked banks to ensure operation of clearing houses, continuation of Internet banking, and make arrangements for carrying out uninterrupted government business transactions.
The Centre is fully seized of the situation arising out of the notice given by the United Forum of Bank Unions for Zone-wise relay strikes from December 2-5, it said.
To press for early wage hike, PSU bank employees in southern region went on day-long strike.
All India Bank Employees Association (AIBEA) General Secretary C H Venkatachalam claimed that about 22,000 branches of PSU banks were closed in South India and 1.5 lakh employees took part in the strike.
The Chennai Clearing house centre which deals with the Southern Grid was affected by the strike.
About 2.50 crore cheques worth about Rs 1,75,000 crore were reported to be held up for clearance due to strike, Venkatachalam claimed.
As part of four-day relay strike to press for wage hike, public sector bank employees will go on strike in northern region tomorrow.
However, private sector banks continued to function normally in six states and one Union Territory where PSBs' employees went on strike.
"Since the conciliation meeting with Indian Banks' Association failed to reach a conclusion yesterday, the strike was forced upon us," United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU) Convener M V Murali told PTI. UFBU is the umbrella organisation of nine bank employees and officer unions.
Normal banking operations in the states of Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Punjab and Delhi would be affected due to the strike. Some of the banks have already informed their customers about inconvenience due to the strike.
Subsequently, there would be strike on December 4 by the eastern zone, and on December 5 by the western zone. This is the second strike by bank employees in less than 30 days. The last strike was on November 12.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi says Jyoti s remarks  not acceptable   asks MPs to refrain from  addressing the nationModi says Union minister Niranjan Jyoti's remarks 'not acceptable'
PTI  New Delhi, December 02, 2014
First Published: 20:19 IST(2/12/2014) | Last Updated: 15:01 IST(3/12/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday disapproved of the controversial remarks by Union minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, saying such comments were "not acceptable" and asked party MPs to refrain from those that gave a bad name to the government and the party.
Advertisement
Sources said the Prime Minister, while addressing the BJP Parliamentary Party, told the MPs to be cautious while making public comments and asked them not to give any "address to the nation."
Sources said the Prime Minister did not name anyone but later conveyed to minister concerned to regret the remarks made by her at a public rally in the national capital.
The remarks triggered a major controversy with the opposition forcing her to apologize. The issue also rocked Parliament, paralysing the functioning of the Rajya Sabha.
BJP has asked all party MPs to address public meetings in Delhi during the current winter session ahead of assembly elections slated early next year. Of them, 225 have given their approval and their programmes are being fixed, minister of state for parliamentary affairs Rajiv Pratap Rudy said.
Rudy later said the meetings will be held every evening from 6pm to 10pm in every area of Delhi. The party MPs will be briefed accordingly in the next three days at separate meetings for first-timers, second-time MPs and senior party parliamentarians.
During such meetings, party MPs will be asked to make their strategy and chalk out programmes for campaigning in Delhi.

Sahara permitted by SC to sell 4 properties worth over Rs 2700 croreDec 02, 2014 at 08:06pm IST
Sahara permitted by SC to sell 4 properties worth over Rs 2700 crore
24
0
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Tuesday permitted the Sahara Group to proceed with the sale of four domestic properties, which is likely to fetch Rs 2,710 crore, in its bid to raise Rs 10,000 crore for the release of its jailed chief Subrato Roy.
The court allowed the group to sell properties in Jodhpur, Pune, Chauma in Gurgaon and Vasai in Mumbai after it was satisfied that the transactions were in accordance with its June 4 order.
This order had stated that "such sales are not for a price lower than the estimated value indicated in the statement filed before this Court or the circle rates fixed for the area in which such properties are situated".
The bench permitted it to go ahead with the proposed deal and deposit Rs 50 crore with SEBI-Sahara refund account.
#sahara #supreme court #subrato roy #sebi
A bench headed by Justice TS Thakur was told that the transactions for these properties would be completed by May 2015 and in the meantime, the purchasers would deposit post-dated cheques in the name of SEBI-Sahara refund account with undertakings that those would be honoured on due dates.
The bench, also comprising justices AR Dave and AK Sikri, was informed that the group has already generated Rs 184.5 crore as part payment for its assets in Jodhpur, Chauma and Vasai and following which it was allowed to hand over three demand drafts and one cheque to SEBI's counsel.
Regarding the sale of Pune property which would fetch Rs 550 crore, Sahara group through senior advocates Rajiv Dhawan and S Ganesh said that the agreement was not signed due to unavoidable circumstances and in the near future, the deal will be through and it is expected to get Rs 50 crore as initial part payment.
Accepting the proposal, the bench permitted it to go ahead with the proposed deal and deposit Rs 50 crore with SEBI-Sahara refund account.
Out of the list of nine domestic properties, Sahara has already sold its Ahmedabad property and has raised Rs 411.82 crores which has gone into the account of SEBI.
However, Sahara Group would have to wait for getting clearance for raising 'junior loan' of US dollar 650 million (approx. Rs 3,600 crore) as a part of the scheme to overcome the liability with Bank of China which had lent money to it in purchasing stakes in three overseas hotels, Dream Downtown and The Plaza in New York and Grosvenor House in London.
SEBI's counsel Arvind Dattar and senior advocate Shekhar Naphade, who is assisting the court as an amicus curiae in the matter, submitted that certain terms of transactions were not clear like the issue of escrow agent and the liability which is likely to rise for the Sahara.
The bench asked the Sahara Group to provide all information sought by the amicus and the market regulator within a week and posted the matter for further hearing on December 17.
3

HHS announces 35 U.S. Ebola-ready treatment centersThe following 35 U. S. hospitals have been designated to care for Ebola patients. Here are the treatment centers:
Kaiser Oakland Medical Center – Oakland, California
Kaiser South Sacramento Medical Center – Sacramento, California
University of California Davis Medical Center – Sacramento, California
University of California San Francisco Medical Center – San Francisco, California
Emory University Hospital – Atlanta, Georgia
Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children’s Hospital of Chicago – Chicago, Illinois
Northwestern Memorial Hospital – Chicago, Illinois
Rush University Medical Center – Chicago, Illinois
University of Chicago Medical Center – Chicago, Illinois
Johns Hopkins Hospital – Baltimore, Maryland
National Institutes of Health – Bethesda, Maryland
University of Maryland Medical Center – Baltimore, Maryland
Unity Hospital – Fridley, Minnesota
Children’s Hospitals and Clinics of Minnesota – St. Paul, Minnesota
University of Minnesota Medical Center, West Bank Campus – Minneapolis, Minnesota
Mayo Clinic Hospital – Rochester, Minnesota
University of Nebraska Medical Center – Omaha, Nebraska
Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital -  New Brunswick, New Jersey
North Shore LIJ/Glen Cove Hospital – Glen Cove, New York
HHC Bellevue Hospital Center – New York City, New York
Montefiore Health System – New York City, New York
New York-Presbyterian/Allen Hospital – New York City, New York
The Mount Sinai Hospital – New York City, New York
Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania – Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia – Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Methodist Hospital – Richardson, Texas
University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston – Galveston, Texas
University of Virginia Medical Center – Charlottesville, Virginia
Virginia Commonwealth University Medical Center – Richmond, Virginia
Children’s National Medical Center – Washington, D.C.
George Washington University Hospital – Washington, D.C.
Medstar Washington Hospital Center – Washington, D.C.
University of Wisconsin Health – Madison, Wisconsin
Froedtert and the Medical College of Wisconsin – Milwaukee, Wisconsin
Children’s Hospital of Wisconsin – Milwaukee, Wisconsin
(CDC)

Book Review of Joseph Bottum  An Anxious Age: The Post-Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of AmericaComments
By Todd Zywicki December 2
I recently read Joseph Bottum’s marvelous book, “ An Anxious Age: The Post-Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of America .” This is one of the most fascinating books I’ve read in some time.
Bottum will be familiar to many readers through his many essays in the Weekly Standard and elsewhere ( this one is one of my favorites, which anticipates some of the ideas in this book) and his term at the helm of First Things. In fact, the prototype for “An Anxious Age” was a First Things cover story that Bottum wrote in 2008, “ The Death of Protestant America: A Political Theory of the Protestant Mainline .” That article made a large impression on me when it first came out, and I was happy to learn that Bottum was planning to develop those ideas into a book.
“An Anxious Age” is probably best described as a work of religious sociology — both how society impacts religious practice (and how religious views evolve over time) as well as how religious views impact society. But it is written as an extended essay, not a data-focused academic tome, as is, for example, Charles Murray’s “Coming Apart,” to which the themes of “An Anxious Age” bear a good deal of resemblance.
The book is actually two relatively distinct essays, which bear a somewhat loose but useful connection. Part I of the book deals with the formal decline of the Protestant mainline churches as the moral center of American society, but also the continued rump effect those churches have on American society’s subconscious (if society can have a subconscious). Part II of the book addresses what Bottum characterizes as an effort — ultimately unsuccessful — by Catholics and evangelicals beginning in the mid-2000s to form a sort of alliance to try to create a new moral code and religious institutional ballast to fill the void left in American society by the decline of the Protestant mainline churches that he describes in the first part of the book. What I found most interesting and provocative is Bottum’s thesis that although it seems that the moral core of modern American society has been entirely secularized, and religion and religious institutions play little role in shaping those views, in fact the watered-down gruel of moral views served up by elite establishment opinion (recycling, multiculturalism, and the like) is a remnant of the old collection of Protestant mainline views that dominated American society for decades or even centuries.
To highlight the important sociological importance of religion in American society, Bottum uses the now-familiar metaphor of a three-legged stool in describing American society (one that I and others have used as well): a balance between constitutional democracy, free market capitalism, and a strong and vibrant web of civil society institutions where moral lessons are taught and social capital is built. In the United States, the most important civil society organizations traditionally have been family and churches. And, among the churches, by far the most important were those that Bottum deems as the “Protestant Mainline” — Episcopalian, Lutheran, Baptist (Northern), Methodist, Presbyterian, Congregationalist/United Church of Christ, etc.
The data on changing membership in these churches is jaw-dropping. In 1965, for example, over half of the United States population claimed membership in one of the Protestant mainline churches. Today, by contrast, less than 10 percent of the population belongs to one of these churches. Moreover, those numbers are likely to continue to decline — the Protestant Mainline (“PM”) churches also sport the highest average age of any church group.
Why does the suicide of the Protestant Mainline matter? Because for Bottum, these churches are what provided the sturdy third leg to balance politics and markets in making a good society. Indeed, Bottum sees the PM churches as the heart of American Exceptionalism — they provided the moral code of Americanism. Probity, responsibility, honesty, integrity — all the moral virtues that provided the bedrock of American society and also constrained the hydraulic and leveling tendencies of the state and market to devour spheres of private life.
The collapse of this religious-moral consensus has been most pronounced among American elites, who have turned largely indifferent to formal religious belief. And in some leftist elite circles it has turned to outright hostility toward religion — Bottum reminds us of Barack Obama’s observation that rural Americans today cling to their “guns and Bibles” out of bitterness about changes in the world. Perhaps most striking is that anti-Catholic bigotry today is almost exclusively found on “the political Left, as it members rage about insidious Roman influence on the nation: the Catholic justices on the Supreme Court plotting to undo the abortion license, and the Catholic racists of the old rust belt states turning their backs on Obama to vote for Hillary Clinton in the 2008 Democratic primaries. Why is it no surprise that one of the last places in American Christianity to find good, old-fashioned anti-Catholicism is among the administrators of the dying Mainline…. They must be anti-Catholics precisely to the extent that they are also political leftists.” As the recent squabbles over compelling practicing Catholics to toe the new cultural line on same-sex marriage at the risk of losing their jobs or businesses, the political Left today is increasingly intolerant of recognizing a private sphere of belief outside of the crushing hand of political orthodoxy.
Yet as Bottum notes, the traditional elite consensus has been replaced by a new spiritual orthodoxy of “morality.” The American elite (however defined) today does subscribe to a set of orthodoxies of what constitutes “proper” behavior: proper views on the environment, feminism, gay rights, etc. Thus, Bottum provocatively argues, the PM hasn’t gone away, it has simply evolved into a new form, a religion without God as it were, in which the Sierra club, universities, and Democratic Party have supplanted the Methodists and Presbyterians as the teachers of proper values.
How did this occur? I am Catholic, so this part of the story was one of the elements of the book that struck me as particularly interesting, as much of the history was new to me. Bottum points to the key moment as the emergence of the Social Gospel movement in the early 20th Century. Led by Walter Rauschenbusch, the Social Gospel movement reached beyond the traditional view that Christianity spoke to personal failings such as sin, but instead reached “the social sin of all mankind, to which all who ever lived have contributed, and under which all who ever lived have suffered.” As Bottum summarizes it, Rauschenbusch identified six social sins: “bigotry, the arrogance of power, the corruption of justice for personal ends, the madness [and groupthink] of the mob, militarism, and class contempt.” As religious belief moved from the pulpit and pew to the voting booth and activism, the role of Jesus and any religious belief became increasingly attenuated. And eventually, Bottum suggests, the political agenda itself came to overwhelm the increasingly irrelevant religious beliefs that initially supported it. Indeed, to again consider contemporary debates, what matters most is outward conformity to orthodox opinion, not persuasion and inward acceptance of a set of particular views–as best illustrated by the lynch mobs that attacked Brendan Eich for his political donations (his outward behavior) and to compel conformity of behavior among wedding cake bakers and the like, all of which bears little relation to (and in fact is likely counterproductive) to changing personal belief. (Of course, that too is an unstable equilibrium–in the future it won’t be sufficient to not merely not be politically opposed to same-sex marriage, it will be a litmus test to be affirmatively in favor of it.).
Thus, while the modern elite appears to be largely non-religious, Bottum argues that they are the subconscious heirs to the old Protestant Mainline, but are merely Post-Protestant — the same demographic group of people holding more or less the same views and fighting the same battles as the advocates of the social gospel.
In the second part of the book, Bottum turns to his second theme — the effort beginning around 2000 of Catholics and Evangelical Christians to form an alliance to create a new moral consensus to replace the void left by the collapse Protestant Mainline churches. Oversimplified, Bottum’s basic point is that this was an effort to marry the zeal and energy of Evangelical churches to the long, well-developed natural law theory of Catholicism, including Catholic social teaching. Again oversimplified, Bottum’s argument is that this effort was doomed on both sides of the equation–first, Catholicism is simply too dense and “foreign” to ever be a majoritarian church in the United States; and second, because evangelical Christianity itself has lost much of its vibrant nature. Bottum notes, which I hadn’t realized, that after years of rapid growth, evangelical Christianity appears to be in some decline in membership. Thus, the religious void remains. The obvious question with which one is left is if Bottum is correct that religious institutions uphold the third leg of the American stool, and if (as he claims) religion is the key to American exceptionalism, can America survive without a continued vibrant religious tradition?
Herewith a few of my own thoughts after reading the book:
The first is simply that this is an immensely interesting and readable book. I read almost the whole thing on a plane trip from California and Jody’s writing style just carries you along effortlessly. His writing is high stylistic without be overstylized and is just an absolute joy to read. He has a gift for weaving together larger ideas with anecdotes and exemplars of his point. He has a light touch in making his point that rarely offends (even on controversial issues) and always illuminates.
Second, is that I largely find Bottum’s argument persuasive. The absence of the Protestant Mainline as a central moral force in American society today is largely taken for granted, such that the implications are largely ignored–as if it has always been this way. To the extent that leaders of Mainline Protestant churches are ever noticed in public, my impression is they are viewed as somewhat buffoonish figures trotted out occasionally to add a veneer of religious window-dressing to the elite’s preexisting views on various political issues such as same-sex marriage and the size of the welfare state. I say “buffoonish” because they often seem to come across as intellectual lightweights, to shallow intellectually to be taken seriously by secular analysts and too shallow theologically to be taken seriously by religious analysts. As a result, they seem to have little influence over public life today. They’ve essentially made themselves irrelevant. (My apologies for painting with an overly-broad brush, and I realize that this is a contestable assertion. It just reflects my impression of how leaders of the Mainline Protestant churches are often treated in news coverage and the like).
Third, one  aspect of the modern post-Protestant morality that struck me after reading the book is its ostentatious and somewhat self-congratulatory nature. In the Preface to the book, Bottum explains that the proximate genesis of the book was an experience he had in 2011 when he was commissioned to write an article about the Occupy Wall Street protest movement. Bottum sensed in these young and clueless youth a deep spiritual anxiety. But it was not linked to any coherent political platform or reform agenda–instead, the goal was “change” of some sort and an assertion of the protesters moral rectitude; and, perhaps equally important (as Bottum describes it), an anxiety to be publicly congratulated for their moral rectitude. Campus protests today, for example, often seem to be sort of a form of performance art, where the gestures of protest and being seen to “care” are ends in themselves, as often the protests themselves have goals that are somewhat incoherent (compared to, say, protests against the Vietnam War). Bottum describes this as a sort of spirtual angst, a vague discomfort with the way things are and an even vaguer desire for change. On this point I wonder whether he is being too generous to their motives.
Fourth, and to my mind the most important thought I had while reading it, was that I found Bottum’s description of the causal decline of the Protestant Mainline incomplete. He briefly pauses to address the question: “The question, of course, is why it happened–this sudden decline of the Mainline, this collapse of the Great Church of America, this dwindling of American Protestantism even as it has now found the unity that it always lacked before.” He discusses a few of the hypotheses (at pages 104-107) but simply defers to the work of others.
But there is one thesis that he doesn’t consider that I think contributes much of the explanation of the decline of the importance of the Protestant Mainline, which is the thesis developed by Shelby Steele is his great book “ White Guilt .” I think Steele’s argument provides the key to unlocking not only the decline of the Protestant Mainline but also the timing, and why the decline of the Protestant Mainline has been so much more precipitous than Evangelicals and Catholics, as well as why anti-Evangelical and anti-Catholic bigotry is so socially acceptable among liberal elites.
Steele’s thesis, oversimplified, is that the elite institutions of American society for many years were complicit in a system that perpetrated injustices on many Americans. The government, large corporations, major universities, white-show law firms, fraternal organizations, etc.–the military being somewhat of an exception to this–all conspired explicitly or tacitly in a social system that supported first slavery then racial discrimination, inequality toward women, anti-Semitism, and other real injustices. Moreover, all of this came to a head in the 1960s, when these long-held and legitimate grievances bubbled to the surface and were finally recognized and acknowledged by those who ran these elite institutions and efforts were taken to remediate their harms. This complicity in America’s evils, Steele argues, discredited the moral authority of these institutions, leaving not only a vacuum at the heart of American society but an ongoing effort at their redemption.
But, Steele argues, this is where things have become somewhat perverse. It wasn’t enough for, say, Coca-Cola to actually take steps to remediate its past sins, it was crucial for Coca-Cola to show that it was acknowledging its guilty legacy and, in particular, to demonstrate that it was now truly enlightened. But how to do that? Steele argues that this is the pivotal role played by hustlers like Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton — they can sell the indulgences to corporations, universities, and the other guilty institutions to allow them to demonstrate that they “understand” and accept their guilt and through bowing to Jackson’s demands, Jackson can give them a clean bill of moral health.
Thus, Steele says that what is really going on is an effort by the leaders of these institutions to “dissociate” themselves from their troubled past and peer institutions today that lack the same degree of enlightenment. Moreover, it is crucially important that the Jackson’s of the world set the terms–indeed, the more absurd and ridiculous the penance the better from this perspective, because more ridiculous penances make it easier to demonstrate your acceptance of your guilt.
One set of institutions that Steele does not address, but which fits perfectly into his thesis, is the Protestant Mainline churches that Bottum is describing. It is precisely because the Protestant Mainline churches were the moral backbone of American society that they were in need of the same sort of moral redemption that universities, corporations, and the government. Indeed, because of their claim to be the moral exemplar, their complicity in real injustice was especially bad. Much of the goofiness of the Mainline Protestant churches over the past couple of decades can be well-understood, I think, through this lens of efforts to dissociate themselves from their legacy and other less-enlightened churches. In short, it seems that often their religious dogma is reverse-engineered–they start from wanting to make sure that they hold the correct cutting-edge political and social views, then they retrofit a thin veil of religious belief over those social and political opinions. Such that their religious beliefs today, as far as one ever hears about them at all, differ little from the views of The New York Times editorial page.
This also explains why Catholics and Evangelicals are so maddening, and threatening, to the modern elites. Unlike the Protestant Mainline churches that were the moral voice of the American establishment, Catholicism and Evangelicals have always been outsiders to the American establishment. Thus they bear none of the guilt of having supported unjust political and social systems and refuse to act like they do. They have no reason to kowtow to elite opinion and, indeed, are often quite populist in their worldview (consider the respect that Justices Scalia or Thomas have for the moral judgments of ordinary Americans on issues like abortion or same-sex marriage vs. the views of elites). Given the sorry record of American elites for decades, there is actually a dividing line between two world views. Modern elites believe that the entire American society was to blame, thus we all share guilt and must all seek forgiveness through affirmative action, compulsory sensitivity training, and recycling mandates. Others, notably Catholics and Evangelicals, refuse to accept blame for a social system that they played no role in creating or maintaining and which, in fact, they were excluded themselves. To some extent, therefore, I think that the often-remarked political fault line in American society along religious lines (which Bottum discusses extensively), is as much cultural and historical (in Steele’s sense) as disagreements over religion per se. At the same time, the decline of its moral authority hit the Protestant Mainline churches harder than well-entrenched universities, corporations, or the government, in part because the embrace of the Social Gospel had laid the foundations for their own obsolescence years before.
This also explains why if a religious revival is to occur, it would come from the alliance of Catholics and Evangelicals that he describes in the second half of the book. Mainline Protestantism seems to simply lack the moral authority to revive itself and has essentially made itself obsolete. There appears to be little market for religions without God.
In the end, Bottum leaves us with no answer to his central question–can America, which for so long relied on the Protestant Mainline churches to provide a moral and institutional third leg to the country, survive without it. Can the thin gruel of the post-Protestant New York Times elite consensus provide the moral glue that used to hold the country together? Perhaps, or perhaps not — that is the question we are left with after reading Bottum’s fascinating book.
Finally, I drafted this over the weekend, but I wanted to call attention to Jody’s new essay at the Weekly Standard “The Spiritual Shape of Political Ideas” that touches on many of the themes of the book and develops them in light of ongoing controversies, especially on the parallels between the new moral consensus and traditional religious thinking (and, in fact, his comments on “original sin” strike me as similar to the points about Shelby Steele that I raised above).

Cold chains can prevent Rs 13 600 cr food l...Agriculture
(Lack of cold and frozen supply…)
MUMBAI: Lack of cold and frozen supply chains leads to loss of fruits and vegetables worth over Rs 13,600 crore annually in the country, according to a report.
The report 'A Tank of Cold: Cleantech Leapfrog to a more food secure world' by UK-based Institution of Mechanical Engineers calls for urgent action to encourage roll-out of sustainable cold chains in India to prevent unnecessary food loss, help alleviate hunger and improve global food security.
As much as 50 per cent of perishable foot items are lost every year in India due to lack of cold storages, it said.
India is the world's largest producer of milk, and second only to China in fruit and vegetables. Yet agriculture , which makes up 53 per cent of the workforce, generates just 15 per cent of GDP.
As of 2012, India had about 6,300 cold storages with a capacity of 30.11 million metric tonnes. But about 60 per cent of them are located in Uttar Pradesh, Gujarat, West Bengal and Punjab.
The Indian government as well as NGOs involved in development initiatives and retailers need to prioritise investment into affordable, reliable and sustainable cold chain, said the report.
"Using the cryogenic engine technology to provide cooling of large refrigerated lorry or rail containers will cost between a fifth and a third of using diesel for the same job. It has the added benefit of zero-emission of pollutants...
"When combined with the increased income to farmers from getting more produce to market, this makes economic as well as environmental sense," it said, adding that India is well placed to use the technology as it has both the LNG infrastructure and the engineering talent.
Domestic investment in cold chain is forecast to be $15 billion over the next five years, but to ensure this investment is sustainable and cost effective it must focus on powering these cold chains using renewable energy sources, the report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Heavens wont fall if Section 66A of IT Act is stayed: Supreme CourtSC warns govt over gagging social media
Bhadra Sinha , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 02, 2014
First Published: 21:28 IST(2/12/2014) | Last Updated: 02:01 IST(3/12/2014)
Comments
The Supreme Court on Tuesday warned the Centre it would make inoperative certain controversial provisions of the Information Technology (IT) Act often invoked by authorities to muzzle free speech on social media, if it failed to clarify its stand within a week.
Advertisement
"Heavens are not going to fall if the provisions are stayed... because this country has been in existence for the past 60 years without these provisions," a bench headed by Justice J Chelameswar said.
"Either you file the affidavit within a week or we will stay the operation of the provisions until we dispose of the matter," the bench told additional solicitor general Maninder Singh as he sought two weeks to file an affidavit.
The Centre is to clarify its stand on a two-year-old petition seeking to declare unconstitutional sections 66A and 74 of the IT Act.
While Section 66A provides for maximum three-year imprisonment for sending 'offensive' or 'annoying' messages through a computer or communication device, Section 74 provides for two-year jail term for intermediaries hosting such content.
Citing the arrests made under the two sections by various state police, petitioner Shreya Singhal contended the arrests amounted to curtailment of freedom of speech and expression guaranteed under Article 19(1)(a) of the Constitution. The provisions were vague and broadly worded, she contended.
As Singh insisted that the matter be adjourned for two weeks, the bench retorted, "We leave the choice to you. Either you file an affidavit within a week or we will stay the operation of the provisions. The choice is yours."
The SC’s warning came after the petitioner’s counsel Manali Singhal opposed grant of yet another opportunity to the Centre to spell out its stand. She said the PIL was filed way back in April 2012 and the Centre had not come out with any categorical stand.
The bench agreed with her, saying, "This matter cannot be treated lightly. Two years have passed and there is no definite answer from you (Centre)." It fixed December 9 to hear the matter further.
Shreya petitioned the SC assailing the arrests of two girls in Mumbai in November 2012 for a Facebook post against the shutdown of the metropolis during Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray’s funeral procession.
Bangladeshi writer Taslima Nasreen, facing a case in Uttar Pradesh for posting certain 'objectionable comments' in a tweet in 2012, is also a petitioner before the SC. She has sought quashing of the case, which was registered in Bareli district after her tweet criticising AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal for meeting Maulana Tauqeer Raza Khan, became public. Khan had issued a fatwa against Nasreen in 2007.
Last year, the Centre had issued a general circular to all the states and union territories mandating that prior permission of an Inspector General/DCP rank officer should be taken before arresting a person under these provisions.

An unrelenting Opposition rejects Minister Niranjan Jyoti s apology  demands her dismissalDec 03, 2014 at  01:48am IST
An unrelenting Opposition rejects Union Minister Niranjan Jyoti's apology, demands her dismissal
9
0
New Delhi: Union Minister of State for Food Processing Industries Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti on Tuesday apologised to the Parliament for her controversial remarks in Monday's public rally in New Delhi. However, the Opposition refused to relent, saying they wanted her to be sacked.
"I had no intentions of hurting sentiments. I regret my statement," Jyoti said.
The Opposition, while dismissing the apology, demanded that an FIR must be lodged against her as she has accepted a cognizable offence. They also demanded that the minister must be sacked and the Prime Minister, as head of the government, should make a statement on the floor of the House.
#sadhvi niranjan jyoti #sitaram yechury #parliament #rahul gandhi
CPM leader Sitaram Yechury said, "Since she has apologised in the House and admitted to a crime, let an FIR be filed. Till then she should not continue as a member of the Cabinet."
Senior Congress leader Ashwani Kumar said, "No less than the Prime Minister of the country should come and explain what actions he propose to take against the minister."
Feeling the heat, the government fielded its senior ministers to defend itself. Leader of House in the Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitely, while condemning the statement of his colleague, said the Opposition must allow the law to take its course.
"We condemn it. Let the House function," Jaitley said.
It was Jyoti's hate speech which rocked the Parliament. Outside, the Opposition sought accountability from the NDA on all the poll promises made during the election campaign.
Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi, making one of those rare appearances at the Gandhi statue, said, "It's a government of U-turns, be it on the issue of black money, CAG or corruption."
193

Start-ups harness millennial laziness for social good on #GivingTuesdayBy Caitlin Dewey December 2 Follow @caitlindewey
A screenshot from Charitweet’s Web site. Whether this motto mollifies lazy millennials or expresses a philosophical truth depends, of course, on your point of view.
Giving Tuesday — excuse me, #GivingTuesday — is an annual exercise in shameless millennial pandering, wherein charities try to jolt young ‘uns from their presumed apathy with hashtags, selfies, Internet slang and other things that old people think young people like.
In Boston, three actual young people have a better idea. Can’t beat millennials’ taste for the convenient, the comfortable and the vaguely self-involved? Try harnessing it for social good.
This is, in a phrase, the concept behind Charitweet , a philanthropy start-up launched out of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology that aims to make charity so simple, even a smartphone-addicted selfie-taker could do it.
“I think [the term ‘slacktivism’] is a really unfair characterization,” said Charles Huang, one of the site’s co-founders, referring to the popular, derogatory portmanteau for people who only protest or otherwise engage social issues from the comfort of their computer screens. “It’s not like it represents some failure as a society or as a generation. Ecommerce has just made it so easy for me to send money, except when it comes to giving. … Why should donating to charity be harder than buying something on Amazon?”
Essentially, when a user signs up for Charitweet, he or she enters credit card information that the company stores. Then, when our convenience-obsessed Millennial donor wants to make a donation to, say, Watsi — a healthcare nonprofit — he need only send a tweet to @watsi and @chrtwt with a dollar-amount in it. (That $ sign is important: It’s what tells Charitweet, and their mobile-payments vendor, Stripe, that you’re making a donation.) Look, I just did it:
I am donating $1 to @watsi through @chrtwt - RT to join me #GiveBetter https://t.co/FSilFpOQD4
— Caitlin Dewey (@caitlindewey) December 1, 2014
It’s a frictionless, almost passive process. More importantly, in the wake of the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge , #BringBackOurGirls and an avalanche of other very visible, very “viral” campaigns , it’s inherently social in a way that more ham-fisted efforts — #UNselfies , for instance, or Crowdrise’s puzzling “holographic towers” — are not. Perhaps that’s because the three guys behind Charitweet, who all graduated within the past two years, are actually part of the generation they’re targeting. (“We’re all 23,” Huang says, hesitating. “Unless one of us had a birthday? But I don’t think so.”)
He points out that the nonprofits that have really resonated with so-called millennials — think Charity Water or Pencils of Promise or even the infamous Kony 2012 — have really built up their digital presence in a way that feels natural and native to the medium. Young people aren’t supporting those organizations because they’re too lazy to support non-digital efforts, Huang says, or because posting an ice bucket challenge makes you look good. They’re doing it because these charities engage them on their turf.
(Tab for a Cause)
Charitweet is not, incidentally, the only organization trying to give Millennial “slacktivism” a good name. A browser plug-in called Tab for a Cause — devoted, today, to making “giving go viral” — serves up an ad every time you open a browser tab and donates those fractions of cents to charity. It was founded by two college students in 2012. Meanwhile, sites like Brigade and PopVox — both socials network for issue advocacy and political engagement — promise to let users push themselves back to “the center of our democracy,” all without leaving their laptops or dorms.
All of these efforts have their limits, of course — operating costs chief among them. Charitweet collects 5.9 percent of each donation and a flat-fee of 50 cents. (This means, in other words, that less than half of my $1 @watsi tweet will actually make it to the organization.)
These projects also tend to have limited reach, at least at their outset: Even after two years, Tab for a Cause only works with eight charities, and PopVox’s 400,000 registered users are, NPR reports , “people who were already engaged offline.” Charitweet, likewise, is currently partnered with 43 nonprofits, whom it audits according to recommendations from Charity Navigator; tweeting at any other charities won’t work.
Still, Huang and his co-founders think Charitweet has real potential to rebrand slacktivism — to make it, if not a term of pride, at least a source of concrete, demonstrable social good. I ask Huang and one of his co-founders, Colin Sidoti, if there’s any big takeaway people should have on them and what Charitweet’s trying to do.
“We are so awesome,” jokes Sidoti, “and we’re going to change the world.”
How terribly millennial of him! But in some small way, he might be right.
Update: This post originally said Charitweet collects 5.9 percent of each donation OR a flat-fee of 50 cents; they actually collect both. Sorry for the mix-up!
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

How Zoho is thriving by breaking the rulesHow Zoho is thriving by breaking the rules
Indulekha Aravind | Bangalore Dec 02, 2014 10:30 PM IST
In Zoho's early days, when the software products company's target market was mainly the US and it was barely known in India, its country of origin, attracting and retaining talent was no easy task. "We even had employees quitting because they said their prospective in-laws were pressuring them to join a big brand name!" recalls Raju Vegesna, the company's chief evangelist, who came on board in early 2001. At college campuses, Zoho was pushed to the third or fourth slot during recruitment, by which time the top talent would have been picked up by the big IT companies.
Around this time, Zoho founder and CEO Sridhar Vembu noticed that there was not much of a correlation between an employee's academic credentials and his performance at work. In an internal poll on whether college education had been useful, most of them said they had just fooled around in college, says Vegesna. Vembu, himself a graduate of IIT Madras with a doctorate from Princeton University in the US, decided that it was time to look beyond the conventional method of hiring, with its emphasis on college degrees and multiple interview rounds, and thus Zoho University was born in 2005. The students in the training programme are all from government high schools or diploma colleges in and around Chennai or other small towns in Tamil Nadu, selected after some tests of basic skills (none in computers). They are then put through an 18-month-training programme, during which they get a stipend of Rs 8,000. At the end of it, most are absorbed in the company, depending on the performance. "It was very tough to convince teachers and parents initially, but now it's got slightly easier," says Rebecca Khanna, one of the lecturers at the university.
In one of the classrooms at Zoho's main office at DLF IT Park in Chennai, Kiruba Jayashree, a 17-year-old from Trichy in Tamil Nadu, is busy learning Java, HTML and Python. It sounds incredible but Jayashree, whose father is a farmer and mother a homemaker, had not even touched a computer before she joined Zoho in April this year. She is among the approximately 100 students the company is training at present. "We have over 300 employees at Zoho through the programme and 13-15 per cent of our employees don't have college degrees," says Vegesna. With hiring left to the discretion of team managers, the standard interview format is still around but it's not something the top management is very keen on.
Creating the university was one of the many unconventional moves of Zoho, which turned its attention to the Indian market last month with the launch of its products for users in India. The privately held software products company, which was launched in 1996 as a network management company, has 10 million customers globally,
It currently has 2,500 employees at its main office in Porur in Chennai. In a couple of weeks, a new 28-acre campus in Guduvancheri, with capacity to accommodate 6,000 people, will be ready and employees will shift there in batches. It also has a campus in Tenkashi in southern Tamil Nadu, which will eventually be scaled up to accommodate 1,000 employees from 100 at present. The idea behind having a campus there was to attract employees from around the region who would then be able to enjoy a better quality of life and contribute to the local economy. "The internet flattens the world and people in Tenkasi have access to the same information as someone in San Francisco, so why contribute to the traffic in cities," says Vegesna.
Keeping it bright
Each floor of the office in Porur is designed in shades of red, blue, green or yellow, the four colours of the company logo. The conference room is a rather grim grey but the rest of the office is more cheerful. The office even has a games room with space for table tennis, carrom boards and chess boards. There is also a badminton court in another building. While there might not be refrigerators full of food at every corner, lunch is free for staff and other meals are heavily subsidised. There is even a vegetable market set up in the evenings for employees to pick up groceries before they head home. "We probably do have the feel-good stuff other companies offer but it's just that we don't believe in using HR as a marketing tool. We like employees to come to us to work: they should make a difference by creating excellent products. We don't want them to join us because we offer free meals," Vegesna says.
On Friday, some of the male employees are in kurta-pyjama and a few women are in saris. "Friday is ethnic day and I thought I would try it out once," says Hariharan Murali, a product marketing manager attired in a formal kurta and pyjama. This is Murali's first stint in marketing and he says one of the only things he was asked at the Zoho interview was whether he was sure about the switch. "I said I was, and now here I am," he says.
Friday is also the day when the company hosts a 60-minute session for its designers called Friday 60, where they discuss product design. Arun Raj, a visual designer who has come for the session, seems another typical Zoho hire, having dropped out of college. Raj's previous office had been in the same building as Zoho's old office and the company's growth had impressed him, pushing him to apply. "Usually, these recruitment processes take four months but I got an offer the same day," says the 23-year-old.
Zoho is considered something of an outlier also because it is one of the few technology companies that have grown without the help of venture capital. "By the time we started doing things on a scale venture capitalists would be interested in, we no longer needed venture capital money. So it became a moot point," says Vegesna. Vembu continued to get calls every week so he blogged about it, asking VCs to leave him alone, but they are yet to give up. "Let's just say if someone does manage to get a meeting with Sridhar, they won't like what they hear," says the company's chief evangelist.
The company has had to pivot quite a few times since its inception in 1996, such as during the dotcom bust when 297 of its 300 customers went out of business. The latest shift is the focus on the Indian market, with the company now offering its cloud-based business operating system suite to Indian customers, mainly small and medium businesses. With the number of internet users poised to reach 302 million by the end of this year, the company is betting big on growth here. "Earlier, we looked at India as our talent pool for software, but now we are focusing on India as a market," says Vegesna.

Hugging mother Mata Amritanandamayi meets Pope Francis in VaticanWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: December 2, 2014 10:24 pm | Updated: December 3, 2014 2:28 am
Hindu spiritual leader from Kerala Mata Amritanandamayi has met Pope Francis in Vatican on Monday.
Her Math in Kollam said the spiritual leader, known as hugging mother, sat next to Pope and signed the joint declaration of religious leaders against modern slavery. The declaration underlined that slavery, in terms of human trafficking, is a crime against humanity. Leaders of various Christian denominations as well as Budhist, Hindu, Jewish and Muslim faiths had signed the declaration, said a Math release.
Amritanandamayi and other religious leaders had gathered in Rome on Monday, the International Day for the Abolition of Slavery, to sign a common declaration, showing their commitment towards the eradication of modern slavery by 2020.
“We are honoured and thankful that Pope Francis has gathered us here today under the auspices of the Global Freedom Network. I am optimistic that all global faiths are uniting together to inspire both spiritual and practical actions towards society ending the horror of slavery and human trafficking,” the release quoted Amritanandamayi as saying.
The initiative to bring together world religious leaders on a common platform was made by the Global Freedom Network (GFN), which is a faith-based global network with a vision and purpose to eradicate modern slavery and human trafficking.

A little mystery in Rohtak sisters bravery: Second videos outWritten by Sumegha Gulati | New Delhi |
Posted: December 3, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: December 3, 2014 2:21 pm
More question marks emerged on Tuesday in the story of the two Rohtak sisters who beat up their alleged “harassers” on a Haryana Roadways bus last week, with the release of a second video of them beating and kicking another young man, and a village sarpanch saying that the two had lodged a complaint in May against three more youths, including a minor.
Aarti, the elder sister, confirmed the incident shown in the second video that was shot inside the HUDA park in Rohtak. However, the 22-year-old refused to comment on the complaint that she and her 19-year-old sister Pooja had filed five months ago against the youths from Sisana village, alleging that they had slapped and manhandled them.
Late on Tuesday, police said they were looking at three separate incidents involving the two sisters and a total of seven youths, six of whom are students of Jat College in Rohtak.
Mohit, Kuldeep Singh and Deepak Hooda, the three accused of harassing the girls in the “bus video” have been remanded to judicial custody till December 6; the unidentified youth in the second video has not been traced; and, no FIR was filed following the complaint lodged against the three others in May.
Police have still not been able to find out who shot the second video, and how it landed in the hands of Shripal, father of Deepak, who released it on Tuesday. The Indian Express had reported on Monday that police were also yet to trace the person who shot the first video on the bus last week – the girls have claimed that it was done by a pregnant woman they were trying to help.
When contacted, senior officials said that though they had not received the second video officially, they had sought a report on the new development from local police.
The new video emerged a day after Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar announced cash rewards for the two sisters, and official sources said that Kuldeep and Deepak – who had passed a preliminary test for the post of Jawan in the Army – would no longer be considered for recruitment.
Deepak’s father Shripal told The Indian Express that the second video “arrived at their doorstep under mysterious” circumstances. “We cannot reveal how it reached us,” he said. “But we do not know who the boy is. Maybe, his family does not want him to get into trouble.”
Shripal added that it was now the “job of the police” to investigate the matter.
As for the two other accused, Mohit’s family was not available for comment while Balbir Singh, father of Kuldeep, has been admitted to a hospital for treatment of hypertension, high blood pressure and a heart condition.
Shashank Anand, SP, Rohtak, said, “When we contacted these two girls, they continued…

Kerala HC asks State govt to issue liquor licenses to 22 four-star hotelsWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: December 2, 2014 10:01 pm | Updated: December 2, 2014 10:32 pm
Kerala high court on Tuesday asked the state government to issue liquor licenses to 22 hotels in four-star category.
Twenty-two four star hotels made fresh applications for liquor licenses in the wake of the high court single bench directive in October, this year, that four-star hotel should be allowed liquor licences.
The court had then observed that the government policy to close down four star bars was against the Supreme Court order which asked not to discriminate between four and five-star hotels.
In the new liquor policy of the state government, four star bars were bound to face closure.
But the high court order in October gave relief for 33 four star hotels. With Tuesday’s verdict another batch of 22 four star hotels too can run bars. Some of the applications who got favourable verdict on Tuesday were included among the 418 bars which have been remaining closed since April.
With this verdict, 84 hotels in the categories of four, five and heritage classes would be allowed to operate out of 730 bars. The court had earlier partially ratified the state’s new liquor policy, which meant all two, three and sub-standard would remain closed.
However, the three star hotels got an extended life with the high court allowing them to function until their appeals against the government policy is settled.
Excise minister K Babu said the government would move appeal against the verdict. The new licences would be given based on the verdict in the appeal.
KPCC president V M Sudheeran, who is on a political tour across Kerala, said it was unfortunate that the court was torpedoing a government decision taken at social welfare. However, government chief whip said all bars would be opened when Sudheeran completes his political tour against liquor menace.

Intex launches Aqua Power smartphone at Rs 8 444The Aqua Power can also be used as a power bank to charge other devices.
New Delhi |
Posted: December 2, 2014 9:39 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 2:02 pm
Intex has launched its Aqua Power smartphone at a price of Rs 8,444. The device is powered by a 4000mAh battery and cliams to deliver 18 hours of talk time while using 3G and 30 hours of talk time for 2G, 600 hours on standby and charges within 2.5 hours. The Aqua Power can also be used as a power bank to charge other devices.
The Intex Aqua Power features a 5-inch full lamination IPS display with a free screen breakage insurance for one year. Under the hood, the smartphone runs on a 1.4 GHz octa-core CPU with 1GB of RAM and 8GB of internal memory which can be expanded up to 32 GB.
The smartphone houses an 8MP rear camera, a 2MP front-facing camera and runs on Android 4.4 KitKat operating system. The device is avilable in White, Black, Blue and Grey colour options.
Specs:
5-inch full lamination IPS display
Android 4.4 KitKat OS

