Strides Arcolab brings GMS Holdings as strategic investorUpdated: September 29, 2014 22:57 IST
Strides Arcolab brings GMS Holdings as strategic investor
Special Correspondent
stock activity
GMS will invest $8.5 million for a 25.1 per cent stake in Stelis on closing at a premium of 50 per cent of the current equity investment by Strides.
Strides Arcolab has entered into an agreement with GMS Holdings (GMS) whereby GMS will invest $21.90 million for a 25.1 per cent stake in Stelis Biopharma Pvt. Ltd. (Stelis), the biotech arm of Strides, to fund its greenfield project.
The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2014, and is subject to requisite approvals.
According to a company release, Strides has invested $16.9 million in Stelis to date. Strides and GMS will invest $61.9 million, taking the total equity investment in Stelis to $78.8 million.
GMS will invest $8.5 million for a 25.1 per cent stake in Stelis on closing at a premium of 50 per cent of the current equity investment by Strides.
Further equity infusion of $40 million by Strides and $13.40 million by GMS will be made in tranches based on project and product development needs over a period of 2 years, in proportion to their ownership at par, the release says.
Stelis also has in place a project credit line of $40 million. With the total equity infusion of $78.8 million and credit line of $40 million, no further funding will be required till commercialisation, the release adds.

Shasun Pharmaceuticals to merge with Strides ArcolabUpdated: September 29, 2014 22:55 IST
Shasun Pharmaceuticals to merge with Strides Arcolab
Sanjay Vijayakumar
5:16 share swap ratio proposed for the merger
Chennai-based Shasun Pharmaceuticals will amalgamate with Bangalore-based Strides Arcolab to form a vertically integrated larger pharma company.
The proposal was approved the boards of the two companies on Monday.
Under the scheme of amalgamation, Shasun shareholders will get five Strides shares for every 16 shares held by them in Shasun.
Shasun shareholders will own 26 per cent of the combined firm.
The deal will see the creation of a combined entity with a revenue of over Rs.2,500 crore.
The combined entity will also figure among the top 15 listed pharma firms.
Based on the share swap ratio, Shasun is valued at Rs.1,230 crore based on its closing price of Rs.195.75 on Monday.
Pipeline of products
In a joint statement, the two companies said the combination would result in significant de-risking of operations with the combined entity having 12 manufacturing facilities and a pipeline of over 100 products.
Strides, it may be recalled, sold its injectable drugs business to Mylan for $1.6 billion last year.
In July, it acquired 74 per cent stake in Bafna Pharmaceuticals’ branded generic unit for Rs.48.1 crore.
Value creation
“Today’s proposed combination with Shasun accelerates our strategy and growth prospects by creating a larger scale, fully integrated, leading Indian pharma company with multiple growth drivers and synergies that will allow for enhanced profitability and more efficient use of our combined infrastructure and enhanced value creation opportunities for the combined shareholder group,” said Arun Kumar, Founder and Group CEO of Strides Arcolab, in a statement.
“Strides and Shasun bring complementary strengths and shared values of developing products and market opportunities across geographies, and the combination accelerates both scale and scope,” a release quoted Abhaya Kumar, CEO and Managing Director of Shasun, as saying.
Post the merger, the present promoters of Shasun will be categorised as promoters of the combined entity, along with the existing promoters of Strides. The transaction is expected to close by June 2015. It is, however, subject to all regulatory approvals.
SeQuent Scientific, a group company of Strides Arcolab, has a 5.82 per cent stake in Shasun.
Shares of Strides Arcolab rose 9.20 per cent to close at Rs.701.95 on Monday. Shasun shares were down marginally to close at Rs.195.75 on the BSE..

What is trade distorting when I am feeding my poor‘What is trade distorting when I am feeding my poor?’
Our Bureau
Bijoy Ghosh Minister of State for Commerce Nirmala Sitharaman, at 'Breakfast with BL', in Chennai on Monday.
Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman denies India was a deal breaker on trade facilitation at WTO
Chennai, September 29:  
Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman today said that she strongly objected to some countries alleging that India was a deal breaker at the World Trade Organisation (WTO) as it was only trying to take care of its poor while being fully committed to honouring the agreement reached at the Bali Ministerial meet.
Assurance to corporates
Addressing a section of Chennai’s corporate and diplomatic elite at the third ‘Breakfast with BusinessLine’ at the Park Sheraton Hotel & Towers in Chennai, Sitharaman assured businesses that changes in the Companies Act to smoothen processes will be announced during the Winter Session of Parliament.
“We have gone through in great detail to see how best to remove the biggest thorns in the Companies Act that have been upsetting everybody. About 90 per cent of the work has been done,” she said.
To address specific problems faced by industry, more expert groups on the lines of the one formulated on bringing more clarity to India’s intellectual property rules will be set up by the Government, she said.
‘Breakfast with BusinessLine’ is an informal forum for Chennai’s business and diplomatic community to exchange ideas and share concerns with eminent people from different fields.
Explaining India’s position on its on-going fight with several developed country members at the WTO over the implementation of the trade facilitation agreement, Sitharaman said that the Government never said no to it and was in fact carrying out trade facilitation procedures independently.
The Minister added that India just wanted to be sure that when it subsidised its poor farmers, countries won’t say that it was distorting trade and then drag it to dispute. “What is trade distorting when I am feeding my poor,” she asked.
Retrospective issue
On the retrospective tax amendment issue and the Vodafone case, the Minister said that there was not much that the Government could do as the arbitration process was on.
“We have made our case very clear that we will not go on that route (of retrospective taxation) at all. But to remove that with one brush stroke is also not possible. There are legal implications to it,” she said.
Answering queries on changes to the new Companies Act, the Minister said one had to wait as Parliament was in session and some of the notifications had to be announced there.
“Even after that, if industry feels there is a need to make amendments, we are open to that,” she said.
Industrialists had expressed worries over some provisions of the new Companies Act such as rules concerning related party transactions, non-banking financial companies and cap on the number of audits that can be carried out by an auditor. Some clarifications on the Act have already been made by the Government, but the industry is looking for more.
Vibrant IPR regime
Highlighting the need for a ‘vibrant’ intellectual property regime, Sitharaman said the new IPR policy being framed by the Government will bring more clarity to the Act and lay down the roadmap for the future.
She said the Government would promote R&D for drug manufacturers in the country and also provide them with funds for innovation. She also stressed the need for faster patent registrations so that India could benefit from technology transfer.
To address various problems that businesses have to face on a daily basis, Sitharaman said the Commerce Ministry will form a small sectoral group advisory board.
“I will invite many of you to help us form small groups in the Ministry. And keep advising us saying where we have to do things a bit rapidly,” she said, adding this had already been done for IPR.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

NHTSA reviewing new Toyota Corolla unintended-acceleration claims0
Ruginis and her husband, Bob, have met with Kelley’s staff to discuss their Corolla’s crash, said Sean Kane, the president of Safety Research & Strategies, the firm that reviewed the collision data.
"The Toyota monitor has an obligation to address safety and whether Toyota is accurately addressing it," Kane said.
Toyota examined the car, gave it a test drive and reviewed the information from the event-data recorder and decided there was nothing wrong with the vehicle.
Ruginis had previously had the Corolla repaired for both the floor-mat and gas-pedal recalls but reported the vehicle still had a history of “briefly surging.” She said it happened two to four times a month.
In the five seconds before the June 8 crash into the Jeep, the data recorder in the Corolla indicated that the accelerator pedal was untouched, the brake pedal was depressed and the speed of the car and engine power increased, Kane said. He said that was evidence of unintended acceleration.
“When we look at this data we see that this problem has not gone away,” Kane said.
However, Toyota said information from the data recorder shows that Ruginis was not braking until just a fraction of a second prior to the collision.
Last year, an Oklahoma City jury found that faulty electronic systems caused a Camry sedan to suddenly accelerate and crash, killing one woman and injuring another.
Toyota, however, has maintained that there was no electronic flaw that might cause its cars to accelerate unexpectedly.
A 10-month investigation, conducted primarily by NASA engineers, found no evidence that electronic defects or software code errors could have caused the thousands of sudden-acceleration incidents reported over the last decade. That review blamed the incidents on the same mechanical issues identified by Toyota.
Copyright © 2014, Chicago Tribune
Related Content

Top 10 stolen cars of 2013Top 10 stolen cars of 2013
Caption 1. Honda Accord
Fabrizio Costantini / Bloomberg
The Honda Accord was the most stolen car in the U.S. last year, with 53,995 snatched. But it was mostly older models that lacked the modern theft-protection technology of the current Accord.
The Honda Accord was the most stolen car in the U.S. last year, with 53,995 snatched. But it was mostly older models that lacked the modern theft-protection technology of the current Accord. (Fabrizio Costantini / Bloomberg)
Caption 2. Honda Civic
John O'Dell
The Honda Civic was the second most stolen car in the U.S. last year, with 45,001 snatched. But it was mostly older models that lacked the modern theft-protection technology of the current Civic.
The Honda Civic was the second most stolen car in the U.S. last year, with 45,001 snatched. But it was mostly older models that lacked the modern theft-protection technology of the current Civic. (John O'Dell)
Caption 3. Chevrolet Silverado pickup truck
Brett Mountain / Bloomberg
The Chevrolet Silverado pickup truck was the third most stolen auto in the U.S. last year, with 27,809 snatched.
The Chevrolet Silverado pickup truck was the third most stolen auto in the U.S. last year, with 27,809 snatched. (Brett Mountain / Bloomberg)
Caption 4. Ford F-Series pickup truck
Jeff Kowalsky / Bloomberg
The Ford F-Series pickup truck was the fourth most stolen vehicle in the U.S. last year, with 26,494 taken.
The Ford F-Series pickup truck was the fourth most stolen vehicle in the U.S. last year, with 26,494 taken. (Jeff Kowalsky / Bloomberg)
Caption 5. Toyota Camry
Toyota
The Toyota Camry was the fifth most stolen vehicle in he U.S. last year, with 14,420 taken.
The Toyota Camry was the fifth most stolen vehicle in he U.S. last year, with 14,420 taken. (Toyota)
See more galleries
Car thefts fell last year, reports the National Insurance Crime Bureau. The Honda Accord topped the list with 53,995 stolen last year. But those thefts were mostly 1990s models which lack the modern theft-prevention technology of the current model. Here are the 10 most stolen cars last year.
This photo gallery is featured in these articles:

Mallya set to retain Chairman post in USLUpdated: September 30, 2014 23:50 IST
Mallya set to retain Chairman post in USL
Special Correspondent
board of directors (appointment and change)
UB group Chairman Vijay Mallya is all set to retain the Chairman’s post of United Spirits Ltd (USL), sources in the company said on Tuesday after its annual general meeting here.
While a formal announcement is likely after a couple of days, when votes of those who opted for physical ballot is completed, the sources said the e-voting pattern showed that he was retaining the post. A significant number of the shareholders at the meeting opted for electronic voting, they added. In USL, foreign partner Diageo, through its subsidiary Relay B.V. of the Netherlands, holds 54.78 per cent stake, while Mr. Mallya has less than four per cent.
The AGM was keenly watched because of auditors pointing out several discrepancies regarding disclosures by the company management in their notes to accounts. Diageo has ordered a complete investigation into these issues, some of them involving loan provided to UB Holdings. Mr. Mallya was also under a cloud following some of the lenders declaring him as a wilful defaulter though he has got a stay order from the Calcutta High Court.
Mr. Mallya also accused the media trying to present a picture of a rift between the UB group and Diageo following the setting up of an investigating team. He said the probe had been ordered by the company to seek clarifications on the issues raised by the auditors of USL.

UB Group Beer Unit  ITC Milk Processing Plant in Bihar Get Cabinet NodYou are here: Home Corporates
UB Group Beer Unit, ITC Milk Processing Plant in Bihar Get Cabinet Nod
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 01, 2014 00:50 (IST)
Royal Enfield on Expansion Mode, to Set Up Third Plant
Patna: The Bihar cabinet on Tuesday approved investments worth Rs 320 crore in a beer manufacturing unit by the UB Group and a milk processing plant by ITC.
"The beer manufacturing unit will come up at Kopakala near Naubatpur in Patna district. The UB Group will invest Rs 200 crore in it and it will have a capacity of 10 lakh hectolitres per year," Principal Secretary of Cabinet Department Brajesh Mehrotra said after the cabinet meeting.
The Rs 120-crore milk processing unit by ITC would be set up at Sitakund Industrial Area in Munger district, Mr Mehrotra said, adding that it would process 1.5 lakh litres of milk daily to produce skimmed milk powder and butter.
The state cabinet also approved Rs 333.49 crore to be given under Rajiv Gandhi Rural Electrification Scheme to North and South Bihar Power Distribution Companies for changing faulty and burnt electric transformers. The move will help ensure power supply in villages that have been suffering due to this.
In another decision, the cabinet approved manufacturing of 55,228 water hand pumps. These will cost the state around Rs 223 crore and will be installed across Bihar on the recommendation of MLAs and MLCs, he said.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 23:45 (IST)

How Prison Bankers Prey On Inmates  FamiliesFor-Profit Prison Bankers Prey On Inmates' Families With Exorbitant Fees
Posted:
reddit
By Daniel Wagner, The Center for Public Integrity
Editor's note: This is the first in a two-part series examining how financial companies charge high fees to the families of prison inmates. The second part, which will run Thursday, focuses on no-bid deals between Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase & Co. and the U.S. Treasury, under which they provide financial services to the federal Bureau of Prisons.
JOHNSON CITY, Tenn. — Pat Taylor doesn’t believe in going into debt. She keeps her bills in a freezer bag under her bed, next to old photo albums, and believes in paying them on time religiously. For Taylor, living within your means is part of being a good Christian.
Lately, Taylor, 64, has felt torn between that commitment and her desire to be a loving, supportive mother for her son Eddie.
Pat Taylor holding a picture of her son, Eddie, who is serving 20-year prison sentence at Bland Correctional Center in Virginia.
Eddie, 38, is serving 20-year prison sentence at Bland Correctional Center for armed robbery. He’s doing his time at a medium-security Virginia state prison located 137 miles northwest of Johnson City, across the dips and valleys of the Blue Ridge Mountains here in the heart of Appalachia. The cost of supporting and visiting Eddie keeps going up, so Pat makes trade-offs.
Business investigations in your inbox: Sign up for the Center for Public Integrity's Watchdog email.
“I would send him money even if it broke me, because I do go without paying some bills sometimes to go see him,” Pat says.
Between gas to make the trip and overpriced sandwiches from the prison vending machine, visiting Bland costs about $50, a strain on her housekeeper’s wages. So she alternates, visiting Eddie one week and sending him money the next.
JPay CEO Ryan Shapiro in his office north of Miami, Florida.
To get cash to her son, Pat used to purchase a money order at the post office for $1.25 and mail it to the prison, for a total cost of less than $2. But in March of last year, the Virginia Department of Corrections informed her that  JPay Inc. , a private company in Florida, would begin handling all deposits into inmates’ accounts.
Sending a money order through JPay takes too long, so Taylor started using her debit card to get him funds instead. To send Eddie $50, Taylor must pay $6.95 to JPay. Depending on how much she can afford to send, the fee can be as high as 35 percent. In other states, JPay’s fees approach 45 percent.
After the fee, the state takes out another 15 percent of her money for court fees and a mandatory savings account, which Eddie will receive upon his release in 2021, minus the interest, which goes to the Department of Corrections.
Eddie needs money to pay for basic needs like toothpaste, visits to the doctor and winter clothes. In some states families of inmates pay for toilet paper, electricity, even room and board, as governments increasingly shift the costs of imprisonment from taxpayers to the families of inmates.
“To give him $50, I have to send $70 off my card,” says Taylor, who moved to a smaller apartment on the outskirts of Johnson City in part because of the rising cost of supporting Eddie.
“They’re punishing the families, not the inmates.”
Price of prison
JPay and other prison bankers collect tens of millions of dollars every year from inmates’ families in fees for basic financial services. To make payments, some forego medical care, skip utility bills and limit contact with their imprisoned relatives,  the Center for Public Integrity  found in a six-month investigation.
Inmates earn as little as 12 cents per hour in many places, wages that have not increased for decades. The prices they pay for goods to meet their basic needs continue to increase.
By erecting a virtual tollbooth at the prison gate, JPay has become a critical financial conduit for an opaque constellation of vendors that profit from millions of poor families with incarcerated loved ones.
JPay streamlines the flow of cash into prisons, making it easier for corrections agencies to take a cut. Prisons do so directly, by deducting fees and charges before the money hits an inmate’s account. They also allow phone and commissary vendors to charge marked-up prices, then collect a share of the profits generated by these contractors.
Taken together, the costs imposed by JPay, phone companies, prison store operators and corrections agencies make it far more difficult for poor families to escape poverty so long as they have a loved one in the system.
Shifting costs to families
“It’s not just the money transfer that’s the problem, it’s the system it enables to shift costs onto families,” says  Lee Petro , an attorney who helped litigate for a national cap on some prison phone rates. Without companies like JPay, he says, “it would be much harder to take money from families and make families of inmates pay their own keep.”
In 12 years, JPay says it has grown to provide money transfers to more than 1.7 million offenders in 32 states, or nearly 70 percent of the inmates in U.S. prisons.
For the families of nearly 40 percent of those prisoners, JPay is the only way to send money to a loved one. Others can choose between JPay and a handful of smaller companies , most of them created by phone and commissary vendors to compete with the industry leader. Western Union also serves some prisons.
JPay handled nearly 7 million transactions in 2013, generating well over $50 million in revenue. It expects to transfer more than $1 billion this year. (The company declined to provide any financial details; those included in this article are culled from public records and interviews with current and former employees.)
A JPay information card distributed at Bland Correctional Center in Virginia and other prisons.
“We invented this business,” said Ryan Shapiro, 37, the company’s founder and CEO, in a phone interview in June. “Everyone else tries to imitate what we did, and they don't do it as well.”
Shapiro says working with corrections includes extra costs for security and software integration. He says he charges only as much as he must to maintain a razor-thin profit margin.
But others provide similar services for less.
NIC Inc. , a competitor that helps states set up their websites, charges a flat fee of $2.40 in Maine to send money to inmates. Until recently, Arkansas charged 5 percent to send money through the state’s own Web portal. Floridians pay a fee of 3.5 percent to handle traffic tickets online.
Despite its kudzu-like growth, JPay so far has avoided scrutiny by consumer regulators.
In response to questions for this story, however, the New York Department of Financial Services’ consumer division is reviewing the company’s practices, according to a person familiar with the matter. The person spoke on condition of anonymity because he is not allowed to discuss active investigations.
JPay’s rapid rise stems in part from the generous deal it offers many prison systems. They pay nothing to have JPay take over handling financial transfers. And for every payment it accepts in these states — prisoners typically receive about one per month — the company sends between 50 cents and $2.50 back to the prison operator. These profit-sharing arrangements, which vendors offer as deal-sweeteners in contract negotiations, are known in the industry as “commissions.”
JPay’s payments to Illinois last year came to about $4,000 a month, according to documents obtained under the state’s open records law.
Jails often deduct intake fees, medical co-pays or the cost of basic toiletries first, leaving the account with a negative balance. This prevents inmates from buying “optional” supplies like stationery or sturdier shoes until they have paid down the debt.
Such charges levied by jails for common items are not new. The pracitce began prior to the rise of JPay, mainly with phone companies and operators of prison stores. But by automating the process, prison bankers make it a lot easier.
$100 underwear
Negative account balances discourage cash-strapped people from helping relatives, says Linda Dolan, 58, a manager for a defense contractor in California. Last year, when her son was sentenced to 20 days in jail in St. Lucie County , Florida, for reckless driving, Linda wanted to buy him a second pair of underwear and socks. But the county’s intake fee and daily “rent” already had put the account about $70 in the red. Linda and her husband both were out of work and couldn’t afford to pay $100 for a pair of underwear.
“If relatives are putting money on somebody’s books while they’re an inmate, it’s to help them buy necessities,” Linda says. “I didn’t think it was right that the county was stealing the money.”
Capt. William Lawhorn of the St. Lucie County sheriff’s office said that inmates are charged a $25 initial booking fee, $3 a day for “subsistence” and medical co-pays, all of which can result in a negative balance. He said nobody is denied any type of needed service or care, and when inmates do have money, it’s used for candy and other junk food. Inmates in the county receive payments through Touchpay , a JPay competitor that often partners with foodservice giant Aramark.
Funding prisons out of the pockets of families and inmates has non-financial costs too, says Brian Nelson, who spent 28 years in an Illinois state prison for murder. Nelson says he has “become an asset to society” since he was released four years ago because he stayed in touch with family and priests even when he was in solitary confinement. When inmates can’t afford to maintain contact with the outside world, he says, they are less equipped to transition smoothly to civilian life.
The effect on poor families is especially harsh, Nelson says: “It’s a wife that has three children at home, and her husband is in jail, so now she has a choice: Do I send money to him so he can afford to stay in touch with the kids, or do I feed the kids?”
Inmates’ need for money is inescapable, Nelson says. Those in northern Illinois are not issued cold-weather clothes, he says, leaving them vulnerable to frostbite unless they can get money to pay for prison-approved long underwear and boots.
Business investigations in your inbox: Sign up for the Center for Public Integrity's Watchdog email.
Razor thin margins
JPay founder Shapiro is eager to tell his company’s story and how he believes it helps families. It’s not just about faster payments. Once an inmate gains access to the money, JPay offers several ways to spend it, including  pay-per-page e-messaging , music downloads and  MP3 players . When inmates in some states are released, they receive their remaining money on JPay-branded  payment cards  that carry higher fees than those on most consumer payment cards. (See sidebar.)
Shapiro says that if his fees were any lower, his company would lose money. He declined to make the company’s financial details available and would not say how much he is paid.
Shapiro serves on the board of a foundation that advocates for inmates and carries full-page ads for JPay in its newsletters. The foundation received an $85,400 gift directly from JPay’s corporate treasury in 2009.
He lives on a tiny harbor island near the northern tip of Miami Beach in a home he bought for about a million dollars. Last year, through a company he controls called El Caballero LLC., Shapiro bought a  custom powerboat , dubbed Sea Block, that retails for a half-million dollars.
Heading to the company’s headquarters one July morning, he stopped first for CrossFit, a military-style training regime that he enjoys because it brings out his competitive side, then for daily prayer.
Families who use JPay love the company, he says. He boasts of its well-trafficked  Web forum  and of the 174,000 “likes” on  its Facebook page , where its marketers post cheery articles about incarceration. “The Jail Cats program at Gwinnett County Detention Center in Georgia is rescuing kittens and helping to rehabilitate incarcerated women,”  one recent post  read.
“We go out of our way to make sure that they feel comfortable — that, you know, you’re spending money with a company that cares about you,” Shapiro says.
If people don’t want to pay his fees, Shapiro says, they can always mail a money order, except in the “couple of states” that now charge fees for them.
Nearly 400,000 people are imprisoned in states where there is no free deposit option, a fact Shapiro was unaware of during a series of interviews this summer.
“When it’s up to us, it’s absolutely free,” he says.
Slow-moving money orders
For the first 14 years of Eddie’s sentence, Pat Taylor mailed money orders directly to the prison at no charge beyond the cost of the money order and a stamp. Then last year, she was instructed to make the money order out to JPay and send it to a Florida post office box. The company would credit it to Eddie’s account.
Under the new system, she says, it would take weeks for Eddie to see funds sent via money order. So Pat, like nearly everyone else she knows, gave in and began paying $6.95 to send the money from her debit card.
Across the country, delays and other obstacles make the “free option” inaccessible to many families, the Center found. More than a dozen families in five different states said that money orders have been credited much more slowly since JPay took over.
Shapiro says he is “absolutely shocked” by the complaints that money orders are delayed because he had never heard of such problems before. Most money orders are processed within two to three days, he said, unless the person sending money fails to fill out the form properly. He said Virginia is especially efficient and processes money orders within 24 to 48 hours.
Business investigations in your inbox: Sign up for the Center for Public Integrity's Watchdog email.
“We are not slowing it down, there is no conspiracy,” he said.
He said JPay does “want people to convert from a money order customer to a digital customer, absolutely,” but only because electronic payments are more efficient. “We’re not trying to make an extra dollar everywhere we can,” Shapiro said.
Before JPay, Virginia prisons credited money orders to inmates’ accounts in roughly three days, families say. Today, money orders can take more than a month to reach an inmate’s account, Marvin Rodriguez-Barrera, an inmate at Virginia’s high-security Red Onion State Prison, wrote in a letter to prisoners’ rights advocates in February.
Faster to Guatemala
“I am from Central America, and it is cheaper for my family, and easier, to send money to Guatemala than for my family to send me money from this very state!” Rodriguez-Barrera wrote. “The old way of using money orders was cheaper, easier and in many instances faster.”
Those seeking to avoid the fees by sending a money order must print and fill out a JPay-provided  form  whose instructions are dwarfed by large print barking at them to “Put down your pen! Put away your car keys!” because “There’s a faster way to send money, go to JPay.com and sign up now!”
The aggressive marketing has worked. One former marketing director for the company lists as a key accomplishment on his LinkedIn profile that he “Converted 78 percent” of money order users to online users, boosting the company’s annual revenue by $985,000.
Shapiro said the information in the profile, including the former employee’s title, was inaccurate. He said he didn’t have data on how many money order users convert to electronic payments or how much revenue the company gains when they make the switch.
Business investigations in your inbox: Sign up for the Center for Public Integrity's Watchdog email.
Inside JPay’s secure, fishbowl-like money order processing room, reams of envelopes sit in postal bins on the shelves. Signs around the room remind the handful of workers employed there which states allow them to deduct a fee and which offer the service for free.
In Pennsylvania, the first state where JPay accepted money orders by mail, executives were surprised to see the number of money orders plunge by two-thirds in the first two months, Chief Financial Officer Mark Silverman explained in a brief interview.
Shapiro said that Missouri used to process 30,000 money orders a month before JPay came in.
“With JPay, we drove that down to only 1,000 people sending money,” he says. “And that’s by choice.”
JPay’s marketing materials urge customers to choose the higher-cost option. During her twice-monthly visits to Bland, an isolated work camp nestled between rolling, green hills, Pat Taylor now sees JPay-branded fliers warning of the misery awaiting anyone who tries to use the “free option.”
On one side, a multi-ethnic lineup of models bury their faces in their hands and complain of what a “nightmare” it was to complete the money order, how it got lost or delayed.
“There’s a better way,” the flier promises on the reverse side, which depicts an attractive young woman seated with her laptop computer. For “Faster, Easier, Next-Day Delivery,” families can choose from a menu of high-fee options.
Tequila, cigars and lobbying
To impress state corrections officials and gain their business, JPay spends heavily on industry conventions attended by agency heads with contracting authority. During a 2012 convention of the American Correctional Association, the company threw what it called an “END OF THE WORLD PARTY” at a Denver wine bar that bills itself as “about you, and your inalienable right to the unbridled enjoyment of food and wine.”
The invitation, printed on a disposable beer coaster, promised “a bash, JPay-style: *fuerte* tequila, hand-rolled cigars, a live mariachi band.” Conventioneers could catch a JPay shuttle leaving from the hotel “ALL NIGHT LONG,” it said.
Business investigations in your inbox: Sign up for the Center for Public Integrity's Watchdog email.
For years, JPay has sponsored an  award for former state corrections directors  presented by the Association of State Correctional Administrators, paying for the recipient’s trip and a Wexford crystal bowl inscribed with the honoree’s name.
JPay’s outreach extends to state legislatures as well, even though many of the company’s contracts forbid it from using fee revenue to lobby.  The company has  hired registered lobbyists  in at least seven states. Shapiro says JPay’s lawyers approved the use of company funds for that purpose.
In Ohio, it tapped Thomas Needles, a former aide to President George H. W. Bush. Needles gives generously to Republican candidates and also lobbies for for-profit universities. In Maryland, JPay hired Bruce Bereano, one of the state's best-paid lobbyists, who was disbarred after a 1994 conviction for overbilling his clients and using the money for campaign donations.
The company also sought to lobby Washington for access to the federal Bureau of Prisons’ 216,000 inmates — what Shapiro has called “the mother ship of all contracts,” which is now held by Bank of America.
It spent $20,000 in 2012 to hire Park Strategies, run by former U.S. Sen. Alfonse D’Amato of New York, in an effort to obtain the contract. That effort was not successful.
More inmates, smaller budgets
JPay was founded in 2002, just as the U.S. prison population neared the apex of a three-decade climb that more than quadrupled the number of inmates in state prisons. Shortly thereafter, as the economy went into recession, state budgets were squeezed and officials looked more aggressively for ways to cut spending on prisons.
Already, private vendors had stepped in with a solution: They would charge prisoners sky-high prices for phone services, snack foods, hygiene products and clothing, then return a large cut back to the prisons — often 40 percent or more.
Shapiro was the first entrepreneur to see how financial services might provide another stream of revenue. For a fee, he offered to deliver cash in ways that saved time and effort for corrections agencies, and often to give them a portion of the proceeds, just as the phone and commissary companies were doing.
“When we started, the states were very much saying to us, ‘There’s no need for procurement here because there’s no one else doing what you do,’ ” Shapiro said in a 2012 interview. Ten years later, he said, all of them were asking companies to submit bids for the work.
That doesn’t mean the door is open to competitors. Most states, including Virginia, now contract with JPay or its main competitor under a  master agreement  negotiated by Nevada in 2011 on behalf of a multi-state consortium. Participating states can simply sign on to the deal with one or both of the companies without the hassle of separately determining the best company for the job.
JPay is protected from other market forces, as well. When states offer its music players and tablet computers for sale to inmates, they often confiscate radios that people already own, according to inmates in Ohio. This leaves inmates dependent on JPay’s music downloads, which can cost 30 to 50 percent more than the same songs on iTunes, inmates say.
The profit-sharing arrangements are at the core of JPay’s origin story, Shapiro said in 2012. A couple of years out of college, he spent months driving around upstate New York, pitching JPay to “every sheriff, whether they had five inmates or 100 inmates” — without success.
Then someone in Passaic County, New Jersey, suggested that they offer the county 10 percent of their revenue, “so the jail would be less of a tax burden on the community.” The warden signed up on the spot.
Critics including Alex Friedmann, associate director of the  Human Rights Defense Center , an inmates’ advocacy group, says the profit-sharing amounts to a legal kickback. “They charge exhorbitant fees then kick back a percentage of their revenue. … The company doesn’t need that for profit,” Friedmann said.
Shapiro says he prefers the term “commission” because “the word kickback has a negative connotation, and it seems like some person is making that money and pocketing it and buying a Chevrolet or something, when in fact it’s going to use for the benefit of inmates — basketball hoops, volleyball, whatever.”
Most states put their share of the cash in an “Inmate Welfare Fund” that is supposed to be used for inmate benefits beyond what is guaranteed to them by law. As incarceration rates climbed, however, the definition of “inmate benefit” drifted, says Justin Jones, who was director of the Oklahoma Department of Corrections until last year.
“The Legislature allowed us to broaden the definition of inmate welfare and it got to the point, almost anything they would fund through appropriations could now be paid for as inmate welfare,” he says. “It ended up where we started using that money if an inmate went out to medical on an emergency and medical was end-of-year short,” he says. “We bought air conditioners, ice machines, X-ray machines.”
Jones was not a fan of the system. If legislatures want to impose longer prison sentences or “if they create new crimes, then the legislature should appropriate dollars for that,” he says. “I should not have to go in and redefine and stretch the definition of inmate welfare accounts.”
Double dipping
Taken together, JPay and other prison vendors create a system in which families are paying to send the money, and inmates are paying again to spend it, says Keith Miller, who is serving 21 ½ years at Bland for a series of drug-related, violent crimes committed in his early 20s. The earliest he may be released is 2021, when his mother will be 87 years old.
Keith Miller in his prison cell at Bland Correctional Center.
“The fact that [my mother] has to pay the fees to send the money and then the fact that [prison agencies] make a certain cut off it seems to me that [the prisons are] double-dipping into the money they’re sending,” he said in an interview at the prison. “It really doesn’t make sense to me that this should be allowed.”
Shapiro is skeptical that JPay’s fees make much of a difference for inmates’ families. He says companies that provide other services to inmates, such as phones and commissary, are the real problem.
“Compared to the commissary or phone revenue, we’re just a drop in the bucket,” he says.
That may be changing.
Last year, the Federal Communications Commission dusted off a 12-year-old petition filed by inmates’ families who argued that prison phone rates were unfairly high, preventing them from maintaining contact with loved ones. The commission  capped rates  for many calls under its authority to ensure that pay-phone rates are just, fair and reasonable.
Business investigations in your inbox: Sign up for the Center for Public Integrity's Watchdog email.
Mignon Clyburn , who was acting chairwoman of the FCC when it passed the rate cap and now serves as one of three commissioners, says the action was necessary because people are “making unspeakable sacrifices to stay in touch with their loved ones.”
Mignon Clyburn, a commissioner and former acting chairwoman of the Federal Communications Commission.
Vincent Townsend, president of  Pay-Tel Communications , a major provider of phones for inmates, said his industry “abused the public.”
‘Ethical, right, moral’
Other prison vendors “better pay attention to what’s ethical, right, moral,” he said. “Because if you don’t then some regulator’s going to step in, and you’re going to have to deal with it.”
There is a crucial difference: The telephone industry is closely regulated by the FCC, which has explicit authority to set rates for pay-phone calls. Financial and consumer protection regulators have less power over pricing.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau can sue companies for offering unfair, deceptive or abusive financial services. The bureau declined more than a dozen requests to discuss specific issues related to prison financial services.
The Federal Trade Commission, which has consumer-protection authority and the power to ensure that markets are competitive, declined to comment “on specific companies or conduct.”
Regulators in seven states have levied fines totaling $408,500 against JPay for operating without a license. The actions were not designed to disrupt its business, according to the Conference of State Bank Supervisors, a trade group that represents these regulators in Washington.
“State banking regulators are concerned with ensuring that businesses operating in their states are properly licensed and with enforcing applicable laws (including consumer protection laws),” the group’s spokeswoman said in an emailed statement.
‘Invent a better way’
Shapiro says he understands the challenges faced by poor families of inmates since JPay’s startup days, when he would spend “hours on the phone with a grandmother, talking about her day at Wal-Mart.”
He says he feels trapped by the structure of the industry he has come to dominate. He wishes the fees were lower, that states didn’t force him to charge more and give them a share and that he could “invent a better way” than asking people’s families to help pay for their imprisonment.
Yet Shapiro says he is satisfied to compete within what he admits is a broken system, even if the system may be punishing some innocent family members.
For many families, JPay has become that system. When Jewel Miller, 80, phoned JPay’s call center last month to ask why her payments are delayed, and why she must submit the same form every time she sends a money order to Keith, the operator hung up on her.
Jewel Miller calls JPay’s customer service center from her home in Swords Creek, Virginia.
In a series of interviews it became clear that Shapiro was unaware of some of the fees related to his business. He said he did not know, for example, that Florida now charges its own fee for money order deposits after JPay processes the payments.
These fees are spelled out in JPay’s contracts with states, which Shapiro signed. Florida’s says it will charge a 50 cent “Money Order by Mail” fee.
As of July, Shapiro was unaware of JPay’s own $1.95 fee to deposit money orders in Indiana, declaring, “If someone sends $100 with a money order to an Indiana inmate, that inmate gets $100. … I am positive.”
Two days later, he called back to say, “We’re working with the states right now to get some of those fees taken off.”
So far, the fees remain in place.
Eleanor Bell  contributed to this story.
Copyright 2014 The Center for Public Integrity
More:

Madonna Karachi schoolin-karachi-673086    Cached
Madonna had announced last year that she was raising money to expand a school located in the outskirts of Karachi. The pop star also shared a photograph of girls ...

Analyst Corner: Upgrade SBI to overweight  says JP MorganE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

FII inflows at seven-month lowE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bonds neutral to RBI policy  auctions next triggerE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Asset-backed securities: Back from disgrace© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7d9d25f0-4729-11e4-ba74-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ECB pins hopes on a discredited symbol of pre-crisis financial engineering to kick-start growth© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7d9d25f0-4729-11e4-ba74-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Partner Rosnefts discovery in Kara Sea raises questions about impact of economic sanctionsExxon considers its course after sanctions hit Russian ambitions
By Ed Crooks in New York and Jack Farchy in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/586ae5c0-487c-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Argentina Slams U.S. Judge After Contempt Decisionargentina slams u.s. judge after contempt decision
Australian PM Tony Abbott not in favour of burqa in parliamentPress Trust of India | Melbourne | Posted: October 1, 2014 10:14 am
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott on Wednesday said that he wished the burqa “was not worn” in the country while indicating his view on backing a call for a ban on the Muslim veil for women inside parliament. Abbott said Parliament House had to be treated as a secure building.
“It is perfectly appropriate that in certain circumstances people be required to show their face. There can’t be one rule for one form of attire and a different rule for another form of attire,” he said. “It has to be the same rules for everyone and if the rules require you to show your face, well you show your face,” he said adding, “This is a secure building and it is important that people be able to be identified, it is important that people be able to be recognised as the people for whom a pass has been issued”.
However, Abbott stated that there was no record of the burqa ever being worn into the building. “Has anyone ever sought entry to this building so attired? As far as I am aware, no,” he said. “And making a big song and dance about a hypothetical situation I am not sure is particularly helpful. But I just want to stress that this is a secure building and it should be governed by the rules that are appropriate for a secure building and obviously people need to be identifiable in a secure building such as this,” he said.
“I have said before that I find it a fairly confronting form of attire,” he said. “Frankly, I wish it was not worn. But we are a free country, we are a free society and it is not the business of the government to tell people what they should and shouldn’t wear,” he said.
The burqa debate was pushed by a politician Jacqui Lambie who had called for a widespread ban even in public places. The call was backed by coalition backbenchers Cory Bernardi and George Christensen. Opposition Leader Bill Shorten, who does not support a burqa ban in Parliament House, called on Abbott today to quieten the voices within his party “out there pushing socially divisive arguments”.

Size matters and Pimcos TRF was too bigSize matters and Pimco’s Total Return Fund was too big
By John Authers
Disorderly outflows from the fund could create perverse market moves
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ebe53c44-492e-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Junk investors wary of October jinxJunk bond investors wary of US October ‘jinx’
By Vivianne Rodrigues in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b17fcb3c-47e9-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mahindra & Mahindra September sales up 4%New Delhi, October 1, 2014
Updated: October 1, 2014 17:11 IST
Mahindra & Mahindra September sales up 4%
PTI
PTI M&M’s domestic sales grew by 4.5 per cent to 42,408 units last month. File Photo
TOPICS
Auto major Mahindra & Mahindra (M&M) on Wednesday reported 3.7 per cent increase in total sales at 44,911 units in September.
It had sold 43,289 units in the same month last year, the company said in a statement.
M&M’s domestic sales grew by 4.5 per cent to 42,408 units last month as against 40,574 units a year earlier.
Sales of passenger vehicles including Scorpio, XUV 500, Xylo, Bolero and Verito stood at 19,893 units compared with 18,916 units in September 2013, up 5.16 per cent.
Four-wheel commercial vehicle sales by 8.63 per cent to 15,979 units in September 2014 as against 14,709 units in the year-ago month, M&M said.
Exports were down by 7.8 per cent to 2,503 units from 2,715 units in the same period a year earlier.
M&M Chief Executive Automotive Division and International Operations (AFS) Pravin Shah said, “The sales numbers for September have been encouraging and we are glad that the automotive industry is turning the bend.”
He further said, “We expect the ensuing festive season to bring in some much needed cheer with a slew of new launches from manufacturers... We do hope that the recently launched New Generation Scorpio will continue to be a trendsetter.”

Ford India sales decline 3.34% in SeptemberNew Delhi, October 1, 2014
Updated: October 1, 2014 17:37 IST
Ford India sales decline 3.34% in September
PTI
automobile
Ford India on Wednesday reported a marginal decline of 3.34 per cent in total sales at 13,742 units in September.
It had sold 14,217 units in the same month of last year, Ford India said in a statement.
Its domestic sales also declined 36.22 per cent to 6,786 units in September as against 10,640 units in the same month previous year, it added.
However, Ford’s export during the month almost doubled to 6,956 units last month as against 3,577 units in the year-ago period.
Ford India Marketing, Sales and Service executive director Anurag Mehrotra said, “Last year we ushered in the festive season with overwhelming customer response to our capable, urban SUV Ford EcoSport. Since then, the EcoSport has remained the most compelling choice for discerning buyers.
He added, “Now, with improved supplies, we have opened bookings again and significantly shortened our delivery commitments to customers ensuring that they can bring home an EcoSport this festive season.”
Ford has also introduced Figo in a refreshing new look, with enhanced exteriors and bright new interiors in September.
“Figo continues to be an integral part of our product portfolio in India. With the recent upgrade, we have enhanced Figo’s appeal to younger consumers while ensuring customers get the most value for their money,” Mr. Mehrotra said.

EU companies turn to levered loan financeEU companies turn to levered loan finance
By Andrew Bolger
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/48b73414-48c5-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US Construction Spending Down 0.8 PercentAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Economy bracing for a prolonged pause: 5 factsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Singapore firm aims to launch phone number shield app in IndiaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

As Congress hits out as NCPs hidden agenda  BJP denies tacit ties with italliances and coalition
"Pulling the government down was very suspicious," says the former Maharashtra CM
The feud between the Congress and its former alliance partner, the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), has escalated with the former Chief Minister, Prithviraj Chavan, alleging that the NCP pulled out of the government to allow the BJP to govern the State through President’s Rule. “Pulling the government down was very suspicious.
By doing this, the NCP handed over the State to the BJP on a platter. In Jammu and Kashmir, when alliance partners decided to contest separately, they did not pull down the government,” Mr. Chavan said in an interview to The Hindu. Mr. Chavan asked, “What is the political compulsion to give such a clear advantage to the BJP?”

Protests continue as court adjourns Jaya s bailProtests continue as court adjourns Jaya s bail
Train collision near Gorakhpur: Loco pilot suspended  Rail Minister announces compensationTrain collision near Gorakhpur: Loco pilot suspended  Rail Minister announces compensation
Had Rajnath been BJP chief  alliance would have remained:UddhavPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 9:48 pm
In a veiled attacked on BJP chief Amit Shah, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray has said that he had told Rajnath Singh to continue as BJP President till the Maharashtra assembly elections and had he been at the helm of affairs the alliance would not have broken.
Thackeray also said that he had also contacted Singh, Sushma Swaraj and party patriach L K Advani during the talks with BJP on the seat-sharing and apprised them about the situation.
“I had told Rajnath Singh to continue as BJP President till Maharashtra elections. Had he been there, he would have kept us together.
“A day before BJP parliamentary board decided to nominate Modi as PM candidate, he had called me to tell me that his name will be announced and sought our support. I supported it. He is someone who can keep things together,” Thackeray said.
“I had even called Advaniji to tell him what is happening and even he said that it won’t be good if the alliance breaks. I told him that please forgive me if the alliance breaks,” he added.
Thackeray said the way Shah spoke about a rally in Kolhpaur about having the next BJP government in Maharashtra, it was evident that BJP did not want Shiv Sena as ally.
“The way Amit Shah made the speech in Kolhapur, the way they were talking it was becoming clear that now they don’t want us,” Thackeray said.
The Sena leader said even earlier there were instances when there was a strain in the alliance but the “mature” leaders like late Pramod Mahajan and Gopinath Munde knew how much to strech.
“My intention was never to break the alliance. When Mahajan and Munde and we were handling alliance issues, things were good. When Delhi-appointed people came in and started doing negotiations, things went wrong.
“Amit Shah told me Om Mathur (BJP leader) has been appointed to conduct negotiations. Mathur said we have been told by the parliamentary board to get equal or nothing. I told them that BJP’s parliamentary board can decide your seats not mine,” he said.
Speaking on the issue of resignation of lone Sena minister in Narendra Modi’s cabinet Anant Geete, he said he will speak to the Prime Minister about this.
“I never made issues about only one cabinet in the government. Why should we resign? When Modi returns, I will speak to him,” Thackeray said.
I had told Rajnath Singh to continue as BJP President. Had he been there, he would have kept us together, said Uddhav.

I Didnt Want to Build the Next Twitter for CatsNot the rec room of a search fund.
Photo by Mladen Antonov/AFP/Getty Images
Silicon Valley preaches the gospel of the startup—the hard-won prestige and dazzle of turning an idea into a business and building it from scratch with a few friends (and a few million in angel investments). The story you are reading now, however, is not about Silicon Valley or startups. It’s about a different, less well-trodden road toward executive-hood called a search fund. It is decidedly not cool. But for a small number of would-be entrepreneurs who lack either the confidence or the foolhardiness to believe they can create the Next Big Thing in tech, a search fund makes a whole lot more sense.
Alison Griswold
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.
The idea behind a search fund, in its simplest form, is this: If you want to run your own company but don’t want to start it, then why not buy one? Search funds are financial vehicles typically set up by one or two people to raise money from investors toward searching for—and eventually acquiring—a small business. In one sense, they might be loosely described as micro–private equity firms, except that unlike Bain Capital, the average search funder isn’t looking to make a quick profit off buying, gutting, and reselling a struggling business. He’s interested instead in taking a shortcut to the top of the management ladder and staying there for the long haul.
Search funds were developed in the mid-1980s and are generally credited to H. Irving Grousbeck, a professor of management at Stanford Graduate School of Business and co-owner of the Boston Celtics. Grousbeck denies that the idea was his but agrees that he helped nurture it along, starting about 30 years ago when two students at Harvard Business School asked for his advice on using several thousand dollars in funding to buy a business. “They thought it would last six months,” Grousbeck recalls. “I said, ‘You’re going to barely get started and six months will be gone.’ ”
Advertisement
Over the coming months and year, Grousbeck helped them through the first two stages of the classic search fund process: 1) Raise initial capital. 2) Search for an acquisition. (The remaining stages have traditionally been: 3) Manage and grow the business. 4) When the time is right, exit.) Search funds started slowly in the 1980s and then picked up steam in the ’90s and 2000s. Today, the median search fund spends 19 months looking for and acquiring a company, and raises $426,000 of initial search capital. Acquisition targets are typically businesses that have an older founder looking to retire, a middle-aged founder looking to turn over the reins, or a warring pair of co-founders that elects to bring in new management. Investor returns on search funds hover just above 30 percent and are much more reliable than those in the startup world—the successes are rarely as lucrative, but the failures are far less common.
But on the whole, search funds remain a micro-movement, with just 177 formed since 1983, of which more than 20 were raised in 2013. Within the small community of searchers and investors, there’s significant doubt that the model will ever go mainstream the way startups and Silicon Valley have.
The people who pursue search funds tend to have a very different skill set than startup founders.
“There are two major dings on search funds,” Grousbeck says. “The first is, ‘Well, it’s not my company.’ ” The second? “It’s not technology—most of these are services companies. It’s much more pedestrian.” The model’s biggest success story , Asurion, is a perfect example of that. Acquired in 1995 for $8 million as Road Rescue Inc. by searchers Jim Ellis and Kevin Taweel, the company has since been developed into a multi-billion-dollar corporation and the world’s largest provider of cellphone insurance. For all that Asurion can be touted as a management and search-fund coup, it’s not exactly sexy.
“There’s more romance around startups,” says Jim Edmunds, principal at investment firm Search Fund Partners. “Everyone at that age sort of thinks that they’re going to be the one that wins. With search funds, it’s a really hard slog.”
On the bright side, in exchange for that slog, searchers get one of their main advantages over startup founders: diminished risk. “Starting up a company is a double whammy in the sense that you’re coupling an inexperienced manager or managers with a business that doesn’t exist,” Grousbeck says. “So you have the inherent risk of the venture itself and layered on top of that is the risk that the people running it have never managed anything before. In the search fund model, one of those risks is eliminated.”
As might be expected, the people who pursue search funds tend to have a very different skill set than startup founders. Alex Gelman, the 29-year-old managing partner at Poplar Partners and a searcher for a little more than a year, says he knows he’s better at scaling a business than starting something from scratch. He’s also quite conscious of search funds’ unglamorous reputation. “After graduating from Stanford, you could be running a sexy tech company in San Francisco,” he says. “Search funds don’t buy sexy tech companies in San Francisco. I can’t tell you how many people have said to me, ‘I’d love to partner with you, Alex, but I’m not ready to go tell my significant other that we’re moving to Atlanta to go run a security business.’ ” *
The willingness of search funders to embrace the dull, the unremarkable—the businesses unlikely ever to find the spotlight—is what truly sets them apart from those flocking to tech startups; the distinction is emblematic of a rift between Silicon Valley and the larger entrepreneurial community. Though applications to business school remain strong, the Valley, with its ping-pong-playing coworkers and hoodie-adorned CEOs, has lately turned up its nose at MBAs and “traditional” management education. Students who come out of standard business programs, the thinking goes, are not trained to be adaptive leaders of the so-called “digital” economy. At the same time, the output of that economy has started to become a parody of itself, with legions of twentysomethings devoted to solving “ increasingly minor First World problems ,” as New York magazine’s Jessica Pressler put it in a May piece on the startup Washio’s goals to “disrupt”… laundry.
Search funds are small and might remain small. They will never be as alluring as startups. But in a way, search funds are also tech’s natural complement. “I wasn’t excited about going and building the next Twitter for cats,” Gelman says. “A search fund might not have the glamour of Silicon Valley, but at the end of the day, if I’m successful, after we close, I get to stand up in front of a group of 40 people and say, ‘Hi, I’m the new CEO.’ At an incredibly young age. Of a real company.”
Correction, Oct. 1, 2014: This article originially misquoted Alex Gelman as discussing a hypothetical “securities business” in Atlanta. He was discussing a security business. ( Return .)

Anti-terror  trade top India-UStalksPrint
Written by Ritu Sarin | Washington | Posted: October 1, 2014 10:11 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 10:19 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama have agreed to pursue a string of fresh initiatives and collaborate in critical areas of counter-terrorism, maritime security and defence, besides working for a substantial step-up in trade and investment.
Specific to India’s interest is a commitment by the US to exchange terrorist watch-lists, and target the use of fake currency and the Internet by terrorists. The two countries have also reiterated the need for Pakistan to bring the perpetrators of the Mumbai terror attacks to book.
The fine print in the seven-page joint statement issued on Tuesday shows that President Obama has pledged assistance on homeland security with modern technology to counter the threat of improvised explosive devices (IEDs). US-made mine-resistant, ambush-protected vehicles, are likely to help repel Maoist attacks.
In their joint media briefing at the Oval Office, the two leaders said their discussion covered a range of issues from resolving the impasse in WTO talks and job-led economic growth, to climate change and cooperation in defence and space.
Reaffirming their commitment to implement the civil nuclear agreement, they set up a Contact Group to expedite the setting up of US-built nuclear power plants in India.
“We already have the foundation of a strong partnership,” Modi, seated next to Obama, said. “We now have to revive the momentum and ensure that we get the best out of it for our people and for the world.”
The New York Times, however, reported that the Modi-Obama talks had yielded no solutions to thorny disputes over taxes, trade and civilian nuclear energy cooperation that have troubled the US and India in recent years. “And there was little sign that human rights — a particularly sensitive topic for Mr Modi, who has been accused of being complicit in deadly anti-Muslim riots — was a major item on the agenda,” the newspaper said.
It quoted Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, as having said at a media briefing, “Human rights and the importance of inclusive governance were part of the discussions between the President and the Prime Minister today.” The joint statement issued after the talks, however, made no mention of the issue, The New York Times added.
“The White House has grappled with the perceptions of a visit meant to spotlight the President’s high hopes for working with Mr Modi while not lavishing the full measure of White House pageantry on a leader who until recently was barred from entering the United States because of the allegations of human rights abuses more than a decade ago,” the newspaper said.
Concerns over China’s aggressive stance in the South China Sea were reflected in the joint statement, which said the two leaders had agreed to intensify cooperation in maritime security to ensure the freedom of navigation and unimpeded movement of lawful shipping and commercial activity.
Indian officials said the visit had been used to “intensify cooperation” in maritime security as continued…

They kept calling us Nigerians took turns to hitusPrint
Written by Prawesh Lama , Ananya Bhardwaj | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 10:08 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 10:22 am
Taking serious note of the attack on three students of African origin at the Rajiv Chowk metro station in New Delhi last Sunday, the ambassadors of Gabon and Burkina Faso have written to the Ministry of External Affairs “expressing deep concern” and urging the government to “work in close cooperation with police for a fair investigation”.
Desire Koumba, Gabon’s ambassador to India, confirmed that he and his Burkina Faso counterpart Idriss Raoua Ouedraogo had written to the MEA expressing concern over the incident.
Last Sunday, the three youths — Mapaga (22) and Yohan (22) from Gabon and Guira (20) from Burkina Faso — were nearly lynched by a mob at the Rajiv Chowk metro station in the presence of a policeman. Cornered and assaulted inside a police booth, they escaped with serious injuries on the head and arms. Mapaga was also bitten on the leg while they were being attacked with rods, glass shards, even tables.
Not one of their assailants has been arrested so far though video clips of the attack have gone viral on YouTube. Only a case of rioting, causing hurt and damage to public property has been registered by police.
On Wednesday, the three youths told The Indian Express that there was no truth to reports that they invited the attack by making lewd remarks at a woman on board a metro train.
They said it all began when they noticed three men trying to take their photographs with a mobile phone on board a metro as it was pulling into Rajiv Chowk. Mapaga said he objected.
“I could see the reflection of the mobile phone on the window pane behind them. They were giggling. They claimed they hadn’t taken our photograph. I told them that we do not like being photographed in such manner,” said Mapaga, a BBA student at Sharda University.
“When we were about to alight at Rajiv Chowk, one of them made a crude gesture. He was also making faces. My brother Yohan got angry and asked him why he was troubling us. The three men cornered and pushed him outside, where a police officer was standing,” he said.
There was a scuffle on the platform and the police took all six to a police booth. The three youths said they could not follow the conversation between the three men and the police since they were speaking in Hindi.
“They kept calling us ‘Nigerians, Nigerians’ before the police. I told them we were not Nigerians. By then, a mob had gathered outside the police booth where there was a lone officer. They were tapping the glass panel of the booth, daring us to step out. The officer left the booth and said something in Hindi to the mob. I saw men break into the booth,” said Guira, a programming student at NIIT. He sustained serious injuries on the head and wrists which had to be stitched.
Yohan, a BCA student at Amity, recalled the “nightmare” that followed. He said he bolted the police booth from inside to shut out the mob but continued…

Allergan pressed for vote on Salix bidAllergan pressed to have shareholder vote on Salix bid
By David Crow in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7d445dca-4973-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pakistan violates ceasefire along LoC in PoonchdistrictPrint
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: October 1, 2014 10:17 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 1:59 am
After nearly a month long lull along the Line of Control (LoC), Pakistani troops resorted to heavy shelling on the Indian side at Saujjian in border Poonch district of Jammu Kashmir on Wednesday  night.
Significantly, the latest ceasefire violation by Pakistan has come within 24 hours after US President Barack Obama and India Prime Minister Narendra Modi during nearly two hour long meeting between them in Washington on Tuesday committed to “joint and concerted efforts that include dismantling safe havens for terrorists and criminal networks, disrupting financial and tactical support for Lashkar-e-Toiba, Jaish-e-Mohammed, D-company and Haqqani network”.
A Defence Ministry spokesman Lt Colonel Manish Mehta here confirmed ceasefire violation by Pakistan. In a statement, he said that Pakistani troops started firing in Saujjian at 6.40 pm. On being provoked, the Indian Army “responded appropriately’’,  he said and added that the exchange of fire between the two sides was continuing when reports last came in.
Meanwhile, sources said that Pakistani troops were using mortar shells causing panic in nearby residential areas where people were already hit hard by recent flood furry.  The border Poonch district has been the worst hit by recent natural calamity in Jammu region where flood fury not only led to death of a sizeable number of people, but also caused wide spread damage to public infrastructure and residential structures.
Earlier in August this year, both India and Pakistan had been engaged exchange of heavy firing both along the LoC and the international border in Jammu region. The unprovoked firing by Pakistan Rangers along the international border in R S Pura, Arnia and Ramgarh sectors had been intense resulting in migration by local villagers from many places.
The top BSF officials had described the Pakistani firing along the international border as “heaviest’’ since 1971 Indo-Pak war. While peace got restored along the borders following a flag meeting between the two sides at Suchetgarh on August 29, five days thereafter areas of Jammu Kashmir on both sides of the border were hit by flood fury, the worst ever in last six decades.
A Defence Ministry spokesman said the Pakistan troops started firing in Saujjian around 6.40 pm. They were using mortar shells causing panic in the nearby villages.

New evidence on the origins of the man in the moonBy Rachel Feltman October 1 Follow @rachelfeltman
The moon as observed in visible light, left, topography (where red is high and blue is low) and the GRAIL gravity gradients. (NASA/Colorado School of Mines/MIT/JPL/Goddard Space Flight Center)
The giant basin on the near side of the moon might not be the result of a run-in with a massive asteroid, contrary to what some scientists believed. Instead, this blemish on the lunar surface — nearly as wide across as the United States — could have been formed by ancient magma flows.
The Oceanus Procellarum region of the moon has fascinated humanity from the beginning: The so-called "ocean of storms" forms a cheek of the "man in the moon" (or, in Chinese culture, the hindquarters of the " moon rabbit "). Like other dark spots on the moon (called lunar maria), Oceanus Procellarum was once thought by astronomers to be an actual body of water.
But the moon turned out to contain neither water nor cheese, and a modern theory was formed: These dark spots are the result of dried lava flow. But Oceanus Procellarum, the largest of the moon's such spots, seemed to exist within a large crater. The prevailing theory was that this sizeable smudge was  sitting in an impact crater -- one of the scars left by asteroid impacts on the moon.
According to research published Wednesday in Nature, the formation of this lunar geography might not have been quite so smashing. New data suggests that rifts in the moon's crust formed a sort of magma irrigation system, flooding a lunar valley with lava around 4 billion years ago. When that lava solidified, it formed dark rock that we can see from Earth.
Previous studies were missing vital data, according to study co-author and MIT professor of geophysics and vice president for research Maria Zuber .
When Zuber and her colleagues used data from NASA's GRAIL mission — two probes that orbited the moon in 2012 — to get images of what was going on beneath the surface of the moon, they found that the "crater" supposedly sitting under Oceanus Procellarum wasn't the right shape for an asteroid impact.
The full Moon as seen from the Earth, with the Procellarum border structures superimposed in red. (Kopernik Observatory/NASA/Colorado School of Mines/MIT/JPL/Goddard Space Flight Center)
"It's remarkably rectangular in shape," Zuber said, "not circular." Previous studies had "rounded out the corners" of the valley where data were missing, according to Zuber. "When you have the full picture, it's clearly a rectangle," she said.
The angles seen in the edges of this valley are consistent with rift valleys on Earth . Zuber and her colleagues believe that as the moon was cooling in the early days of its development, a rogue plume of magma shot up in this region. Because the lava made this area so much hotter than the mostly-cooled rock around it, the surface cracked and shrank away from the cool surrounding crust.
Eventually, more lava seeped out of this rectangular frame of rifts and filled the valley, forming Oceanus Procellarum.
Zuber and her colleagues aren't sure how that disruptive magma plume rose to the surface in the first place. "Some will probably still speculate that an asteroid impact heated the surface of the moon and made that plume rise," she said, but there's no direct evidence of that.
For now, Zuber said, this study is basic but important. "It's a question of understanding the evolution of our moon, and trying to understand our place in nature," she said. "For anyone who's ever looked up at the moon and wondered why it has this pattern on its surface — now we have an answer."
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Recovery process gathers momentum at NSELRecovery process gathers momentum at NSEL
Sharleen D'Souza | Mumbai Oct 01, 2014 10:43 PM IST
A court here has directed a competent authority to sell Metkore Alloys's ferrochrome stocks worth over Rs 95 crore and deposit the proceeds in an escrow account. Metkore owes Rs 95 crore to the National Spot Exchange Limited (NSEL).  The exchange had suspended trading on July 31, 2013.
The exchange said, "The NSEL recovery team is working closely with the authority for ensuring the speedy sale of stocks by setting up the process of inviting bids."
Yathuri Associates, which owes Rs 406 crore to NSEL, has agreed to pay Rs 15 crore to the exchange by January. It has paid Rs 2 crore.
Yathuri had signed a settlement agreement with Naraingarh Sugar Mills, Vinayak Merchants and Macro Enterprises to reclaim the Rs 230 crore it had allegedly invested in these.
Saji Cherian, managing director and chief executive, NSEL, said, "We are happy our efforts have started bearing fruit. The NSEL management team, with the support from its promoter, has been pursuing the recovery of trading clients' monies from defaulting members. We hope the members and their clients will work with NSEL to recover their money through a more concerted effort."
Cherian hoped the order would set a precedent for a time-bound recovery of default amount by the sale of assets and properties of defaulters.
Recently the Bombay HC set up a committee, comprising of VC Daga (retired judge of Bombay High Court), J Solomon (practicing solicitor) and Yogesh Thar (practicing CA from Bansi Mehta & Co.) to ascertain the defaulters' dues and oversee the process of asset sale and recovery from defaulters; this committee will meticulously determine the dues payable by the defaulters / third parties.

Videocon d2h files fresh papers for Rs 700-cr IPOVideocon d2h files fresh papers for Rs 700-cr IPO
Press Trust Of India | New Delhi Oct 01, 2014 10:41 PM IST
Videocon d2h Ltd, the satellite television arm of the Videocon Group, has filed fresh papers with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) to mop Rs 700 crore through an initial public offering (IPO).
Videocon d2h had received approval in March 2013, carrying a validity of one year, according to the Sebi's Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements Regulations.
However, the company did not launch due to bad market conditions.
"IPO of equity shares of face value of Rs 10 each of Videocon d2h Ltd... aggregating up to Rs 7,000 million," the company said in its draft prospectus, made public by Sebi on Wednesday. The company is also considering whether to raise Rs 50 crore through a pre-IPO placement of shares to institutional investors.
While the company has not disclosed the total number of shares to be sold in the IPO, the pre-IPO placement could be of five million shares.
"The pre-IPO placement is at the discretion of our company... If completed, the issue size will be reduced to the extent of such pre-IPO placement, subject to the issue size constituting at least 10 per cent of the post-issue paid-up equity share capital," the company said.
The company plans to use the funds for "acquisition of set-top boxes, outdoor units and accessories thereof, repayment/prepayment of certain indebtedness and general corporate purposes."
Others in the business include Tata Sky, Dish TV, Sun Direct and Airtel Digital TV. IDBI Capital Market Services, SBI Capital Markets, YES Bank, Enam Securities and UBS Securities India would act as book-running lead managers. The shares are proposed to be listed on the BSE. In July, the satellite TV arm of the diversified Videocon Group formally announced the change of its name from Bharat Business Channel to Videocon d2h.

Sensex posts second weekly fall; flows  earnings awaitedSensex posts second weekly fall; flows, earnings awaited
Reuters | Mumbai Oct 01, 2014 10:40 PM IST
The BSE Sensex fell on Wednesday, with blue chips such as ITC retreating, as traders refrained from building positions ahead of an extended holiday period, while foreign investor sales also weighed on sentiment.
Markets will be shut from Thursday until Monday for public holidays and re-open for trading on Tuesday.
Investors thus opted for caution, given lingering global risk factors such as the continued civil unrest in Hong Kong and rising worries about earlier-than-expected US rate hikes.
July-September earnings reports would also be key for near-term direction. Infosys kicks off the earnings season with quarterly results on October 10.
The Sensex fell 0.23 per cent, or 62.52 points, to end at 26,567.99, also falling 0.22 per cent for the week. The Nifty lost 0.24 per cent, or 19.25 points, to end at 7,945.55, while marking a weekly decline of 0.29 per cent.
Blue-chips led the declines. ITC fell 1.7 per cent, while Reliance Industries ended two per cent lower. HDFC Bank fell 0.5 per cent and IndusInd Bank lost 3.2 per cent.
Non-banking financial companies fell on worries the central bank may tighten norms for bad loans. The Reserve Bank of India on Tuesday said changes in the NBFC regulatory framework would be introduced by end of this month.
Shriram Transport Finance Co fell 2.4 per cent and Mahindra and Mahindra Financial Services ended down 0.6 per cent. Maruti Suzuki India, India's largest carmaker by sales, fell three per cent after its exports fell by 28.2 per cent in September, surprising some investors.
However, two-wheeler maker Hero MotoCorp gained 1.3 per cent after its September sales rose by 30 per cent, beating some analysts' estimates.
Consumer discretionary shares were top gainers among BSE large-cap stocks. Traders said consumer good companies are seen as safer bets given the expected rise in disposable incomes.
Berger Paints India ended up 5.5 per cent, Bata India rose 5.1 per cent and pizza maker Jubilant Foodworks surged 3.9 per cent.
Also, software exporters gained on hopes weakness in currencies against U.S. dollar would aid margins from overseas.
Tata Consultancy Services gained 1.4 per cent, while Infosys ended up 2.7 per cent.

Bill to repeal 287 Acts will be tabled in Winter SessionBill to repeal 287 Acts will be tabled in Winter Session
Our Bureau
700 Appropriation Acts may be scrapped too
New Delhi, September 29:  
A day after Prime Minister Narendra Modi expressed his intention to remove one redundant law every day, the Law and Communications Minister, Ravi Shankar Prasad, announced that the Government would bring a Bill during the Winter Session of Parliament to repeal 287 amending Acts and over 700 Appropriation Bills.
“We will be able to repeal a handsome number of laws. Any legislation passed by Parliament remains a valid legal instrument unless repealed along with the consequences,” Prasad told reporters here on Monday. In the last session, the Government introduced a Bill to repeal 36 Acts, which include 32 amending Acts and four principal Acts.
Amendments
“When you repeal an amending Act, you have to make a proviso that all actions taken under the amending Act will deemed to have also been the same. Therefore, it is not redundant by its own force,” the Minister said.
Prasad also said the Law Commission, in its interim report, had identified 72 Acts for repeal. Of these, 35 are Central Acts, for which the Centre can straightaway move a Bill for repeal. There are 22 State Acts, which need to be referred to the States, as per Articles 245 and 246 of the Constitution. The Government has taken steps to repeal the remaining 16 Acts in consultation with the States, he added.
The Law Commission is likely to submit its final report by mid-October, identifying more than 50 laws to be repealed. Apart from that, a PM’s committee is also looking into the matter. In August, Modi had approved a committee under the Chairmanship of R Ramanujam, a Secretary in the Prime Minister’s Office, and had asked it to submit a report within three months.
The effort is to bring a comprehensive Bill, based on the recommendations of the committee, during the Winter Session of Parliament. The panel will examine all the Acts recommended to be repealed by a previous Committee on Review of Administrative Laws. The previous panel, set up in 1999, recommended the repeal of 1,328 Acts. However, only 415 have been repealed so far. The Committee will also examine Acts and Rules that may have become obsolete in the past 10-15 years.
On the Appropriation Acts, Prasad said that in India there was no tradition of repealing these. “Once a Bill is approved, we withdraw money, and that ends its usefulness. Take the example of the Finance Bill. Once it is approved and the tax rates revised, that is the end of its usefulness.
Legal views
We are seeking to draw from British Parliament, where they retain the Appropriation Bill for 3-4 years. I have asked the department to stay in touch with the Finance Ministry and take appropriate legal views on that,” he added.
An Appropriation Bill is presented in the Lok Sabha to seek withdrawal of money from the Consolidated Fund of India. Once approved, the Government manages to spend as prescribed in the Budget.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Homer Describing Big Oil: "Lung-Choking  Ocean-Poisoning  Species-Sickening Pitiless Scourge of Humanity"This post is a reprint of a speech to fiduciaries on fossil fuel divestment at the Boston Carbon Risk Forum, Harvard Law School, September 29, 2014
Preface
In 2010, at Cancun, nations of the world set 3.6 degrees F as the permissible increase in global temperature over the pre-industrial level. Beyond that was catastrophe.  Since Cancun, the dangers of climate change have grown and become palpable in myriad ways with which you all are familiar.  And, yet, nations have made little progress.  In fact, having put the car in reverse, they are accelerating in the wrong direction.  Thus, the IEA reports our current trend-line will take the planet by 2050 to 7 degrees F, twice the level set in Cancun.  Carbon emissions increased by 1.5% per year from 1980 to 2000.  But, then, that rate almost doubled to 2.5 % per year through 2012.  And in 2013, emissions jumped 2.3% to record levels. The IEA recently reported that the cost to de-carbonize by 2050 was $44 trillion, up from $36 trillion just two years ago, and climbing.  The cause?  An increase in coal usage that exceeds the increase in renewables.
The planet has already warmed by 1.5 degrees F since the pre-industrial era.  On our present trajectory, we will blow by the 3.6 degree F level, reaching as much as 10 degrees F above the pre-industrial era by 2100.  By then, civilization and its current residence will have become unrecognizable.
So, the planet has a big problem.  I'm here to argue that divestment from fossil fuel companies is an important strategy for fiduciaries of all types to pursue.  Here's why.
Purpose of Divestment
The argument for divestment clusters around two ideas: financial and moral.
Financial Reasons - Here the argument is reduction of risk to your portfolio.  The risks are many and growing.  Consider a few:
The very serious, yet hardly recognized, risk from "stranded assets", in particular "unburnable carbon".  Let me explain.  To hold to the 3.5 degree goal, there is a  limit on how much carbon can be emitted to 2050. It's called the Carbon Budget and its reckoned through science.
The level is 886  Gigatons of CO2 from 2000-2050.  Subtracting what's been emitted to date since 2000 (121 Gt) leaves 565 Gt left to emit.  But just reserves proven on the books of public and private companies equal 2795 Gt of potential emissions, meaning that proven reserves are about five times what nations can allow to be emitted to 2050, if we are to avoid planetary catastrophe.  So the rest is at risk of being  stranded  -- unburnable - if nations have a Darwinian moment and act. As they must.  If this happens, of course, it means current market prices for fossil fuel companies are hugely overvalued.
And consider the risk to the $21 trillion of CAPEX by Big Oil that is planned for expenditure in the near term to develop unconventional oil projects.
And, the risk that, given the plummeting prices for solar and wind energy, oil prices will not remain high enough to profit from the sale of newly discovered reserves, which generally need at least $95 per barrel to break even.
And, overall, the risks from multiple problems facing the fossil fuels complex, including faltering productivity, falling profits, poor economics, environmental disasters and increasing competition from power plants and automobiles running on free fuel.
There are growing risks of stranding in the grid power sector.  Barclays recently down-graded high-grade corp. bonds across the entire US utility sector, citing the energy threat of solar power and storage.  Baseload power sources like coal and nuclear are being replaced by renewables, and in time the grid will become obsolete.  In Europe, growth in renewables was the primary reason that the top 20 utilities  lost $600 billion in market value over the past five years.
And I'm sure you know the losses in market value experienced by the coal industry over the past three years, down 61% against the S&P 500, up 47%.  By the way, coal is the canary in the oil well, to coin a phrase.
Conventional oil peaked in 2005.  Oil and gas production by Chevron, Exxon-Mobil and Shell declined over the past 5 years, even as they spent $500 billion in CAPEX on new projects - that's shareholder wealth that will potentially vanish down very expensive holes drilled in the earth.
Despite the recent surging flows of tight oil and shale gas in the US, the country is waking up to the fact of the huge decline rates of the sources for these products.
Renewable energy supplies at least 23% of global electricity generation today.  Its capacity doubled from 2000-2012.  Solar is now growing at a 30% rate/year. And is rapidly becoming cost competitive with fossil fuels.
Finally, consider that government subsidies for fossil fuels are some $600 billion per year, compared to just $90 billion for clean energy --  a public perfidy whose days are numbered --  a global outrage that soon will end.  As it must.
There's an old saw:  How did you go bankrupt?  "Two ways: slowly at first; then all at once."  In financial markets today, too few consider climate change an investment risk at all.  Too many of those who do imagine it to be merely a tail risk, remote and barely worth noting.  But change in energy is coming at a gallop.  It's happened before.  Consider, not long ago, when we used whales for light; horses for power; coal for steam to drive locomotion; now coal again for electricity. We need to disenthrall ourselves from old business models.  And listen to the wise and well informed. Like Sheikh Yamani, Saudi Arabia's powerful Minister of Oil from 1962 to 1986.  He famously said:  "The Stone Age didn't end because we ran out of stones, and the age of oil won't end because we run out of oil."
Moral Imperative -this argument is particularly pertinent for public pension funds, so importantly affected with the public interest.
Given the Gargantuan existential risk of climate change to the planet, those in positions of leadership who fail to take reasonable steps to stop carbon emissions from rising become the moral equivalent of those seeking to deny the science and brush away the problem.  As Galileo did by recanting to save his life.  Divestment is a reasonable step for pension trustees to take.
What does divestment accomplish?  It avoids the ugly picture of trustees seeking to profit from emissions of carbon through the sale and  burning of fossil fuel reserves and especially through the massive use of shareholder funds to search for more fossil fuels to sell and burn. Such behavior violates the most basic norms of a civilized society.
I've tried to imagine how Homer, the great story-teller, would have described Big Oil. You'll have your own answer.   Here's mine:  "The lung-choking, ocean-poisoning, species-sickening pitiless scourge of humanity."
Divestment by any group, but particularly by thought leaders such as those responsible for public pension funds, helps to stigmatize the oil,  gas and coal giants as repugnant social pariahs and rogue political forces bent on profit at whatever cost to the planet and its people. That is, the pitiless scourges of humanity.
Don't underestimate the power of being able to create pariahs.  These companies fear stigmatization.  It hurts in hiring, employee morale and motivation, shareholder satisfaction and equity valuations.  And it hurts when leaders of these companies go home to face their children and grandchildren.
Do these companies deserve stigmatization?  Consider, e.g., the Exxon-Mobil and Shell reports to shareholders on stranding.  Despite each company's acceptance of the science, they smack their gauntlets across the collective face of humanity by asserting that no government restrictions will restrain them.  Here, e.g., is E-M's statement:
"We are confident that none of our hydrocarbon reserves are now or will become stranded. ... Further, the company does not believe current investments in new reserves [which it intends to discover and develop in quantities at least equal to current proven reserves] are exposed to the risk of stranded assets, given the rising global need for energy..."
As the Carbon Tracker Initiative observes in its rebuttal to the Exxon-Mobil report, that company does not consider a low carbon scenario in its investment planning, which proceeds on a "business as usual" basis.  Its projections are, without doubt, incompatible with meeting the 3.6 degree F goal.  Studies show that the company's projections correspond with the IPCC's RCP 8.5 scenario, putting the planet on a pathway to about a 7 degree F increase from the pre-industrial era by 2050.
Divestment by leaders like you will help awaken us to the peril of inaction.  Collectively, we are like the frog resting comfortably in a pot of cold water being heated to boiling.  You can be among the first in the nation to shake this frog from the deadly comfort zone in which it rests.
Despite the success of the Peoples Climate March in New York City, even the most basic scientific arguments  have not been settled.  Consider, for example, in the NY Times of September 23, the comment of Freeman Dyson, distinguished and greatly admired theoretical physicist at the Institute for Advanced Study:
"What worries me is that many people, including scientists and politicians, believe a whole lot of dogmatic nonsense about climate change.  The nonsense says that climate change is a terrible danger and that it is something we can do something about if we wanted to.  The whole point is to scare people, and this has been done very successfully."
Dyson is wrong.  Alas, not enough people have been scared.  Too many are still slumbering frogs.  Governments won't act until enough people  -- call it a critical mass - have been scared by the foreseeability of the dire consequences that science tells us will follow inaction to demand their Governments to act, thereby driving down demand for fossil fuels and driving up demand for non-fossil fuel alternatives such as renewables, nuclear and efficiency.  In fact, foreseeability is the key and every one of us holds that key in our hands.  When a critical mass of people accept the foreseeability of dire consequences from inaction as being inescapably certain, nations will act to avert catastrophe.  By educating ourselves and others as to this matter, each of us can help achieve the necessary level of certainty.
Consider the tragedy of the Titanic.  It is a metaphor for the surpassing vanity of mankind and the indifferent brutality of nature.  As such it can speak to us about the looming threat of climate change.
On that night in April, 1912, hundreds of human beings consciously, and with deliberation, chose to die as a matter of honor in order to save women and children.  Men of privilege, such as Isidor Straus and Benjamin Guggenheim, refused places on the lifeboats, choosing to wait in deckchairs for death to come.  Of course, the immediacy of death, the certain foreseeability of the ship sinking, is what makes that case different from the perils of doing nothing about carbon.
Although the sinking of the Titanic is high drama, I don't believe it is any more fraught than the planetary threat we face today.  It's just far more compressed.  Two and a half hours to sink instead of 35 or so years to reach 7 degrees and even more to experience the full catastrophe.  Humans are simply not well designed to contemplate, fear and act in anticipation of events - however terrifying - that are way down the road.
Somehow, despite the time-line, the resting frog  --  our collective self - must be awakened.
Your Fiduciary Duty
As Trustees, you are fiduciaries charged with the duty of care.  Here's how the American Law Institute's Restatement of Trusts describes that duty (in section 227):
"This standard requires the exercise of reasonable care, skill and caution, and is applied to investments not in isolation but in the context of the ... portfolio and as a part of an overall investment strategy, which should incorporate risk and return objectives reasonably suitable to the  [purposes of the pension]."
Based on an informed view of all climate change factors, including those I've just outlined, it is easy to conclude on the basis of financial considerations alone that divestment of fossil fuel company holdings is a permissible option.  And the moral dimension makes this conclusion even more powerful.
Whether, at this time,  divestment is compelled by the duty of care is a more difficult question to answer.  Anticipatory divestment in recognition that,  at some unknown and unknowable point down the road, markets will suddenly adjust equity prices downward to reflect swiftly changing prospects for fossil fuel companies, however wise as a prudent option today, is probably not yet compelled in the exercise of due care.
But here's the most important point:  Whether your portfolio will under or outperform after divestment is unknowable.  Looking back in time, results vary depending on the measuring period and assumptions about how proceeds are reinvested.  But past is not prologue here.  And, in any case, fiduciaries need not worry about short-term results.  Anticipatory investment should be viewed as having unknown short-term consequences.  In the long run, those results are unimportant.  A decision to divest rests on the claim that fossil fuel companies will prove to be bad investments over the long term and, therefore, with foresight that anticipates this result, should be removed from the pension fund before the strengthening and foreseeable likelihood of this result becomes commonplace in the market. As it did with coal.  I hope that, very soon, you will make that decision.
More:

Putting the Emphasis Where It Belongsreddit
"Before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader, success is all about growing others." -- Jack Welch
The message didn't really fit directly with the lesson that the professor was delivering. Perhaps that's why I remember it most clearly from everything that he taught during that entire course.
In the late 1990s, I was taking a methodology class for teaching Social Studies at Roosevelt University in Schaumberg, Ill. The instructor did a wonderful job in helping his class understand the importance of making history come alive for students. We learned about engaging lessons with clear themes and plenty of opportunity for students' creativity.
But where he really helped me as an educator was with a message that he shared following a conversation that he had with an executive at nearby Motorola. The topic of education had come up between the two men and the exec really laid into his professor friend. "You guys in education have it all wrong." "How so?" asked the prof. "You teach everyone to work and think alone, that communicating and sharing ideas is cheating. Once these kids get into the workplace we need to completely deprogram and retrain them to cooperate and collaborate, to work together effectively." The professor, duly humbled, shared this powerful message with us. It was a concept that I always remembered as I began my own journey in the field of education and school leadership.
Too many new leaders also "have it all wrong," at least in terms of how they view their new roles. They think of leadership as the next step in their ascent, one that represents an increase in responsibility and authority but not one that necessarily demands change in their core thinking and approaches. In truth, to assume a leadership post is to enter into a whole new professional arena.
Before assuming this new position, accomplishment was all about you and your performance. You worked hard to achieve success and hoped that you would get noticed and promoted. Time and effort were invested in self-promotion, with the understanding that your success would translate into the next step that you desired. Once you become a leader, however, achievement is measured by your ability to grow others, to make the people who work for you more capable and more confident. The game is no longer about you winning. It's your team that must win for your term as leader to be deemed a success.
No doubt, this can be much easier said than done. Since grade school, you have been encouraged to succeed as an individual. Sure, you were taught to be respectful of others and include them in social activities and school projects, but at the end it was about you. As you moved into the workplace you brought that "about me" attitude with you. Perhaps you were placed on a team and had to work with others to complete tasks. But were you genuinely invested in their success? If you are like most people, the answer is probably not.
As a leader, that old mindset needs to change, and in a hurry. In the words of the great industrialist Andrew Carnegie, "No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself, or to get all the credit for doing it."
What can new leaders do to adjust their thinking and become more "we" oriented?
One primary consideration is to remember how your success will be measured. Keep a placard on your corkboard or a little stand on your desk that shares a message of cohesion and common goals. Choose something like:
"If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself." Henry Ford
"Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much." Helen Keller
"We cannot accomplish all that we need to do without working together." Bill Richardson
Remember, a leader's primary role is to advance her team and to engage their collective talents towards the goals that they have set. How she performs individually is of little consequence if the process falls behind schedule or comes in over budget. When the team wins she wins. When they stumble, the blame will find its way back to her. That alone should help motivate a leader to think more broadly than she has in the past.
Another strategy is to reflect upon the gift of leading. Leadership is not simply a better, more prestigious version of subordinate positions. Rather, it is an opportunity to make a much broader and deeper impact on others and the organization. Leaders who remember this blessing and come to work each day with the goal of helping others will find that they don't have the time or the interest in thinking about themselves. They are simply too engrossed in the broader success of their endeavors to worry about the personal implications. As the adage goes, "focus on the process, forget the outcome." If the process is strong that outcome will take care of itself.
Naphtali Hoff ( @impactfulcoach ) served as an educator and school administrator for over 15 years before becoming an executive coach and consultant. Read his blog at impactfulcoaching.com/blog .
Follow Naphtali Hoff on Twitter: www.twitter.com/impactfulcoach
More:

The Power of a Professional Brand and Why You Need Onereddit
As a career coach, I often work with people that brand products or services for an organization but have no real awareness of their personal professional brand and why it matters. It's time to take stock of your own brand and use it to achieve your career goals.
Your Story Matters. When was the last time you checked in with colleagues, or your boss to ask how they perceive you professionally? If their response does not match how you want to be seen in the workplace, then it's time to revamp your professional brand and create the story you want others to know about you.
I coached a working mom, a lawyer who recently returned from a maternity leave to find that her co-workers started to treat her differently. She felt minimized and was not sought after to work on complex cases because she had been "mommy tracked" by her firm. She was frustrated since she was very serious about her career and aspired to advance to a partner role in the firm.
Accurate and powerful branding was essential for this woman so she could be in charge of her own professional story and not succumb to the inaccurate perception of others that she was less focused on her career now that she was a mother. She took control and created the story she wanted others to hear and tapped the power of her professional brand. By systematically telling her version of her story to the stakeholders in her professional world, and by exhibiting behavior that reflected her brand, she was able to redirect their misperception. She made it very clear that she was on the partner track -- not the mommy track.
Ask Your Circle of Trust. In order to do a brand audit you should ask people whom you trust at work and beyond to give you candid input about how they perceive you in your professional setting. Can they articulate your strengths and why you bring value to your organization? If not, your lack of brand focus means you need to ramp up your visibility and professional presence now.
Be Promotable and Recruit-able. Reflecting on your brand is great for personal transformation and growth, and gives you a heightened self-awareness but it also makes you visible. Being top of mind with the powers that be in your organization (and beyond) empowers you to be recruit-able and promotable. Do others know what you do really well?
Perception is Everything. There is no reality -- only perception! It's not just what you say or do well -- but what you are NOT saying or doing that drives your brand. Who do you aspire to be in your career and how do you want to be perceived? You need to clearly envision it first and then create a brand that showcases you at your best so others see you in this light.
Brand Evangelist. I coach job seekers on how to tell their story and empower their network with sound bytes they create so well meaning people can spread the word and help make connections on their behalf. You need not be looking for a job to empower your brand evangelists. People you work with should be able to talk about what you do well in the organization and why you are a valuable employee. They should know what differentiates you from the pack, your area of expertise, and the results you drive to add to the success of your company.
Manage Up. Don't assume your boss knows what a rock star you are at work. He or she is busy doing their job and unless you are causing a problem they may not notice all the great work you are doing the other 11 months of the year beyond your annual performance review. Send your boss a brief monthly email with a punch list of what you accomplished and your stretch goals. It's a great way to keep them informed regularly about your ROI. If you supervise others, be sure to teach them how to manage up to you!
Be a Thought Leader. The core of your brand is articulating what you do really well -- and what you love in your job. The sweet spot is what you do incredibly well that your company really needs. You must then position yourself as a thought leader and act like a publicist to get the word out about your expertise. Use social media, present at conferences in your industry, take media interviews as an expert in your field and become known as an influencer in your career field. Be searchable online with content you want others to find and become known as the go-to guru for something unique in your skill set.
Create A Culture of Advocacy. It's great to be recognized by others for a job well done. You can systematically create a culture of advocacy and support in your organization by sharing well-deserved kudos about your colleagues directly to them and to others with whom they work. Be a cheerleader for good work and watch how the culture shift of advocacy creates a positive work environment. We don't recognize others enough and if you start this trend, I promise you will begin to benefit from the reciprocity of others who recognize your efforts.
Take Your Power. Power is not given, it's taken so create your brand and project it out into the world loud and clearly. You need not go to the dark side and become an obnoxious bragger when tooting your own professional horn. Practice humble confidence and remember that you earned your successes, accolades, and well-honed competencies through a lot of hard work.
It's time to focus on you since nobody else will. Your professional brand is your responsibility. Enjoy the process and remember that self-promotion is essential since the career world is competitive and survival of the fittest still rings true. Create your story and control your professional brand.
Caroline Dowd-Higgins authored the book "This Is Not the Career I Ordered" and maintains the career reinvention blog of the same name. She is Director of Professional Enrichment at the Indiana University Alumni Association and contributes to AOL Jobs, CNN Money, London based - The Rouse and More Magazine. She is working on a TV series about career & life empowerment for women and hosts the podcast series Your Working Life - check it out on iTunes . Follow her on Facebook , LinkedIn , and Twitter .
Follow Caroline Dowd-Higgins on Twitter: www.twitter.com/CDowdHiggins
More:
Unemployment Trust Brand Recruiting Employment Careers Mange Up Professional Development Power Perception Advocacy
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

Caroline Dowd-HigginsConfidence, Courage and Failure -- A Formula for Career Success!
(0) Comments | Posted November  3, 2014 | 3:55 PM
Recently, I spoke at the Indiana Governor's Conference for Women . It was a day brimming with professional development to empower women to lead and take control of their careers and lives.
Confidence was a key theme throughout the day accentuated by the luncheon keynoters: Katty Kay and...
The Power of a Professional Brand and Why You Need One
(1) Comments | Posted September 30, 2014 | 6:21 PM
As a career coach, I often work with people that brand products or services for an organization but have no real awareness of their personal professional brand and why it matters. It's time to take stock of your own brand and use it...
Back to School is Not Just for Kids
(0) Comments | Posted September  2, 2014 | 3:17 PM
The back-to-school TV commercials have been running since July, but it's finally time to get into the routine of a new academic year for kids and adults alike. Professional development is essential for all those serious about advancing their career in a competitive marketplace. Whether you are looking to grow...
How Fitbit Helped My Career
(5) Comments | Posted August  8, 2014 | 1:47 PM
Everywhere I go, I've noticed that elevators are almost empty and stairwells are filled with people tracking their daily steps with wearable fitness devices. I'm a Fitbit user and I'm happy to report that this accountability device has improved my health and my career more than I ever imagined.
I...
Don't Be a Vacation Loser
(1) Comments | Posted July  8, 2014 | 7:42 PM
It's vacation season and the time of year to step away from work to recharge and refresh. Sadly, many people don't take all the vacation days they earn. Others who take vacation end up working during their time off which defeats the purpose entirely.
According to a Glassdoor ...
Why Organizations Thrive With Feminine Leadership
(0) Comments | Posted June  6, 2014 | 12:37 PM
I just came back from delivering a keynote at the Women's Leadership Academy Summit for The American College of Financial Services. Over 100 women spent three days honing their leadership competencies, eager to perform better in their current role with an eye towards the future and how they could impact...
The Class of 2014 Is the Succession Plan for the Future
(0) Comments | Posted May  5, 2014 | 3:18 PM
It's graduation season, and newly minted degree holders are facing a job market that is competitive and changing fast. Millennial-aged graduates must enter the career world armed with tools and strategies to distinguish themselves from the pack.
You have an opportunity to design your own career destiny and I encourage...
8 Things I Learned As a Recovering Workaholic
(0) Comments | Posted April  8, 2014 | 5:28 PM
My name is Caroline Dowd-Higgins, and I'm a workaholic. I'm in recovery, and I have been clean for just a few months. My transformation is slow, and I am truly a work in progress; perhaps you can relate to my situation.
I'm an achiever with an inner voice that tells...
A Weekend With Marshall Goldsmith
(0) Comments | Posted March 26, 2014 | 2:32 PM
Recently, I participated in the Indiana University Alumni Association Goldsmith Leadership and Executive Coaching Academy. Indiana University alumnus, Dr. Marshall Goldsmith certified the first group of IUAA Executive Coaches from around the globe and empowered us with tools for his positive behavioral change process. As Executive Coaches, we...
Be Career Nimble Throughout Your Life
(0) Comments | Posted February  3, 2014 | 5:48 PM
No matter where you are in your lifetime career journey, you need to remember that you always have options and you can design your career trajectory. It's helps to know where you are before you contemplate where you want to go because what you aspire to do in your 30's...
A New Year Career Cleanse
(0) Comments | Posted January  2, 2014 | 10:38 AM
It's the season for diets, intense exercise regimens and plans to quit unhealthy habits. If the dawn of 2014 has coerced you into extreme new beginnings, I encourage you to start the New Year by being good to yourself, especially as you consider your career future.
Instead of setting...
The Art of Failure and Why It's Good for You
(0) Comments | Posted December  2, 2013 | 5:15 PM
Years ago I was in an interview for a big freelance opportunity and my almost future boss asked me, "What was your biggest professional failure?" The question really freaked me out since I did not want to expose my vulnerable side or my true weaknesses. I was trying to land...
Pass the Turkey, and the Career Advice!
(1) Comments | Posted November 11, 2013 | 5:31 PM
The stress of the holidays can be difficult enough without having to worry about finding a job or reinventing your career. If you dread the inevitability of well-meaning family members asking "How's your job search going?" consider tapping the wisdom and expertise of your friends and family and activate your...
Navigate a Conference Wisely to Get The Most Out of Your Professional Development Dollars
(2) Comments | Posted October 23, 2013 | 4:31 PM
Seeking out professional development opportunities is essential for the modern-day career woman. From webinars to continuing education or conferences and workshops, you must stay current and continue to grow in order to remain relevant in a competitive market.
Professional development can also be a retreat for your mind, body and...
How to Manage Introverts
(0) Comments | Posted October  2, 2013 | 7:58 PM
I started a new job last month and had the first meeting with the team I supervise over lunch. My team consists of three amazingly smart and productive women, so I was thrilled with the opportunity to get to know them and discuss our professional futures together. Within 60 seconds...
How You Can Actually Look Forward to Mondays (No, Really)
(0) Comments | Posted September 16, 2013 | 11:22 AM
Are you mopey on Sunday nights because you dread going to work the next day? If you've lost the passion for your job and feel like you are in a professional rut, it's time to take stock and assess what you really want out of your career.
When Is It...
Dare to Compete, Mrs. Clinton!
(9) Comments | Posted July 17, 2013 | 11:55 AM
I recently attended the Society of Human Resource Management ( SHRM ) annual convention in Chicago and Hillary Clinton was the opening night keynoter. She addressed an enthusiastic crowd of 10,000+ people and left me ready to engage my competitive spirit.
While the former Secretary of State is passionate...
Elevate Your Career
(3) Comments | Posted June 10, 2013 | 2:32 PM
It is no surprise that the current job market is challenging for job seekers and those wanting to advance their careers. Competition is fierce from entry-level to the executive ranks, and women are still outnumbered and under-valued in many male-dominated professions.
Women need to get into the career game and...

5 Reasons Why Buying Facebook Likes Is a Waste of Time and Money for Your Businessreddit
I recently had a client who I was consulting and one of the things he was working on was setting up his Facebook page and generating traffic. He decided that in order to generate some likes for his new Facebook page, he would purchase a couple thousand likes for his page. I have never been a fan of buying likes or any kind of audience on social media for that matter, but I was interested to see what would happen.
After the order for likes was made, I decided to check out the page and look at the persons who liked, and when the likes were coming in steady. I started noticing something weird. The persons who were liking his page: 1- Were not the target market of his business, 2- These persons all had different profile pictures but the exact same post, 3- maximum number of post on the page was three. Basically the profiles were all fake and to me that was a complete waste of time. Why would anyone want likes from fake profiles? My client immediately stopped, but here are 5 reasons buying likes is a waste of time.
1. Poor or No engagement: If the majority of fans are fake, then when you publish your best content you will hardly be reaching anyone. When offers are published in your business, it will be a waste of time and there will be no true engagement and no one to reach.
2. It will mess up your EDGERANK: Your EDGERANK score is based on the amount of visits to your page, your comments, likes on contents and how much time it is shared. If you purchased fans and the people on your page are fake and not interacting with your brand then your EDGERANK score will be very low, and Facebook will see your page as unimportant.
3. You may lose future prospective real fans: If someone stumbles upon your page and realize that no one is talking about this or there is absolutely no interaction, they may perceive that  what you're doing is unimportant and just move away without becoming a fan.
4. It's a waste of money: Normally in business whenever you purchase something, it should be something of value. In the case of buying fans, there is no value there, you are basically buying something or someone that doesn't exist that will add absolutely no value to your brand.
5. Unable to generate leads and sales: True Facebook marketers use Facebook as a means of generating leads and then sales. So unless you are purchasing adds which can reach real people, then marketing to your "purchased" fan base and trying to get them off Facebook and unto your website, landing or sales pages will be futile since that may not be real.
There are alternatives to purchasing fake fans or fake likes; one can ask friends on their personal page to like their page and invite their friends to like it. They can put their Facebook page in their email signature, create valuable contents that will attract people and promote them, and place their fan page in the persona description on their personal page. One can also simply purchase adds which can generate likes, leads and sales. There is no shortcut to marketing in general, the same goes for Facebook marketing. Take your time and grow your fan base, there are amazing programs and people that can teach you how to do so such as Amy Porterfield and Brian Moran. Just stop wasting your company's time and money.
Follow N. Kimron Corion on Twitter: www.twitter.com/kimroncorion
More:

News Corp to buy Move Inc for about USD 950 millionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Columns: Top 10 reasons for inflation declineE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

SMEs: Renewable RiseE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

10 Words You Must NEVER Use to Describe Yourselfreddit
Who am I to tell you how you can describe yourself? Nobody. So ignore me at your leisure.
On the other hand, I can tell you for free that the words you use in your résumé, your LinkedIn profile, your Twitter bio, your cover letter, and in spoken language, create a response in the reader, which can condemn you faster than the blink of an eye.
Believe me on this. Recruiters, hiring managers, potential clients, and those in your social community will scorn you, even 'delete' you, based on the emotion these words evoke. I am not saying it's right, but you will be judged if you use these words. And not judged well.
'Guru,' 'legend,' 'maven,' and 'ninja:' Incredibly, these are used a lot! They are very common in Twitter bios, for example. Seriously? Have you paused to consider what these words actually mean?  What they imply? And you are happy to ascribe them to yourself? You are a 'legend', are you? And you say so? Publicly? Nothing writes you off and smashes your credibility as quickly as describing yourself with words like these.
'Expert:' Not as bad as the words above, but from the same stable. You have gone too big. You may be an expert. Just don't say it. We will be the judge of that.
'Humble:' Just by saying it, you prove that you are not.
'Generous:' You may be, but if you are prepared to say it in public, then you are not humble (see above). And we value 'humble'. And we want our 'generosity' without thought for personal gain and acknowledgement. So don't say it. Live it.
'Honest:' If you have to say it, it's clear you think it's a 'special talent'. We view it as a given. Do you have to work at it, we wonder?
'Rock-star:' Oh, heaven help us! (Unless you are, in fact, a rock-star, but we doubt that.)
'Nice guy:' No, seriously, I have seen this on three twitter bios recently. You are announcing you are a 'nice guy'? Surely that is the ultimate accolade that has to be bestowed by others. Narcissistic, much?
'Exceptional:' Too big. Too much. Too bad.
'Funny:' Pretty much every person I have ever met who describes him or herself as 'funny'... isn't.
'Visionary:' Just (don't) do it.
If these traits are true about you, then other people will say them about you. In references. On social media. In private conversations. Say them about yourself, you look silly at best, and a right plonker at worst.
Got any more? Please leave your comments below.
This post first appeared on The Savage Truth .
Follow Greg Savage on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Greg_Savage
More:

Just When We Thought They Had Tormented Us Enoughreddit
My Lebanese air-conditioner technician (the guy who installed and regularly services our residential A/C unit) once confided to my wife and me that the only "problem" he had with Israel was that "they think they always have to win."  It was a trenchant observation.  I feel much the same way toward corporate America.
Even though only 11.3 percent of American workers currently belong to labor unions (the lowest density since 1916, when it was 11.2 percent), corporate America and their Republican minions aren't satisfied.  They want more.  And despite a miniscule 6.6 percent of private sector workers being unionized, it's still not good enough for them.  They want more.  Clearly, these greedy bastards won't be happy until their boot is firmly planted on organized labor's neck.
The latest effrontery to be served up was courtesy of Republican Senator Lamar Alexander of Tennessee (once George H. W. Bush's Secretary of Education), in what he calls the "NLRB Reform Act."  Alexander proposes that the NLRB expand its board from five members to six members -- three Democrats and three Republicans -- and that four Yes votes be required to pass any measure.   Give Alexander credit for being able to keep a straight face while suggesting this.
With the intractable, almost toxic, partisanship we've come to expect from Washington, it's abundantly clear why Alexander wants these changes.  In a word, it's "gridlock."  Aware that the board will vote along strict party lines, he wants the NLRB to be mired in one highly partisan 3-3 vote after another, unable to put into effect any measures that will benefit working people.  For the Republicans, a tie is as good as a win, because it results in nothing getting done.
Fortunately, Alexander's attempt to neutralize the Labor Board has no chance of being passed by the Democratic-controlled Senate.  As weak and squirrelly as the Democrats have been on labor issues, they can be counted upon to block it.  Even with the vocal support of the Senate's Minority Leader, Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the NLRB Reform Act hasn't got a prayer.  But that could all change if the Republicans regain control of the Senate in November.
And if that happens, it's going to be a sorry day for the American working class.  The NLRB was established (in 1935) for the sole purpose of representing the needs and interests of working men and women.   If the Republicans succeed in marginalizing the Board to the point where it's no longer a viable agency, this becomes a whole other deal.
David Macaray, a former labor union rep, is the author of "It's Never Been Easy:  Essays on Modern Labor, 2nd edition."
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations

IFC to invest $90 million in Road HoldcoIFC to invest $90 million in Road Holdco
T E Narasimhan | Chennai Oct 01, 2014 08:34 PM IST
I Squared Capital (ISQ), an independent global infrastructure investment, is planning to launch a new company – Road Holdco – to acquire operational road projects in India.
ISQ focuses on energy, utilities and transport in North America, Europe and select high-growth economies. To complement its diversified portfolio of global infrastructure assets, it is forming Road Holdco based in Singapore.
International Finance Corporation (IFC) said that it would consider an equity investment of up to $90 million in Road Holdco, besides considering refinancing debt for the road assets that Road Holdco would acquire.
IFC’s total debt investment is expected to be up to $150 million. It might also acquire other transportation and logistics assets like parking facilities and logistics infrastructure.
ISQ is currently in advanced stages of evaluating multiple operational toll roads to be acquired by Road Holdco, according to an IFC disclosure.
“IFC would create a new investment vehicle, which would demonstrate the potential of such consolidation of assets as a medium for channelising long-term risk-averse capital into the Indian infrastructure. The investment would also unlock developer equity and provide impetus to further infrastructure growth in the country,” IFC said.
IFC expects to signal the market about the long-term viability of the infrastructure sector in India. It is likely that an IFC investment would attract potential insurance companies and pension funds to the market.
IFC’s investment in Road Holdco is likely to act as a stamp of approval and enable the company to get attractive terms, while refinancing debt and de-risking the business model further, it added.
Meanwhile, IFC) is planning to infuse $50 million equity into Everstone Capital fund, ECP III.
The $650-million ECP III is the successor to Indivision India Partners and Everstone Capital Partners II. It has a target fund size of $650 million with a $700 million cap, said IFC.
Singapore-registered limited partnership, ECP III, will invest primarily through one or more subsidiaries formed in Singapore and India. The manager is based out of Singapore and the adviser has offices in Mumbai, Gurgaon and Bengaluru, India, according to an IFC disclosure.
The fund will invest in equity and equity-linked instruments of companies having operations in the Indian sub-continent and cater to or benefit from Indian domestic consumption and infrastructure development expenditures across various sectors.
It is the successor to Indivision India Partners (Fund I), a $425-million 2006 vintage fund, and Everstone Capital Partners II (Fund II), a 2010 vintage fund with $580 million in capital commitments.
"The fund seeks to mobilise co-investment capital and follow-on financing for its investees. IFC, with its local presence and networks, and the ability to invest across the capital structure will be a strong partner of choice," said IFC, adding that the private equity fund raising in India continued to be slow.
IFC's investment will send a positive signal of confidence in the market and catalyse further interest in the capital-constrained PE industry in India and its presence will ensure that best practices are adhered to at the fund and at the investee level, it said.
Everstone III Partners Ltd and Cayman Islands (the General Partner) is the sole general partner of the fund and will exercise control and supervision over its operations. The General Partner is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Everstone Capital Limited, Mauritius, an investment holding company, according to IFC.
Everstone Capital Advisors Private Limited, India, and along with the sponsor and the investment manager, the Everstone Group, will advise the manager on investments. The co-founders and managing partners of the Everstone Group are Sameer Sain and Atul Kapur.
With $2 billion assets under management, Everstone has significant resources and a strong institutional platform.

Jayalalithaa to remain in jail till October 7Updated: October 2, 2014 01:30 IST
Jayalalithaa plea hearing put off
Krishnaprasad
Tweet
Hopes of AIADMK general secretary Jayalalithaa securing bail in the wealth case were dashed on Wednesday when a special sitting of the Karnataka High Court adjourned hearing on her plea to October 7. File photo: PTI
Hopes of AIADMK general secretary Jayalalithaa securing bail in the wealth case were dashed on Wednesday when a special sitting of the Karnataka High Court adjourned hearing on her plea to October 7. File photo: Vino John
TOPICS
corruption & bribery
Vacation judge adjourns plea saying the matter has to be heard by a regular bench.
Hearing on the bail application of the former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister, Jayalalithaa, was put off to October 7 by the Karnataka High Court, leading to a brief protest by a group of advocates outside the court hall on Wednesday.
Vacation judge Justice Rathnakala adjourned the hearing, saying that in her considered view, the appeals should be heard by a regular bench.
The Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption, Chennai filed its objections to the plea for suspending the four-year sentence imposed on Ms. Jayalalithaa in the disproportionate assets case and to grant of bail.
Prosecution opposes grant of bail
G. Bhavani Singh, who was the Special Public Prosecutor (SPP) appointed by the Karnataka Government to conduct the trial of the disproportionate assets case against Ms. Jayalalithaa before the special court, filed the objections to her bail plea, as the Tamil Nadu government, through the DVAC, on Tuesday appointed him as the SPP for conducting the case before the High Court.
While opposing the plea of Ms. Jayalalithaa for staying her conviction, it has been contended in the objections that Section 389 of the Code of Criminal Procedure does not give powers to the courts to stay the conviction but power is vested with the courts to suspend execution of sentence and release of convict on bail.
Earlier, advocates representing Ms. Jayalalithaa and her convicted aides were taken by surprise due to the absence of Mr. Singh, when the judge wanted to know why Mr. Singh, who had appeared on Monday, was not present in the court. However, the confusion was put to rest as Mr. Singh entered the court by then.
The court hall witnessed a few unusual scenes during the hearing of Ms. Jayalalithaa’s petitions. When the judge dictated the order adjourning the hearing, one of the lawyers representing an accused said “no…no...no…” in a loud voice, but other advocates stopped him from saying anything further.
After the judge exited from the court hall, some lawyers, who were among a large number of those who arrived from Tamil Nadu to witness the hearing, shouted that “they would remain in the court hall as injustice has been caused to them due to adjournment of the case.”
However, police personnel with the help of other advocates handled the situation patiently.

Hospira gets warning from FDA over drug manufacturing violationsHospira gets warning from FDA over drug manufacturing violations
Hospira
Hospira received a warning from the FDA after an inspection of its Australian manufacturing facility earlier this year that "identified significant violations" of drug manufacturing practices.
Hospira received a warning from the FDA after an inspection of its Australian manufacturing facility earlier this year that "identified significant violations" of drug manufacturing practices.
Hospira gets warning letter from FDA over visible particles in injectable drug.
FDA warns Hospira to fix drug manufacturing violations
Hospira said Wednesday it received a warning letter from the Food and Drug Administration after an inspection of its Australian manufacturing facility this year identified "significant violations" of drug manufacturing practices.
The warning was issued because "visible particles" were discovered in an injectable drug product in a late-February inspection at Hospira’s facility in Mulgrave, Victoria.

Rupee gains 14 paise against dollarHi Guest
Rupee gains 14 paise against dollar
Recovering from nearly seven-month low level, the rupee on Wednesday closed 14 paise higher at 61.61 against the US currency amid fresh dollar selling by exporters and some banks ahead of long weekend holidays.  At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced lower at 61.92 and immediately touched a low of 61.95, a level not seen since March 4, 2014 when it had logged an intra-day low of 62.15. Later, a sudden dollar selling by exporters and some banks pushed ...

Profit on diesel sale swells to Rs 1.90/litreHi Guest
Profit on diesel sale swells to Rs 1.90/litre
Profit on sale of diesel swelled to Rs 1.90 per litre as oil ministry awaits return of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to cut rates. With international oil prices continuing to slide, the over-recovery or profit on diesel sales, which was 35 paise in the second half of September, climbed to Rs 1.90 a litre, an official statement said. Over-recovery or profit should have in natural course translated into a price reduction to bring retail selling price at par with cost. But the oil ...

Nissan  Honda  Maruti record bumper sales ahead of DiwaliHi Guest
Nissan, Honda, Maruti record bumper sales ahead of Diwali
Japanese car maker Nissan Motor has registered a 64.02 per cent jump in its sales in September, 2014, selling 4,145 units from 2,527 units sold during the same month of last year.   Image: Nissan Sunny. Photographs: Courtesy, Indian Autos Blog  For the half year period ending September 30, 2014, the Nissan had sold 25,741 units up by 105.7 per cent, from 12,515 units sold during the same period of previous year, a company statement said. Nissan Motor currently has a manufacturing facility at ...

Big mistakes that crashed Tata Motors  ambitious car dreamHi Guest
Big mistakes that crashed Tata Motors' ambitious car dream
Image: Ratan Tata, Chairman Emeritus of Tata Sons . Photograph: Reuters  Many say Tata Motors has perhaps paid the price for being too ambitious.At the annual shareholders' meeting of Tata Motors (then Tata Engineering and Locomotive Company, or Telco) in August 2001, Ratan Tata offered to resign from the company's chairmanship if shareholders so wished.  Though Tata's offer remained just that - merely an offer - quite a few shareholders and analysts criticised the management strategy of ...

Prez condoles loss of lives in UP train accidentPrez condoles loss of lives in UP train accident
India s Persistent Inflation weighs on economic recovery: Moody sIndia s Persistent Inflation weighs on economic recovery: Moody s
Modi to campaign in Haryana  Maharashtra from Oct 4Modi to campaign in Haryana  Maharashtra from Oct 4
Shares of Fannie Mae  Freddie Mac plunge after lawsuit dismissedShares of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac plunge after lawsuit dismissed
Reuters
Finance Laws and Legislation Mortgages Fannie Mae Freddie Mac U.S. Department of the Treasury
Shares of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac plunged Wednesday after a judge threw out an investor lawsuit that sought to stop the government from requiring the mortgage finance companies to pay a quarterly dividend to the Treasury.
The common shares of the companies, which are traded on OTC markets, were hit hard in pre-market trading on heavy volume.
Fannie Mae fell 50 percent to $1.33 a share from a close of $2.69 Tuesday, while Freddie Mac shares lost 47 percent to $1.40. Both companies saw more than 8.5 million shares traded in pre-market action.

After Microsoft  Amazon may now set up data centre in IndiaHi Guest
After Microsoft, Amazon may now set up data centre in India
World's largest e-tailer Amazon is evaluating setting up a data centre in India to tap into the multi-billion cloud opportunity in India. Amazon, which offers cloud services under Amazon Web Services (AWS), is looking to aggressively expand its foothold in the Indian market, which has players like Google and IBM also offering similar services. Speaking at a FICCI event, Amazon founder and chief Jeff Bezos said the AWS business has grown incredibly fast. "We are always evaluating new locations.

BJP may have post-poll alliance with Shiv Sena in Maharashtra: Kalraj Mishra24
0
Mirzapur: Union Minister Kalraj Mishra on Wednesday claimed that the BJP will emerge as the largest party in the upcoming Assembly polls in Maharashtra and said there may be a post-poll alliance with Shiv Sena in the state.
The Union Minister for MSME (micro, small, medium enterprises) expressed his views after paying obeisance at the famous Vindhaychal temple in Mirzapur in Uttar Pradesh.
"BJP would emerge as the largest party in Maharashtra in the coming Assembly polls and form government," he said, adding that, his "party may have a post-poll alliance with the Shiv Sena after the Assembly elections."
Mishra said that the results of the Assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana would be an eye-opener for all the parties.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #kalraj mishra #bjp #shiv sena
To a question, Mishra said that the results of the Assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana would be an eye-opener for all the parties.
He said in both the states, BJP would form its government defying the speculations of other political parties. Union Minister for Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation Uma Bharti also offered puja at the Vindhyachal temple today.
Later, while talking to mediapersons, she termed linking of rivers and cleaning of Ganga as the two major tasks before her which have to be completed in the next three years. Local MP Anupriya Patel was present with both the Union ministers during their visit to the temple.
3

Dow Falls 200 Points on Disappointing Economic News  Drop in Airline Stocks Over Ebola FearsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Now we know exactly how much wellness is worth: $3.4 trillionMinor part of a mega-industry(Reuters/Stoyan Nenov)
SHARE
Svati Kirsten Narula @svatikirsten
October 1, 2014
A growing middle class, evolving consumer attitudes about health and travel, and rising entrepreneurship are among the trends bolstering the global business of wellness, according to economists who’ve just quantified that business as a “mega-industry,” worth $3.4 trillion.
In a new report from the nonprofit research firm SRI International for the annual Global Spa & Wellness Summit, the wellness industry is defined as distinct from—and larger than—the healthcare and pharmaceutical industries. Components of the “global wellness economy” include: spas and hot springs around the world, wellness tourism (not the same thing as medical tourism; think yoga retreats, not tummy tucks), alternative medicine, gyms and health clubs, nutritional supplements, and more.
Wellness tourism is growing faster than regular tourism, says SRI consultant Ophelia Yeung, and it’s “overwhelmingly domestic.” People don’t have to go far for therapeutic spa treatments or dips in mineral springs, especially as those are popping up in more and more places. The number of spa facilities in the world (105, 591.. yeah, the research is that specific) has increased by about 7% each year since 2007, and a small but growing proportion of those are built around natural thermal or mineral springs.
As consumers become more familiar with wellness-related services, they also become more discerning, says Yeung, and favor “natural, traditional,” time-tested experiences—the kind one finds at places like Iceland’s Blue Lagoon  or a resort in Beppu, Japan . There are 6,500 thermal or mineral springs that have been made into spas, and an additional 19,500 that do not count as spas because they only offer bathing opportunities, according to SRI.
Share this:

Facebook founder to meet PM Narendra ModiZuckerberg to visit India later this month, meet Modi
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 01, 2014
First Published: 21:08 IST(1/10/2014) | Last Updated: 10:33 IST(2/10/2014)
Comments
After Amazon’s Jeff Bezos and Micrsoft’s Satya Nadella, it’s now the turn of Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to visit India.
Zuckerberg, who is slated to meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi, will be in the country to address the first Internet.org summit taking place on October 9-10 in the city. India is Facebook’s second-biggest market after the US. 
The young billionaire is expected to meet members of other key ministries as well. This will be the third highprofile visit by a CEO of a US-based company.
Zuckerberg, who recently snapped up the popular instant messaging service company Whatsapp early this year, joins the growing list of global corporate leaders focusing on India as a major market.
With over one billion users globally, the company gets over 100 million users from India. Many of these users log onto the networking site from their mobile devices.
Facebook chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg had met Modi earlier this year.
The meeting with Zuckerberg assumes significance in the backdrop of Sandberg’s discussion with the Prime Minister. Sandberg had suggested the use of Facebook for improving governance, better interaction between people and the government, and for attracting more tourists to India.
With the new government pushing for a digital India to enable wider use of the Internet, the summit is expected to help boost growth in the webspace. It will bring together experts, officials and industry leaders to focus on ways to deliver more Internet services for people in languages other than English.
 Internet.Org aims to make Internet access affordable for people across the globe. Focussed on enabling the next five billion people to come online, the founding members of the project include Facebook, Ericsson, MediaTek, Nokia, Opera, Qualcomm and Samsung.

11 trashed stocks could be your treasure11 trashed stocks could be your treasure
By: Matt Krantz October 1, 2014 1:21 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Getty
Investors completely threw away a group of stocks in the third quarter – that the analysts think could still be worth saving and worth doing some dumpster diving for.
There are 11 stocks in the broad Standard & Poor’s 1500 index that dropped 30% or more during the third-quarter, including industrial General Cable (BGC) , energy play ION Geophysical (IO) and retailers Kate Space (KATE) but that analysts still see 40% upside and rate the stocks an “outperform” or “buy,” according to a USA TODAY review of data from S&P Capital IQ.
The fact that a group of stocks that were absolutely trashed could actually present opportunity to investors scooping up shares now is one of the greatest paradoxes of investing. Investors who buy stocks at the right time — when the valuations are appealing — can make a bundle on the very same stocks that other investors got pummeled by.
Take the example of General Cable, a maker and seller of all sorts of industrial cable used in construction. The stock was a complete disaster in the third quarter, dropping 41% to $15.08. But now, the stock is trading for less than its tangible book value. That means the price of the stock is below the value of the company’s assets as recorded in its financial statements. The average analysts price target on the stock for the next 18 months is $27.10, which if they’re right, would be a 80% score. Now, that’s a prize.
And then there’s ION Geophysical, which provides advanced seismic technology used by the energy sector. Dropping oil prices was bad news for this company and other energy plays during the third quarter. Shares of ION fell 34% during the quarter to $2.79. And there’s no question that the industry is under stress. ION’s adjusted earnings are expected to drop by 50% this year to 6 cents a share, says S&P Capital IQ. But remember, bad news that’s known by the market is generally priced into stocks. Analysts predict this stock could be a $27.10 stock in 18 months. That’s 71% upside.
Remember, though, that when dumpster diving that it’s risky business. For one thing, the analysts’ targets might be out of touch or just plain wrong. New Constructs , a stock research firm that rates stocks based on their discounted cash flows, rates all these stocks as “dangerous” except for two: General Cable and energy firm Geospace Technologies (GEOS) get a lukewarm “neutral” rating from New Constructs.
But for investors who think they can see beauty in the wreckage, there are choices.
The 11 stocks in the S&P 1500 that fell 30% or more during the third quarter, that have “outperform” or “buy” ratings and 18-month price targets that are 40% or higher from levels at the end of the quarter:
Company

Why Derek Jeter Says He s  Not a RobotAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

The ability of monarch butterflies to migrate may hinge on a single geneBy Rachel Feltman October 1 Follow @rachelfeltman
It's a complex process, but migration may have one vital genetic component. (Jaap de Roode)
For monarch butterflies , the ability to migrate may rely on a single vital gene. Every year, millions of North American monarchs make a single migration to Mexico for winter — a seemingly grueling trip for the delicate-looking insects.
According to a study published Wednesday  in Nature, one gene may be central to their long-distance flying abilities.
By comparing the genetic information of North American monarchs with non-migratory monarchs from other regions (as well as some other closely related butterfly species), the researchers identified more than 500 genes that had some sway in the insects' ability to migrate. But one gene — one that makes monarchs into long-distance fliers instead of sprinters — seemed to show the sharpest difference between butterflies that migrated and those that stayed put.
Monarchs cluster in their winter home in Mexico. (Jaap de Roode)
"Migration is regarded as a complex behavior, but every time that the butterflies have lost migration, they change in exactly the same way, in this one gene involved in flight muscle efficiency," senior study author and University of Chicago Prof.   Marcus Kronforst said in a statement . "In populations that have lost migration, efficiency goes down, suggesting there is a benefit to flying fast and hard when they don't need to migrate."
Based on the changes they saw in this gene and others in non-migratory populations, the researchers believe that all monarchs were once migratory, and originated in Mexico or the southern United States. After dispersing to different regions — Central and South America, across the Atlantic and across the Pacific — the three populations all lost their ability to migrate long distances.
Monarch migration is on the decline, with only 35 million travelers estimated last year compared to about 1 billion in 1996. While the butterflies, who've lost a lot of their primary habitat (milkweed) to herbicide use, aren't in danger of extinction, it's troubling to see just how fragile their migratory habits might be.
"You used to see huge numbers of monarchs, clouds of them passing by," said Kronforst. "Now it looks quite possible that in the not-too-distant future, this annual migration won't happen."
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

The rule of rules when reporting on Ebola: Dont touch anyoneBy Lenny Bernstein October 1 Follow @LennyMBernstein
Lawrence Togbah, left, Moses Bryant, center, and Abraham Saye try to protect themselves from Ebola by covering their hands, feet and torso with plastic bags. They did not have proper protective gear like gloves or masks. (Michel du Cille/The Washington Post)
MONROVIA, Liberia — I was goofing around with a small group of young children outside their home on a muddy, cratered road in the New Kru Town slum here. I made a scary face and the kids skittered, giggling, behind a low wall at the front of their shanty. Then they peeked out, hoping for more.
Finally the boldest of the lot, a little girl perhaps 5 years old, approached and stuck out her hand. “Shake!” she offered excitedly.
“No touching,” I responded, keeping my hands at my sides, trying to hide my sadness. “No touching.”
You don’t touch anyone in Liberia. Not kids, not adults, not other Westerners, not the colleagues you arrived with. It is the rule of rules, because while everyone able is taking precautions, you just can’t be sure where the invisible, lethal Ebola virus might be. Once the virus is on your fingers, it would be frighteningly easy to rub an eye and infect yourself.
As the worst Ebola outbreak in history unfolds in West Africa, The Post's Joel Achenbach explains how the deadly virus wreaks havoc on the human body. (Davin Coburn/The Washington Post)
In 12 days of reporting the Ebola story in Liberia, I touched two people (not counting the occasional “Liberian handshake,” a soft bump of covered elbows). Once, I completely forgot the protocol and shook the outstretched hand of a newly arrived aid worker. Later in the trip, I asked a Washington Post photographer to lightly touch my forehead to see if I had a fever, one of the early signs of Ebola infection. I was concerned my thermometer wasn’t working.
That’s it. No hugs, no pats on the back, no high-fives. An arm around the shoulders? Unthinkable.
Most Liberians, of course, have no such luxury. They play a daily game of Russian roulette with their very lives. They press tightly together, front-to-back, in bus stop queues. They jostle and crowd at food distribution sites. They handle their own dead. In the capital, a city of 1.5 million, they live on top of one another, many people to a dilapidated home, often without running water, sanitation or electricity.
They are among the world’s poorest people. Few in the city have their own cars. They jam into battered yellow taxis to get to the market or anywhere else, never knowing whether the last occupant was a dying Ebola patient who had shed virus on the seat as he was rushed to a treatment center. Even as the disease races through their society, they have no choice.
“My country is surviving by the grace of God,” our driver and guide, Samwar Fallah, told me at one point. We were outside a treatment center, watching its director, a heroic physician named Jerry Brown, trying to determine whether a weakened woman on a bench was infected with Ebola or simply in labor. If it’s possible to sum up the entire horror of the Ebola epidemic in one short phrase, Sam had just done it.
You wouldn’t know it from the mushrooming number of deaths and infections in West Africa, but Ebola is rather difficult to contract. The virus is not airborne, like SARS. You have to come in contact with an infected person’s bodily fluids — blood, vomit, feces, urine, sweat, saliva — to get it and that has to occur when he or she is showing the symptoms of infection: high fever, vomiting, diarrhea, bright red eyes. This is why Liberians and health workers, not journalists, have been the virus’s more than 3,000 victims.
Three Ebola survivors from Liberia were interviewed by the World Health Organization on July 17, 2014. They describe their symptoms, who they contracted the disease from and their paths to recovery. (World Health Organization)
I knew this when I volunteered in early September to go to Africa and cover the world’s most important health story. On Aug. 1, I had written a blog post titled “ Why you’re not going to get Ebola in the U.S. ,” which was something of a reach at a time when Ebola was just penetrating our consciousness. I did it in response to Donald Trump’s tweeted demand that physician Kent Brantly, a missionary aid worker in Monrovia who was near death from Ebola, be barred from the United States because he might bring the virus here. I had interviewed infectious disease specialists and read up on Ebola, and I was pretty confident in my assessment.
Nevertheless, I did more homework before agreeing to go. I consulted with Washington Post reporter Todd Frankel, who had covered the Ebola outbreak in Sierra Leone. I e-mailed Norimitsu Onishi, the New York Times correspondent, who, remarkably, had been in Liberia for weeks, and Nurith Aizenman of NPR, a former Washington Post staffer who also had written from there. I talked to Clair MacDougall, a Times stringer who lives in Monrovia, as well as a friend of my wife’s who lives there and works for USAID. Then Post photographer Michel duCille, who had been to Liberia three times before, volunteered to go as well.
Their advice was always the same: Follow a few rules and you’ll be fine.
Here in the United States, the response to my decision wasn’t quite as calmly expressed. My father, a retired medical school professor with decades of experience in infectious disease, called me “a big [unprintable].” My best friend suggested I was having a midlife crisis and couldn’t add to previous coverage by endangering myself. A friend from college called to say he might no longer be comfortable sitting next to me at an Oct. 11 football game. He had done the math and it would be fewer than 21 days after I was scheduled to return, so I might still be incubating the virus.
“I think you’re out of your f---ing mind,” he said.
Only my wife and grown daughter, both of whom understood instantly why I wanted to cover this story, listened dispassionately to the pros and cons and gave the trip a wary blessing.
The rules become crystal clear the moment you arrive at Liberia’s decrepit airport. Workers wearing rubber gloves took our temperature with infrared (no touch) thermometers before we entered the first building. Our hotel, like anywhere else in Liberia that can afford it, had a small keg with a spigot outside the entrance, the kind that dispense Gatorade on the sidelines of football games. It is filled with a solution of chlorine and water, which kills the virus. Everyone is expected to wash his hands each time he enters the hotel or its adjacent restaurant. Workers constantly swab the floors with bleach.
Each entrance also has a small trough where you rinse your shoes in the same liquid. We also carried it in spray bottles in our car and used it liberally on our hands and shoes.
A pre-arranged driver picked us up at the airport. Another would take us everywhere for the next 12 days, except when I rode in a U.N. vehicle, with a hotel driver or with a Western freelancer. No sane Westerner with any options would get into a public vehicle in Liberia, if they even existed.
Once we offered a ride to Massa Kanneh, a reporter for the local paper Front Page Africa who had helped me find someone I wanted to interview. That’s okay, she said, I’ll take a cab.
Kanneh is 26, a year younger than my older daughter, and aware. “A cab?” I asked incredulously. “You can’t take a cab. You have no idea who was in there before you.”
I have to get to work, she said matter-of-factly.
Another time I asked a fellow straddling a motorbike how he was feeding his family. Most people in Liberia are not working. Work sites, schools and other places where people might gather — except church — are closed, to slow transmission of the virus. He told me he gives people rides on his bike for a few dollars.
These days formal gatherings are discouraged in Liberia due to fear of the lethal Ebola virus being spread. But on Sundays people dress in their best clothes and head to their place of worship to appeal to divine intervention. (Casey Capachi and Michel du Cille/The Washington Post)
That’s not safe, I said. They could have Ebola.
He shrugged. I look them over carefully, he said.
Our first day of reporting took us to all of Monrovia’s treatment centers. All were full, or nearly so. Outside each one were very sick people who couldn’t get in. As I interviewed them, I stood four to six feet away, as MacDougall had suggested, in case the person I was talking to sneezed, coughed, spit or — worst of all — vomited.
Before I left, I had asked an expert how much virus is in each droplet of body fluid. At time of death, when the viral load is highest, he told me, it’s probably 500,000 to 1 million particles. And how much virus would it take to become infected? Somewhere between one and 10 particles, he said.
Liberians love Westerners, and Americans most of all. Their nation of 4.1 million was founded by freed U.S. slaves. Their flag looks a lot like ours. Their currency is the Liberian dollar, though a lot of daily commerce is conducted in U.S. dollars. They are glad we are finally coming to help them, and many approached us to talk, often to air grievances about the mismanagement of the Ebola crisis and everything else.
But if they got within my comfort zone, I moved. If they came up behind me or in my peripheral vision, I changed my position. If they came closer as we talked, I backed up. At first, I worried that it was insulting, but not for long.
Inside Ebola treatment centers and a small private hospital I entered once, the rules become stricter. There, you touch nothing — not a wall, nor a desk nor a piece of paper. Though the virus most loves our bloodstreams and body temperature, it can survive on surfaces. No one is quite sure how long. Studies show it can be anywhere from two hours to two days.
Maintaining that constant vigilance, especially while wearing long sleeves and pouring sweat in the Liberian humidity, is mentally taxing. As is watching the virus’s mounting toll day after day. It’s almost impossible not to slip. Once I put my hand on a slim wood railing on the path to the entrance of Brown’s treatment center. “Don’t touch that,” he said quickly but calmly. “Come, wash your hands.” I spent a while at the chlorine keg, rubbing the liquid into my skin.
DuCille observed no such niceties. He washed with chlorine as often as I did, but he has long ago shed the human instinct for self-preservation, maybe when he spent seven months shooting photos in a crack house or dodged gunfire in Afghanistan. He went inside the former Redemption Hospital, the hellhole transfer station for the sick and the dead in Monrovia, where bodies litter the floor as they drop.
This required him to cover every square inch of his skin with “personal protective equipment,” the moon suits that have become a visual emblem of the epidemic. Putting this outfit on and taking it off is an arduous, time-consuming process. One mistake and you can get virus on your skin. I refused to go anywhere that would require PPE.
DuCille also took to dead bodies like a moth to a flame. A corpse lying in the open beneath a line of drying laundry is a stunning image. I wanted nothing to do with them. For one thing, I couldn’t interview them. For another, I couldn’t tell where they had bled, vomited or defecated as they died. This is why health workers must spray chlorine widely when a corpse is found in public or a home, which is becoming increasingly common.
Early in our visit, UNICEF and the Liberian government took us to a small building where community members were caring for orphaned children and others whose relatives were being traced. The boys were sleeping in one big room, the girls in another. All the kids had tested negative for Ebola, we were told, so don’t worry about them being infectious. We spent about three hours there, doing interviews and shooting photos.
A few days later, UNICEF’s public affairs officer called. A mistake had been made, and one of the children — a charismatic little girl we had focused on — was now showing symptoms of Ebola infection. An investigation had been launched to determine how this could have happened.
We hadn’t touched anyone, of course, but my mind began racing. Had I sat in the same spots she had? Had I gotten too close? She wasn’t symptomatic when we were there, so we were probably fine. But what about the other children, and the adults who were watching them? And what about Liberians and West Africans who remain unprotected from the virus? As yet, there are no answers.
More from The Washington Post:

India plans first offshore wind power projectE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

RBI has no bias either to cut or hike rates: Raghuram RajanE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Is e-commerce on the wrong side of the lawIs e-commerce on the wrong side of the law?
Anusha Soni | New Delhi Oct 01, 2014 10:30 PM IST
Are online e-commerce companies retailers, service providers, commission agents or mere facilitators of transactions between buyers and sellers? The answer to this question has suddenly assumed importance after the Karnataka government recently charged third-party sellers on Amazon India with violation of tax laws.
Back in 2012, the marketplace model - in which the e-company facilitates the coming together of buyers and sellers - helped Flipkart, Myntra, Jabong and others deflect the Enforcement Directorate's allegation that they had violated the foreign direct investment norm, given that FDI is not allowed in direct online retail in India. The companies, most of whom earlier stocked inventory, had restructured themselves into, and defined themselves as, 'technology platforms'. They, therefore, claim that they are not retailers, only facilitators between buyers and sellers.
FOREIGN FUNDING NORMS
Foreign investment is not allowed in e-retail
Investment rules do not make a distinction between inventory-led and marketplace model
In the marketplace model e-commerce companies define themselves as service providers and not as retailers, acting as hosts between buyers and sellers
Wholesale trading within the group companies of an e-commerce retailer cannot exceed 25 per cent of its total turnover
On September 15, the Karnataka government issued notices to around 100 sellers, mostly using Amazon’s platform, but also present on Flipkart and Snapdeal, asking them to desist from stocking goods at company's fulfillment centers. As an industry insider points out, “The larger question raised by the state government is about how far the word ‘marketplace model’ can be stretched to define the current business models of e-commerce companies.” 
Though the industry has come out strongly against the state government, with the National Association of Software and Services Companies (or Nasscom, the trade body for the information technology sector) calling for business friendly laws that 'catalyse growth', a closer look at the complex issue reveals that the state government's argument is not without merit, at least under the existing laws, and the warehousing model could fall foul not only of the state retail regulations, but also of FDI regulations.
Karnataka's contention
"The companies in question stock inventory much before the order is placed," says a senior Karnataka government official. "They pack, ship and take care of any returns. We are merely arguing that in such a case, these e-companies are not service providers but 'commission agents', like those in other sectors like agriculture." Value added tax legislations in most states require commission agents to collect tax on behalf of the suppliers.
Officials point out that the receipts in most e-commerce transactions are generated by the e-commerce companies while the products are sent to consumers by the third-party seller. "According to the existing rules, these activities constitute the status of a commission agent rather than a service provider," says a company secretary working in the e-commerce sector.
A tax expert with a business chamber says, "Classification as a 'commission agent' puts the e-commerce companies in an ambiguous position legally since it could be argued that they are acting as retailers in some capacity. Though a commission agent is also a service provider of the goods involved in the transaction, yet at some point during the transaction he acts on behalf of the supplier. The moment a foreign investor-backed company is recognised as a commission agent, it stands on the wrong side of FDI regulations."
The state authorities also argue that any registered additional place of business constitutes a branch of the business and is presumed to be under the control of the supplier. Since third-party merchants register an e-company's warehouse as their 'additional place of business', it can be assumed that the warehouse-owning e-companies constitute a part of the retail set-up, further qualifying them as commission agents.
"We are not asking for any new interpretations," says a senior Karnataka government official. "These are fundamentals on which the indirect tax administration works in the country. Many sectors, like brick-and-mortar retail and agriculture, function under the same principles."
Another point of contention is the invoice issued by the e-companies. The state says they are void under the existing law as the Information Technology Act, 2000, requires a digital signature on invoices, not mere digital images.
The e-commerce companies that Business Standard spoke to denied any relationship as agents with third-party sellers. They argue that the demand for the physical separation of inventory is outdated. "We understand this to be a case where the laws have not kept pace with new online business models," says an Amazon spokesperson.
While the Karnataka government has no separate provision in the laws on value added tax for e-commerce companies, they are already paying 12.36 per cent service tax to the central government. They say they should not be asked to simultaneously collect value added tax on behalf of retailers, leading to contemplation that perhaps the problem is not about the e-companies themselves. If the government had problem with e-commerce, why had it then served notice to third-party sellers rather than the e-companies, wonders S Venkatramani, chairman of expert committee on tax, Bangalore Chamber of Industry and Commerce.
Experts say that the entire controversy has arisen because of ambiguities both in the FDI policy as well as the undefined nature of the marketplace model. The confusion affects not only the companies, but also the government. Extending the current tax laws against the e-commerce players could prove a dampener for investor sentiment and yet easing FDI norms could alienate the conventional traders who have been lobbying against such a move.
While the industry awaits the Goods and Service Tax regime, the e-commerce business, which is expected to reach $32 billion by 2020, demands more clarity on the taxation policy. Till then, the e-commerce players will probably continue to be bullish on growth even as the government clumsily tries to implement the existing laws.

Apple Pay signals new era at cash registerApple Pay signals new era at cash register
Mike Isaac |  Oct 01, 2014 10:29 PM IST
 
 
Not a single purchase has been made with Apple's new payment system, Apple Pay, which will allow people to pay for everyday goods with their smartphone.
But the service, expected in the coming weeks, already has the technology industry scrambling to profit from a future in which apps could regularly replace cash, cheques and credit cards.
If doubts remained about the far-reaching implications of Apple's entry into the market, they were almost surely cast aside on Tuesday. In a surprise announcement, the e-commerce giant eBay said it would spin off PayPal, long the dominant digital payment service - a move meant to make PayPal more nimble in a fast-changing market.
"The era of digital payments is upon us," said John Donahoe, chief executive of eBay, announcing the split to investors.
The swift reaction by the company in the three weeks since Apple Pay was unveiled makes clear that how we normally pay for goods and services is ripe for transformation.
Square, a prominent payment start-up, plans to allow merchants the ability to accept Apple Pay transactions in the future. Stripe, a payment processing start-up based in San Francisco, has agreed to work with Apple to help more small businesses accept Apple Pay.
PayPal probably has the most to lose if Apple Pay becomes successful.
Part of the scramble among companies comes from Apple's reputation for upending other industries. The iPod, for instance, revolutionised how consumers buy digital music. The iPhone has changed the way people use their cellphones in their daily life.
Companies large and small think Apple's payments service could potentially have the same effect. "Apple has a reputation of harnessing and mobilising an ecosystem," says Denee Carrington, an analyst at Forrester Research.
Perhaps no company has more to lose from a new payment system than PayPal. Started in 1998 by a handful of entrepreneurs, PayPal quickly grew to become the dominant online payment company, widely recognised as a safe and easy way to send and receive money over the Internet.
In 2002, eBay bought PayPal for $1.5 billion. It now has more than 150 million regular users, and last year, it had revenue of $6.6 billion.
"Everyone is gunning for PayPal," Carrington says. "PayPal needs speed and flexibility to effectively defend and grow its business."
Shortly after Apple unveiled its payment product in early September, PayPal took out a series of full-page print advertisements in several major newspapers, criticising Apple for its perceived weaknesses in software security.
When a purchase is made, the iPhone wirelessly transmits a one-time code along with encrypted customer data, which the company says is more secure than swiping a traditional credit card.
"We the people want our money safer than our selfies," the advertisement read, an apparent reference to a recent episode in which some celebrities had nude photographs stolen from their Apple online storage accounts.
Donahoe says multiple factors played into the decision to split eBay and PayPal, including the successful Wall Street debut of Alibaba, the huge Chinese e-commerce company. By being separate from eBay, Donahoe says, PayPal would have more agility, an attribute some analysts have said that PayPal has lacked for years.
Some people say PayPal, especially if standing alone, could benefit from Apple Pay's introduction.
"For one, there is no equivalent yet of Apple Pay on Android devices," says Colin Sebastian, an analyst at Robert W Baird and Company, referring to devices that run Google's operating system. Android smartphone users, he says, could flock to PayPal, which runs on both Apple and Google operating systems.
In an appearance on CNBC, Donahoe said: "The way technology's evolving, the way mobile technology's evolving, we think you're going to continue to see profound changes in how consumers shop and how they pay."
©2014 The New York Times

Drug cos bet on NDDS for better price  market shareDrug cos bet on NDDS for better price, market share
Sohini Das | Ahmedabad Oct 01, 2014 09:10 PM IST
With the drug pricing control getting more stringent, pharma companies are increasingly focussing on developing novel drug delivery systems (NDDS) to get an edge both in terms of pricing as well as promote their products as more efficacious so as to garner better market share.
Take for example, Gujarat-based mid-sized drug maker Troikaa Pharma, which has developed an NDDS for its Diclofenac painkillers, which it sells under the brand Dynapar QPS. The company claims that this is the first transdermal preparation of diclofenac which can enhance the action of pain-relief through topical application as enhances the penetration of diclofenac through skin.
The company's managing director Ketan Patel says, "We have spent nearly Rs 9 to 10 crore over the last four to five years to develop the Dynapar QPS, and the unique thing about this product being it penetrates skin barriers when topically applied. Hence, it also reduces the need to take oral painkillers." Upbeat on this new product, the company has already applied for registration in over 50 countries and is expecting a turnover of Rs 100 crore from Dyanapar QPS in around five year's time. Already, the product has clocked a turnover of Rs 10 crore in the first year, and Troikaa expects revenues from Dynapar QPS to double this fiscal.
A Mumbai-based analyst said that several companies try to improvise on existing versions of drugs to come up with different delivery mechanisms like extended release, modified release etc. "They especially try to brand them as more efficient products as well as also command a price premium for the same. Moreover, with the Centre considering to include these products under the 'new drug' category, they might also be hoping to bring these products outside of price control," he said on grounds of anonymity.
One of the first Indian companies to come up with an NDDS based on a conventional product was Ranbaxy. The company had come up with an extended-release technology for an existing formulation Ciprofloxacin. As Patel pointed out that earlier the patient needed to take the drug twice a day, but Ranbaxy came up with a technology which ensured that there was a delayed release and the optimal levels of the drug were maintained in the blood, thereby enabling the patient to take the drug only once a day.
Other companies like Torrent Pharma have also dabbled in the area. Torrent uses proprietary technologies like dual retard inlay technology, compact tablet technology, gastrive retentive system etc. Some of its novel solutions include Lamotrigine dispersible-OD formulation and Nicorandil OD formulation to name a few.
As the trend slowly picks up, even some of the smaller companies are looking at the area, claims S V Veerramani, president, Indian Drug Manufacturers Association. "While smaller companies do not have enough working capital to invest into research and development for novel drugs, many are now looking at NDDS actively," he said.

RINL net up marginally in FY14 at Rs 366 crRINL net up marginally in FY14 at Rs 366 cr
BS Reporter | Visakhapatnam Oct 01, 2014 08:43 PM IST
Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Limited (RINL), the corporate entity of Visakhapatnam Steel Plant (VSP), witnessed a 3.68 per cent increase in its net profit to Rs 366 crore for the financial year 2013-14, as against Rs 353 crore in the previous year.
“The lower revenue operations of Rs 13,431 crore was due to sluggish market conditions, increase in input costs, especially basic raw material, and depreciation in the rupee against the dollar, all of which have had an adverse impact compared to last year,” P Madhusudan, chairman and managing director of RINL, said at the Mini Ratna company’s 32nd annual general meeting held here on Wednesday.  
RINL declared a total dividend of Rs 92.65 crore consisting of 10 per cent of the net profit for the year 2013-14 to its equity shareholders (amounting to Rs 36.65 crore) and coupon rate of seven per cent on the preference share capital to preference shareholders as on September 29, 2014 (amounting to Rs 56 crore).
This also includes the interim dividend declared earlier during the year of Rs 58 crore already paid to both equity shareholders (Rs 3 crore) and preference shareholders (Rs 55 crore). The total dividend cash outflow, including the dividend tax for the year 2013-14, amounts to Rs 108.40 crore.
Presiding over the AGM, Madhusudan said that the much-awaited expansion of VSP was nearing completion and was likely to yield results by the end of this fiscal. “The company is likely to move ahead in achieving the capacity of 7.3 million tonne liquid steel,” he said.
Initiatives like signing of an MoU with NMDC for laying of slurry pipeline from Nagarnar to Vizag, setting up of a pellet plant at Vizag, an MoU with MECON  for developing and manufacturing silicon steel, and an MoU with the Indian Railways for setting up of a forged wheel plant at Rai Bareli in Uttar Pradesh were taken, he said.

Had Rajnath been BJP chief  alliance would have remained: UddhavPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 9:48 pm
In a veiled attacked on BJP chief Amit Shah, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray has said that he had told Rajnath Singh to continue as BJP President till the Maharashtra assembly elections and had he been at the helm of affairs the alliance would not have broken.
Thackeray also said that he had also contacted Singh, Sushma Swaraj and party patriach L K Advani during the talks with BJP on the seat-sharing and apprised them about the situation.
“I had told Rajnath Singh to continue as BJP President till Maharashtra elections. Had he been there, he would have kept us together.
“A day before BJP parliamentary board decided to nominate Modi as PM candidate, he had called me to tell me that his name will be announced and sought our support. I supported it. He is someone who can keep things together,” Thackeray said.
“I had even called Advaniji to tell him what is happening and even he said that it won’t be good if the alliance breaks. I told him that please forgive me if the alliance breaks,” he added.
Thackeray said the way Shah spoke about a rally in Kolhpaur about having the next BJP government in Maharashtra, it was evident that BJP did not want Shiv Sena as ally.
“The way Amit Shah made the speech in Kolhapur, the way they were talking it was becoming clear that now they don’t want us,” Thackeray said.
The Sena leader said even earlier there were instances when there was a strain in the alliance but the “mature” leaders like late Pramod Mahajan and Gopinath Munde knew how much to strech.
“My intention was never to break the alliance. When Mahajan and Munde and we were handling alliance issues, things were good. When Delhi-appointed people came in and started doing negotiations, things went wrong.
“Amit Shah told me Om Mathur (BJP leader) has been appointed to conduct negotiations. Mathur said we have been told by the parliamentary board to get equal or nothing. I told them that BJP’s parliamentary board can decide your seats not mine,” he said.
Speaking on the issue of resignation of lone Sena minister in Narendra Modi’s cabinet Anant Geete, he said he will speak to the Prime Minister about this.
“I never made issues about only one cabinet in the government. Why should we resign? When Modi returns, I will speak to him,” Thackeray said.
I had told Rajnath Singh to continue as BJP President. Had he been there, he would have kept us together, said Uddhav.

The Dow stocks giving investors headachesThe Dow stocks giving investors headaches
By: Matt Krantz October 1, 2014 2:00 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Do you feel the Dow’s pain today? Yes you do, with all 30 Dow stocks down. But some are taking a larger brunt of the pain.
Unlike a few other recent pullbacks that hit financials hard, this one is hitting health care and industrials most. The biggest percentage loser in the Dow is Tylenol maker Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) , which is down 2.4% to $103.98.
Following J&J on the Dow stocks hurt most on a percentage basis is E.I. du Pont (DD) , which is down 2.1% to $703.24. The worst-performing Dow stocks on a percentage basis today are:
Company

http://usat.ly/1BA2CV7Your Take: Readers show off their classic rides
One purple 1936 Ford glimmers in the summer sun.
Post to Facebook
Your Take: Readers show off their classic rides One purple 1936 Ford glimmers in the summer sun. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wYJJuk
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Your Take: Readers show off their classic rides
One purple 1936 Ford glimmers in the summer sun. 
Michiale Schneider, Your Take
At the Sky High Hot Air Balloon Festival in Pine Mountain, Ga., this 1955 Chevy Bel Air shines for all to see. 
Homer Littleton, Your Take
A restored wooden car reflects off another at the Wavecrest 35th annual Woodie Meet. 
Anna Hall, Your Take
A 1968 Buick Wildcat Coupe stays in one family as the generational vehicle. 
DeWeylan Harris, Your Take
In pristine condition, a 1957 Ford Thunderbird stands out at a car show in Edmonds, Wash. 
David Carlos, Your Take
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

http://usat.ly/1sNmEwJFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Stocks sink for 3rd day as Dow plunges 238 points
U.S. stocks are plunging Wednesday as global growth fears appear to be the newest big worry on the horizon even as the Hong Kong standoff drags on.
Post to Facebook
Stocks sink for 3rd day as Dow plunges 238 points U.S. stocks are plunging Wednesday as global growth fears appear to be the newest big worry on the horizon even as the Hong Kong standoff drags on. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/YSLwVO
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
36
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks sink for 3rd day as Dow plunges 238 points
Video Keywords the Fed's stock market interest rate USA today Hong Kong
Today kicks off the final quarter of the year. October is the "Jinx Month" for Wall Street, but history shows that conditions are ripe for gains.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:06  The stock market worries at all. Just closed the books
00:09  on its seventh straight quarter of gains. Can make it eight
00:12  in a -- Hi I'm Adam shell of USA today. Today
00:17  kicks off the final quarter of 2014. It's a fresh slate.
00:21  The good news is a fourth quarter is normally a bullish
00:24  period for stocks. The not so good news today is also
00:27  the first day of October and October's dubbed the jinx month
00:31  and it's Wall Street's version of horror novel. It's best known
00:34  for stock market crashes 19291987. The biggest and most famous crashes.
00:40  An October scary pass is always on the minds of investors.
00:44  But don't despair. October is not crash proof. It isn't as
00:48  bad as it's happens in the past fifty years the stock
00:51  market is posting gains of nearly 1% in October. And the
00:54  fourth quarter has also been wildly bullish with average gains of
00:58  around 10%. And years when there's a mid term election and
01:02  the sitting lame duck president. And that's -- we have this
01:05  year. That's not to say the market doesn't have challenges there's
01:08  the pro democracy protests in Hong Kong worries over the timing
01:12  of the Fed's first interest rate hike. The nation's fight against
01:15  the Islamic state. The start of earnings season and a lot
01:19  of talk about a market top you get the idea. But
01:22  all those worries are competing with a strong market and a
01:25  bullish seasonal backdrop. Getting a marketing good shot at extending its
01:29  quarterly winning streak to eight.
Adam Shell , USA TODAY 4:55 p.m. EDT October 1, 2014
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Spencer Platt, Getty Images)
419 CONNECT 262 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 36 COMMENTEMAILMORE
U.S. stocks kicked off the first day of the fourth quarter on a sour note, with the Dow diving as investors react to a tired bull market being dragged down further by worries about global growth, ongoing protests in Hong Kong and angst over October's reputation as a scary month for stocks.
And Ebola joined the mix of market worries as the day wore on.
The Dow Jones industrial average plunged 238.19 points, or 1.4%, to 16,804.71. The S&P 500 dropped 26.13 points, or 1.3%, to 1946.16  and the Nasdaq composite  skidded 71.30 points, or 1.6%, to 4422.09.
"The bull is just a wee bit exhausted," says Edward Yardeni, president and chief investment strategist at Yardeni Research.
He adds the market is no longer cheap and with fresh risks on the horizon, investors are taking a time out and waiting to see how third-quarter earnings season plays out in coming weeks.
Small-cap stock slide hits 10% - that's correction territory http://t.co/kJtrZRBtuo
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) October 1, 2014
Concerns about the health of the global economy continue to weigh on Wall Street, as does the uncertainty surrounding how the Hong Kong protests will play out, Yardeni says.
Stocks in the Standard & Poor's 1500 hotels, airlines and casinos industry groups are down Wednesday on news of a confirmed Ebola case in the U.S.
"Ebola (is) having an effect on airlines and travel stocks, so yes that could be a component of (today's) selloff," says Gary Kaltbaum, a money manager at Kaltbaum Capital Management.
But whatever the reasons, perhaps stocks are in need of some slowing down, he says. "We haven't had a 10% correction in over two years … and we're way overdue. It would not be a bad thing."
Small cap stocks officially fell into correction territory as the Russell 2000 has now dropped 10.2% from its March peak.
The stock drop sent bond prices higher. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note dropped to 2.39% from 2.49% Tuesday. Yields move in the opposite direction of bond prices.
On Tuesday, the latest reading on eurozone manufacturing fell for the fifth straight month and a key manufacturing index in Germany slipped below 50, which signals contraction, for the first time since June 2013, according to Barclays. Adding to the angst was a weaker-than-expected ISM manufacturing report for September in the U.S.
Spooked by October stock market? Check out USA TODAY's monthly checkup. http://t.co/NWzgLeNRTp (AFP/Getty Images) pic.twitter.com/cFRaezPe77
— Anne Willette (@amwillette) October 1, 2014
"The problems suggest a challenging earnings environment due to overseas concerns," says Yardeni. "Any signals that the U.S. economy may not be able to offset weakness in the rest of the world raises questions about the profit outlook. Europe seems to be weighing more and more on the bull."
Wall Street is also closely monitoring the protests in Hong Kong, the latest geopolitical risk to weigh on markets and curb investor risk-taking. While the market has been able to shrug off global flare-ups in Ukraine, Iraq and now China, there's always a risk that one of these flashpoints will cause the market to rethink its bullish tone.
Cisco cuts CEO's pay: But will it help? http://t.co/uvyKawpZ1t
— John Waggoner (@JohnWaggoner) October 1, 2014
"Geopolitics have yet to hurt the bull so far, but that's not to say one of these events won't morph into a real threat to the market," Yardeni says.
October also makes investors uneasy, as it is a month known for major stock market crashes in 1929 and 1987.
Benchmarks in Hong Kong and mainland China are closed for the next two days because of holidays. However, Japan's Nikkei 225 index declined 0.6% to 16.082.25.
European stocks were hammered. The FTSE in Britain ended off 1% to 6557.52, Germany's DAX index dropping 1% to 9382.03 and the CAC 40 of France finishing 1.2% lower at 4365.27.
On Tuesday the Dow closed down 28.29 points, or 0.17%. The S&P 500 closed down 5.49 points, or 0.28%. The Nasdaq composite shed 0.28%.
General Mills plans to cut about 700 to 800 jobs (Photo: Joe Raedle, Getty Images) http://t.co/owOu4c52G5 pic.twitter.com/3V0LROO3eD
419 CONNECT 262 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 36 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/YSLwVO
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

http://usat.ly/1mRetwFVideo
Investors prepare for a doorbuster Black Friday | America's Markets
With consumer confidence at a high, retailers are preparing for what could be a record-breaking Black Friday. USA TODAY's Matt Krantz discusses in this edition of America's Markets.
1 of 15
See more video
2016 Fiat 500X - First Look
Fiat's most-recent four-door foray in the U.S. was the supremely ugly, yet versatile Fiat 500L. Much of our staff loved the space-efficient 500L, but I found it hard to look past its pimply, high school-faced awkwardness.
2 of 15
See more video
We’ve got lists of the hottest items on sale on Black Friday
Deal expert Matt Granite has gathered and verified Black Friday stock lists for over 35 major retailers showcasing which products will be on sale on Black Friday.
3 of 15
Low-cost holiday gift ideas | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY’s Nanci Hellmich shares ideas for creative inexpensive holiday gifts.
4 of 15
See more video
Why Christmas day is one of the busiest download days of the year | Money Quick Tips
USA TODAY contributor Regina Lewis shares tips on how to avoid an expensive app attack & double-paying for music, movies & more.
5 of 15
See more video
These stores are OPEN on Thanksgiving
Don't wait until Black Friday to take advantage of those holiday deals. Matt Granite has a list of all the major stores open on Thanksgiving day.
6 of 15
See more video
Skip the Black Friday lines, we'll do the work for you
Money expert Matt Granite has assembled a "Deal Army" to hit the Black Friday sales to gather the best deals for you. So sit back, relax, and let them do all the work.
7 of 15
See more video
Don't get suckered into these Black Friday deal traps
You've watched the commercials and seen the ads that make you think the best Black Friday deals are happening on Thursday night or Friday morning. But are they really? Deal expert Matt Granite gives you the real story on deal traps not to fall for.
8 of 15
See more video
Just Cool Cars: Cancer survivor brings '48 Crosley to life
USA TODAY's Chris Woodyard discovers a cancer surviver who credits his project to restore a 1948 Crosley as his physical therapy
9 of 15
See more video
Ford raises F-150 gas mileage, but is it enough?
USA TODAY's Chris Woodyard reports on how Ford's move to aluminum for its top-selling pickup has raised gas mileage -- but not by much
10 of 15
See more video
Countries with the most modern slaves
Despite being almost universally outlawed, it is estimated that 35.8 million people are enslaved worldwide. Doug McIntyre of 24/7 Wall St. talks about which countries have the most slaves.
11 of 15

Jayalalithaa fails to get reprieve  to be in jail till Oct 7Jayalalithaa fails to get reprieve  to be in jail till Oct 7
Hospitals Are Getting Screwed In Anti-Obamacare StatesHospitals In States That Won't Expand Medicaid Left With More Unpaid Bills
Posted:
Updated:
09/24/2014  4:59 pm EDT
Hospitals in states that expanded Medicaid under Obamacare are reaping financial benefits denied hospitals in states that didn't, Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell said Wednesday. | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
States that refuse to accept Obamacare's Medicaid expansion aren't just leaving behind poor residents, they're also hurting hospitals' bottom lines.
Because the Affordable Care Act cut the number of people with no health insurance this year, hospitals across the country will see $5.7 billion less in unpaid bills, according to a report issued by the Department of Health and Human Services Wednesday.
But the difference in states that have expanded Medicaid versus those that haven't is stark, the report shows. Hospitals in the 25 states that already have made Medicaid available to more poor residents and the District of Columbia will see $4.2 billion less in unpaid bills and charity care, a decrease of one-quarter. In the other states, the decline will be just $1.5 billion, or 9 percent.
In other words, the reduction in the uninsured brought about by Obamacare has predictably led to a decrease in the number of people turning up at hospitals with no health insurance and no means to pay for their medical care. And that decrease is more substantial in states that allowed their poorest residents access to Medicaid coverage.
"It's actually showing that this provides benefits to states," Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell said at a briefing with reporters prior to the report's release Wednesday.
The findings are a reflection of the fact that the uninsured rate, especially among low-income people , has fallen much more in states that expanded Medicaid than in states that didn't.
In a New England Journal of Medicine article published in July, HHS and the Harvard School of Public Health estimated 10.3 million fewer people are uninsured as a result of Obamacare. HHS also announced this month that 7.9 million more people are enrolled in Medicaid or a related benefit called the Children's Health Insurance Program than before Obamacare enrollment started last October. In addition, 7.3 million people have signed up for private health insurance via the law's exchange marketplaces, Burwell disclosed last week.
The Democrats who wrote the Affordable Care Act intended to expand Medicaid nationwide to anyone earning up to 133 percent of the poverty level, or about $15,300 for a single person. But the Supreme Court ruled in 2012 that states could opt out, enabling Republican governors and state legislators -- mostly in the South -- to refuse generous federal funding to cover low-income residents.
Via: The Advisory Board Company
The failure to expand Medicaid in those states has left 4.8 million people who would have been eligible without coverage, according to the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation.
The American Hospital Association, along with other national state hospital groups, endorsed the Affordable Care Act precisely because they wanted more people covered and fewer patients unable to pay for care. That's even though the law also cuts Medicare and Medicaid funding hospitals receive .
In states that haven't expanded Medicaid, hospitals are enduring the funding reductions without the increase in insured patients, though. When the Supreme Court ruling came down, hospital groups in states like Texas and Florida unsuccessfully lobbied in favor of the Medicaid expansion . The figures released by HHS show why they tried.
"Many of the hospitals in these communities feel it already, but I think the data and information will help them make their case more strongly with regard to the importance to their bottom line," Burwell said.
A growing number of states that initially didn't expand Medicaid are signing on, most recently Pennsylvania and New Hampshire , bringing the total up to 27 plus Washington, D.C. Burwell is in discussions with other states, including Utah , about bringing them aboard. "The more that we are able to attract conservative Republican governors, the more that those who have very strong feelings will perhaps listen," she said.
HHS based its analysis on financial reports from hospital chains such as HCA Holdings and LifePoint and on surveys by state-based hospital trade associations. The consulting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers published a similar report this month, and its findings are consistent with HHS's.
More:

Wall St. ends down for day  posts September lossesWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets European Central Bank NYSE Euronext, Inc. GameStop Corp. Mario Draghi
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Mitt Romney Fans Speculation Over Another White House Runreddit
There were several reports this month, based on former and current aides, that Mitt Romney is actively weighing another presidential run. The biggest sign yet comes from a recent interview with The New York Times , where the former 2012 Republican nominee offered a less than Shermanesque response to the million-dollar question.
This was the obvious opening for me to ask if there was a chance. Romney's response was decidedly meta — "I have nothing to add to the story" -- but he then fell into the practiced political parlance of nondenial. "We've got a lot of people looking at the race," he said. "We'll see what happens."
Buoyed by good poll numbers and a wide-open prospective Republican field, Romney went farther than his "circumstances can change" reply in August , and certainly miles forward from the, "Oh, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no," answer in January .
If he does throw his hat into the ring for a third time, the former governor of Massachusetts told the Times that he would employ a cameraman -- essentially his own tracker -- to follow him around in order to guard against statements that derailed his 2012 campaign. "I want to be reminded that this is not off the cuff," Romney said.
Romney said the tactic could potentially prevent another " 47 percent " incident, which by his telling, was nothing more than a problem of setting.
"My mistake was that I was speaking in a way that reflected back to the man," Romney said. "If I had been able to see the camera, I would have remembered that I was talking to the whole world, not just the man."
Also on HuffPost:

Ebay defends spin-off plan for PayPalDownload
Ebay offers ultimate ‘Buy It Now’ with plans to spin off PayPal
By Sarah Mishkin and Richard Waters in San Francisco, Murad Ahmed, Sally Davies and Mark Odell in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a14eb3a6-4896-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ebay/PayPal: for spin-off  by owner© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/43c33076-48ba-11e4-9f63-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ExxonMobil: Rockefellers rule© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/6b75fad2-4891-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why Your Boss Is a Lousy Coachreddit
You boss is a lousy coach. It culminates in your boss not helping you grow. There are three key reasons:
You are smart. You know more than the boss: You are a knowledge worker, who already knows ten times more about what you are doing than the executive does.
Your boss is too busy. The reason your boss may avoid coaching is that she is too busy and she thinks you are busy too!
Your boss is afraid. He may avoid coaching because is he is afraid of alienating you.
It adds up to your boss being a poor coach.
In fact, the most common complaint I hear from direct reports about their leaders is that they do a poor job of providing coaching. I have this documented in thousands of in-depth assessments of executives. Direct reports find the leaders do not "provide effective coaching when needed." In fact, this item consistently scores in the bottom 10 of all items when direct reports evaluate their leaders.
So, what can you do about this? How do you get the help you need from your boss? How do you turn him or her into your coach?
To answer the question of how to turn your boss into your coach, you can try the Six-Question process I have outlined here. I've seen it work for countless teams across the world, and I bet it can work for you too.
The Six-Question process for coaching is a one-on-one dialogue you have with your boss approximately once each quarter, answering the questions outlined below.
Where are we going? The first question deals with the "big picture." Your boss outlines where the larger organization is going in terms of vision, goals, and priorities, then asks you where you think the larger organization should be going. By involving you in this ongoing dialogue, your boss can build alignment and commitment to the larger organizational vision.
Where are you going? Question two deals with your vision, goals and priorities for your part of the organization. You tell your boss where your part of the organization is going. Then he gives his view on where he thinks this part of the organization should be going. By the end of this discussion two types of alignment should have been achieved: 1) the vision, goals and priorities of your part of the organization should be aligned with your leader's vision of the larger organization and 2) the individual goals and priorities of you and your leader should be aligned.
What is going well? One key element of effective coaching is providing positive recognition for achievement. Your leader provides an assessment of what you and the organizations are doing well. Then she asks you a question that is seldom asked, "What do you think that you and your part of the organization are doing well?" By asking this question she may learn about "good news" that may have otherwise been missed.
What are key suggestions for improvement? Your leader gives you constructive suggestions for the future. These suggestions should be limited to key "opportunities for improvement." Then he should ask another (seldom-asked) great coaching question, "If you were your own coach, what suggestions would you have for yourself?" By listening to you, your leader may learn that his original coaching suggestions need to be modified.
How can I help? A key to effective coaching is asking the right questions. One of the greatest coaching questions a leader can ask is, "How can I help?"
What suggestions do you have for me? By asking this question, your boss changes the dynamics of the coaching process. Traditional coaching is sometimes thought of as a one-way monologue that focuses on, "Let me tell you what you can do to improve." The Six-Question approach creates a two-way dialogue that focuses on, "Let's try to help each other." You will be much more willing to be coached by your boss, if your boss is willing to be coached by you!
As implied in the final question of this process, a key to effective two-way coaching is mutual responsibility. The organizational survey in one of my clients pointed out an interesting dilemma. Direct reports criticized their leaders for not providing help when it was needed. Executives said that direct reports never asked for help! If you take the responsibility to ask for coaching (when needed) and your boss takes the responsibility to be responsive and helpful, there is a high probability that the entire process will work!
If the process does not work and your boss won't engage, it is a sign that you should engage a new job with a new boss who will help you, help the organization, and help him or herself.
*     *     *
Please view the Marshall Goldsmith Thinkers50 Video Blog . The short video in the series Coaching for Leaders: The Six-Question Process accompanies this article. I'll post these blogs once a week for the next 50 weeks. The series will incorporate learnings from my 38 years of experience with top executives, as well as material from my previous research, articles and books, including What Got You Here Won't Get You There, MOJO, Coaching for Leadership, and Succession: Are You Ready? The blogs will also include material from my exciting new research on engagement and my upcoming book Triggers (to be published by Crown in 2015).
Follow Marshall Goldsmith on Twitter: www.twitter.com/coachgoldsmith
More:

With a bullet: Russia  China  caffeinated undiesWith a bullet: Russia, China and caffeinated underwear
By: John Waggoner October 1, 2014 8:26 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Some small cable companies are dropping television to concentrate on telephone and Internet service, thanks to the soaring cost of programming. Some operators say they are gradually being pushed out of the TV business as subscribers drop their expensive TV subscriptions and watch shows on cheaper Internet video services.
A federal judge tossed out claims from shareholders against the government over its treatment of shareholders in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
Who could have predicted that Bill Gross, lately of Pimco, now of Janus, could be wrong in predicting an interest rate spike? How about Pimco’s own chief economist, Paul McCulley?
(AFP,  ITAR-TASS Pool)
The Russian ruble is in the rubble, inflation is near 7% and Western economic sanctions still haven’t been fully felt. In the meantime, Russian defense spending will rise 85% between 2012 and 2017.

8 Styles Of Social Networkingreddit
I've always been style conscious. It's the way my mama raised me. I combed fashion magazines and browsed through boutiques from an early age, not just searching for bargains, but for ideas on how to put outfits together.  For me, fashion is an artistic expression of who I am, in that moment, for that occasion.
I've had periods in my life where my style fit a certain category -- classic, edgy, romantic, conservative or trendy -- until the day I realized I didn't fit just one label and that my style was a unique and authentic expression of who I am -- a part of the statement I make about my personal brand.
So it's no wonder that I approach my social network interactions with the same consideration.
I'm not talking posting pictures of my newest shoe purchase -- although there might be a moment when I do exactly that. I'm talking the style in which I choose to interact on social networks. In an age when 74 percent of online Adults use social networking sites and 87 percent of all US Adults are online , this deserves some thought.
So I ask you -- do any of these styles sound like you or someone you know?
The Traditionalist -- They engage -- but not too much. They share without comment so we don't really know what they think -- but what they share tends to be useful. They know they have to have some digital presence but secretly wish this social networking thing would all go away. They definitely put thought behind their posts -- perhaps at times, too much.
The Lurker -- The Lurker has a social profile, most likely limited to Facebook to stay connected to family and friends and LinkedIn for professional reasons -- but they don't engage. They observe. They know everything every one of their friends does online. They'll tell you at a cocktail party how they read all your blogs and how much they enjoy them but never once liked or shared any. They're the person who comes to the dance but never dances.
The Trendsetter -- The Trendsetter is not afraid to speak their mind. They share their own ideas and they share others ideas. They seek to influence. They look to see what is trending on Twitter but they also harbor a deep seated desire that one day a hashtag they create will trend worldwide.
The Spewer -- This is the person that any little thing that pops into their heads they feel obligated to share -- like what they had for breakfast that morning or what they think of that car that just cut them off. There is no thought nor any concern for how something might land or what the repercussions might be. They tend to shoot from their hip which appears to be connected 24/7 to their Facebook feed. It's never once crossed their mind that what they are saying now lives for eternity on the Internet.
The Erratic -- You might at first glance confuse the Erratic with the Spewer. This is because while there is no consistency in their social presence, when they do decide to interact they try to make up for lost time by posting a dozen links, one after the other, without coming up for air and usually unrelated to each other. There might be something really terrific in there they are sharing -- but you'll never find it because it is resembling the Spewer, who you stopped paying attention to a long time ago.
The Attention-Getter -- Like the Spewer it might at first glance seem as if there was absolutely no thought whatsoever in that seemingly inconsiderate or irreverent comment they just posted or outlandish picture they put up on Instagram -- but the truth is -- there probably was. Think Miley Cyrus. Her social network interactions may seem to have occurred in a moment of haste, but my personal belief is that they are part of a grander marketing plan created with intention.
The Non-Responder -- They post. Constantly. All day long. They may even have a huge following -- in the hundreds of thousands. But they never acknowledge a comment. They want to be heard. But they are not interested in listening. They seem to not understand that what has made  social networking grow exponentially is that it is about engagement and conversation -- not simply pushing messages. Think the big corporation who is using new digital tools and old marketing methods.
The Eclectic -- The Eclectic mixes it all up. They interact differently on different social networks. They are more likely to press pause and think before hitting publish. They understand that engaging as a two-way street is what makes social networking so powerful. They think. They understand their personal brand now lives online -- forever and that they are in a position to take control. They know their digital selves might very well be the first impression someone has of them and that there is no delete button on the Internet.
This is where I strive to live.
But no matter which style category I fall into on a particular day, the one constant is that in the same manner that I pause to check the weather before I choose the shoes I wear, I take a moment to think before I post.
Follow Joanne Tombrakos on Twitter: www.twitter.com/joannetombrakos
More:

100 Inspirational Business and Leadership QuotesSome of the very best business executives, startup founders, venture capitalists, management thought leaders, and bestselling authors regularly share words of wisdom on Twitter. Here are a 100 inspirational business leadership quotes for you to enjoy and share on Twitter:
Having a great idea is important. But having a great team is also important. — @SteveCase [ tweet this ]
Too little confidence, and you're unable to act; too much confidence, and you're unable to hear. — @johnmaeda [ tweet this ]
My goal is not to fail fast. My goal is to succeed over the long run. They are not the same thing. — @pmarca [ tweet this ]
It's about getting the best people, retaining them, nurturing a creative environment & helping to find a way to innovate. — @marissamayer [ tweet this ]
All success is a matter of implementation. All implementation is a matter of politics. — @tom_peters [ tweet this ]
If there’s a 90% chance of failure, there’s a 10% chance of changing the world. — @vkhosla [ tweet this ]
When you have self-esteem, you give yourself the audacity to dream big. — @garyvee [ tweet this ]
In the future, there will be no female leaders. There will just be leaders. — @sherylsandberg [ tweet this ]
Make every detail perfect and limit the number of details to perfect. — @jack [ tweet this ]
The secret to thriving in the future is 'learning to learn'. — @dorieclark [ tweet this ]
No business plan survives first contact with a customer. — @sgblank [ tweet this ]
If you're waiting for encouragement from others, you're doing it wrong. By the time people think an idea is good, it's too late. — @levie [ tweet this ]
What makes the meaning of life is people; try to be good to people immediately around you and in your broader community. — @reidhoffman [ tweet this ]
You’re more likely to drown in the sea of sameness than get eaten by a shark while navigating new waters. — @AmyJoMartin [ tweet this ]
Excellent firms don't believe in excellence - only in constant improvement and constant change. — @tom_peters [ tweet this ]
The great thing about fact-based decisions is that they overrule the hierarchy. — Jeff Bezos [ tweet this ]
Entrepreneurs are alwasy super optimistic. If they weren't they wouldn't be entrepreneurs. — @HeidiRoizen [ tweet this ]
Succinct doesn't mean short. It means a high ratio of ideas to words. — @paulg [ tweet this ]
Opportunity-based narratives + creation spaces based on mutual trust = sustainable movements. — @jhagel [ tweet this ]
Definition of success: 1 well-being 2 wisdom 3 capacity to celebrate life 4 our ability to give back — @ariannahuff [ tweet this ]
Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago. — @warrenbuffett [ tweet this ]
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning. — @BillGates [ tweet this ]
People who are just passionate about money do not generally make the best entrepreneurs. — @msuster [ tweet this ]
Never try to be a thought leader. There's no value in that. Instead, try to add value. — @chrisbrogan [ tweet this ]
Are the jobs, pains and gains of your customers really there? Ask you customers and iterate appropriately. — @AlexOsterwalder [ tweet this ]
Management is the most noble of professions if it’s practiced well. — @claychristensen [ tweet this ]
To succeed in business you need to be original, but you also need to understand what your customers want. — @richardbranson [ tweet this ]
Get specific sooner: a specific detail proves a general conclusion, not the reverse, yet we often give generalizations. — @KareAnderson [ tweet this ]
To build a great business, you have to shoot to be 10 times better than your competition. — @bill_gross [ tweet this ]
Giving people self-confidence is by far the most important thing a leader can do. — @jack_welch [ tweet this ]
You can't out-spend the giants, but you can out-think, out-teach, and out-help them. — @bhalligan [ tweet this ]
Part of company culture is path-dependent—it's the lessons you learn along the way. — Jeff Bezos [ tweet this ]
Great tech founder/CEOs tend to focus on What & Who: What product to build, and Who to hire/train/retain/motivate to build it. — @pmarca [ tweet this ]
It takes as much mental energy to dream small as to dream big, so you might as well dream big. — @RosabethKanter [ tweet this ]
Simplicity is about subtracting the obvious and adding the meaningful. — @johnmaeda [ tweet this ]
The idea of an entrepreneur is really thinking out of the box and taking risks and stepping up to major challenges. — @SteveCase [ tweet this ]
Train people well enough so they can leave, treat them well enough so they don't want to. — @richardbranson [ tweet this ]
Do what is necessary to be resilient. You will get knocked down. What matters is that you get back up. — @HillaryClinton [ tweet this ]
You get in life what you have the courage to ask for. — @oprah [ tweet this ]
The creative leader always questions authority. Even when it is her/his own. — @johnmaeda [ tweet this ]
Happiness is the secret ingredient for successful businesses. If you have a happy company it will be invincible. — @richardbranson [ tweet this ]
Innovation in tech favors the naive and the stubborn. If you are too rational you won't tackle problems that others once failed at. — @levie [ tweet this ]
Entrepreneurship is hard. You have to be at peace with failure and keep moving. — @HeidiRoizen [ tweet this ]
Leadership is about making others better as a result of your presence, making sure that impact lasts in your absence. — @sherylsandberg [ tweet this ]
Luck favors the people who are willing to grind it out. — @GuyKawasaki [ tweet this ]
An organization's ability to learn, and translate that learning into action rapidly, is the ultimate competitive advantage. — @jack_welch [ tweet this ]
Success is not a straight line, it’s much more of a dance and being open to possibilities. — @ariannahuff [ tweet this ]
Successful companies proactively re-invent themselves. — @AlexOsterwalder [ tweet this ]
What good is having a belly if there's no fire in it. Wake up, drink your passion, light a match, and get to work. — @simonsinek [ tweet this ]
An entrepreneur is someone who dares to dream the dreams and is foolish enough to try to make those dreams come true. — @vkhosla [ tweet this ]
Employees who strengths were called on every day are 50% more likely to be on high-retention teams. — @mwbuckingham [ tweet this ]
Don't let anything (or anyone) rent space in your mind for free. It's valuable real estate. — @AmyJoMartin [ tweet this ]
Better to be an optimist who gets disappointed than a pessimist who has no hope. — @_robin_sharma [ tweet this ]
When you are competing with others on their terms, you're likely to lose. — @dorieclark [ tweet this ]
Communication is the foundation of collaborative work, which is how all important problems gets solved. People working together. — @pmarca [ tweet this ]
If you’re in business, first and foremost, you have to be nice. Show your customers that you care. — @garyvee [ tweet this ]
You only and always have three choices in any situation: change, accept or leave. — @KareAnderson [ tweet this ]
There's zero correlation between being the best talker and having the best ideas. — @susancain [ tweet this ]
A leader isn’t good because they’re right; they’re good because they’re willing to learn and to trust. — @StanMcChrystal [ tweet this ]
Don’t be a jerk. Don’t take anyone for granted. Enjoy the moment. Be honest, always. Be humble. Be kind. Respect people’s wishes. — @jack [ tweet this ]
Geeks are people who love something so much that all the details matter. — @marissamayer [ tweet this ]
If the challenge we face doesn't scare us, then it's probably not that important. — @simonsinek [ tweet this ]
Awesome people don't like average goals. — @dharmesh [ tweet this ]
Most harmful form of exercise: jumping to conclusions. — @RosabethKanter [ tweet this ]
At the end of the day, the team you build is the company you build. — @SteveCase [ tweet this ]
People who can focus, get things done. People who can prioritize, get the right things done. — @johnmaeda [ tweet this ]
Take criticism seriously, but not personally. If there is truth or merit in the criticism, try to learn from it. — @HillaryClinton [ tweet this ]
If you are not embarrassed by the first version of your product, you've launched too late. — @reidhoffman [ tweet this ]
Questions are places in your mind where answers fit. If you haven't asked the question the answer has nowhere to go. — @claychristensen [ tweet this ]
Honesty is a very expensive gift, don't expect it from cheap people. — @WarrenBuffett [ tweet this ]
Don't fake it till you make it. Fake it till you become it. — @amyjccuddy [ tweet this ]
Everyone has an idea. But it's really about executing the idea and attracting other people to help you work on the idea. — @jack [ tweet this ]
You don’t just drift into better behavior. You have to be intentional and deliberate. — @nilofer [ tweet this ]
A person who is quietly confident makes the best leader. — @fredwilson [ tweet this ]
What ideas are widely dismissed today due to having been tried and failed? Answer is the codex to the next 20 years. — @pmarca [ tweet this ]
People who do extraordinary things are driven by the problems that they're trying to solve. — @msuster [ tweet this ]
When you were made a leader you weren't given a crown, you were given the responsibility to bring out the best in others. — @jack_welch [ tweet this ]
Do you know what we call a failed entrepreneur in Silicon Valley? Experienced. — @sgblank [ tweet this ]
In the minds of great managers, consistent poor performance is a matter of miscasting. — @mwbuckingham [ tweet this ]
When you start with what's at stake for the buyer, you earn the right to their attention. — @jakesorofman [ tweet this ]
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. — Colin Powell [ tweet this ]
One if the hardest things in life to learn are which bridges to cross and which bridges to burn. — @Oprah [ tweet this ]
If you’re not prepared to be wrong, you’ll never come up with anything original. — @sirkenrobinson [ tweet this ]
Vulnerability is our most accurate measurement of courage. — @BreneBrown [ tweet this ]
Leaders can let you fail and yet not let you be a failure. — @StanMcChrystal [ tweet this ]
For any startup advice, ask yourself: Is the advice on how to succeed, or how not to fail? They're not the same thing! — @pmarca [ tweet this ]
Stories are what help us turn a brand promise, into a point of view, into a narrative that soars. — @jakesorofman [ tweet this ]
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others. — @BillGates [ tweet this ]
Sometimes our assumptions are screaming so loudly we can't hear the truth. — @_robin_sharma [ tweet this ]
Genius is a function of *communities* of people. Those that add, subtract, challenge and execute. — @nilofer [ tweet this ]
If you're the smartest person in the room, you're in the wrong room. — @KareAnderson [ tweet this ]
Your probability of success is proportional to number of people that want you to succeed. Work to keep increasing that number. — @dharmesh [ tweet this ]
Your network is the people who want to help you, and you want to help them, and that's really powerful. — @reidhoffman [ tweet this ]
You have to fight through some bad days to earn the best days of your life. — @LollyDaskal [ tweet this ]
Getting something wrong does not mean you have failed. Instead, you have just learned what does not work. — @claychristensen [ tweet this ]
You can't manage creativity. You need to manage for creativity. You need to create the space for it to emerge. — @ariannahuff [ tweet this ]
I'm here to build something for the long-term. Anything else is a distraction. — Mark Zuckerberg [ tweet this ]
Other people's judgments do not have to be your judgments. — @dorieclark [ tweet this ]
Make your product easier to buy than your competition, or you will find your customers buying from them, not you. — @mcuban [ tweet this ]
Follow Vala Afshar on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ValaAfshar
More:

On My 30th Birthday  30 Tips for Your 20sreddit
As I turn 30, I ask myself: When my 20s were yet to unfold, what do I wish I'd known, been told, or better understood?
While I have not heeded all of the pieces of advice that follow, some came instinctively, some were learned from watching other people, and plenty of insights are a consequence of plenty of mistakes.
What wisdom would be on your list? Share with me on Twitter (@PGSittenfeld) what you think can help people make the most of their first decade of adulthood.
1) Become friends with your parents. They no longer need to parent you in the same way as when you were growing up. There's a wonderful freedom in getting to know, appreciate, and value each other as adults.
2) Get comfortable and get good at working the phone. Old-fashioned, maybe, but it's by far the most high-impact mode of non-face-to-face communicating and for getting things done.
3) Invite friends and acquaintances over for meals. Your hosting performance need not be fancy; the act of simply breaking bread together is the important part.
4) Get enough sleep. The real world rewards performance, and squeezing more hours out of the day but ending up less rested and performing less well is a bad trade-off.
5) Be very intentional and thoughtful in identifying and defining your values. Take a piece of paper and write them down. Until you've given specific thought, those values might remain vague in your own mind.
6) It's fun to have a favorite TV show or two that you watch regularly, but it's highly doubtful you'll look back on your 20s and say, "I wish I'd watched more TV!"
7) Choose your friends, rather than letting proximity or routine choose them for you. It's one of the first times that school isn't dictating who you're around and interacting with.
8) Network like crazy -- you can almost certainly do more. Think of it this way: there are 21 meal slots a week, and that doesn't count daytime coffees and after work drinks. How many of those slots are you using to meet and get to know new and interesting people? Be sure to include thoughtful people whose perspectives are different from your own.
9) Live by yourself before living with your partner. It can be lonely, it can be liberating, but most of all, it enables important growth by getting to know yourself better and not simply in the context of circumstances dictated by others.
10) Know how you un-plug. Don't do something because it's supposed to be relaxing, but because it actually relaxes you.
11) Be careful about how you look for a significant other. Let's be honest: the odds aren't in your favor for meeting your soul mate at a bar after midnight. But having friends set you up on dates or being more thoughtful about matching interests through online dating can raise the odds.
12) Seeks out mentors -- ideally several.
13) Send as many hand-written notes as you can. In an increasingly impersonal world, they distinguish you, are appreciated, and are long-remembered.
14) Make every effort to go the weddings and significant occasions that you're invited to: if it's important to someone you value, it should be important to you.
15) There's no shame in getting laid off. Some smart and capable people will, and you might be one of them. Unless warranted, don't let it cause you to doubt yourself.
16) As an adult, your best friends can be totally new friends: duration alone doesn't determine the depth of a relationship.
17) That said, hold tight to your longtime friends, too. They, more than most others, can keep you on track and call it as it is.
18) Become a comfortable dancer. This is different than being a good dancer.
19) Make getting drunk increasingly rare behavior. Socializing over drinks is fine, normal, and fun. Regularly drinking as you might have in college isn't likely to serve you well.
20) Make a commitment to serving others: pick an organization, goal, or dream in your community. You'll feel good about helping, and you'll make a difference.
21) Find exercise that you genuinely enjoy -- because it only gets harder to find the time and motivation to do it.
22) Learn to cook adequately -- for your own survival; for wooing a significant other; and for sharing with friends.
23) Giving rides to the airport, no matter the hour, is something you do for your friends. Helping a friend move a couch up a staircase, on the other hand, is a fair place to draw the line.
24) Map out your plans and goals. Again, actually put pen to paper and be specific. What do you want to be doing and have accomplished when you're 30? And 40?
25) As your siblings and close friends have children, be a good, attentive aunt or uncle or role model. Do it for your relationship to the little ones, but also do it for your relationship with those important to you.
26) Don't be afraid to tell people, directly and specifically, how they can help you. This applies equally to co-workers, significant others, and mentors. Invite those people to lean on you as well.
27) Identify and forge a community for yourself outside of work. This can range from a trivia night team to a marathon training group to a Bible study group or so many other things. Have some regular engagement separate from your core daily responsibilities.
28) Increasingly focus on those qualities that make for a built-to-last relationship. This will demand drilling down from the more surface level question of "Am I having fun dating this person?" to "Do both of you offer the commitment and stability to grow together over time?"
29) Consciously make sacrifices for your significant other and for those most important to you -- but never keep score.
30) When someone is struggling or addressing a tough challenge, show up and be there for them. Don't be intimidated by thinking, "I don't know that to say to them." Your presence will convey: "I'm thinking about you, I'm there for you, and I want you to let me know what I can do to help."
Follow P.G. Sittenfeld on Twitter: www.twitter.com/pgsittenfeld
More:

Wall Street still hires mostly white menWall Street still hires mostly white men
By Gregory Wallace   @gregorywallace October 1, 2014: 10:26 AM ET
 
Wall St.'s new interns: Stay-at-home moms
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Perhaps it's no surprise, but first-year bankers at Wall Street's biggest firms are a very white and male bunch.
An analysis by the data-driven recruiting firm Vettery found that nearly two thirds of entry-level bankers hired this year are white.
Over three quarters -- 78% -- are male.
CNNMoney reached out to each of the big banks specifically mentioned in the report. Most did not comment, and none would provide their own diversity data.
The banks that did talk about the report disputed its accuracy and noted that the recruiting firm did not consult them or use their internal data.
Among the most recognizable firms, Deutsche Bank ( DB )'s class was rated the most white -- 70% -- and least Hispanic and black -- 4%. A spokeswoman responded that the bank "is committed to recruiting diverse talent" and that the figures "are inaccurate and do not reflect the true diversity of our 2014 analyst class."
Related: How to break into the white male private equity club
The industry's overall numbers are largely unchanged from recent years, said Alex Orn, Vettery's chief financial officer and lead author of the report.
This year, about 29% of new hires are Asian and 7% as Hispanic or black, numbers identical to the class of 2013 hires.
Sallie Krawcheck, once dubbed Wall Street's leading lady, has pointed out that banks went into the financial crisis "white, male and middle aged" and came out "whiter, male-er and middle age-er."
The preponderance of men in the industry comes even as young women are enrolling in college in larger numbers than young men.

Hrithik Roshan s HRX  Exceed ink partnership with MTB Himalaya Challenge 2014E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bond markets started pricing in US rate hike: RBIBond markets pricing in US rate rise: Reserve Bank
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 02, 2014 12:30 AM IST
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday said domestic bond markets had already factored in some of the impact of a possible interest rate rise in the US, following strong jobs data last month.
“A fair bit of bond prices have priced in what is likely to happen in the US,” RBI Deputy Governor Urjit Patel said in a post-monetary policy conference call. “The amount we are talking about is what has not been priced in. There are judgements on how much and how quickly the interest rates in the US will rise.”
RBI, however, clarified the monetary policy wouldn’t be decided on external factors. “Our policy will be determined solely by reading our inflation data point and projections thereof,” Patel said.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan, who also participated in the conference call, said as inflation data was released, the central bank would have a better view of things and adjust accordingly. “So, I shouldn’t assume we’re either biased towards raising rates or cutting rates at this point,” he said.
At its bi-monthly monetary policy review on Tuesday, RBI kept the repo rate unchanged at eight per cent, citing upside risks to its inflation target of six per cent by January 2016.
The central bank feels Indian markets will see some impact when the US starts raising policy rates. Any decision by the US Federal Reserve to raise rates, maintained at near-zero since December 2008, might have implications for emerging market economies such as India, as it could lead to capital outflows.
The debt market in India has been attracting foreign flows continuously. This year, debt flows have surpassed equity flows. The yield on the 10-year benchmark bond has been easing and the limit for foreign institutional investors (FIIs) in government bonds has nearly been exhausted. As such, now, flows are coming into corporate bonds.
Experts say some of these FIIs might pull out when the US starts raising interest rates, as FIIs have been investing in corporate debt in the two-three-year bracket to take advantage of arbitrage opportunities.
Against 8.55 per cent on September 1, the yield on the 10-year bond closed at 8.48 per cent on Wednesday. On Tuesday, it closed at 8.51 per cent.
“We want a steady increase in limits so that we understand what is happening and we see the market develop as these limits are increased. We think foreign portfolio investors are extremely important to market development,” Rajan said.
In July, RBI had raised FIIs’ sub-limit in government bonds by $5 billion, after the $20-billion limit was nearly exhausted. However, the overall limit for FII investment in government bonds was kept unchanged at $30 billion.
“Over a period of time, we will re-examine the limits and see what we can do,” Rajan said.
More flows into the corporate bond market would help develop it, Rajan said. “Given we set the limits for both markets carefully, I don’t see why just because the limit for the government debt market is full right now, we should diminish the limit for the corporate debt market,” he said.
Patel said as of now, there were no plans to include India in the global bond index, owing to issues pertaining to removing the ceiling on foreign investment in bonds. He added, “It is not an event that can happen very quickly. We did get a fillip recently from an upgrade in the outlook from a credit rating agency. I think we are in pretty good shape, even without being part of the index.”
Rajan said RBI was in talks with Euroclear, the world’s largest securities settlement system, to see if bond trading could be carried out. “The actual trades will be conducted in India, but the investor can work elsewhere. Let’s see how that plays out,” he said.
FINGERS CROSSED
RBI will re-examine FII limits on government bonds
Limits to be opened in a calibrated manner
FII flows coming into corporate bonds shall help develop the market
At the moment, no plans to be a part of any global bond index
Talking to Euroclear if actual trades could be conducted in India
Not biased towards either raising or cutting interest rates
Monetary policy stance to depend on inflation data

As Congress hits out at NCPs hidden agenda  BJP denies tacit ties with italliances and coalition
"Pulling the government down was very suspicious," says the former Maharashtra CM
The feud between the Congress and its former alliance partner, the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), has escalated with the former Chief Minister, Prithviraj Chavan, alleging that the NCP pulled out of the government to allow the BJP to govern the State through President’s Rule. “Pulling the government down was very suspicious.
By doing this, the NCP handed over the State to the BJP on a platter. In Jammu and Kashmir, when alliance partners decided to contest separately, they did not pull down the government,” Mr. Chavan said in an interview to The Hindu. Mr. Chavan asked, “What is the political compulsion to give such a clear advantage to the BJP?”

Former swachhata doot waits for a toilet in open-defecation-free districtLiteracy: 68.82%
Sanitation status: 283 of 334 villages won Nirmal Gram Puraskar; declared open-defecation-free in 2008
Six years ago, Premo Bai of village Theri Mor Singh was given a “lal seeti (red whistle)” as a “swachhata doot (community volunteer)” working on an intensive sanitation drive lasting two and a half months in Sirsa district. She wore it on a red thread around her neck. There was this old man in her village, Ratan Singh. “I remember the first time I found him, it was 5 am, around the time our daily patrolling would start. I followed him to the fields and whistled every time he would start squatting to defecate,” Premo recalls, to giggles from the crowd around her. It was the same the next day, with the old man begging her to let him be. She gave in, but on the third day, she did not relent. Putting her own embarrassment aside, she continued trailing him, firmly blowing her whistle every time Singh attempted to sit down. That day, he ended up soiling his dhoti. He cursed her, Premo says, but promised never to defecate in the open again.
Starting October 2007, the Sirsa District Rural Development Authority (DRDA) adopted this “shaming” strategy among other measures as part of the UPA government’s Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan (NBA) to achieve total sanitation. In the 2011 census, 87 per cent of the population in Sirsa was registered to be using toilets, the highest for a district in the country.
Those heady first days of the sanitation effort, however, are already long behind Premo. A BPL-card holder who was identified in 2010 as among those entitled to a Rs 9,100 subsidy to build a toilet at home, she is still waiting for her funds. Premo’s daughter who accompanied her during patrols as a swachhata doot is now 15. She dropped out of school three years ago after Class VI to help at home. Today she goes to the fields to relieve herself, with Premo accompanying her for security.
Ratan Singh died in 2011. His wife Najab Bai, 70, is back defecating in the open.
The expert opinion is that once initiated into using toilets, households do not go back to defecating in the open. Premo smiles at this. “In 2007-08, the pradhan would come with the district authorities everyday and promised us the first government toilets if we motivated others to stop going to the fields. But we never got the toilets. Instead, the landowning farmers became so ‘modern’, they don’t allow us into their fields anymore. Now we have to go to a canal 3 km away.”
Apart from whistling at defecators to shame them, the sanitation drive used measures such as mixing a glass of water with real faeces to continued…

Study: Monarch Butterflies Evolved in N. AmericaAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

No  the FCC may not ban the use of Redskins on radio and TV broadcastingBy Eugene Volokh October 1 Follow @volokhc
Prof. John Banzhaf has filed a petition asking the FCC to revoke the broadcast license of stations that use the word “Redskins.” Some “longtime participants in the FCC regulatory process” — including former FCC chair Reed Hundt — have likewise argued that,
It is impermissible under law that the FCC would condone, or that broadcasters would use, obscene pornographic language on live television. This medium uses government owned airwaves in exchange for an understanding that it will promote the public interest. Similarly, it is inappropriate for broadcasters to use racial epithets as part of normal, everyday reporting.
Current FCC chair Tim Wheeler has recently said (here I quote CNBC that,
We’ll be looking at that [Banzhaf] petition, we will be dealing with that issue on the merits and we’ll be responding accordingly….
There are a lot of names and descriptions that were used over time that are inappropriate today. And I think the name that is attributed to the Washington football club is one of those.
But whether or not “Redskins” is “inappropriate,” racist, or insulting, I think the FCC is barred by the First Amendment from forbidding it, or from considering its use as a factor in deciding whether to cancel a broadcast license. In the controversial FCC v. Pacifica Foundation decision (which both Justice Thomas and Justice Ginsburg have recently argued should be overturned), the Court did uphold a restriction on particular vulgarities (the famous “seven dirty words”). But the premise of the lead opinion was that those words were not being restricted because of the opinions or ideas that they supposedly convey:
The question in this case is whether a broadcast of patently offensive words dealing with sex and excretion may be regulated because of its content. Obscene materials have been denied the protection of the First Amendment because their content is so offensive to contemporary moral standards. But the fact that society may find speech offensive is not a sufficient reason for suppressing it. Indeed, if it is the speaker’s opinion that gives offense, that consequence is a reason for according it constitutional protection. For it is a central tenet of the First Amendment that the government must remain neutral in the marketplace of ideas. If there were any reason to believe that the Commission’s characterization of the Carlin monologue as offensive could be traced to its political content — or even to the fact that it satirized contemporary attitudes about four-letter words — First Amendment protection might be required.
The premise of the criticism of “Redskins” is precisely that it embodies a racist, demeaning message about American Indians (whether or not this is intended by those who use it), and that it offends because of this racist meaning. It thus is the speaker’s imputed opinion and supposed “political content” of the word that gives offense. A ban on such words isn’t just content-based, but viewpoint-based (since it is precisely the racist viewpoint underlying the term that makes it offensive), and is thus outside the Pacifica rule. And in R.A.V. v. City of St. Paul (1992), the Court stated more clearly what the Pacifica majority strongly applied: that viewpoint discrimination is generally unconstitutional even where some degree of content discrimination might be (see, e.g., footnote 6, and pp. 390-92).
And the FCC has in the past agreed that it may not restrict broadcast speech on the grounds of its supposed racism. For instance, in In re Fox Television Stations, Inc. (1993), the FCC ruled:
Similarly, we cannot deny grant of a waiver based on allegations, even if true, that Murdoch will practice, as he purportedly did under his former ownership of the Post, racist and inflammatory journalism. That is because we are proscribed from interfering with a newspaper’s exercise of freedom of expression. Near v. Minnesota, 283 U.S. 697 (1931). Even if such allegations were directed at WNYW, a broadcast station over whose content we do have a limited role, see, e.g., FCC v. Pacifica Foundation, 438 U.S. 726, 747 (1978), both the First Amendment and Section 326 of the Act forbid us from censoring subject matter and opinions relating to religious beliefs, race or national background, regardless of how offensive they may be, e.g., Thaddeus L. Kowalski, 46 F.C.C.2d 124 (1974), aff’d sub nom. Polish American Congress v. FCC, 520 F.2d 1248 (7th Cir.1975) [holding that broadcast of "Polack jokes" couldn't be restricted -EV], cert. denied, 424 U.S. 927 (1976), and from curbing expression, outside narrowly defined classes of speech, such as indecency, that does not involve “a clear and present danger of a serious substantive evil that rises far above public inconvenience, annoyance, or unrest.”
To be sure, I take it that a big part of the argument against “Redskins” is that it doesn’t really convey much of ideological significance, but is merely an offensive epithet. But the epithet — like the racist epithets that R.A.V. held couldn’t be censored in viewpoint-based ways — is offensive (to those who are offended by it in this context) precisely because of its allegedly racist ideology, and the call to suppress it stems precisely from the perception that it conveys this racist ideology. So whatever the force of Pacifica may be as to vulgarities (and I agree with Justices Thomas and Ginsburg that Pacifica ought to be overruled), I don’t think it applies to “Redskins.”
UPDATE: For a follow-up press release from Prof. Banzhaf, and my thoughts about what it says about FCC power to control broadcasting content, see this post .
FURTHER UPDATE: Steve Lovelady (CommLawBlog) notes that a 2006 FCC decision expressly declined to bar racial epithets: “Although we recognize that additional words, such as language conveying racial or religious epithets, are considered offensive by most Americans, we intend to avoid extending the bounds of profanity to reach such language given constitutional considerations.” And a precedent it cites (Complaint of Julian Bond, Atlanta NAACP, Letter, 69 FCC 2d 943 (Broadcast Bur. 1978)) expressly rejected the claim that “nigger” should be prohibited by analogy to the “seven dirty words.”
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Here is the full text of the Chinese Communist Partys message to Hong KongThe Future of Hong Kong
October 1, 2014
Quartz has examined the  harsh message  that the Chinese government sent to protesters in Hong Kong in an editorial warning them of “unimaginable consequences.” Now we have translated the full text of that editorial.
It’s a classic Communist Party political screed, full of vague terms, veiled threats, and arguments that are logically sound but rest on untenable assumptions. The piece was published on Oct. 1 in the People’s Daily, an official state newspaper and the same publication responsible for the government’s notorious April 26, 1989 message to Tiananmen Square protesters in Beijing. That message preceded the brutal crackdown on demonstrations on June 4, which killed hundreds or thousands , depending on estimates. As we note in our analysis, there are some striking similarities between these two documents.
We have also included a translation of the 1989 piece (by the Foreign Broadcast Information Service, a now-defunct part of the US Central Intelligence Agency ) for comparison, below.
*  *  *
Cherish positive growth: Defend Hong Kong’s prosperity and stability
People’s Daily editorial, October 1, 2014
In the early hours of September 28, residents of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region came together as part of an illegal gathering—so-called “Occupy Central”—disrupting social order and harming Hong Kong’s economic livelihood. “Occupy Central” will have negative consequences for Hong Kong and all its people. If it continues, these consequences will be unimaginable.
During this extraordinary moment, the people of Hong Kong should unite in supporting the law of the Special Administrative Region’s government and the firm decisions of its police force, and quickly restore public order. They should act in accordance with Hong Kong Basic Law and the provisions set out in the decision of the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress, in order to push for the development of a democratic system that suits the realities on the ground in Hong Kong.
“Occupy Central” has destroyed the foundations of society in Hong Kong. One of these foundations, the rule of law, is also one of Hong Kong’s core values. An extremely small number of “Occupy Central” people have, for their own self interest, ignored the law. They have incited the masses, paralyzed transportation, disrupted businesses, stirred up conflict, and interfered with the daily lives of Hong Kong people. This has gone so far as to threaten people’s safety, as well as their property. These activists ought to be held legally responsible for this unlawful behavior. Therefore, we first insist that we will resolutely support legal action taken by the government of Hong Kong to defend the Special Administrative Region’s core values and its people. We also advise that those responsible for “Occupy Central” and any other participants stop their illegal activities at once, and restore calm and order.
In Hong Kong, the channels of communication are wide open. Anyone who disagrees with the stance taken by the Standing Committee is more than welcome to use normal, sensible channels of appeal. To communicate, one ought not resort to extremes like “Occupy Central.” This is not communication, it is confrontation. By now, a small number of people in Hong Kong are insistent on resistance and provocation, and in the end they will suffer because of it.
“Occupy Central” has undermined Hong Kong’s unwavering prosperity. The vast majority of people in Hong Kong agree that economic growth and the improvement of people’s livelihoods are the most important challenges facing them today. But “Occupy Central” tosses aside economic growth and people’s wellbeing, and does immediate damage. It’s not fair that Hong Kong’s stock market tumbles day after day, with financial institutions being forced to temporarily shut down some operations. Many organizations have also cancelled trade and social events. The traffic and safety situation now in Hong Kong has led schools to close, even leading to the cancellation of the much-anticipated National Day fireworks. “Occupy Central” has shamed Hong Kong. If it continues, it will undoubtedly damage Hong Kong’s reputation as a hub of international business, directly harming the lives of everyday people.
“Occupy Central” will obstruct Hong Kong’s smooth transition to democracy. The Standing Committee’s August 31 decision on the general election of the Special Administrative Region’s chief executive is based on the provisions of the basic law, and was made with full awareness of the views of all the people of Hong Kong. It was made in accordance with the realities on the ground in Hong Kong, and is favorable to upholding its sovereignty, safety, economic growth, and long-term prosperity. It has unshakable legal status and validity. What the “Occupy Central” activists have done is to harm such legal foundations, impeding the way to the original goal of universal suffrage by 2017.
We hope all people in Hong Kong treasure and defend this favorable phase of stability and growth, act in accordance with basic law and the Standing Committee’s decision, behave reasonably and pragmatically, come to a common understanding, and join together in promoting a transition to democracy that suits the realities on the ground in Hong Kong.
*  *  *
It is necessary to take a clear-cut stand against disturbances
People’s Daily editorial, April 26, 1989
In their activities to mourn the death of Comrade Hu Yaobang, communists, workers, peasants, intellectuals, cadres, members of the People’s Liberation Army and young students have expressed their grief in various ways. They have also expressed their determination to turn grief into strength to make contributions in realizing the four modernizations and invigorating the Chinese nation.
Some abnormal phenomena have also occurred during the mourning activities. Taking advantage of the situation, an extremely small number of people spread rumors, attacked party and state leaders by name, and instigated the masses to break into the Xinhua Gate at Zhongnanhai, where the party Central Committee and the State Council are located. Some people even shouted such reactionary slogans as, “Down with the Communist Party.” In Xi’an and Changsha, there have been serious incidents in which some lawbreakers carried out beating, smashing, looting, and burning.
Taking into consideration the feelings of grief suffered by the masses, the party and government have adopted an attitude of tolerance and restraint toward some improper words uttered and actions carried out by the young students when they were emotionally agitated. On April 22, before the memorial meeting was held, some students had already showed up at Tiananmen Square, but they were not asked to leave, as they normally would have been. Instead, they were asked to observe discipline and join in the mourning for Comrade Hu Yaobang. The students on the square were themselves able to consciously maintain order. Owing to the joint efforts by all concerned, it was possible for the memorial meeting to proceed in a solemn and respectful manner.
However, after the memorial meeting, an extremely small number of people with ulterior purposes continued to take advantage of the young students’ feelings of grief for Comrade Hu Yaobang to spread all kinds of rumors to poison and confuse people’s minds. Using both big- and small-character posters, they vilified, hurled invectives at, and attacked party and state leaders. Blatantly violating the Constitution, they called for opposition to the leadership by the Communist Party and the socialist system. In some of the institutions of higher learning, illegal organizations were formed to seize power from the student unions. In some cases, they even forcibly took over the broadcasting systems on the campuses. In some institutions of higher learning, they instigated the students and teachers to go on strike and even went to the extent of forcibly preventing students from going to classes, usurped the name of the workers’ organizations to distribute reactionary handbills, and established ties everywhere in an attempt to create even more serious incidents.
These facts prove that what this extremely small number of people did was not to join in the activities to mourn Comrade Hu Yaobang or to advance the course of socialist democracy in China. Neither were they out to give vent to their grievances. Flaunting the banner of democracy, they undermined democracy and the legal system. Their purpose was to sow dissension among the people, plunge the whole country into chaos and sabotage the political situation of stability and unity. This is a planned conspiracy and a disturbance. Its essence is to, once and for all, negate the leadership of the CPC and the socialist system. This is a serious political struggle confronting the whole party and the people of all nationalities throughout the country.
If we are tolerant of or conniving with this disturbance and let it go unchecked, a seriously chaotic state will appear. Then, the reform and opening up; the improvement of the economic environment and the rectification of the economic order, construction, and development; the control over prices; the improvement of our living standards; the drive to oppose corruption; and the development of democracy and the legal system expected by the people throughout the country, including the young students, will all become empty hopes. Even the tremendous achievements scored in the reform during the past decade may be completely lost, and the great aspiration of the revitalization of China cherished by the whole nation will be hard to realize. A China with very good prospects and a very bright future will become a chaotic and unstable China without any future.
The whole party and the people nationwide should fully understand the seriousness of this struggle, unite to take a clear-cut stand to oppose the disturbance, and firmly preserve the hard-earned situation of political stability and unity, the Constitution, socialist democracy, and the legal system. Under no circumstances should the establishment of any illegal organizations be allowed. It is imperative to firmly stop any acts that use any excuse to infringe upon the rights and interests of legitimate organizations of students. Those who have deliberately fabricated rumors and framed others should be investigated to determine their criminal liabilities according to law. Bans should be placed on unlawful parades and demonstrations and on such acts as going to factories, rural areas, and schools to establish ties. Beating, smashing, looting, and burning should be punished according to law. It is necessary to protect the just rights of students to study in class. The broad masses of students sincerely hope that corruption will be eliminated and democracy will be promoted. These, too, are the demands of the party and the government. These demands can only be realized by strengthening the efforts for improvement and rectification, vigorously pushing forward the reform, and making perfect our socialist democracy and our legal system under the party leadership.
All comrades in the party and the people throughout the country must soberly recognize the fact that our country will have no peaceful days if this disturbance is not checked resolutely. This struggle concerns the success or failure of the reform and opening up, the program of the four modernizations, and the future of our state and nation. Party organizations of the CPC at all levels, the broad masses of members of the Communist Party and the Communist Youth League, all democratic parties and patriotic democratic personages, and the people around the country should make a clear distinction between right and wrong, take positive action, and struggle to firmly and quickly stop the disturbance.
Share this:

Frances unprecedented public spending cut is actually just a lower increaseKabir Chibber & Jason Karaian
October 1, 2014
The French government unveiled its 2015 budget  (pdf, in French) with a stern warning that enough is enough. The country “rejects austerity,” the finance ministry said, in a thinly-veiled attack on what it often portrays as a callous German invention . “No further effort will be demanded of the French.”
France promises  to bring down its budget deficit to the EU-imposed limit of 3% of GDP, from around 4% today, by 2017. It had promised to get there by 2015, after getting a two-year extension from the previous deadline of 2013. This time, bien sûr, it means it.
To boost its budget balance, finance minister Michel Sapin (pictured above) unveiled plans for an “unprecedented” €50 billion ($63 billion) in cuts from previously projected public spending over the next three years. But in absolute terms, spending will still grow by 0.2% between now and 2017. The government’s projection for a fall in spending as a percentage of GDP is down to assumptions about GDP growth and inflation, both of which have surprised to the downside recently (which makes debt and deficit metrics look worse).
Even so, as a share of its economy, France’s outsized state will remain outsized—compared with its neighbors, its supposedly unbearable budget squeeze looks more like a light pinch:

Pakistan violates ceasefire along LoC in Poonch districtPrint
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: October 1, 2014 10:17 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 1:59 am
After nearly a month long lull along the Line of Control (LoC), Pakistani troops resorted to heavy shelling on the Indian side at Saujjian in border Poonch district of Jammu Kashmir on Wednesday  night.
Significantly, the latest ceasefire violation by Pakistan has come within 24 hours after US President Barack Obama and India Prime Minister Narendra Modi during nearly two hour long meeting between them in Washington on Tuesday committed to “joint and concerted efforts that include dismantling safe havens for terrorists and criminal networks, disrupting financial and tactical support for Lashkar-e-Toiba, Jaish-e-Mohammed, D-company and Haqqani network”.
A Defence Ministry spokesman Lt Colonel Manish Mehta here confirmed ceasefire violation by Pakistan. In a statement, he said that Pakistani troops started firing in Saujjian at 6.40 pm. On being provoked, the Indian Army “responded appropriately’’,  he said and added that the exchange of fire between the two sides was continuing when reports last came in.
Meanwhile, sources said that Pakistani troops were using mortar shells causing panic in nearby residential areas where people were already hit hard by recent flood furry.  The border Poonch district has been the worst hit by recent natural calamity in Jammu region where flood fury not only led to death of a sizeable number of people, but also caused wide spread damage to public infrastructure and residential structures.
Earlier in August this year, both India and Pakistan had been engaged exchange of heavy firing both along the LoC and the international border in Jammu region. The unprovoked firing by Pakistan Rangers along the international border in R S Pura, Arnia and Ramgarh sectors had been intense resulting in migration by local villagers from many places.
The top BSF officials had described the Pakistani firing along the international border as “heaviest’’ since 1971 Indo-Pak war. While peace got restored along the borders following a flag meeting between the two sides at Suchetgarh on August 29, five days thereafter areas of Jammu Kashmir on both sides of the border were hit by flood fury, the worst ever in last six decades.
A Defence Ministry spokesman said the Pakistan troops started firing in Saujjian around 6.40 pm. They were using mortar shells causing panic in the nearby villages.

Anti-terror  trade top India-US talksPrint
Written by Ritu Sarin | Washington | Posted: October 1, 2014 10:11 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 10:19 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama have agreed to pursue a string of fresh initiatives and collaborate in critical areas of counter-terrorism, maritime security and defence, besides working for a substantial step-up in trade and investment.
Specific to India’s interest is a commitment by the US to exchange terrorist watch-lists, and target the use of fake currency and the Internet by terrorists. The two countries have also reiterated the need for Pakistan to bring the perpetrators of the Mumbai terror attacks to book.
The fine print in the seven-page joint statement issued on Tuesday shows that President Obama has pledged assistance on homeland security with modern technology to counter the threat of improvised explosive devices (IEDs). US-made mine-resistant, ambush-protected vehicles, are likely to help repel Maoist attacks.
In their joint media briefing at the Oval Office, the two leaders said their discussion covered a range of issues from resolving the impasse in WTO talks and job-led economic growth, to climate change and cooperation in defence and space.
Reaffirming their commitment to implement the civil nuclear agreement, they set up a Contact Group to expedite the setting up of US-built nuclear power plants in India.
“We already have the foundation of a strong partnership,” Modi, seated next to Obama, said. “We now have to revive the momentum and ensure that we get the best out of it for our people and for the world.”
The New York Times, however, reported that the Modi-Obama talks had yielded no solutions to thorny disputes over taxes, trade and civilian nuclear energy cooperation that have troubled the US and India in recent years. “And there was little sign that human rights — a particularly sensitive topic for Mr Modi, who has been accused of being complicit in deadly anti-Muslim riots — was a major item on the agenda,” the newspaper said.
It quoted Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, as having said at a media briefing, “Human rights and the importance of inclusive governance were part of the discussions between the President and the Prime Minister today.” The joint statement issued after the talks, however, made no mention of the issue, The New York Times added.
“The White House has grappled with the perceptions of a visit meant to spotlight the President’s high hopes for working with Mr Modi while not lavishing the full measure of White House pageantry on a leader who until recently was barred from entering the United States because of the allegations of human rights abuses more than a decade ago,” the newspaper said.
Concerns over China’s aggressive stance in the South China Sea were reflected in the joint statement, which said the two leaders had agreed to intensify cooperation in maritime security to ensure the freedom of navigation and unimpeded movement of lawful shipping and commercial activity.
Indian officials said the visit had been used to “intensify cooperation” in maritime security as continued…

They kept calling us Nigerians took turns to hit usPrint
Written by Prawesh Lama , Ananya Bhardwaj | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 10:08 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 10:22 am
Taking serious note of the attack on three students of African origin at the Rajiv Chowk metro station in New Delhi last Sunday, the ambassadors of Gabon and Burkina Faso have written to the Ministry of External Affairs “expressing deep concern” and urging the government to “work in close cooperation with police for a fair investigation”.
Desire Koumba, Gabon’s ambassador to India, confirmed that he and his Burkina Faso counterpart Idriss Raoua Ouedraogo had written to the MEA expressing concern over the incident.
Last Sunday, the three youths — Mapaga (22) and Yohan (22) from Gabon and Guira (20) from Burkina Faso — were nearly lynched by a mob at the Rajiv Chowk metro station in the presence of a policeman. Cornered and assaulted inside a police booth, they escaped with serious injuries on the head and arms. Mapaga was also bitten on the leg while they were being attacked with rods, glass shards, even tables.
Not one of their assailants has been arrested so far though video clips of the attack have gone viral on YouTube. Only a case of rioting, causing hurt and damage to public property has been registered by police.
On Wednesday, the three youths told The Indian Express that there was no truth to reports that they invited the attack by making lewd remarks at a woman on board a metro train.
They said it all began when they noticed three men trying to take their photographs with a mobile phone on board a metro as it was pulling into Rajiv Chowk. Mapaga said he objected.
“I could see the reflection of the mobile phone on the window pane behind them. They were giggling. They claimed they hadn’t taken our photograph. I told them that we do not like being photographed in such manner,” said Mapaga, a BBA student at Sharda University.
“When we were about to alight at Rajiv Chowk, one of them made a crude gesture. He was also making faces. My brother Yohan got angry and asked him why he was troubling us. The three men cornered and pushed him outside, where a police officer was standing,” he said.
There was a scuffle on the platform and the police took all six to a police booth. The three youths said they could not follow the conversation between the three men and the police since they were speaking in Hindi.
“They kept calling us ‘Nigerians, Nigerians’ before the police. I told them we were not Nigerians. By then, a mob had gathered outside the police booth where there was a lone officer. They were tapping the glass panel of the booth, daring us to step out. The officer left the booth and said something in Hindi to the mob. I saw men break into the booth,” said Guira, a programming student at NIIT. He sustained serious injuries on the head and wrists which had to be stitched.
Yohan, a BCA student at Amity, recalled the “nightmare” that followed. He said he bolted the police booth from inside to shut out the mob but continued…

100 Smart Cities: Delivering smartlyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PM Modi orders Aadhaar cards for all by June 2015Print
Written by Ruhi Tewari | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 12:04 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has directed the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) to ensure “universal coverage” under Aadhaar by June 2015.
According to government officials, the PM set the deadline at a high-level meeting chaired by him in the first week of September. The target was reiterated in the minutes of the meeting circulated to all the concerned departments. Directions have also been issued to the Registrar General of India to ensure enrolment in the concerned districts.
The current Aadhaar enrolment is about 68 crore, which means over 50 crore people will have to be brought under its ambit within the next eight months. Last month, the union cabinet set a target of 100 crore enrolment under Aadhaar by the end of next year. However, Modi’s direction shows his keenness to ensure complete coverage much sooner.
Sources linked this push to the number of schemes and initiatives that the NDA government is basing on Aadhaar. While the PM’s Jan Dhan Yojana is dependent on Aadhaar — wherein the beneficiaries can open their bank accounts using their 12-digit numbers and those who don’t have Aadhaar will first be enrolled under it by banks — the PMO has also directed that passports be linked to Aadhaar data.
The PM has also directed the Home Ministry to enrol prisoners across the country under the project. Aadhaar-based biometric attendance systems have been introduced for all central government employees as well. This is also an indication of the Modi government’s interest in taking forward the UPA’s ambitious Direct Benefits Transfer (DBT) scheme that is based on Aadhaar. Key government schemes like MGNREGS, pensions, scholarships, Public Distribution System and LPG have also been linked to the 12-digit number.
According to officials, while the UIDAI is ready in terms of its processing capabilities, ground level issues could be a matter of concern in meeting the target. “Enrolment in states like Uttar Pradesh and Bihar is very low — only 26 per cent and 16 per cent of the population respectively. Once it picks up in both these states, meeting the target would become easier,” said an official.
In UP, officials said, the state government is not active on this count, which is proving to be a huge constraint. In Bihar, state registrars will soon become active, thus speeding up the process. Banks across the country will also have to come on board and enrol people more proactively.
Officials also pointed out that with more schemes being linked to Aadhaar, the demand for enrolment would increase — both at the individual as well as government level.

Gasoline is cheap and getting cheaperGasoline is (relatively) cheap and getting cheaper
Gas prices
Chris Walker / Chicago Tribune
A Chicago motorist pumps gas at a BP station at Marine Drive and Lawrence Avenue on the North Side.
A Chicago motorist pumps gas at a BP station at Marine Drive and Lawrence Avenue on the North Side. (Chris Walker / Chicago Tribune)
Already cheap gas is expected to get cheaper this fall
Gas prices average a relatively cheap $3.47 per gallon in Illinois
Gas is dirt cheap at the pump right now (at least comparatively speaking) and could get even cheaper by year’s end, according to price watchers.
Tuesday, global crude oil prices plunged to their lower level in 27 months, closing at $95 per barrel, a more than $20 drop since June, according to GasBuddy.com, which tracks gasoline prices, helped along by lower demand and a drop in the price of corn for making ethanol.

Protesters to Hong Kong boss: Quit or we occupy buildingsProtesters to Hong Kong boss: Quit or we occupy buildings
Corp Bank to up focus on MSMEs  unbanked areasCorp Bank to up focus on MSMEs  unbanked areas
Maruti Suzuki Retails 109 742 units in September  2014Maruti Suzuki Retails 109 742 units in September  2014
Waiting for a rate-cut balmE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Need proof that a degree is worth it Check out these high-paying majors.By Jeff Guo September 29 Follow @_jeffguo
Is a four-year college degree worth it? Generally yes, but the results vary quite a bit across majors — and can even vary widely within majors.
That’s the takeaway from new research by Brad Hershbein and Melissa Kearney at The Hamilton Project. The authors analyzed Census Bureau data to find out which college majors earned the most and the least. Topping the list are the engineering fields, to no one’s surprise. Some of the least-earning majors are related to education, theater and art. Over a lifetime, the median expected earnings for a drama or theater arts major is lower than that of someone with a two-year associate’s degree.
But the report found that regardless of major, “median earnings of bachelor’s degree graduates are higher than median earnings of high school graduates for all 80 majors studied. This is true at career entry, mid-career and end of career,” the authors write.
“College degrees may not be a guarantee of higher income, but they come closer than just about any other investment one can make,” they add.
Early childhood education majors had the lowest median earnings, but still higher than the median earnings for people with only a high school degree. The researchers estimate that even when college costs are taken into account, the median early childhood education major still makes 10 percent to 15 percent more than the median American with just a high school degree.
This is the full chart of majors ranked by median lifetime earnings:
One thing to keep in mind is that these rankings exclude people with graduate degrees, which leaves out doctors, lawyers, and professors. This explains the somewhat low spot occupied by political science and government majors, a good chunk of whom go on to law school. If those students are taken into account, they tug the median earnings for the major above the median earnings for, say, architecture or nursing.
In this interactive from the Hamilton Project, which allows you compare up to four majors, you can include or exclude people with graduate degrees. The top chart shows what a median person makes in a year over the course of his or her career.
The researchers point out that for some majors, like those involved with primary education, annual earnings peak early in a career. Other majors see continuous growth, drama and earth science being two examples. “There is a remarkable pattern in the data: Initially low-earning majors tend to see the fastest earnings growth in early career, while initially high-earnings majors tend to see the slowest earnings growth,” the researchers write.
 
The bottom chart in the interactive is even more interesting. So far we have been talking about people at the median, or the 50th percentile of the earnings distribution. But what about everyone else? People in the same major don’t all make the same amount of money.
Some majors are particularly unequal. For instance, lifetime earnings at the 90th percentile of economics majors are 2.9 times those at the median. The wide spread indicates the diversity of jobs that economics majors fill — from public policy to finance. In contrast, for elementary education majors, earnings at the 90th percentile are only 1.6 times earnings at the median.
The range of earnings within each major is wide — about as wide as the spread we saw above in the charts comparing median earners in different majors. Put another way, a person at the 90th percentile for childhood education majors will quite handily outearn someone at the 10th percentile of computer engineering majors. In fact, at the 90th percentile, people with only a high school degree outearn any college majors at the 10th percentile.
The real message in these data is your college major is not your destiny. It takes some amount of grit to make it anywhere. Smart choices about which skills to acquire will get you some, but not all, of the way there.
Jeff Guo is a staff writer for Storyline. He's from Maryland (but outside the Beltway). Follow him on Twitter: @_jeffguo .
Next up

The crowd chose to torch my vehicle: BiharministerPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: October 2, 2014 12:35 am
Bihar Art and Culture Minister Vinay Bihari and dozens of other people were injured after a crowd went berserk during a cultural function at Tara Chandi under Rohtas on the intervening night of Monday and Tuesday.
Over 5,000 people had gathered at the event, organised by the culture department, that saw the performance of Bhojpuri singers. Chaos started when people in the middle and last rows were unable to hear the sound of the mike.
Police started a lathicharge after Rohtas SP Chandan Kushwaha was hit by a plastic chair thrown by the public. While the SP and the minister hid inside the stage to escape stone pelting, some people vented their ire by torching the minister’s vehicle.
Bihari, who was hit by a stone on his head, blamed his department secretary for “poor security arrangements and crowd management”.
He said, “I told my department secretary about the Tara Chandi function a month ago. But the district administration was informed only 24 hours ago, leading to this chaos. There were several vehicles parked but I wonder why the crowd chose to torch my vehicle. Police should find out if there was any foul play and if I was the target”.
Rohtas SP Kushwaha, however, said: “No individual was the target and there were several dignitaries attending the function. It may be because of arrangement problems but we are trying find out if antisocial elements provoked the crowd”. Police have arrested six people and have lodged a case against 500 unknown people.
Bihar DGP P K Thakur said Wednesday that Sasaram incident would be probed. “We have asked Rohtas SP to submit detailed report on the incident,” said the DGP.
Local BJP MLA Jawahar Prasad, who also attended the function, said there had been obvious security lapses.

Maggie Linton: A Voice Worth Hearingreddit
Anyone who listens to the Maggie Linton Show is familiar with this smooth voice that is welcoming, along with making the audience feel as if it's in the company of an 'ole friend.  Maggie is a seasoned SiriusXM radio veteran who relaxes her guest, engages her audience, and also provides assistance for new talent to have a comfortable place to begin.
Almost a year ago, I had the extreme pleasure of being interviewed by Maggie for the first time, which marked my debut on any media outlet. From our initial conversation until the time we were on-air, she demonstrated a personal concern for me as a guest, and during our interview her conversational style allowed me (and I'm sure all of her guests) to be at ease to deliver my personal best.
Maggie could easily take an "I already made it" attitude toward her potential guest, but she doesn't do it.  This lack of attitude or superiority isn't something that's always provided to someone who is trying to receive a media appearance opportunity.  Therefore, based on my experiences with Maggie, I wanted to learn more about the reasons that she is more than willing to give many their first chance.
Maggie originally wanted to be a civil rights attorney.  However, unsure of this career path, she changed her college major several times before she explored radio, television, and film.  In an initial broadcasting class, she was fortunate to receive an opportunity to obtain employment at a commercial radio station. Maggie didn't have the skills for the job, but she was curious by nature and also possessed a gift of gab. In describing the importance of taking advantage of opportunities, she said, "If you find something that you think will work out and everything is not in place at that point... go for it."
After about two years honing her skills, Maggie was offered a job to deliver the news, but she wasn't interested in this position. Nevertheless, at that moment, she let the organization know about her interest in other broadcasting opportunities -- as long as it wasn't reporting the news.  Shortly thereafter, Maggie was offered opportunities to be on television as a community affairs director and a weekend sports anchor. While Maggie reflected on these opportunities, she said, "If I hadn't taken a risk... I would never be where I am today."
She added very quickly, "You got to know how to speak up. I'm a firm believer in people don't know what you want to do until you tell them." Maggie also said, "Don't ever doubt yourself, because no matter where you go you're going to have to be trained on their system." Furthermore, she told me that individuals who want to improve their skills should learn as much as possible to develop their breadth of knowledge.
Early in her career, Maggie wanted to work at ESPN, but that never happened.  However, she said that things still worked out for her, but in a different direction than she had planned.  Maggie commented on her different career path by saying, "Remember that the dream may be deferred, but not denied. Have patience, but continue to hone your skills and eventually the opportunity will open up."
Maggie went on to stress the importance of individuals owning their career destiny and also not being shy about communicating their desires to anyone with the authority to approve a request.
It's evident in Maggie's pleasant demeanor that she loves to help others succeed; therefore, she's more than willing to give an individual an opportunity that might not be provided elsewhere.  Solidifying this point, Maggie said, "If there is an opportunity for me to assist in any way then I'm there."  It's very clear by our interview and our previous interactions that she loves to be part of someone's positive journey.
In asking Maggie about her willingness to interview new talent, she said, "If I find them interesting, hopefully others will find them interesting too. You never know who is listening who may need that extra help." She added that her ongoing thought is, "If that one push helps them to have a better life, then I've accomplished what I want to."
As our interview was near completion, Maggie provided advice for individuals who are about to start a new career adventure:
"Keep an open ear for everything.  If you don't know what you're doing find someone who is willing to mentor you."
"Anybody can get into the room, but do you have the chops to stay there."
"Keep knocking; you only need one 'yes.'"
"Don't let people tell you what you can't do.  Decide what you want to do and go for it.  People will tell you all the time you can't or will stand in your way.  Find people that are like-minded and move your life and career ahead."
"Always believe in a higher-being, as you don't walk this earth by yourself."
"Don't be afraid to help someone else also succeed or have their dreams come true."
Maggie is a powerful voice on the radio and a dynamic personality.  Her advice and wisdom are inspirations that must be heard.  After our interview, I am inspired to do so much more.
Maggie's wisdom will continue to provide inspiration for many others to be inspired, too.
Remember, no matter the length of your journey, always be your best!
This post originally appeared on S. L. Young's blog on his website at: www.slyoung.com
Follow S. L. Young on Twitter: www.twitter.com/slyoungva
More:

GM Says Parts Are Ready to Fix Recalled Small CarsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

5 Genius Lessons From the World s Greatest Business Thinkerreddit
BusinessWeek calls him "the man who invented management."
He advised the heads of GM, Sears, General Electric, IBM, Intel, and the American Red Cross. And in 2002, President Bush -- who was a follower of his teachings -- gave him the Presidential Medal of Freedom. The man is Peter Drucker.
And to see why Bush and so many executives look to Drucker's work for guidance, here are five of the best lessons from the man himself... lessons that may very well change the way you think about business, forever.
1. "Results are obtained by exploiting opportunities, not by solving problems. "
Problem-based thinking: How can we divide this cake fairly?
Opportunity-based thinking: How can we bake more cakes?
If you focus on problems, at best you maintain the status quo. If you focus on opportunities, you achieve results above and beyond what already exists.
Ask yourself: Are you spending most of your time putting out fires and focusing on problems -- or are you focusing on exploring new opportunities?
2. "There is surely nothing quite so useless as doing with great efficiency that which should not be done at all."
Managing your time is less about doing things right, and more about doing the right things. Before you try to optimize your schedule, look at it first to see what you can cut-out all-together.
What are you doing on a daily basis that you can eliminate? Delegate? If you stopped doing it right now, would your life change much?
3. "Most of what we call management consists of making it difficult for people to get their work done."
Every management system you put in place should make the jobs of your employees easier to do, not harder. If you have to keep pushing people to do things your way -- maybe it's the wrong way.
What procedures do you have in place that rarely get done? Should you reconsider if they are even necessary?
4. "Entrepreneurship is 'risky' mainly because so few of the so-called entrepreneurs know what they are doing."
So many people just want to "start a business" -- they take out a loan, open up a bakery, and then it's out of business a year later. Then they chalk it up to bad luck or a bad economy.
But how about this? What if you spent more time sharpening your axe before trying to cut down the tree? What if you spent a month devouring The Lean Startup by Eric Reis and Pour Your Heart Into It by Howard Schultz? You can take some of the risk out of the equation (not all) with one word: reading.
Are you spending as much time reading as you should? Mark Cuban says he reads three hours a day -- how do you compare?
5. "It takes far more energy to improve from incompetence to mediocrity than it takes to improve from first-rate performance to excellence."
It's easier to go from good to great than from bad to good. So focus on growing your talents into strengths instead of trying to be a 'well-rounded' person.
A person who is good at a lot of things is replaceable. A person who excels in something is indispensable.
In what areas are you already good at? What can you do to turn those things into your super-powers?
What did you think?
Which Drucker quote spoke to you most? Which one was spot on?
And more interestingly -- which one do you disagree with?
Share your insights in the comments below.
============================================================
Alex Banayan is the author of a highly anticipated business book being released by Crown Publishers (Random House, Inc.) The book chronicles his five-year quest to track down Bill Gates, Lady Gaga, Warren Buffett, Steven Spielberg, and a dozen more of the world's most successful people to uncover the secrets of how they launched their careers.
To get exclusive content from the book and the latest from Alex's adventures, click here to join his Inner Circle email community.
============================================================
(Photo Credit: Saul Loeb/ AFP Photo)
Follow Alex Banayan on Twitter: www.twitter.com/alexbanayan
More:

New York City Should Lead on Banning Credit Discriminationreddit
Discrimination has no place in New York City.
The City's Human Rights Law is one of the strongest bodies of civil rights law in the nation, and the City Council and mayor have taken bold action to update it to address emerging forms of discrimination . So it's entirely appropriate that New York City is now poised to pass the nation's strongest law prohibiting employment discrimination against job applicants and current employees based on their personal credit history. And while employment credit checks may look like a relatively new form of discrimination, their effect of disproportionately locking people of color , people with disabilities , and domestic violence survivors out of job opportunities is all too familiar.
At first glance, the prospects for New York City's bill to stop credit discrimination in employment appear bright. The legislation, sponsored by Councilman Brad Lander, has 39 co-sponsors on the City Council plus the backing of Public Advocate Letitia James . Mayor de Blasio has announced that he supports the concept of the bill .
But the real question is whether this legislation will be enacted in its current, strong form or will -- like so many state laws on employment credit checks -- be watered down to enable discrimination to continue in a host of different contexts, despite the lack of evidence that reviewing personal credit history can ensure a more trustworthy or reliable workforce for any employer or position. Indeed, the de Blasio administration has publicly stated that exemptions to weaken the law are under consideration. While it makes sense for lawmakers to consider the experience of other jurisdictions in restricting the use of credit history in employment, the truth is that the exemptions in other state laws are not justified by evidence demonstrating that credit checks are actually valid or useful, or that there is a legitimate reason to open up the exempted positions to the type of discrimination that credit checks invite. Drawing on my recent memo to city policymakers , let's consider each of the common exemptions found in many state laws on employment credit checks:
Credit checks are not justified for employees handling cash or goods. A number of state laws include exemptions permitting credit checks for employees that handle cash or have access to valuable property. These exemptions are based on the mistaken premise that reviewing a job applicant's personal credit report can predict whether someone is likely to steal. However, as a spokesperson for TransUnion, one of the major credit reporting companies, admitted to the Oregon State Legislature : "We don't have any research to show any statistical correlation between what's in somebody's credit report and their job performance or their likelihood to commit fraud." The financial crisis and the Great Recession caused millions of Americans to be laid off from their jobs, see their home values plummet to less than their mortgage debt, and find their savings and retirement accounts decimate -- all of which can affect credit history. These are largely factors that are outside an individual's control and have no reflection on someone's "moral character" or their propensity to steal.
Credit checks are not justified for employees with access to financial information. The rationale for checking credit when hiring for positions with access to financial or other confidential information is the same as for employees who handle cash -- a belief that poor credit can predict whether an employee will misuse information to steal or commit fraud. The credit reporting industry frequently cites the amount of money businesses lose to fraud annually to illustrate the seriousness of the problem. However, as discussed above, there is no evidence that reviewing credit reports is an effective tool to screen out fraud-prone employees.
Credit checks are not justified for management positions. Permitting credit checks for management or supervisory positions puts a ceiling on the advancement of people struggling to pay their bills, regardless of their qualifications. This is particularly troubling given racial disparities in credit quality . A persistent legacy of discriminatory lending, hiring, and housing policies has left people of color with worse credit, on average, than white households. In recent years, historic disparities have been compounded by predatory lending schemes that targeted low-income communities and communities of color, putting them at greater risk of foreclosure and default on loans, further damaging credit. By evaluating prospective employees based on credit, employment credit checks can further extend this injustice. Given the discriminatory impact of employment credit checks, creating exemptions for management or supervisory positions could statutorily create two tiers of job opportunity depending on race and class. In effect, exemptions that permit credit checks for managerial or supervisory positions would keep people who are struggling to pay their bills stuck on the bottom rungs of the job ladder, no matter how skilled they may be.
Credit checks are not justified for law enforcement positions. Despite a lack of evidence that reviewing personal credit history can reveal how responsible, honest, or reliable an applicant will be on the job, many police departments  continue to conduct credit checks and reportedly disqualify candidates with poor credit. This is particularly dangerous because using a faulty screening tool such as credit history may provide a false sense of security to law enforcement agencies if they erroneously believe a credit check will help to prevent them from hiring dishonest officers vulnerable to corruption. In addition, racial disparities in credit quality mean that the use of employment credit checks may make it more difficult for law enforcement agencies to hire and promote a diverse police force that reflects the jurisdiction it is policing. As law enforcement agencies across the country continue to face decades-old concerns about sufficient opportunities for people of color to be hired and promoted within their ranks, the use of employment credit checks exacerbates this core civil rights concern.
Credit checks are not justified for employees of financial institutions. Like other exemptions, a carve-out allowing banks and other financial institutions to continue doing credit checks is based on the misconception that someone who has faced financial challenges in their own life will not be a good employee at a financial institution. In fact, financial services is the only specific industry to have been the subject of a rigorous academic study: the research, published in the Psychologist-Manager Journal in 2012  analyzed employees holding jobs falling within a "financial services and collections" job category of a large financial services organization. The study found that information in the credit reports of these employees had no relationship with employee performance or employee terminations for misconduct (or any other negative reason). In other words, credit reports do no predict job performance in a financial services job.
Broad standards-based exceptions are entirely unjustified. The worst categories of exceptions are those that permit credit checks based on broad standards, such as "relevance," "fiduciary duty" or "substantially job related." These exceptions are even less justified than exceptions for specific job categories, because they are overly expansive and leave many workers unprotected from the unfairness of employment credit checks.
New York City has an opportunity to lead the nation in a progressive direction by enacting the nation's strongest law prohibiting credit discrimination. Instead of mimicking weakened state laws, New York should look to Senator Elizabeth Warren's inspiring Equal Employment for All Act  for model legislation that bans credit discrimination without exemptions. In fact, the only major difference between New York City's current strong bill and Senator Warren's is that in the current legislative climate, New York's bill stands a better chance of becoming law.
Follow Amy Traub on Twitter: www.twitter.com/AmyMTraub
More:

Why it is so important to get to see see your life on screen 
Amy Landecker, left, and Jeffrey Tambor appear in a scene from “Transparent.” (Amazon Digital, Beth Dubber/Associated Press)
In the ninth episode of “Transparent,” Amazon’s lovely new show about a transgender woman named Maura (Jeffrey Tambor) coming out to her family,  an older man named Ed (Lawrence Pressman) tells a specific and fairly dirty joke during a flashback scene. I doubled over giggling, not just because the joke is quite funny, but because I have heard it before from my father.
These are tiny moments, particularly compared to the experiences of transgender people and their families, who are getting to see a part of their experience that has never before been portrayed on American television. But these shocks, be they seismic or just static electricity, are a great reminder of why people advocate so fiercely for their own experiences to be portrayed on screen.
It can be a little depressing to recognize that the experiences that felt particular to you, even to the point of changing your life, are actually rather common. Every generation has a trite pop song that is elevated in the collective memory by virtue of how its release coincided with our departures for college or the moment when a critical mass of our friends started to get engaged. Everyone goes through bad breakups. Everyone fights with their parents in a relatively small number of specific ways.
But even if pop culture can make you recognize that your life is a bit of a cliché, it is also a powerful validation that you are not alone and that other people see your perspective, your struggles and your values as important and interesting.
I do not necessarily need to know that other people know my father’s sick jokes (he tells a couple that as far as I know are still specific to our family), but I appreciate knowing that “Transparent” creator Jill Soloway, at least, shares some of our family’s  sense of humor. But when what you are looking to have affirmed is not so much your uniqueness but rather the fact that you are far from alone, these moments of recognition can be lifesaving.
In “Transparent,” Maura makes her first cross-dressing friend, Marcy (Bradley Whitford) when they find each other in the same aisle at a magazine store. The existence of a culture that reflects their wishes helps both of them find real-world spaces where they can take their real identities out for a spin.  It also serves to connect them to other people who help them sort out their identities. For Maura, that means living as a woman full-time, while for Marcy, cross-dressing is a kink rather than a way station on the journey towards gender transition.
The sudden and delightful presence of transgender characters in shows like “Transparent,” “Glee” and “Orange Is The New Black” communicates to viewers at home not just that transgender people exist, but help to explain issues ranging from bathroom access in high schools to hormone availability in prison. If these characters demonstrate the substantial barriers that trans people still face, they are a forceful testimony that there are solutions available to these problems.
And on a blunter economic level, seeing your experience on screen also suggests that you and people like you have reached a certain threshhold.
If a big entertainment company is going to spend millions of dollars producing a television show or movie about you, and then many more dollars distributing and advertising it, that means you and your community have the economic clout to make such a product viable. A show like “Transparent” or a movie like the arch campus race comedy “Dear White People” exist because both transgender people and black college students and the people who are interested the stories and experiences of those communities have a certain pool of money that command the entertainment industry’s attention.
Wanting art to be “relatable” is not simply about wanting to be spoon-fed or to avoid venturing outside of your comfort zone , whether you define the boundaries of it by race, gender, emotional complexity or the specific contours of your favorite fantasy. Those sorts of gut-checks can be about reaffirming your power and comfort if you are in a position of great privilege. If you are not, seeing yourself on screen or on the page is a confirmation that it is possible to survive and find a community at all.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Dow Drops 200 Points on Lackluster Economic NewsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Alcatel and Mozilla launch Fire C 2G smartphone exclusively on FlipKart  price it at Rs1 990The Fire C2G features a 3.5-inch screen, 1 Ghz processor, 1.3MP camera and comes with FM radio.
New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 10:59 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 4:49 pm
Alcatel Onetouch and Mozilla today unveiled Fire C 2G smartphone with Firefox OS in the affordable smartphones category.
The smartphone will be available exclusively through FlipKart and is priced at Rs 1,990.
The multilingual ‘Fire C 2G’ features Firefox OS at entry-level price. It has 3.5” HVGA screen and 1 GHZ Processor.
The company claims that complete with mobile broadband and stereo FM radio RDS, the Fire C 2G offers all of the features needed to capture, share and enjoy content.
Firefox is totally a web HTML based OS which gives best user experience on-the-go. A Unique Dynamic UI will be a Big Plus for the phone.
FIRE C – 2G features:

Small Businesses Scramble to Keep Top StaffersAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Report IDs  Major Weaknesses  at Nuclear-Arms LabAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

SaskPower to launch carbon capture plantSaskPower to launch C$1.4bn carbon capture and storage project
By Pilita Clark, Environment Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6694b702-4976-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Coca-Cola yields to investor ire on pay© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/751d9878-498c-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fancy an American diversity visa The odds of scoring one are remarkably lowOctober 1, 2014
This post has been corrected.
If you’re looking for inroads to become a US resident, this little-known fact may come as good news: The US State Department offers a diversity visa, which opened its 2016 lottery today. Each year, it gives 50,000 non-US residents with certain diversity-boosting qualifications a green card.
The terms are pretty specific. For one thing, only people  from countries whose citizens generally aren’t interested in coming to the US may apply. So, tough luck for China (with the exception of Hong Kong and Taiwan), South Korea, India, Brazil, Mexico, and the UK. Also, you need to have  (pdf) at least a high school diploma (or the equivalent of one) or have had at least two years of work experience in the past five years, and that work experience must follow two years of relevant training or experience.
Not surprisingly, a lot of people want in, which makes the odds of actually scoring one of these green cards pretty slim. Last year, for instance, there were over nine million applicants from 190 qualifying countries. From that, the State Department randomly chose 125,514 people in a lottery to apply for 50,000 green cards, which are distributed by region. No more than 7% of a region’s visas can come from a single country, which makes the odds of winning a visa from some countries less likely than others.
For some perspective, here are a few things that have similar odds (this assumes everyone who was selected to apply for a visa did, and takes into consideration that selected applicants from one country cannot exceed 7%):
If you’re from Kyrgyzstan, you have a slightly higher chance of being on a plane with a drunken pilot than getting a visa.
Applicants from Qatar and Norway have about the same odds of getting a green card as they have of finding a four-leaf clover .
There’s a greater chance that the US’s social security system will accidentally mark you as dead  than for applicants in Liechtenstein, Belize, the Maldives, and Laos to get the visa.
Those from Seychelles, Paraguay, and Swaziland have a higher chance of dying by choking  (pdf) from inhalation or eating than getting the visa.
Correction, Oct. 3, 2014: The original version of this post misstated the number of people that the State Department people chose by lottery as eligible to apply for diversity visas. The correct number is 125,514.
Share this:

US Ebola patient had contact with kids: governorUS Ebola patient had contact with kids: governor
Strides Arcolab gets import alert from USFDAStrides Arcolab gets import alert from USFDA
BS Reporter | Bangalore Oct 02, 2014 12:44 AM IST
Strides Arcolab, a Bangalore-based mid-size publicly-held pharmaceutical company, has received a shocker from the US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) in the form of an import alert on one of its skin-care products. The company has, however, said the product is not meant for the US market and it has approval to supply to a customer only in Africa.
"The products mentioned in the Import Alert by USFDA are manufactured by our Italian subsidiary Beltapharm for an African customer for over five years and we are working with the USFDA and the African customer, on the circumstances on how these products reached the US market. Strides further wishes to clarify that it has no role in the distribution of any of these products in the US territory," Strides said in a statement.
The company added that its Italian subsidiary has only one Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA)-approved product, Imiquimod cream, for the US market and this product has been recently launched and is freely available. Besides Strides' instance of being under the USFDA scanner, large-cap pharma companies from India including Ranbaxy and Wockhardt have also been under severe pressure over various issues with the USFDA.
This is the second instance of Strides being under the USFDA scanner in the recent past after its Bangalore facility received a Form 483 and subsequently a warning letter. The facility has since been sold to US-based generics major Mylan as part of a $1.6-billion deal to sell the specialties business.
As a result of the issue with USFDA, Mylan recently withheld $100 million as part of a $250-million payout, which was supposed to come into Strides' books. Although Strides is yet to give an official statement on why the payout was curtailed, industry analysts indicate Mylan might have to spend a large sum on sprucing up the facility to meet USFDA standards and, hence, had held back the $100-million payout.
Over the past few years, Strides has been aggressively re-organising its structure after a series of complex acquisitions and divestment including the deal with Mylan in December 2013. The other day, Strides announced another Rs 1,200-crore acquisition of Chennai-based Shasun Pharmaceutical in an all-stock transaction.
The Strides stock closed at Rs 713.90 a share on the National Stock Exchange.

The visit  thearrivalI feel the need to do this because of the number of people I have met in the past few days in New York and Washington who have asked how Modi has “such confidence, such sophistication”.
Written by Tavleen Singh | Posted: October 2, 2014 12:37 am
 
In the US, Modi changed India’s image, and his own.
The advantage of being a veteran in journalism is that it enables perspective. So with the privilege this gives me, I am going to examine for you Narendra Modi’s visit to the United States against the backdrop of visits by other Indian prime ministers to foreign lands. I feel the need to do this because of the number of people I have met in the past few days in New York and Washington who have asked how Modi has “such confidence, such sophistication”.
They speak not of the “sophistication” a certain genre of Indian takes pride in that allows them, for instance, to tell the difference between a Louis Vuitton bag and a Gucci. Nor of the kind of confidence that makes this same genre of Indian proud of speaking English perfectly while being unable to speak their own mother tongue. In the Modi context, what people mean by sophistication is the confidence with which he has dealt with complicated international issues on this visit. And, the confidence with which he has spoken of India’s flaws. The absence of toilets and sanitation, the filthy streets of our cities and the horrible pollution in our rivers.
“When people ask me what my vision is, I tell them I am just a chaiwallah, a small man who can only think of small things,” he said to thunderous applause in Madison Square Gardens. He then added that what he did know was that he wanted to do big things for small people. He listed his “safai abhiyan” and his determination to clean the Ganga among these big things. And, as I listened I thought of how different his language is to that of earlier prime ministers who spent their visits to foreign countries pretending that India had no flaws.
From the time of Jawaharlal Nehru, they came to foreign capital cities and saw wide avenues and dazzling monuments and either from shame or false pride, reminded their hosts of India’s “ancient civilisation”, as if this compensated for her modern squalor. When they came back to India they did nothing to change the things that really matter. They did not build the roads or the sewage systems or ensure that our cities looked like real cities and not endless, ugly shanties. But, they were feted and honoured for holding “India’s head high in the comity of nations”. This was a remark Pupul Jayakar famously made about Indira Gandhi, but it was made of other prime ministers continued…
It is ironic that India’s least educated, most provincial prime minister has done more to change the way the world looks at India than his educated, ‘sophisticated’ predecessors.

3 officers killed as Army helicopter crashes inUPThe wreckage of the Army helicopter which crashed in Bareilly on Wednesday. Source: PTI
Written by Pranav Kulkarni | Bareilly | Posted: October 2, 2014 12:32 am
A Cheetah helicopter belonging to an Army aviation unit in Bareilly district of Uttar Pradesh crashed shortly after it took off on Wednesday morning, killing all three officers on board.
Sources said the helicopter crashed few kilometres from Bareilly around 7.45 am. They said it was on a “maintenance sortie”.
The three officers who were killed were identified as Major Abhijai Thapa, 29, Major Vikas Varyani, 29 and Captain Avinash Somavanshi, 26. According to an officer, Thapa and Somvanshi were pilots and Variyani was an engineer officer. Varyani belonged to Jaipur, Thapa was from Himachal Pradesh and Somavanshi was from Solapur in Maharashtra. Their bodies will be flown to their hometowns on Thursday, sources said.
“General Dalbir Singh, the Chief of Army Staff, and all ranks of the Indian Army express their heartfelt condolences to the grief-stricken families. We pray that god give them the courage and strength to bear this terrible loss,” said the official Twitter handle of Additional Directorate General of Public Information, IHQ of MoD (Army), confirming the identities of the three officers.
Sources said the three officers were on a maintenance sortie. “They had taken off once and landed. And when they went for another sortie, the crash happened almost immediately after the take-off. They died on the spot,” an MoD official said.
The Army has ordered an inquiry into the crash. Sources said that prima facie the cause of the crash appeared to be technical, but the exact cause will be determined only after the inquiry. “It is too early to arrive at determining the cause of the crash,” said an Army official.
The Cheetah-Alouette II is a light helicopter originally manufactured by Sud Aviation and later Aérospatiale, both of France.
The Cheetah has been extensively used in the Himalayas, where it is operating at altitudes beyond 20,000 ft and in Siachen it is the backbone of Army’s strategic military presence.
The Army has for long been pressing for the need to replace these ‘60s helicopters. In fact, in 2007, the then defence minister A K Antony had said in the Rajya Sabha that the “government proposes to withdraw Chetak and Cheetah helicopters from the Army, because the existing fleet of helicopters is of 1960s and 1970s vintage and hence, inadequate for the present operational requirement of the Indian Army”.
Notable accidents involving Cheetah-
January 2003- an Army Aviation Cheetah crashed in Baroda. An inquiry established technical defect as the cause
A Cheetah helicopter of the Indian Air Force (IAF) crashed on April 22, 2004 near LoC in Jammu and Kashmir. The cause of the crash was Human Error.
May 2012 – An army pilot was killed and another injured when the Cheetah helicopter they were flying crashed on the Siachen Glacier, the world’s highest battlefield.

A sarkari campaign aboutusPrime Minister Narendra Modi will launch on October 2 the abhiyan that would involve all citizens — from government functionaries and officials to school and college students. Source: Express
Written by Yogendra Yadav | Posted: October 2, 2014 12:26 am
The real question is not why government wants to push the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, but what it wants to pack into this campaign and how it will approach the issue.
I called Raavanji and Bezwada Wilson to see what they thought of the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan to be launched today on Gandhi Jayanti. Raavanji or Darshan Ratna “Raavan” has started a socio-religious movement, the Adi-Dharma Samaj. Aimed at drawing the next generation of scavenging communities away from this degrading occupation, it has done pioneering work to spread awareness about education and deaddiction. Wilson Bezwada, also from a safai karmachari family like Raavanji, started the Safai Karmachari Andolan, the organisation that spearheads the campaign to eradicate manual scavenging. Over the years, they have guided me in thinking about the life and livelihood of communities engaged in scavenging.
Both of them were unimpressed with the official Swachh Abhiyan. “This is just a recycled version of the UPA’s Nirmal Bharat campaign,” said Wilson. He thought it was about the manufacturers (who build toilets) and customers (who use facilities), not about service providers (who do the cleaning). Raavanji was peeved at the choice of a Valmiki colony to launch the campaign. “This is yet another way of stigmatising the community and reaffirming its connection to this degrading occupation”, he said.
But I did not fully share their scepticism. Activists tend to be overcritical. When the prime minister spoke from the Red Fort about the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and the need for toilets for girls, it resonated with many Indians like me. At long last, a PM was talking about a real, mundane problem that affects peoples’ everyday lives. Granted, every sarkari function has a degree of tamasha and farce built into it. Yet, a campaign like this one can serve to focus on an issue that badly needed national attention. The sight of a national political leader picking up a broom can be empowering and liberating. So, the real question is not why the government wants to push the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan. The real question is what the government wants to pack into this campaign, and how it is going to approach this issue.
For this campaign to be effective, the issue of cleanliness has to be approached differently. It must not be cleanliness just for you and me, the middle-class consumers of civic amenities who encounter dirt as they step out of their homes and gated colonies. The focus must shift to the aam aadmi, who lives and earns a living in highly unhygienic conditions. The focus must also be continued…

Nobel summit cancelled as South Africa denies visa to DalaiLamaPrint
The venue of the 14th World Summit of Nobel Peace laureates has been shifted out of South Africa and the new venue for the summit would be announced later,” Nobel Peace laureate Jody Williams said in Dharamsala (Source: Express Photo by Swati Chandra
PTI | Dharamsala | Posted: October 2, 2014 12:23 am
The World Summit of Nobel Peace laureates, scheduled for this month in South Africa, has been cancelled and shifted out of the country due to the denial of a travel visa to Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama.
“The venue of the 14th World Summit of Nobel Peace laureates has been shifted out of South Africa and the new venue for the summit would be announced later,” Nobel Peace laureate Jody Williams of the US told reporters in Dharamsala.
“The summit has been cancelled after the woman Nobel laureates boycotted the event protesting South Africa’s denial to grant the Dalai Lama a travel visa. It is now being shifted out of South Africa because enough of NPLs refused to go,” Williams, the 1997 Nobel Peace Prize winner, said.
Another Nobel laureate Shirin Ebadi — Iran’s first female judge — who was awarded coveted prize in 2003, said, “There is a history of fight against racial discrimination in South Africa, and we never expected this country will deny visa to the Dalai Lama.”
Ebadi also questioned Archbishop of Cape Town Desmond Tutu’s silence on the issue. “I am surprised over the stoic silence of Desmond Tutu. I know he is not a part of the government, but he’s not making his views public,” Ebadi said.
Meanwhile, Lobsang Sangay, Tibetan Prime Minister-in-exile, said that people will come to know about the new venue by Thursday.

PM Modi orders Aadhaar cards for all by June2015Print
Written by Ruhi Tewari | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 12:04 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has directed the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) to ensure “universal coverage” under Aadhaar by June 2015.
According to government officials, the PM set the deadline at a high-level meeting chaired by him in the first week of September. The target was reiterated in the minutes of the meeting circulated to all the concerned departments. Directions have also been issued to the Registrar General of India to ensure enrolment in the concerned districts.
The current Aadhaar enrolment is about 68 crore, which means over 50 crore people will have to be brought under its ambit within the next eight months. Last month, the union cabinet set a target of 100 crore enrolment under Aadhaar by the end of next year. However, Modi’s direction shows his keenness to ensure complete coverage much sooner.
Sources linked this push to the number of schemes and initiatives that the NDA government is basing on Aadhaar. While the PM’s Jan Dhan Yojana is dependent on Aadhaar — wherein the beneficiaries can open their bank accounts using their 12-digit numbers and those who don’t have Aadhaar will first be enrolled under it by banks — the PMO has also directed that passports be linked to Aadhaar data.
The PM has also directed the Home Ministry to enrol prisoners across the country under the project. Aadhaar-based biometric attendance systems have been introduced for all central government employees as well. This is also an indication of the Modi government’s interest in taking forward the UPA’s ambitious Direct Benefits Transfer (DBT) scheme that is based on Aadhaar. Key government schemes like MGNREGS, pensions, scholarships, Public Distribution System and LPG have also been linked to the 12-digit number.
According to officials, while the UIDAI is ready in terms of its processing capabilities, ground level issues could be a matter of concern in meeting the target. “Enrolment in states like Uttar Pradesh and Bihar is very low — only 26 per cent and 16 per cent of the population respectively. Once it picks up in both these states, meeting the target would become easier,” said an official.
In UP, officials said, the state government is not active on this count, which is proving to be a huge constraint. In Bihar, state registrars will soon become active, thus speeding up the process. Banks across the country will also have to come on board and enrol people more proactively.
Officials also pointed out that with more schemes being linked to Aadhaar, the demand for enrolment would increase — both at the individual as well as government level.

Secret Service Director Julia Pierson to ResignSecret Service Director Julia Pierson Resigns
Oct 1, 2014, 3:20 PM ET
Secret Service Director Julia Pierson listens on Capitol Hill in Washington, Sept. 30, 2014, as she testifies before the House Oversight Committee as it examines details surrounding a security breach at the White House.
J. Scott Applewhite/AP Photo
Share
Copy
Secret Service Director Julia Pierson, who has been skewered by critics over the Sept. 19 White House security breach , has resigned, according to the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.
"Today Julia Pierson, the director of the United States Secret Service, offered her resignation, and I accepted it," Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said in a statement this afternoon. "I salute her 30 years of distinguished service to the Secret Service and the Nation."
Paul Sancya/AP Photo
PHOTO: Joe Clancy, Special Agent in Charge, Presidential Protective Division, United States Secret Service talks with students at a White House youth leadership and mentoring luncheon at the Detroit Institute of Arts in Detroit, May 26, 2010.
Johnson has appointed Joseph Clancy, formerly special agent in charge of the Presidential Protective Division of the Secret Service, as the interim acting director.
"Mr. Clancy retired from the Secret Service in 2011," he added. "I appreciate his willingness to leave his position in the private sector on very short notice and return to public service for a period."
Secret Service Director Julia Pierson: White House Intrusion 'Unacceptable'
President Obama telephoned Pierson today to "express his appreciation for her service to the agency and to the country,” White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said at today’s press briefing.
“Over the last several days, we've seen recent and accumulating reports raising questions about the performance of the agency and the president concluded that new leadership of that agency was required,” Earnest added, rejecting the notion that Obama and Johnson had bowed to mounting bipartisan pressure from Congress.
“Director Pierson offered her resignation today because she believed it was in the best interest of the agency to which she has dedicated her career," he told reporters. "The [Homeland Security] secretary agreed with that assessment. The president did as well."
As for Clancy, the interim acting director, he has “the full confidence of the president and first lady,” Earnest added, also pledging a complete review of the fence-jumping incident to be conducted by the DHS deputy secretary and reviewed by an independent panel.
New River Valley Regional Jail
PHOTO: Omar Gonzalez's booking photo from his July arrest in Wythe County, Virginia.
Pierson’s resignation comes in the wake of an incident in which Omar Gonzalez, a knife-wielding Iraq War vet, allegedly managed to slip over the fence, past several layers of security , and into the White House’s East Room, where he was subdued by an off-duty agent.
Lawmakers at the congressional hearing Tuesday demanded to know how such a breach of one of the most secure buildings in the world could have taken place.
"It will never happen again,” Pierson, 55, assured lawmakers at the hearing.
Congress also questioned her about a 2011 incident in which agents failed to realize the White House had been sprayed by bullets until a housekeeper pointed out a pane of broken glass.
“You’re not taking your job seriously,” Rep. Stephen Lynch , D-Mass., said . “I have very low confidence in the Secret Service under your leadership.”
At least one lawmaker had called today for Pierson’s resignation.
Page

Alaska Refuge Proposes Killing Invasive CaribouAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Why the world needs to put a better price on the rainforestMISSING THE FOREST FOR THE TREES
Why the world needs to put a better price on the rainforest
Written by
Tim Fernholz @timfernholz
October 1, 2014
There should be a better way to protect forests than leaving local warriors to drive away loggers. (Reuters/Lunae Parracho)
SHARE
Tim Fernholz @timfernholz
October 1, 2014
Convincing people not to chop down trees is hard, especially in poor countries, where the quick fix of clearing land for development and selling timber seems like a winning strategy. When money is on the table, it’s hard for do-gooders warning about threats such as global warming to get much traction with talk of carbon reserves, or locals to win debates with arguments about tradition.
But what if you could prove that the forest itself was a potential cash cow, and that leaving it alone might make more money than cutting it down?
That’s the premise of  a new report from the Center on Global Development by the economist Katrina Mullan, who quantifies the value of forest ecosystems in an effort to complicate the traditional binary between conservation and development. Her hope is that more people will see the immediate benefits of conservation.
In China, for example, she found that a reforestation effort in the upper watershed of the Three Gorges Hydroelectric Power Dam helped control erosion, saving $15.1 million in sediment-clearing costs and generating an additional $21.9 million worth of electricity thanks to increased water flow each year.
When mangrove forests on coasts are destroyed, they expose nearby settlements to natural disasters (particularly noticeable during the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami) and reduce the productivity of fisheries—in Mexico, a 3% reduction of mangrove area in one village reduced revenue from shrimp harvests by $279,000 a year. Forests provide bee populations for pollination of Costa Rican coffee plantations, increasing profits by $62,000 a year.
And when fires are started to clear forests or as a side-effect of logging, the smoke has serious health implications: Forest fires in Indonesia are estimated to have generated $300 million in national health costs from respiratory illness.
Mullan hopes that governments in developing economies can use these ideas to increase the compensation developers must pay residents to offset the economic losses of deforestation, or even to have those companies pay for conservation. In Nepal, for example, a fishery cooperative pays upstream residents to use forestry practices that minimize the erosion that could fill their waters with sediment.
It’s not easy to value forest land—the calculations depend on location, how people use it, and the level of development in the area. But the odds that protecting forests will be more lucrative than harvesting them increase where rural population density is high, incomes are low and natural disasters are prevalent—exactly the circumstances that increase the temptations of deforestation.
Share this:

Forward and together in progressUpdated: October 1, 2014 07:28 IST
Forward and together in progress
Narendra Modi
AP THINK BIG: With a reinvigorated level of ambition and greater confidence, India and the U.S. can go beyond modest and conventional goals.
TOPICS
heads of state
Narendra Modi and Barack Obama talk about a renewed U.S.-India partnership for the 21st century
As nations committed to democracy, liberty, diversity and enterprise, India and the United States are bound by common values and mutual interests. We have each shaped the positive trajectory of human history, and through our joint efforts, our natural and unique partnership can help shape international security and peace for years to come.
Ties between the United States and India are rooted in the shared desire of our citizens for justice and equality. When Swami Vivekananda presented Hinduism as a world religion, he did so at the 1893 World’s Parliament of Religions in Chicago. When Martin Luther King Jr. sought to end discrimination and prejudice against African Americans, he was inspired by Mahatma Gandhi’s nonviolent teachings. Gandhiji himself drew upon the writings of Henry David Thoreau.
Robust partnership
As nations, we have partnered over the decades to deliver progress to our people. The people of India remember the strong foundations of our cooperation. The food production increases of the Green Revolution and the Indian Institutes of Technology are among the many products of our collaboration.
Today, our partnership is robust, reliable and enduring, and it is expanding. Our relationship involves more bilateral collaboration than ever before — not just at the federal level but also at the State and local levels, between our two militaries, private sectors and civil society. Indeed, so much has happened that, in 2000, Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee could declare that we are natural allies.
After many years of growing cooperation since, on any given day, our students work together on research projects, our scientists develop cutting-edge technology and senior officials consult closely on global issues. Our militaries conduct joint exercises in air, on land and at sea, and our space programmes engage in unprecedented areas of cooperation, leading us from Earth to Mars. And in this partnership, the Indian-American community has been a vibrant, living bridge between us. Its success has been the truest reflection of the vitality of our people, the value of America’s open society and the strength of what we can do when we join together.
Still, the true potential of our relationship has yet to be fully realised. The advent of a new government in India is a natural opportunity to broaden and deepen our relationship. With a reinvigorated level of ambition and greater confidence, we can go beyond modest and conventional goals. It is time to set a new agenda, one that realises concrete benefits for our citizens.
This will be an agenda that enables us to find mutually rewarding ways to expand our collaboration in trade, investment and technology that harmonise with India’s ambitious development agenda, while sustaining the United States as the global engine of growth. When we meet today in Washington, we will discuss ways in which we can boost manufacturing and expand affordable renewable energy, while sustainably securing the future of our common environment. We will discuss ways in which our businesses, scientists and governments can partner as India works to improve the quality, reliability and availability of basic services, especially for the poorest of citizens. In this, the United States stands ready to assist. An immediate area of concrete support is the “Clean India” campaign, where we will leverage private and civil society innovation, expertise and technology to improve sanitation and hygiene throughout India.
While our shared efforts will benefit our own people, our partnership aspires to be larger than merely the sum of its parts. As nations, as people, we aspire to a better future for all; one in which our strategic partnership also produces benefits for the world at large. While India benefits from the growth generated by U.S. investment and technical partnerships, the United States benefits from a stronger, more prosperous India. In turn, the region and the world benefit from the greater stability and security that our friendship creates. We remain committed to the larger effort to integrate South Asia and connect it with markets and people in Central and Southeast Asia.
Collaborative areas
As global partners, we are committed to enhancing our homeland security by sharing intelligence, through counterterrorism and law-enforcement cooperation, while we jointly work to maintain freedom of navigation and lawful commerce across the seas. Our health collaboration will help us tackle the toughest of challenges, whether combating the spread of Ebola, researching cancer cures or conquering diseases such as tuberculosis, malaria and dengue. And we intend to expand our recent tradition of working together to empower women, build capacity and improve food security in Afghanistan and Africa. The exploration of space will continue to fire our imaginations and challenge us to raise our ambitions. That we both have satellites orbiting Mars tells its own story. The promise of a better tomorrow is not solely for Indians and Americans: It also beckons us to move forward together for a better world. This is the central premise of our defining partnership for the 21st century. Forward, together we go — chalein saath saath.
(Narendra Modi is the Prime Minister of India. Barack Obama is the President of the United States. This joint editorial appeared in the Washington Post on September 30, 2014.)

Re nears 62 versus $; IT stocks gain; top 5 betsYou are here: Home > Collections
Top 5 tech stocks that outperformed ahead of Q2 results
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 1, 2014, 01.46PM IST
(Hopes of pick-up in the US…)
MUMBAI: The Indian IT sector, has been giving consistent results for the past few years. It has been one of the few sectors to have outperformed cyclicals in post election market.
Earnings have been stable for most of the companies and with Vishal Sikka at helm of affairs, things are expected to improve for Infosys.
Most investors who entered the market on hopes of economic revival shifted to IT sector after the cyclicals failed to deliver good results in previous quarter.
Hopes of pick-up in the US economy and a strengthening US dollar against other currency basket have been the main drivers for the sector.
The BSE IT Index has surged over 17 per cent in last quarter and recently hit an all-time high of 10,749.35.
The US dollar Index is at 86 and if the momentum continues, the Indian currency is likely to depreciate further. The rupee against the US dollar has slipped close to 62 level. According to analysts, if FII outflows continue then the rupee may even fall to 63 per dollar in near to medium term.
Mindtree, Persistent Systems, Tech Mahindra, Infosys and TCS are the top five performers in the last three months in BSE IT Index. Following are the brokerages view on these stocks after Q1 results:
Mindtree:
In a meeting hosted by Kotak Institutional Equities for Mindtree in September, the management had reiterated (1) aspirations of industry-leading revenue growth, (2) comfort in maintaining margins at constant currency and (3) prospects of better growth in a challenged hi-tech vertical.
"The Mindtree stock had a strong run over the past 12 months and now trades at 16X FY2016E earnings. Focused strategy, solid deal wins and an ability to compete at par with much larger peers in its chosen areas will ensure solid revenue growth for Mindtree," the report said.
"Mindtree is likely to be the fastest-growing company under KIE's technology coverage in the next couple of years. Strong growth will sustain premium multiples," it added.
According to Kotak Securities, the valuations of the company are at a premium but deserved for consistency and leadership in growth. It has a price target of Rs 1,180 on the stock.
Persisten Systems:
Analysts at Prabhudas Lilladher recently interacted with the management of the company to understand the demand environment and possible impact due to seasonality.
According to the management, Q2FY15 is turning out to be a strong quarter compared to Q1FY15 with positive margin bias despite wage hike. However, a slow start to the year may restrict a strong beat to NASSCOM guidance.
"We expect PSYS' revenue momentum to improve during the course of year with margin improvement. Moreover, IP revenue can accelerate earnings. However, our estimate has factored in most of the positives and sees limited scope of upgrade in the near term. We retain our "Accumulate" rating," the report said.
The brokerage has a price target of Rs 1,450 on the stock.
Tech Mahindra:
CLSA remains skeptical about Tech Mahindra's margin recovery prospects after its 500bps decline. According to the brokerage, as the company lacks depth in key verticals and has only average capabilities in digital/SMAC, it less-than-confident about Tech Mahindra's sustainable organic growth.
"Tech Mahindra remains a weak business that should trade at 14x one-year forward PE (0.5standard deviation above its 10-year and two-year average and a 20 per cent discount to tier-1 players). As the recent share price rally appears unwarranted and we downgrade our call from Underperform to SELL," the report said.
The brokerage has a price target of Rs 2200 on the stock.
 
Infosys:
Reliance Securities is of the view that the company is likely to approach near industry-level growth by FY2016E based on: 1) focus around high-growth IMS line with a clear digital strategy, 2) stability in attrition with clarity within the leadership structure, 3) greater competitive intensity in chasing deals, 4) bundled-services strategy for chasing large-deals and 5) availability of multiple margin-levers.
"With the new leadership structure and new CEO at the helm of affairs, we expect the management to announce the growth strategy for the company ahead. We believe that the company is likely to unveil a bundled strategy around ADM, IMS and SMAC service-lines and is likely to increase its competitive intensity around securing large-deals," the report said.
The brokerage has a 'Buy' on the stock with a target of Rs 4,150.
TCS:
Tata Consultancy Services has reiterated that FY2015 would be better than FY2014 even on an organic basis.
TCS has already delivered strong numbers for Q1FY2015 with a 5.5 per cent Q-o-Q growth. For Q2FY2015 also it expects to deliver around 5.5 per cent sequential growth on an organic basis. Including the consolidation of the Mitsubishi JV (which contributes $100 million), the growth will be over 7 per cent.
According to Sharekhan, the stock trades a little over 20.5x FY2016E earnings. In view of the potential for improvement in the demand environment and the overall improvement in market sentiment, it expects TCS to get re-rated because of its strong leadership position.
"We raise our price target to Rs 2,900, which is 22x the FY2016E earnings. We maintain our Buy rating on the stock, which remains our top pick in the IT sector," the report said.
Company Returns % Mindtree  35.90    Persistent Systems  31.48    Tech Mahindra  18.23    Infosys  16.80    TCS  15.96
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why we refuse to retire!Age: 102
At 102 years old, Loren Wade is one of the oldest workers in the country.
For the past 30 years, he has worked at Wal-Mart's Winfield, Kansas store. Currently, he works 32 hours a week as an associate in the lawn and garden department, doing everything from stocking the shelves and running the cash register to helping customers pick out flowers for their garden.
"He's so good with customers," said store manager Tonya Villar. "They actually seek him out."
A former mail carrier, Wade gave retirement a try in the early 1980s but deemed it "pretty boring."
Calculator: Will you have enough to retire?
He and his wife of 67 years live mostly off his Social Security benefits and his small Postal Service pension, but he says the paychecks from Wal-Mart "come in handy, too." "I can buy things that I couldn't buy off of Social Security, like ice cream and to go out to eat once in a while," he said.
But it's not all work. He and his wife have visited almost every state in the U.S. and he played the saxophone and other instruments in a local band for nearly 80 years.
Wade says he plans to work as long as he can. Although he admits: "These 50 pound bags of dog food are getting pretty heavy," he said.

FIIs put in bids worth $1.45 billion for govt bondsForeign investors put in bids worth $1.45 billion for government bonds
PTI Oct 1, 2014, 09.07PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(At the end of two-hour auction…)
MUMBAI: In a strong demand for government bonds, overseas investors have put in bids worth over USD 1.45 billion in an auction for debt securities valued at about USD 678 million.
The auction was held at BSE's ebidxchange platform for allocation of investment limits in government debt securities worth Rs 4,176 crore (USD 677.77 million.) The auction attracted bids for Rs 8,961 crore (USD 1.45 billion), as per the exchange.
At the end of two-hour auction this evening, as many as 76 bids were made in the auction, of which 31 were declared successful.
The debt auction quotas give overseas investors the right to invest in debt up to the limit purchased.
In the auction conducted by National Stock Exchange earlier this month, government bonds had attracted bids worth Rs 4,963 crore, as against securities valued Rs 3,117 crore on offer.
Foreign investors have put in over Rs 1.2 lakh crore in the debt market so far in 2014. The equity market has also seen similar trends with overseas fund inflows of over Rs 83,000 crore since the beginning of the year.
According to market experts, overseas investors have been pumping money in the country's debt market primarily on account of government's reforms agenda and the RBI's pledge to tame inflation.
As per norms, foreign investors can purchase up to USD 25 billion in government debt without restrictions. Exchanges initiate the auction mechanism once overseas investor reach 90 per cent of that limit.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Airlines ordered to replace Boeing cockpit displays over Wi-Fi interferenceRead the story
The FAA said the display units were susceptible to interference from Wi-Fi frequencies. Independent tests conducted by the agency and Boeing  showed blanking on the screens when Wi-Fi devices were used near them.
The displays also are susceptible to transmissions from mobile phones, weather radar and mobile satellite communications, the FAA said.
Honeywell spokesman Steve Brecken said no display units had blanked during flight because of Wi-Fi interference.
"The only known occurrence was during a developmental test conducted on the ground. We worked with Boeing and addressed any concerns in 2012 with new display hardware," he said.
How "near" is the Wi-Fi interferance to create this issue?
ch47fixer

NSEL scam: Court orders auction of stock of one of the borrowersFinancial Technologies Group
(The special court also said…)
MUMBAI: A court here has directed the competent authority formed under the Maharashtra Protection of Investors Deposits (MPID) Act to auction the stock of one of the borrowers in relation to the Rs 5,600 crore NSEL scam .
Special MPID judge D P Surana's order came during the hearing of an application filed by NSEL seeking direction to Metkore Alloys and Industries Limited and its managing director to sign the required authorisation-cum-undertaking.
The special court also said the competent authority will auction the stock of ferro-chrome, weighing about 14,243 tones.
The competent authority was also directed to deposit the sale proceeds of auction in escrow account. The auction is to be completed in two months.
MCX promoter Jignesh Shah was arrested in the case by the Economic Offences Wing and was granted bail last August. The scam came to light when NSEL (a part of the Financial Technologies Group founded by Shah) faced a payment crisis and nearly 18,000 of its investors allegedly lost millions of rupees.
FEATURED ARTICLES

eBay to spin off PayPal; but new entity has multiple challenges to tackleYou are here: Home > Collections > Paypal
eBay to spin off PayPal; but new entity has multiple challenges to tackle
New York Times Oct 1, 2014, 10.04PM IST
Tags:
(PayPal makes 26 cents of…)
By Peter Eavis
Moving money through the pipes of the financial system is a grindingly mundane activity, but that has not stopped Wall Street and Silicon Valley from promoting it as a hot new thing.
The latest burst of excitement occurred on Tuesday, when eBay announced that it was going to spin off PayPal, its electronic payments unit, as a separate public company. Apple generated enormous hoopla in early September when it unveiled Apple Pay, a technology that may make it easier to pay for things with an iPhone.
Innovation needs a problem to solve. And in this case, the argument is that the traditional payments system - the vast, Byzantine plumbing that is made up of banks and credit card companies - is cumbersome and expensive. In the dreams of the disrupters, companies like MasterCard and Visa are vulnerable. So when PayPal trades as a stand-alone company next year, investors will have a way to bet on the revolution.
A closer look at PayPal's numbers, however, suggests that the old order is far from done.
PayPal has been hacking away at the established system since it was founded in 1998. To its credit, it has secured a substantial foothold that enabled it to process $180 billion in payments last year. Still, that progress has not generated the sort of high-octane profitability that technology investors yearn for, according to some analyses of the company.
Mark May , an analyst with Citigroup, says that, while PayPal has stronger growth than companies like Visa and MasterCard, it has weaker profit margins. He estimates that next year PayPal will earn $2.4 billion before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, known as EBITDA. That would represent an 18 percent increase from 2014. True, that growth rate is roughly double that attained by established payments companies, but PayPal's margins are much weaker.
PayPal makes 26 cents of EBITDA for every dollar of revenue, compared with roughly 65 cents for every dollar of revenue at Visa and MasterCard, May estimates. The cost of expanding its network has saddled PayPal with proportionately higher expenses. And a potential competitive threat from Apple Pay has also dimmed PayPal's prospects.
The upshot: May says that PayPal may end up having the same sort of valuation on the stock market as its established rivals. At 14 times his forecast for next year's EBITDA, PayPal would have a market value of $34 billion.
That is a mere fourth of Visa's value, yet much larger than the next wave of payments disrupters. Square, a payments company led by the Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey, announced a financing last month that valued the private company at $6 billion. And Stripe, another online payments processor, also has attracted financing from prominent venture capitalists.
PayPal could break out big in payments in several ways.
Its business has one big advantage: It allows consumers to set up a PayPal account so that it deducts money directly from their bank accounts. Such transactions have far lower fees than typical credit card payments, making them more attractive for merchants, which pay the fees. Apple Pay, by contrast, works through the credit card companies, which means its transactions will often be more expensive than a bank debit through PayPal.
"Apple Pay is not cheaper," May said. "PayPal can be far cheaper for the merchant."
The challenge for PayPal is finding ways to exploit these lower fees. One obvious idea would be to work with merchants to pass on some of the fee savings to customers, either in lower prices or rebates. Imagine a supermarket checkout offering two prices: One for paying with an established credit card, and a lower price for using PayPal. Such two-tier pricing has not yet appeared at many retailers, though some gas stations offer it.
Still, over time, providing such an option to consumers might drive an increasing amount of transactions through lower-fee companies like PayPal, bolstering its revenue.
And as a stand-alone company, all of PayPal's resources could be aimed at tackling such challenges.
Still, the attraction of lower fees may not be enough. For instance, established credit card companies, using well-honed loyalty programs, have powerful ways of retaining consumers.
PayPal's success might, therefore, also depend on producing a technology that is markedly easier for consumers to use than a credit or debit card. Right now, paying for something with a phone is often no quicker than paying with a card. PayPal would need to improve on that, but its recent record in setting up easy payments in stores is not strong. And Apple Pay, with its iPhone fingerprint authorization, may catch on quickly, making it harder for PayPal to compete.
If Apple does steal such a lead, it will be on the back of the current payment system, and it could entrench the higher fees paid by merchants.
In other words, PayPal may be the only big disrupter in this battle. That is sure to get investors intrigued when its stock starts to trade. But it is precisely the thing that could make it a risky bet.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Stocks Slammed by Global Worries  Including Ebolastocks slammed by global worries  including ebola
Constitutional problems with international courtsBy Eugene Kontorovich October 1
The Cornell Law Review has just published my new article , “Three International Courts and Their Constitutional Problems.” The article considers the constitutionality of joining the International Criminal Court in light of largley forgotten debates over two prior international tribunals: the Mixed Commissions for the slave trade in the early 19th century, and the International Prize Court in the early 20th Century. The U.S. ultimately signed onto both projects, but only after changing their scope or jurisdiction to comport with constitutional concerns.
The paper lies at the intersection of international law, constitutional law, and foreign relations. But really its a federal courts paper: the fundamental question is when can the government delegate jurisdiction over core judicial business to non-Article III courts – or even non-U.S. courts.
Here is the abstract from SSRN:
The United States’ potential participation in the International Criminal Court (ICC) raises serious constitutional questions that have never been subject to judicial examination. However, in two distinct historical episodes, separated by nearly 100 years, the U.S. considered proposals to join such international courts and found them wanting.
In an earlier article , The Constitutionality of International Courts: The Forgotten Precedent of Slave-Trade Tribunals , I examined the first such episode, the early 19th century objections international commissions to try American vessels arrested for slave trading. In a reply article , Prof. Jenny Martinez took issue with my analysis, arguing that the constitutional objections raised by John Quincy Adams and others were motivated by ideological considerations.
In this Article, I respond to those arguments, while also further developing the subject by examining the second relevant historical episode, the constitutional debate over the International Prize Court. Those discussions corroborate the constitutional objections raised in the slave courts episode, and suggest yet further constitutional problems with the ICC.
This Article first shows how a full examination of the historical record shows that even those in Congress and the executive that did not share the ideological biases Martinez identifies did not dispute the constitutional objections put forth with the Administration. Moreover, constitutional interpretation by the political branches typically dovetails with political views, but this does not neutralize its significance.
The International Prize Court was a product of the Hague Conference of 1907. The proposed Court would impartially apply the international law of maritime warfare. The Prize Court Treaty was hailed by leading statesmen as a historic development in international law and relations, that would usher in a new era where law, rather than power, ruled international affairs.
Nonetheless, the Senate refused because the treaty would violate Art. III. Because the Prize Court could review for error decisions of the Supreme Court, it would undermine its “Supremacy.” Some scholars argued that Congress’s power to create non-Art. III courts justified the treaty, or in an argument reminiscent of Martinez’s, that the international law subject matter satisfied constitutional concerns. These defenses fell flat. The Senate and the Executive generally recognized the strength of the constitutional objections.
These principles have direct implications for the ICC. While the ICC’s standard of review is extremely deferential, it ultimately can under certain circumstances examine national court decisions for error. This would be unconstitutional based on the Prize Court precedent.
To anticipate some objections, I do not argue that U.S. participation in all international tribunals are unconstitutional, rather only with direct jurisdiction over “private rights” cases. (Certain other limitations and restrictions apply, read the fine print .) Thus classic arbitral tribunals or commissions pose no problems.
As it happens, constitutional restrictions on joining the ICC have gotten some attention lately. Ukraine may want to join the Court (it may also have good reason not to, such as significant war crimes committed by its forces, and the lack of enforceability against Russia, which has recently ignored international court decisions with impunity), and its Association Agreement with the EU pledges to do that. However, its Constitutional Court held in 2001 that the ICC treaty is incompatible with the Ukrainian Constitution . I think Kiev is increasingly grateful for that once-obscure ruling, which gives them an excuse to avoid humoring Brussels on an issue that is not obviously in Ukraine’s interest.
Eugene Kontorovich is a professor at Northwestern University School of Law, and an expert on constitutional and international law. He also writes and lectures frequently about the Arab-Israel conflict.

Climate Change = Systems Changereddit
Climate change represents the most disruptive philanthropic and business opportunity since the Industrial Revolution.
In the years to come, the growing clean energy sector will require massive further investment. Changes in consumption patterns will lead to significant product and service innovation. Mitigation will change commerce and transportation. And the changing climate will cause more destruction, accelerating investment in resilience .
But these developments are less important than the systemic transformation that has already begun.
The United Nations Climate Summit last week was a prime example.
"Historians may one day refer to our meeting today as the beginning of a new period of economic thinking where we internalize externality costs into our behavior as governments, as business, as cities, and as citizens."
-- Klaus Schwab, founder and executive chairman of the World Economic Forum (Speaking at the UN, as reported in the Guardian )
This quote reflects the thinking behind a number of hybrid ideas from impact investing * to collective impact to the shared value business model. And that in itself is remarkable.
A few decades ago the concept that return on investment and positive social change could co-exist in the same project was far-fetched. And it took the far-sighted vision of philanthropists to encourage it.
Last week, philanthropy was once again at the vanguard. A coalition of 730 philanthropists and foundations announced that they have vowed to divest $50 billion from fossil fuel assets and switch to clean energy alternatives. The movement, called Global Divest-Invest , was started by students and community activists.
One of the signatories of Global Divest-Invest is the $860 million Rockefeller Brothers Fund .
"John D. Rockefeller, the founder of Standard Oil, moved America out of whale oil and into petroleum. We are quite convinced that if he were alive today, as an astute businessman looking out to the future, he would be moving out of fossil fuels and investing in clean, renewable energy."
-  Stephen Heintz, president of the Rockefeller Brothers Fund
From the perspective of business, things are also changing fast.
From The New York Times last week:
Forty companies, among them Kellogg, L'Oréal and Nestlé, signed a declaration on Tuesday pledging to help cut tropical deforestation in half by 2020 and stop it entirely by 2030. They included several of the largest companies handling palm oil, the production of which has resulted in rampant destruction of old-growth forests, especially in Indonesia....The corporate promises are the culmination of a trend that has been building for years, with virtually every major company now feeling obliged to make commitments about environmental sustainability, and to report regularly on progress. [Emphasis mine.] The companies have found that pursuing such goals can often help them cut costs, particularly for energy.
As UN Secretary General Ban Ki Moon pointed out in his report on the climate summit, there was a novel sense of cooperation among a broad array of powerful players, including 100 heads of state and 800 leaders from business, finance and civil society.
A new coalition of governments, business, finance, multilateral development banks and civil society leaders announced their intent to mobilize over $200 billion for financing low-carbon and climate-resilient development.
Fortune reported on progress made building unity on the thorny problem of a carbon tax.
World Bank Group President Jim Yong Kim also praised the unexpected partnerships that have come out of the summit, saying it helped inspire a coalition of 73 nations and more than 1,000 companies that on Monday came out in support a price on carbon.
Of course, the leaders of China and India -- two key carbon emitting nations -- did not attend the summit. In addition, many observers have pointed out that though businesses, philanthropies  and governments have promised these investments and changes, they have not yet delivered them.
However, the threat of climate catastrophe seems to have played a role in inspiring a new way to pursue social and environmental change.
The New York Times took note of this in its editorial over the weekend:
[There] ... was a palpable conviction that tackling climate change could be an opportunity and not a burden, that the way to approach the task of harnessing greenhouse gas emissions was not to ask how much it would cost but how much nations stood to gain by investing in new technologies and energy efficiency.
Many organizations, including innovators like B Corporation, have been working for years to disrupt -- and re-balance -- systems that pivot only on the primacy of profit. My guess is that they will work many more years until new systems fully emerge. There will be hiccups and failures and times of seeming defeat. The growing gap between the rich and poor will have to be addressed.
But survival has always been one of humanity's most potent motivators.
So I'm feeling bullish. I predict that before I die (I'm 55), these three things will come to pass:
Companies who only operate for the sake of profit will dwindle in number.
Those who seek only short-term gain will run a significant risk of going terminal over the medium and long term.
And sustainability will become a successful -- and widespread -- business strategy.
In the end, profiteers will not only be pariahs in the eyes of a climate-impacted public, they will be seen as bad bets for investment. Smart money, patient money, entrepreneurial money will find much more promise working with the new, more collaborative system.
Shared value -- where returns are measured in lives enhanced as well as dollars earned -- will become, slowly and steadily, the norm. And the planet -- along with its inhabitants -- will be all the better off for it.
* This from the first paragraph of the G8's Social Impact Investment Taskforce report -- released last month:
The world is on the brink of a revolution in how we solve society's toughest problems. The force capable of driving this revolution is 'social impact investing', which harnesses entrepreneurship, innovation and capital to power social improvement.
Follow Steven Crandell on Twitter: www.twitter.com/stevencrandell
More:

Avirup Bose: The dawn raiders are coming!Avirup Bose: The dawn raiders are coming!
Avirup Bose |  Oct 01, 2014 09:46 PM IST
India's track record of chronic delays in prosecuting white-collar offenders needs to be rectified before the Narendra Modi government's efforts to reform the economy bear fruit. From scams related to allocation of 2G spectrum licences, ponzi schemes like Saradha to corporate frauds in Satyam Computers and Reebok, Indian prosecutors have thus far drawn a blank. Unless would-be economic offenders are dissuaded from the temptation of financial crime, no amount of reforms can reboot the economy.
The Competition Commission of India (CCI) is, in its own way, attempting to buck this trend. Unlike India's other regulators/prosecuting agencies, it is not relying on traditional methods of evidence collection and appreciation (issuance of summons, depositions, affidavits and written submissions) - methods that are routinely sabotaged through non-cooperation or destruction/falsification of critical evidence. From now on, firms being prosecuted by the CCI for anti-competitive market conduct may find the officers of the fair trade agency knocking on their doorstep unannounced, in search of critical evidence.
The CCI's permanent investigative arm, the Office of the Director General (DG), conducted its first unannounced search and seizure operation (colloquially termed a "dawn raid") on the Delhi and Faridabad offices of JCB India Limited (JCB). The CCI is currently prosecuting JCB for abusing its dominant position in the Indian market for back-hoe loaders (a particular type of earth-moving and construction equipment).
The DG, vested with the inquiry powers of a civil court, is an autonomous investigating agency exclusively responsible for all antitrust investigations in India. Unlike other economic intelligence agencies of India - the Central Bureau of Investigation, Serious Fraud Investigation Office or the Enforcement Directorate - the DG is not directly funded or administered by any ministry or government department and reports exclusively to the CCI. Being part of an expert regulatory body, the DG's investigations are better guided, co-ordinated and time bound. Besides, having its own trained staff and a statutory mandate to regulate its own procedure, the DG's investigations is devoid of political influence and inter-agency regulatory duplicity.
The DG has never used its intrusive search and seizure powers in the last five years of India's competition law regime being in force. The fact that it finally saw it fit to use such unprecedented powers could signify a shift in its mindset that will have a profound impact on industry. This shift could have been brought about by the DG's experience of routine non-cooperation of investigated firms in providing access to documents and other company records. Earlier in the year, the CCI penalised Google for non-cooperation with its investigation of anti-competitive practices of the internet giant.
Section 41 of the Competition Act empowers the DG, after obtaining a warrant from the Chief Metropolitan Magistrate, New Delhi, to conduct dawn raids upon the offices (and potentially private homes and vehicles of senior personnel) of firms under investigation in cases in which the DG reasonably suspects the possibility of relevant evidence being destroyed, mutilated or falsified.
The officers of the DG conducting a dawn raid typically may make copies of practically all documentation - both in physical and electronic form, including bookkeeping material, agreements, letters, emails, diaries, lists of calls and so on. Computers are often examined in order to discover which documents may have been erased. In certain jurisdictions, competition authorities have even sealed off the company's premises for a period to the extent necessary for investigation. Tape recordings, videos, emails, telephone records, account books and other kinds of records discovered during such raids are admissible in any proceedings before the CCI and may be relied upon while prosecuting such firms.
Dawn raids will not only deter strategic hold-ups of antitrust investigations, but also make it much easier for the DG to pick up incriminating evidence, bolstering the speed and efficacy of its investigations. The DG will also be able to act quickly and catch suspected firms unguarded, before they can cover their tracks. For many firms, a dawn raid could be the first time when they will come to know about a competition law investigation.
Further, evidence gathered through dawn raids will allow the CCI to substantially improve the quality of its antitrust assessments. Experts like Aditya Bhattacharjea, a professor of the Delhi School of Economics, writing for the Economic and Political Weekly (September 1, 2012), have criticised the CCI for its undue reliance on circumstantial evidence to prove anti-competitive market conduct. He writes that the CCI's lack of appreciation of "direct evidence" provides penalised firms - "an opportunity to appeal", challenging the merits of the CCI's order before the Competition Appellate Tribunal.
For example, in the cement cartel case, the CCI relied on the fact that the cartelising cement companies had simultaneously increased prices soon after two meetings of the Cement Manufactures Association (CMA), where the firms could have an opportunity to exchange information. Such circumstantial evidence of co-ordinated behaviour between firms could leave room for doubt. The CCI's antitrust assessment would have been much stronger, if it could have relied upon a letter or email exchanged between a cement firm and its dealer stating the need to enhance cement prices based upon the discussions of a CMA meeting. However, firms involved in a cartel seldom leave a paper trail. Even if a letter/email exists, it most likely would not be made available to the DG. The precise justification of an unannounced dawn raid is to uncover such incriminating evidence.
The success of the JCB dawn raid will determine how frequently the CCI will use this powerful weapon in its regulatory arsenal. Nevertheless, firms currently being investigated by the CCI should seek advice from their external legal advisors of appropriate measures to respond rapidly in the event of an unannounced dawn raid. For example, companies are encouraged to adopt antitrust compliance procedures providing a list of "dos" and "don'ts" in case of a dawn raid by CCI. Such a list should provide step-by-step guidance to the officers of a company regarding their course of action at the time of such raids.
Failure to co-operate during a dawn raid could lead to imposition of monetary penalties, besides being considered an aggravating factor while tabulating the aggregate penalty in case of finding of an anti-competitive conduct.
Competition lawyers in mature competition law jurisdictions have constituted specialist "Dawn Raid teams" to address such situations. Typically, lawyers provide their corporate clients with a "Dawn Raid hotline number" to be able to reach a member of the team, trained to assist the client during such raids, located nearest to the site of the investigation. While this might seem a little farfetched currently, the day when such legal services become a reality in India might not be far off.
The writer is a competition lawyer with the Competition Commission of India
These views are personal

Jamal Mecklai: Mr Modi s magicJamal Mecklai: Mr Modi's magic
Jamal Mecklai |  Oct 01, 2014 09:44 PM IST
There's no gainsaying that Narendra Modi is taking the world by storm. More importantly, domestic sentiment, cautiously optimistic till now, is getting ready for a party - witness, for instance, the enthusiastic reaction of the stock market to the Supreme Court decision on coal blocks, even though this would weaken several large listed companies and their bankers, and, worse, could bring the focus back to the investment bugbear of frequently changing rules.
Sentiment is more than holding up well with most people believing that while there will certainly be problems - some related to past sins - the path ahead is clearing significantly and rapidly.
I believe, however, that to make this forward move sustainable, we need to make sure that we eliminate, or at least dramatically reduce, current sins. And here there hasn't yet been enough work done.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is privileged to have the largest number of members of Parliament (MPs) with criminal cases against them. And while it is highly commendable that Mr Modi asked the Supreme Court to fast-track cases against MPs with criminal cases, he has not been able to respond to its comeback that MPs (and MLAs) with criminal cases should at least not hold ministerial positions. Mr Modi's cabinet has no fewer than six ministers who have criminal cases against them. And his go-to man for everything, Amit Shah, also has several such cases against him.
Clearly, Mr Modi is constrained by the limited number of skilled people he can access who would also be 100 per cent loyal (or subservient). This highlights an important structural problem with his leadership. A truly great leader surrounds himself with people who are, in many instances, smarter and more skilled than him.
Looking around, it's hard to see too many - if any - of those. Indeed the BJP sans Narendra Modi looks pretty pathetic, as has been reflected in the results of the multiple by-elections since he became prime minister. Maharashtra will be an exception because it is clearly of key importance to Mr Modi - and Mr Shah (with a few billion rupees left over from the last election or fresh money raises) will make minced dhokla of the disarray in all the other parties.
To my mind, Mr Modi's next task should be to make the BJP and indeed the entire Indian political establishment, more truly representative of the people. This is a very, very tall order because right now, like its predecessor, the BJP is simply about money. Let's not forget the gargantuan sums spent in the Lok Sabha elections, which will all be looking for their pounds of flesh (or, perhaps, shakh). Until there is no financial accountability - political parties must have their accounts audited - the entire political system, including the BJP, will continue to resemble a filthy, polluted lake.
And even if, as now, a single lotus rises gloriously out of the muck, the inspiration cannot sustain in such an environment forever, or even for very long. Perhaps Mr Modi will get to this critical job in time - there is such a huge amount to be done and, I guess, everyone prioritises things differently.
The good news is that he appears to have successfully quietened the more obnoxious members of the political tribe. His Independence Day speech, where he squarely targeted the backwardness of a patriarchal mindset, has halted senior politicians' loose talk about rape. I would imagine his interview with Fareed Zakaria, where he didn't quite lambast the more virulent members of the Hindutva brigade but pointed out simply that Indian Muslims are as patriotic as any other Indian, should have something of a calming effect on the communal poison that has been spreading quite rapidly.
Many people, including myself, had wondered why Mr Modi was so silent for so long in spite of so many terrible incidents. Now that he has come out squarely in defence of a modern secular India, perhaps we will move to a long and much-needed window of healing. Of course, he will need to be much stronger if any such incidents burst forth again. To quote Teddy Roosevelt, he needs to speak softly and carry a large stick.
And finally - and of great importance - is Mr Modi's sartorial splendour. He is immediately the most colourful politician on the world stage. And while some may pooh-pooh the value of this, the truth - and I know this from experience - is that bright colours put everyone in a better mood, which directly translates to better business and more joy in life.
And if Mr Modi graduates to floral printed bandhis, we would be in for a real magic show. It won't be long now.
jamal@mecklai.com

Breaking Good: 10 Business Lessons from  Breaking Badreddit
The popular TV series Breaking Bad could be a crash course for entrepreneurs.  Skeptical?  Take a look at lessons businesses can learn from the story of Walter White, a terminally-ill chemistry teacher turned meth mastermind:
1. Craft a truly superior product or service, in substance (no pun intended) and appearance. The meth that Walter "cooks" boasts 99 percent-plus purity and features a distinctive blue color.  As he explains, "[We] will not make garbage.  We will produce a product that performs as advertised.  No adulterants. No baby formula." [Note: quotes are edited for brevity.]
2. Develop a mystique. Walter White's alter ego "Heisenberg," named after the famous scientist, creates a glow of inscrutability that enhances his reputation.
3. If your aura exceeds your actual footprint, use it to your advantage. As Walter says, "The blowfish puffs himself up four, five times larger than normal because it makes him intimidating [to] the other scarier fish.  It's just an illusion.  It's nothing but air.  Now, who messes with the blowfish?"
4. Imitate Walter imitating Apple and take control of distribution. If possible, wholesale or retail your wares yourself, avoiding a costly and possibly perilous "channel."
5. Don't fall in love with your product, particularly if it carries risk. Disaster ensues whenever Walter's right hand man Jesse Pinkman smokes their meth.
6. Don't always trust partners if they have substance issues or if they party too much. Dissipation undermines success.
7. Recognize that you have a lot in common with your enemies and competitors. Walter's brother-in-law Hank is a DEA agent who will stop at nothing to arrest drug dealers and in that sense they mirror one another in ruthlessness.
8. Figure out what your real industry is. As Walter said, "Jesse, you asked me if I was in the meth business or the money business.  Neither.  I'm in the empire business."
9. Take a back seat when necessary. At one point in the series a young chemist named Gael is murdered, and Hank refers to him as the genius behind the infamous blue meth.  Walter can't help but bristle.  He tells Hank that Gael's work was derivative and that the real mastermind was probably still at large.  Walter's pride sparked further investigation and led to his downfall. If only he had kept quiet...
10. Plumb your true motivation.  (SPOILER ALERT)  White repeatedly told his wife that he was selling drugs only to support his family.  In the final episode we learn that he actually enjoyed the feeling of accomplishment.  If he had recognized this sooner, he would have changed his plans accordingly.
Of course, we recognize that Walter White's enterprise was vile and illegal.  Nonetheless, lessons from this sordid saga can help you "break good" in business.
(Photo purchased from shutterstock.)
Follow Greg J. Stone on Twitter: www.twitter.com/stoneidea
More:

Ways to Prepare for Possible Long-Term Care CostsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Smaller House  Bigger Lifereddit
When I was growing up, my friend's mother always drove a Mercedes. I admired that car and owning a Mercedes became part of my definition of success. If I could drive a car with that iconic tri-star symbol, I'd have made something of myself.
It was a big day when I bought my first Mercedes. While I loved driving that car, my favorite part was looking at that symbol on the hood. It made me feel good and feel like I had made it every time I looked at it.
That's the same feeling that fuels a lot of purchases we make in our lives. We want to feel successful. That's the same feeling I believe people are searching for when they buy larger and larger homes, a trend that shows no sign of slowing down.
The average size of new homes being built in the U.S. is 2,679 square feet, up 1,000 square feet in the past 40 years. Yet the average size of our households is decreasing, from 3.01 persons per household in 1973 to a record low of 2.54 in 2013. So, the average amount of living space per person has almost doubled during that period, according to a blog on the American Enterprise Institute website.
The explanation for this phenomenon to me seems to be that these larger homes are inextricably tied to our society's definition of success. The bigger our house, the more successful we must be. We have a picture in our minds that successful people live in big homes, and we feel good about ourselves when we drive up the driveway of our new mansion.  Yes, we often want to let the world know we are successful, but more importantly, we want to remind ourselves.
I took a 13-week sabbatical this summer, during which my wife and I had the opportunity to live in several places, including three weeks in Paris. We lived in a 500-square-foot apartment. To give you an idea of how small it was, one gallon of paint could cover every wall in it.
Yet that space worked for us, and the life we wanted to live in Paris. We had a small bedroom with a comfortable queen-size bed with great curtains that kept out the morning light so we could sleep in. We had a small family room with a comfortable couch that allowed me to read in the morning without disturbing Heidi, and we had a small dining table where we ate breakfast, and I journaled every morning.
During the time we spent in Paris, it occurred to me that the space you live in should empower the life you want to live.
And yet that 5,000-, 7,000- or 10,000-square-foot "Dream House" often does exactly the opposite. We have to spend our time, energy and money to furnish and maintain the home, leaving us less time for activities that we enjoy and may be more meaningful to us. We have less time to spend with friends and loved ones.
We may even feel lonelier as we roam around our large house looking at rooms we hardly ever use.  We can spend a night at home with our family, and hardly ever see each other as we occupy different parts of the house. All so we can feel successful.
Measuring our success by the size of our house or the symbol on our car is really a distortion of what success means. What is really important are the relationships we build, making a difference, and doing what we love to the extent we still can.
If we redefined success to more closely reflect our values, what matters most to us, would we still want the big house? Or would we select the smaller space that allows us more time and energy to devote to relationships and creating our best life?
In many cases, a smaller home that preserves the space we need to live our lives and eliminates the space we never use would serve us better.
What kind of life do you want to be living?  Does the home you live in empower you to do so or distract you from living your best life?
David Geller is the author of Wealth & Happiness: Using Your Wealth to Create a Better Life . He is the CEO of Atlanta-based GV Financial Advisors and is available for professional speaking engagements.
Follow David Geller on Twitter: www.twitter.com/GVFinancial
More:

Meet Jeff Bezos  the man behind Amazon.comMeet Jeff Bezos  the man behind Amazon.com
India s Supreme Court verdict on coal blocks could trigger reforms in the sector: S&PIndia s Supreme Court verdict on coal blocks could trigger reforms in the sector: S&P
Burger King: Being Your Way Is Not OKreddit
In a move apparently to be more progressive and inclusive, Burger King recently changed its motto from "have it your way" to "be your way." It's good the company is trying to be more inclusive , but the company's recent decision to merge with Tim Hortons and move its headquarters to Canada, which reportedly could score tax reductions for the company, is the opposite of progressive -- it's downright regressive.
By merging with Tim Hortons and reincorporating as a new company in our neighbor to the north, Burger King is deserting its American consumer base, leaving average citizens to pick up the tab for the lost taxes from a profitable U.S. business. A business that will continue to operate in our country, have management and workers here, despite becoming on paper a foreign entity.
The whopper of a tax move is called an " inversion " and it is a way for a company to transfer headquarters on paper to another county with lower tax rates or other policies that reduce the amount of U.S. taxes a corporation pays. Dozens of corporations have done it in recent years, and more have deals currently in the works. Each new company announcing its intent to defect to a foreign tax jurisdiction fans the flames of consumer displeasure.
Recently, America's largest drugstore chain, Walgreens, made a tactical retreat and dropped plans to reincorporate after merging with a Swiss company in order to invert . After shoppers and activists united in calling on the company to stay true to its U.S. roots and pay its fair share of corporate taxes, Walgreens decided to keep its headquarters (and tax contributions) here in America.
Given all the rightful criticism of American people and press to the problem of inverted companies, it was welcome news when the U.S. Treasury Department announced last week that it is taking some small but positive steps that went part of the way toward addressing inversions. Treasury did that by  limiting  economic incentives of these inversion deals . The changes to the interpretation of the tax code took away some of the benefits of inversions like ending some types of subsidiary loans, restructuring deals, and cash and property transfers.
Currently, under the tax code, when companies merge and reincorporate in another country but retain 80 percent of their previous shareholders, they are classified as "inverted" under the tax code.  That means the inverted company is treated as domestic for tax purposes and is not able to escape paying its fair share of taxes. The new changes from Treasury tighten up the "80 percent rule" by ensuring that companies aren't able to artificially shrink via dividend payouts or grow by counting passive assets like cash in order to squeak in below the 80 percent previous shareholders threshold.
Legislation is still needed , though. The Stop Corporate Inversions Act, proposed by U.S. Sen. Carl Levin (D-Mich.) and U.S. Rep. Sander Levin (D-Mich.), would lower the definitional threshold for when a company is treated as domestic for tax purposes from the current 80 percent down to 50 percent of the new company's stock being held by previous domestic shareholders.
Until inverted companies that have a majority of the same shareholders are taxed the same as their U.S. parent company, an incentive will exist to game the system.  That's why you should tell your U.S. representative and senators to support the Stop Corporate Inversions Act.
It's clear that congressional action is needed. Despite the new rules from Treasury, Burger King and Tim Hortons still plan to go through with their inversion deal.
So, Burger King, if being "your way" means reincorporating in Canada in an inversion move that could in many people's opinion only be described as shirking your tax duty, it's not OK in my book, as we need all American companies to pay their fair share.
This was crossposted to Public Citizen's CitizenVox.org blog.
Follow Susan E. Harley on Twitter: www.twitter.com/susan_citizen
More:

India took a picture of Marsand found a picture of IndiaDavid Yanofsky @YAN0
October 1, 2014
Indians are swooning over the first images of Mars taken from their country’s Mars Orbiter Mission—and some are saying MOM captured not just the Red Planet, but also an image of India .
Tap image to zoom
UPI reports that the shape resembles the sub-continent is a surface discoloration.
Trying to find any shapes in the dust and clouds may be as meaningful as, well, staring at the clouds of earth. But if the surface of Mars serves as a Rorschach Test, what Indians see on it is likely a manifestation of their patriotic pride over their country’s remarkable ( and remarkably cheap ) space odyssey.
 

India  US target five-fold jump in bilateral tradeIndia  US target five-fold jump in bilateral trade
Rocket set to soar as IPO countdown endsOctober 1, 2014 8:05 pm
Investor concerns as Rocket IPO countdown ends
By Jeevan Vasagar in Berlin and Sally Davies in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/23d41dc6-4981-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Reddit founder plasters DC over net neutrality 
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

Rare Gandhi footage to help launch clean IndiacampaignPrint
Heavy Industries Minister Anant Geete at a cleanliness drive at Udyog Bhavan in New Delhi on Wednesday. Source: Prem Nath Pandey
Written by Raghvendra Rao | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 1:14 am | Updated: October 2, 2014 1:16 am
A four-minute film showing rare footage of Mahatma Gandhi and his ideas on cleanliness is likely to be aired during the launch of the Swachh Bharat mission by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on October 2. Produced by the Information & Broadcasting Ministry, the film showcases several rare video clips and photographs of the Mahatma.
The short film also has several clips of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Independence Day speech, wherein he talked about gifting a Swachh Bharat to Gandhi on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019.
Sources said that the government plans to erect more than a dozen giant screens — possibly at the Rajpath-Rafi Marg crossing where the PM will launch the mission — to show the film. The film is also likely to be aired on Doordarshan.
The initiative, which has been executed in a hurry, is in line with Modi’s directions to the I&B Ministry to dig out the footage and get it ready to be aired on Gandhi Jayanti.
As first reported by The Indian Express, Modi, in an interaction with I&B ministry officials in June, had said that despite there being sufficient archive material available on Gandhi, the content aired on Doordarshan about him was inadequate.
The PM had told ministry officials that he would like to see rare audio and videos of Gandhi retrieved, restored, and packaged as short capsules to be aired on Doordarshan and All India Radio.
At railway stations today
Many of Narendra Modi’s ministers will be participating in the cleanliness drive by the Railways at its stations as part of the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan. A look at who will be where today:
Rajnath Singh: Charbag, Lucknow

The right not tobelieveFreedom of religion and conscience includes the freedom not to believe. And given the fundamental right to freedom of speech, a person is allowed to say she is an atheist.
Posted: October 2, 2014 1:14 am
In 2009, a young couple in Mumbai, Aditi and Aalif, decided that they would not impose a religion on their child. But the municipal corporation refused to give them a birth certificate till they filled in the column on religion. There were four options: Hindu, Muslim, Christian and “other”. There was no “no religion”. Ultimately, they ticked “other”.
The Bombay High Court recently held that government authorities cannot compel a citizen to disclose her religion. Ranjeet Mohite and the others who filed the case belong to a registered organisation, the Full Gospel Church of God, which believes in the existence of Jesus but not in any religion. They argued that they should be allowed to say they have no religion on forms.
Religion is not just theistic, the court observed. Jainism and Buddhism, for instance, do not believe in a supreme being. Freedom of religion and conscience includes the freedom not to believe. And given the fundamental right to freedom of speech and expression, a person is allowed to say she is an atheist. The state is secular and has no religion. It cannot, therefore, compel citizens to fit into one religion or the other.
Based on this analysis, the court issued a direction to the state and the Centre not to compel individuals to declare or specify their religion. It also declared that every individual has a right to claim she does not belong to any religion. On the face of it, the judgment seems to state the obvious. But the relevance and importance of court rulings can only be realised by looking at the socio-political context.
Thomas Jefferson famously said, “The legitimate powers of government extend to such acts only as are injurious to others. But it does me no injury for my neighbour to say there are 20 gods or no god. It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg.” But then he may have been an optimist.
A 2011 survey found that 2.2 billion people worldwide followed Christianity, followed by 1.6 billion who believed in Islam. The next largest group, 1.1 billion people, comprised atheists and agnostics as well as those who were spiritual but did not believe in organised religion. People who believe in “no religion” are not a small minority.
Historically, Indian secularism has been contested terrain. Internationally, there is no agreed-on version of secularism. In the US, for instance, students are allowed to display religious symbols, but France prohibits this in public schools. Turkey has gone a step further and prohibits the display of religious symbols in all educational institutions, public and private. There are no pan-India rules on continued…

Delhi confidential: On thedefensiveExpress News Service | Posted: October 2, 2014 1:10 am
ON THE DEFENSIVE
THE central leadership of the BJP has tried to distance itself from the decision to let controversial politician D P Yadav share stage with party chief Amit Shah at a poll rally in Haryana, and claimed that it was a ‘goof-up’ on part of the local leaders. But this is not the first time it has become evident that Yadav has a few close and influential friends in the BJP. Earlier this year, a section of the party had tried to push his case for nomination as candidate from the Sambhal or Badaun constituency for the Lok Sabha elections. At that time, vehement opposition from the state unit had blocked such a decision.
THE PLEDGE
NOT to be left behind in the entire Swacch Bharat exercise, the University Grants Commission has decided to administer the “Swacch Shapath” to all its employees in its parking area on October 2. In a circular issued on Wednesday, the UGC has directed all its employees to “actively participate in the pledge-taking ceremony”, following which cleaning activities will be carried out by the employees “in a participatory manner”. The commission has asked all bureau heads to ensure the presence of all employees of their respective bureaus. A copy of the pledge has also been circulated.
IN THE LOOP
TWEAKING the existing rules, the Narendra Modi government has decided that chief ministers and other ministers in state governments will now have to inform the Cabinet Secretariat and the Ministry of External Affairs about their proposed foreign visits, both official and private. Till now, the CMs and state ministers were only required to keep the Prime Minister’s Office informed about their foreign visits. Now, they would have to inform the MEA not just while seeking political clearance but also about detailed travel plans till they return.
JUGGLING ROLES
MANY spokespersons of the BJP have successful professional careers and some of them are now finding it difficult to juggle their profession with their role as spokespersons. While Meenakshi Lekhi and M J Akbar have had to reduce their time for their respective professions, Sambit Patra, a successful surgeon, has brought down the number of surgeries in his Kamala Nagar clinic to four or five in a week. Nalin Kohli, on the other hand, has resumed going to the courts which he had stopped during the elections. Kohli, who is trained in semi-classical Indian music, is also said to be considering new ventures in music. Patra, also an accomplished vocalist, has recorded recitations of “Mahishasura mardini sthrortham” and “Durga Sapatasathi path” and put them on Twitter for the devotees to listen to during the Navratri days.

Modis US visit disappointing on outcomes:CongressPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 1:04 am
Terming Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s US visit ‘disappointing’, the Congress on Wednesday lashed out at the PM for reducing diplomacy to “event management” and trying to create an atmosphere through ‘cheerleaders’.
“We wonder whether he had gone there on an election campaign or he was suddenly reminded of his Parliamentary constituency Varanasi,” Congress spokes-person Anand Sha-rma said, adding the Madison Square event was “grand and expensive” for which a “sizeable proportion of cheerleaders” went from India.
“The 18,000 people at Madison Square were not poor. They had booked seats at $5,000 to $10,000 per seat… Who will not come if you have the best of artistes, dancers and musicians from India performing?” he said.
Sharma said there were expectations of some concrete decision on signing the Indo-US nuclear agreement and also of resolving the issue of H1 B visa. “Nothing was done. The PM’s visit was disappointing. Nothing which brought any new turn in the Indo-US relations happened… When you look at the outcomes, it is definitely disappointing,” he said.
“Diplomacy requires gravitas and seriousness, not event management. You (the PM) don’t go there to show through cheerleaders how popular you are,” Sharma said, adding there were “no major take-aways from the visit”.
Talking about Modi’s address at the UN General Assembly, he claimed “two-third of the Assembly hall was empty” when he was speaking. “We needed presence in the plenary hall, not those cheering outside… The small gathering is a matter of concern,” the former Union minister added.
He also said all Indian PMs, who went to the US in the past, were given the honour of addressing the joint session of US Congress but “Modi was not given this honour”. The Congress attacked the PM for “withdrawing”, ahead of his US visit, an order which empowered the drug pricing authority of powers to cap prices of non-essential drugs and then during his visit deciding to set up, in collaboration with the US, a high-level working group on intellectual property to sort out issues which have been hampering investments.
“Our currency has become volatile. That is a matter of concern. Why is it happening if so much foreign exchange is coming in,” Sharma said.

Something about MaryExpress News Service | Posted: October 2, 2014 1:03 am
It must be an absolute test of restraint to save her punches exclusively for the ring. Armed with a mean straight punch and a wickedly potent left hook, not to mention her dancing footwork, very few can escape M.C. Mary Kom’s striking range. Yet, after five World Championships and an Olympic bronze medal, the fiery Manipuri was forced to prove herself all over again, even before heading to Incheon for the Asian Games. Patience was needed to battle the odds and stand her ground against scheming officials who had — in whispers — declared that Mary Kom was past her best.
Having delivered her third child and out of international competition since the London Games, Mary had complained about boxing officials giving her grief: the selection trial dates were pushed around, and she was seldom accorded the respect that a champion of her stature deserved. Mary even suspected that a regional lobby was out to edge her out of contention and it was only media pressure that ensured trials were fair. Meanwhile, a splotchy Bollywood movie did little justice to the real story that has made her into a global icon of women’s boxing — the screentime dedicated to her ring triumph s looked like afterthoughts to the script.
Mary Kom needed this Asian Games gold medal — not because she had anything more to prove to the world but because the champion fibre in her incredibly brave body needed to be played out in real-time. Because an adoring audience needed to see that her life’s struggles were raw and real and not contrived and reel, and respect her as much as they loved her. Her gold medal — India’s seventh — matters, because it speaks about a nation’s pride in a woman who refuses to give up or give in.

No reprieve for Jayalalithaa as HC defers hearing to Oct6Supporters protest against conviction of Jayalalithaa in Coimbatore on Wednesday. Source: PTI
Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: October 2, 2014 1:02 am
Appeals for bail and suspension of four year jail terms filed by former Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa and three of her associates were on Wednesday adjourned to October 6 by a vacation bench of the Karnataka High Court.
The vacation judge, before whom the matter had earlier come up on Tuesday, did not on Wednesday take up a hearing for admission. Justice Ratnakala posted the matter for October 6 stating, “It is in the interest of justice that the applications shall be heard and disposed of by the regular bench.’’
The judge stated that in the event October 6 being a holiday, the matter will be taken up on the following day October 7.
Justice Rathnakala had on Tuesday initially posted the hearing of the appeal filed by Jayalalitha and others to October 6 but advocates for Jayalalithaa had moved the registrar judicial and the Chief Justice of Karnataka for an early hearing and the case was posted for Wednesday.
As soon as the proceedings began on Wednesday Justice Rathnakala sought out the Special Public Prosecutor in the case. With the SPP G Bhavani Singh not present in the court when proceedings began, the judge moved to adjourn the case, but the SPP soon appeared and stated that he was ready to represent the prosecution in the case. The Special Public Prosecutor subsequently filed a memo of appearance and a statement of objections to the pleas filed by Jayalalithaa.
He stated in his objections that Jayalalithaa, as the former CM of Tamil Nadu, is an influential person and that if she is released on bail it would be difficult to secure her arrest again. The SPP has also stated in his objections that Criminal Procedure Code does not allow for the suspension of conviction as sought by Jayalalithaa and three other co-accused and that provisions exist only for the suspension of the sentence.
Senior lawyer Ram Jethmalani appeared for Jayalalithaa along with her regular lawyer M A Venugopal and AIADMK MP Navneet Krishna. A delegation of AIADMK advocates approached the registrar judicial of the Karnataka High Court with a request to post the hearing at the earliest available date. The high court is however officially closed till Monday for Dussehra and there will be no sitting of even a vacation bench over the next three days, the lawyers were told.

Wall Street dips; VIX suggests mkt may be oversoldWall Street dips; VIX level suggests market may be oversold
By Reuters | 1 Oct, 2014, 09.22PM IST
US stocks fell on Wednesday, with investors spooked by the first diagnosis of Ebola in a patient in the United States.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks fell on Wednesday, with investors spooked by the first diagnosis of Ebola in a patient in the United States, but the CBOE Volatility index pared back from earlier gains, suggesting further volatility may be limited.
The VIX, a measure of investor anxiety, rose as much as 7.6 percent on Wednesday, nearing its highest since April, before it shed most of those gains. It last traded up 2.3 percent at 16.69, still well below its long-term average of 20.
Donald Selkin, chief market strategist at National Securities in New York, said the VIX had found resistance near 17, continuing a trend seen in both April and August.
"That's important, because it suggests that when we get to 17, investors think the market is oversold. We could see a bounce, and already it looks like the market is off its lows of the day."
The S&P 500 fell as much as 0.9 percent before recovering modestly to fall 0.7 percent. The benchmark index remains less than 3 percent away from its all-time closing high, "a smaller decline than was seen in previous dips that took the VIX to 17," Selkin said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Review: Pay by Phone or Just Keep Using PlasticAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Stocks slide on data  global fears; Dow falls 200+Wednesday,  1 Oct 2014 |  4:30  PM ET
CNBC.com
SHARES
Markets now: Traders are nervous
Dissecting the current market environment for the first trading day of the new quarter, with the FMHR traders.
U.S. stocks declined sharply on Wednesday, with the fourth quarter starting off on a dour note after the S&P 500's seventh quarterly gain, as investors fretted global concerns, mixed U.S. economic data and earnings ahead.
Benchmark indexes posted their worst beginning to October since 2011 as investors sought safety in U.S. Treasury bonds and gold,with the CBOE Volatility Index , a measure of investor uncertainty, rising. The Russell 2000 fell into correction territory, down 10 percent from its July record.
"In the here and now, there are too many global-macro concerns for investors to have confidence," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities, listing worries about ISIS, Ukraine and Russia, the slowdown in China "and ebola, which is causing things like airline stocks to go down."
Read More Fear factors that are crushing stocks
"As we sit on the eve of earnings season, and we had a bunch of weaker economic data today, and as you look at continued weakness in Europe, there is concern of does it bleed into earnings. It raises some doubt for investors as to what the earnings picture will look like," said Jim Dunigan, managing executive, investments, at PNC Wealth Management.
"October is a ghostly month anyway," Dunigan added.
Read More October off to its worst start in three years
"It's hard to get constructive with headlines of airstrikes in different parts of the world, so there are some doubts about what the economic environment looks like, particularly as we end the asset-purchase program," said PNC's Dunigan, referring to the Federal Reserve's bond buys, which are on track to conclude later this month.
Biotech companies involved in developing Ebola drugs rose, with Tekmira Pharmaceuticals and Sarepta Therapeutics among those rallying. Carriers including Delta Air Lines and JetBlue Airways fell on worries the disease might curb air travel . EBay slid after JPMorgan Chase and Jefferies Group downgraded shares of the online auctioneer.
"Will somebody decide not to go to Dallas? Maybe. I don't see that as a lasting situation," said Dunigan of the U.S. city where the first confirmed U.S. case of Ebola is hospitalized.
The Institute for Supply Management reported its manufacturing index hit 56.6 last month.
A separate report had construction spending dipping 0.8 percent in August.
"At least for today the economic data are a mixed bag; ISM manufacturing and spending could be characterized as weaker than expected," said Hogan.
U.S. private employers created 213,000 jobs last month, with the ADP National Employment Report roughly in line with expectations and coming ahead of Friday's nonfarm payrolls for September.
Symbol

Arvind Kejriwal to wield broom in PM Modi s backyard for Oct 2Arvind Kejriwal to wield broom in PM Modi s backyard for Oct 2
Lean In stories: Naazish YarKhan on taking risks0
After we left NIU, I continued to hold onto this facet of my faith. I wore the hijab with diligence while I interned at Chicago Public Radio and even as I had my first child in 1997. Soon after, I began working full-time at an internet consultancy. I was one of the few people who had a family to rush home to after work. I was one of two people who sounded different when I spoke. I was one of the ones who didn't head out for drinks after hours, because it was against my religious beliefs.
Wanting to fit in and to forge friendships that lasted beyond the eight-hour workday, I began to view the hijab as a symbol of what stood in the way. Over the next few months, I gave up wearing it while on the commute on the train into Chicago. Soon, it came off completely. The Islamically appropriate loose clothes I wore gave way to more form-fitting outfits. I felt comfortable with this new style. But when my boss told me that I'd done the right thing because the hijab posed an invisible barrier between me and our team, it stung.
Happily, I realized that the people who had chosen to be my friends at work while I wore the hijab were the same people who continued to be my friends. Perhaps wearing or discarding the hijab didn't impact my relationships after all.
Over the next decade or so, I ran my own business and did many public speaking engagements. All the while, the hijab stayed off. I told myself that I was a more approachable ambassador of my faith if I didn't wear it. If people had questions about Islam, they would be more comfortable approaching me without the hijab. I noticed that no one knew I was a Muslim unless I brought it up, and my justification for not wearing the hijab began to feel hollow.
In 2011, I completed my masters from Northwestern and decided to build a career in corporate America. This was also the year that I decided to adopt the hijab once again in my own life. I hesitated with what to do at work. I decided I would only wear it outside of work. I thought the hijab could be a strike against me, especially in PR, where image was everything.
But as I reconnected more strongly than ever with my faith, I felt cowardly for hiding my beliefs.
I found the courage to lean in and to wear the hijab in public, at interviews and, if hired, at work. Didn't my faith teach me that as long as we worked hard, bounties came from our Benefactor? I began interviewing with the hijab on. Within weeks I landed my dream job. I wore the hijab with pride.
I recently changed my LinkedIn photograph to a smiling woman in hijab. Am I afraid that future employers may judge me and disregard my potential worth? Certainly. But leaning in takes courage. It is about risk. And I've decided to take one.

Petrol price cut by 54pNew Delhi, September 30, 2014
Updated: October 1, 2014 00:35 IST
Petrol price cut by 54p
PTI
The Hindu Petrol and diesel prices will go up by Rs 2.67 a litre and Rs 2.58 per litre, respectively, after Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee on Friday raised customs and excise duties on the two.
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Petrol price was cut by 54 paisa a litre on Tuesday but the first reduction in diesel rates in over five years was put off until the return of Prime Minister Narendra Modi from the US.
State-owned oil firms, which skipped raising rates on September 16 even though their cost had gone up, cut prices in view of the downward trend in international markets.
Petrol price was reduced by 54 paisa a litre .

A return to social scienceUpdated: October 1, 2014 02:50 IST
A return to social science
Shiv Visvanathan
social sciences
The social sciences have declined as part of the imagination of the university. The subject has been appropriated by security agencies, think tanks and marketing outfits which substitute their current interests for democracy
There are moments in history where talent clusters in little pockets to produce a new excitement around knowledge. One senses a wonderful sparkle about scholarship, a sense of excitement and gossip which spreads all over. All one needs is a few books, a café, a lawn and a few scholars committed to chewing on an idea. One’s sense of the world changes as we watch them play with an idea. What then grows is not just an idea, but a group of friends, a community, and a commons of insights which attracts people from all over. I remember one such place used to be the wonderful group Rajni Kothari built in Delhi in the 1970s and the 1980s. Rajni is now almost forgotten but his ideas are still relevant to the problems of today.
This is an era which has seen the literal death of the Congress, the end of the Planning Commission, the rise of new majoritarianism, the decline of the great social moments; yet, one cannot think of one article or one book which captures this world adequately. Adding insult to intellectual injury, we have a whole array of diasporic intellectuals whose ideas of India are literally embarrassing. Their pastiche of nostalgia, didacticism and post-modernity adds little to the study of everyday issues. There have been a few exceptions to this dismal scene. One thinks of Ashis Nandy or U.R. Ananthamurthy. Both realised that the worlds they were critiquing and celebrating were disappearing before them. It is at these moments that one misses the magic of Rajni and his conversations on politics.
Studying democracy
The house that Rajni built was a bungalow with a few lawns. At lunch every day, the lawns housed an array of chairs, and scholars came, ate and talked. They discussed politics but what they celebrated was democracy, and democracy in all its variants was something all its scholars were committed to. Studying democracy became a ritual game, where experiment followed experiment. Rajni led the group, coming in largely at lunch time, clutching scraps of paper; many were old envelopes on which he jotted notes. Others would walk in. What one ate for lunch was incidental. What one talked about at lunchtime shaped the ideas of a generation.
Rajni brought his sense of Gujarati entrepreneurship to ideas. He triggered election studies inviting political scientists like Myron Wiener, Robert Dahl and Karl Deutsch to India. But politics was more than elections. Rajni and his colleagues realised that social science needed new experiments, new ways of thinking. He created the China Group so that China could be studied as the relevant other. He encouraged Future studies which was the one place where dissenting intellectuals from Eastern Europe could gather safely. The future was treated as a different country that Stalinist regimes of that time need not be paranoid about. He introduced a voluntary group called Lokayan which became a site for a range of grass-root imaginations. Lokayan went beyond the logic of expertise, the arrogance of intellectuals to listen to the experiences of ordinary people. In many ways, the creativity of the network lay not in its originality but in its ability to listen, adopt, mix and rework points of insight.
Rajni helped seed the People’s Union for Civil Liberties (PUCL) to create a tradition of on-the-spot investigations to investigate the violence of the state. PUCL-PUDR (People’s Union for Democratic Rights) produced the classic report on the 1984 riots “Who are the guilty?” PUCL — which was civil society’s presence in every major moment of violence, investigating, chronicling the fate of the victim — has sadly almost disappeared today. One of the ironies we face is the vulnerability of civil society institutions as generations change. His search for different ways of thinking about governance created the journal Alternatives, which he founded along with Dick Falk and Saul Mendlovitz. The scholarship on security demystified security as something constructed by experts. It transformed the discourse into an open-ended demand for people’s security, where peace was something demanded by a people than as a consequence of security. Behind the technicality of all this scholarship, Rajni chaired an oral tradition, a classic adda of politics at lunch time, which made politics come alive.
Politics, for Rajni, represented the most open of systems. Education was elitist, the bureaucracy a club; only politics introduced new forces and new ideas with exciting regularity. It was only in the political domain that the elite, our second-hand elite with its first-hand pretensions, could not remain knowledge-proof about the changes modern democracy was creating.
Pluralism of social science
The Emergency destroyed many of the old hegemonies as a generation of social movements challenged planned development, interrogated the accepted categories of science and questioned the validity of economics as a form of expertise. Rajni and his group were at the forefront of this bandwagon of ideas which dulled the economist’s halo and returned a sense of everydayness and complexity to democracy. I must point out that this was not easy to achieve. Economics was the dominant social science and the aura around planning added a mystique to economists like Sukhamoy Chakraborty, Sen and K.N. Raj. Delhi School was the Mecca and Marxism or some variant of socialism, the dominant ideology of most intellectuals. I remember Rajni handling overbearing Marxists with aplomb. But more than that, what Rajni and his group tried to show was that the categories of each discipline created a captive mind. More than ideology, dominant classifications became the iron cages of the era.
For a reinvention
This thinking added to the pluralism of social science in many ways. It challenged the hegemony of economics and the dominance of Marxism as a dominant intellectual perception. It showed that the university, ironically, was not always the source of original theory. People resisting the regime or the social movements helped invent more understandings of the political than our sedate universities still living off old textbooks on political theory. One was like a collection of heresies, the other a catechism, a collection of orthodoxies that the church or the party could be fond of. Yet, there was something human about the process, where alcohol and laughter often added to the celebration of social science. What gave power to the group was that it behaved like a commons and yet tolerated individuality and difference. Rajni’s was the one institute which openly resisted the Emergency. Everyone, from the gardener and the chowkidar to the academic fellow, was party to the decision-making. It became the benchmark for a later era. As the community aged, it became a dull imitation of itself, idiosyncratic in parts but without realising it was banalising itself. What I will do is to summarise the insights it offers as a fable.
This exploration of the social sciences re-examined a whole glossary of concepts like development, the non-party process, voluntarism, human security, decolonising knowledge and sustainability. Whatever the temporary excitement of a concept, all were validated by the democratic impetus and democracy in turn was interrogated and fine-tuned according to fresh redefinitions; as policy gets confused with politics and think tanks pretend they are democratic instruments. The social sciences have declined as part of the imagination of the university. The subject has been appropriated by security agencies, think tanks and marketing outfits which substitute their current interests for democracy. What we need today is a Futures unit among non-government organisations to challenge the think tanks as a technocratic imagination. We need to rip through the sanitised picturesqueness of the Human Development Report and unravel the nature of violence today. We need to show the creative power of the informal economy rather than treat it as a space to be colonised. Our critique of science needs to be extended to a full-fledged critique of science in relation to a non-Promethean world. We need to collaborate with the ideas of scholars like Gustavo Esteva or Boas Santos who have emphasised the move from liberation to emancipation; where the victim confronts his roots in future oppression. All this would have been done in a non-Utopian way where everydayness, irony and laughter add a touch of scepticism to this work. All this would have been done without nostalgia.
We need a new heuristics for social science, a new attempt to invent a sociological imagination. As a society, we need new mindsets to create a new style of social science, a thinking which can revive the dullness of public policy and the hysterical triteness of social change. Only such a heuristics can reinvent democracy from cliché to a new sense of community.
(Shiv Visvanathan is a professor at Jindal School of Government and Public Policy.)

Windows 10 preview released WednesdayMicrosoft Windows
Windows 10 preview released Wednesday
At its San Francisco event, Microsoft announced that the technical preview of Windows 10 will touchdown tomorrow. The company's new operating system is a long-awaited replacement for its beleaguered Windows 8 platform.
At its San Francisco event, Microsoft announced that the technical preview of Windows 10 will touchdown tomorrow. The company's new operating system is a long-awaited replacement for its beleaguered Windows 8 platform.

Super September for car cos  Maruti Suzuki  Hyundai  Honda  others sales soarE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

GM eyes near-doubling of profit margins© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2b286b36-4977-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Subrata Roy moved back to to his cell in Ti...Subrata Roy moved back to jail, special facilities withdrawn
PTI Oct 1, 2014, 09.04PM IST
(The court had extended Roy's…)
NEW DELHI: Sahara chief Subrata Roy was today sent back to his cell in Tihar jail at the end of the period granted by the Supreme Court to stay at an air conditioned facility in the complex to negotiate sale of his overseas luxury hotels.
The court had extended Roy's stay at the Tihar Jail conference room by 15 days on September 8 for him to sell the properties to raise Rs 10,000 crore to be deposited with SEBI for his bail.
"We received no further extension orders from the court and the duration for which Subrata Roy was allowed to use the conference room with special facilities ended yesterday. He has been shifted back to the jail today. He will be staying at the central jail here in jail number one," Tihar jail DIG Mukesh Prasad told PTI.
Prasad said the shifting was done around 11 AM amid heavy security.
"Both his directors and Roy will stay together in the Central jail here with no special facility available to them any more. Any further directions on the matter from the court are awaited," he said.
The Supreme Court, on August 1 had allowed Roy and two of his group directors to use the fully air-conditioned conference room in Tihar jail complex for 10 days from August 5, within a given time lot of 6:00 am to 8:00 pm.
The meetings held by the group under the surveillance of CCTV cameras.
Roy, 65, was using the conference room with services like Wi-Fi and video-conferencing. He was allowed two laptops, two desktops, landline phones with STD/ISD facilities and a mobile phone.
Two secretarial and one technical person were also allowed to assist him. Roy has been lodged in Tihar Jail since March 4 this year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government allows e-rickshaws to ply on roadsDelhi High Court
(Government said e-rickshaws is…)
NEW DELHI: E-rickshaws can now officially ply on city roads as the government today recognised them as special category three-wheeled vehicles with a maximum speed of 25 kilometre per hour.
The Delhi High Court had put a ban on plying of e-rickshaws due to safety issues.
The Ministry of Road Transport and Highways today notified that 'E-rickshaw means a special purpose battery operated vehicle having three wheels and intended to provide last mile connectivity for transport of passengers.
The government said that such vehicle is constructed or adapted to carry not more than four passengers, excluding the driver, and not more than forty kg luggage in total.
The netpower of its motor is not more than 2,000 watts and the maximum speed of the vehicle is not more than 25 km per hour.
Every driving licence issued or renewed by a licensing authority to drive an e-rickshaw shall be valid for a period of not more than three years from the date of issue, as the case may be, or till the validity of the driving licence, whichever is earlier.
The court had on July 31 banned plying of e-rickshaws on the roads of the national capital saying "prima facie they are a hazard to other traffic as well as citizens."
A High Court bench had left it to Parliament and the Centre to decide what legislative changes need to be introduced to regulate the plying of e-rickshaws.
Road Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari had said that his ministry was working towards addressing the safety concerns as far as the vehicle is concerned and will take necessary steps to bring their plying lawful with necessary modifications in rules and law.
The minister had said that thousands of poor people were deprived of their livelihood due to ban on e-rickshaw.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Narendra Modis US trip high on optics  low on substanceNarendra Modi’s US trip high on optics, low on substance
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 01, 2014
First Published: 20:34 IST(1/10/2014) | Last Updated: 22:31 IST(1/10/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s five-day visit to the United States, which ended early Wednesday, saw the two countries affirm ties with extensive diplomatic weasel words and pageantry, but largely failed to resolve vexing trade and investment issues or deliver any big-ticket measures to elevate relations.
Coming on the back of his successful engagements with the heads of Japan and China, with whom he sealed tens of billions of dollars in investment pledges, Modi’s trip to the United States had raised hopes that he would deliver a new cornerstone in bilateral ties which have drifted over the past few years.
The trip, however, did witness a dramatic turnaround from a time when he was denied a US visa for almost a decade, helping him correct the negative image with American policy makers as well as business leaders he will now count on to bring investments to India.
Read: Narendra Modi's US visit: Was it mission accomplished
Still, the two leaders said they had covered key issues including economics, climate change and regional security besides agreeing to negotiate a 10-year extension of a military cooperation framework due to expire at yearend, and joint efforts against terrorism and militant networks such as Lashkar-e-Taiba.
They also agreed on speeding up the implementation of the civil nuclear deal, the landmark 2005 pact that once came to define ties between the two nations but has since lapsed into an onerous issue over market access.
“I had a very successful tour,” Modi told an audience at his last stop, an event hosted by the USIBC, from where he headed straight to the airport for his flight home.
“Thank you, America,” he said, waving to the audience.
Read: Modi's US visit disappointing, no takeaways: Congress
To be fair, Modi’s main aim of the trip would have been to send out the message that India was strong, and that India is ready to engage with Indian-Americans and the US more broadly, analysts say.
For Obama and Modi, the visit was all about the basics: getting to know each other, committing to get the relationship back on track, and promising to push toward even greater cooperation,” said Michael Kugleman of Wilson Center.
To others, the visit amounted to an official clearing of the air after Modi's visa issue and India's outrage at the arrest in New York last year of one of its diplomats, who was charged with visa fraud and paying her nanny less than the minimum wage.
Read: Modi says 'Thank You America' as he ends trip
One think-tanker differed: “In terms of optics it was a huge success, but are we to overlook the absence of deliverables — packages?”
Rick Rossow of the Center for Strategic and International Studies think tank said the effort Modi had made to interact directly with business leaders and the Indian diaspora during his visit would have been a great encouragement, given some doubts in the business lobby about his commitment to reform.
"The numbers are already showing business is interested," Rossow said, referring to increases in foreign direct investment and institutional investment since Modi came to power.
Ashley Tellis, an international security specialist at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, called the Obama-Modi vision statements "wonderfully aspirational."
"Now we've got to see whether the policies both sides pursue actually get them to where they want to go. The record thus far does not inspire confidence," he said.
(With input from agencies)

Prayers  protests continue for peoples CM JayalalithaaPrayers, protests continue for ‘people’s CM’ Jaya
KV Lakshmana , Hindustan Times  Chennai, October 01, 2014
First Published: 19:35 IST(1/10/2014) | Last Updated: 02:34 IST(2/10/2014)
Comments
Jayalalithaa is no more a Mudal Amaichar, chief minister, but for her countless devotees and party workers, she is a Makkal Mudalavar, people’s chief minister, which they consider far above the post she lost after a court convicted her of corruption.
She was referred to as Makkal Mudalavar in a report telecast by Jaya TV. As it rolls easy on the tongue, her supporters have begun to call her by this title.
 “This is going to stick and people are going to refer to her by this name only,” said a political science professor at a government college, wishing anonymity.
The coinage indicates the faith of party workers and leaders, who have been protesting since Saturday when Jayalalithaa’s taken to a jail in Bangalore.
Read: Adored and also despised, halo falls off Jayalalithaa
On Wednesday morning, her supporters were hopeful of her release, but their hopes were dashed when the Karnataka High Court adjourned the hearing on her bail application.
The disappointment was expressed in varying degrees across the state in all kinds of protests by people from different walks of life.
Fishermen, men, women, students and even children came out on the streets to show their solidarity with Jayalalithaa and demand her immediate release.
In many places shops were shut, despite the festive season.
Fishermen in coastal districts did not go out to sea for the second consecutive day.
Read: One wedding and four convictions, the unravelling of Jayalalithaa
Anger was the most common of emotions of the AIADMK supporters – but this was being expressed in a silent manner, unlike the violence that was unleashed on Saturday
“How can a human punish our god,” screamed one poster in Tamil with the picture of Jayalalithaa in the forefront. AIADMK men and women thronged temples in different districts to propitiate gods and seek their intervention for their leader’s release.
At Rameshwaram, a large group of priests stood waist-deep in sea, chanting prayers to appease Lord Shiva to remove any curse plaguing Jayalalithaa. It is believed that once the curse is broken, she would be free.
Posters with Amma’s pictures sprung up at many temples where special prayers were held.
In Churches across the state, candles were lit and prayers performed for her release.  
Jayalalithaa was sentenced to four years in jail and slapped with Rs. 100 crore fine after being found guilty of corruption by a special court in Bangalore on Saturday. The ruling in an 18-year-old disproportionate assets case dealt a blow to the 66-year-old AIADMK chief, disqualifying her as CM and effectively putting her out of the electoral arena for 10 years.
According to provisions of the Representation of the People Act, a convicted person cannot contest elections for six years beginning from the date of completion of sentence.
There could, however, still be hope for Jayalalithaa because there is an escape route. The Supreme Court has said a convicted person can contest an election if his/her conviction and sentence both are stayed by a superior court.

Centre approves 6 national highways for GujaratYou are here: Home > Collections > Stretch
Centre approves 6 national highways for Gujarat
PTI Oct 1, 2014, 09.10PM IST
(The total cost of these projects…)
GANDHINAGAR: The Centre has approved six new national highways for Gujarat as well as the refurbishing of a 277 km highway between Bhavnagar and Veraval in the Saurashtra region, Gujarat state road and building minister Nitin Patel here today.
"The Gujarat government made several representations to past Union governments to approve this important project, but our demands were unfulfilled. However, the Narendra Modi led government has approved this project and asked the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) to construct this highway in three phases," Patel said.
"The total cost of these projects will be Rs 2,415.22 crore. This will include Rs 908.64 crore for the 94 km stretch between Bhavnagar and Mahuva, Rs 685.54 crore for the 81 km stretch between Mahuva and Una, as well as Rs 821 crore for the 101 km stretch between Una and Veraval, Patel said.
Besides these, the Centre also approved six other national highway projects for different parts of state, Patel said.
"The Centre also approved six more two-lane national highways with a cumulative length of 805 km for the state. As these roads have been converted to national highways, the state need not worry about expenses to maintain or resurface these roads," Patel said.
These projects include Radhanpur-Charada stretch of 165 km, Bhimasar (Kutch)-Khavda stretch of 163 km, Limbdi to Kunda stretch of 85 km, Mahuva to Jetpur stretch of 181 km, the Ahwa to Pipaliya 106 km stretch near Maharashtra border and the 103 km Dhoraji to Jamnagar stretch, he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IPhone 6 buyers are mostly rich  white menVast majority of iPhone 6 buyers are rich, white men
By David Goldman   @DavidGoldmanCNN October 1, 2014: 1:11 PM ET
 
How much does your iPhone really cost?
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Who's buying the iPhone 6 so far? Mostly rich, white guys.
Nearly 80% of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus buyers in the United States are male, according to Slice, a company that tracks consumer purchases.
Two-thirds of iPhone 6 owners are white, and more than half have a college degree. More than 60% make over $75,000 a year.
Did you think those numbers would be a little more evenly distributed? They will be eventually, if history is any indicator.
But there is a certain type of person who rushes to get the newest iPhone early -- either by getting up at 3 a.m. to pre-order the phone or by camping out overnight in front of an Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) Store.
Related: People are now ending iPhones in Apple Stores
Apple did not respond to a request for comment on this story.
A year ago, the people buying the iPhone 5C and iPhone 5S during the first week of sales looked remarkably similar to the people buying the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus this year. More than three-quarters were male, 63% were white, just over half had a college degree, and 59% made over $75,000 a year.
First Published: October 1, 2014: 11:56 AM ET
Most Popular
Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer .
Morningstar: © 2014 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2014. All rights reserved.
Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.
Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2014 and/or its affiliates.
© 2014 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy .
.

Oreo-maker Mondelez teams with Google for video adsOreo-maker Mondelez teams with Google for video ads
Oreo
There are 12 flowers per side on every Oreo sandwich cookie.
There are 12 flowers per side on every Oreo sandwich cookie. (Chuck Berman / Chicago Tribune)
Tribune report
Mondelez International Google Inc. YouTube
Mondelez working with Google to produce online videos.
Mondelez International, which makes snack brands including Oreo, Nabisco, Cadbury and Trident gum, said Wednesday it has joined with Google to produce online videos to boost the visibility of its brands.
The Deerfield-based snack-maker said it will shift 10 percent of its advertising budget to focus on online videos this year. Video, the company said in a statement, will be a “key growth driver” for its brands.
Caption Oreo
There are 12 flowers per side on every Oreo sandwich cookie.
There are 12 flowers per side on every Oreo sandwich cookie. (Chuck Berman / Chicago Tribune)
See more galleries
Caption Ritz crackers
Ritz crackers were introduced by Nabisco in 1934. The name was believed to spur hope about more prosperous times ahead through a nod to the Ritz Carlton hotel, which opened 23 years earlier in New York City.
Ritz crackers were introduced by Nabisco in 1934. The name was believed to spur hope about more prosperous times ahead through a nod to the Ritz Carlton hotel, which opened 23 years earlier in New York City.
See more galleries
Caption Chips Ahoy
The name is based on the nautical reference 'Ships Ahoy' but the phrase is also mentioned in 'The Uncommercial Traveller' by Charles Dickens.
The name is based on the nautical reference 'Ships Ahoy' but the phrase is also mentioned in 'The Uncommercial Traveller' by Charles Dickens.
See more galleries
Caption Premium Saltines
The expression 'Polly wants a cracker' was first used widely in Premium Saltines advertisements during the Great Depression.
The expression 'Polly wants a cracker' was first used widely in Premium Saltines advertisements during the Great Depression.
Caption Cadbury
Simon Dawson / Bloomberg
Cadbury Creme Eggs are made in two parts: one side with the white fondant and the other with a smaller amount of yellow "yolk," and then are bonded together and quickly cooled.
Cadbury Creme Eggs are made in two parts: one side with the white fondant and the other with a smaller amount of yellow "yolk," and then are bonded together and quickly cooled. (Simon Dawson / Bloomberg)
See more galleries
The famous brands of Mondelez
Here's a look at some of the iconic brands of Mondelez, the Deerfield company created through a spin-off of Kraft Foods snack brands. The name comes from the French words for "world" and "delicious."
The famous brands of Mondelez
Here's a look at some of the iconic brands of Mondelez, the Deerfield company created through a spin-off of Kraft Foods snack brands. The name comes from the French words for "world" and "delicious."
"Today, 58 percent of consumers turn to digital platforms for their daily media consumption," said Bonin Bough, vice president of global media and consumer engagement. "Although we've adjusted our media spending to reflect that behavior, there's still a gap. The deal with Google will enable us to close that 'digital divide.'"
Mondelez said it also is partnering with Google through YouTube’s “Brand Partner” program, by offering video content. The company is planning videos featuring "Sour Patch Kids" to air on YouTube in the U.S.
Mondelez said it may expand its video offerings worldwide and include additional brands. 

Californias Jerry Brown vetoes a wrongful conviction bill.By Radley Balko October 1 Follow @radleybalko
Seven years ago , then-California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger vetoed three bills that would have imposed some simple, inexpensive criminal justice reforms in California. The bills were the product of a statewide commission of current and former prosecutors, judges, defense attorneys, and law enforcement officials assembled to study how to prevent wrongful convictions. They would have required police interrogations to be recorded. Prosecutors would have been obligated to find corroborating evidence before calling as witnesses jailhouse informants who had been given time off their sentences in exchange for testimony. The bills also would have created a commission to study the reliability of eyewitness testimony.
The bills passed both houses of the California legislature. But Schwarzenegger vetoed them, after some aggressive lobbying by the California District Attorneys Association. According to the National Registry of Exonerations , since those vetoes in 2007, 39 people in California have been exonerated of felony charges for which they had been wrongly convicted.
California has since elected an allegedly more progressive governor in Jerry Brown. This year, the state legislature again passed a bill aimed at reining in wrongful convictions, this time by allowing judges to inform juries when prosecutors have been caught intentionally withholding exculpatory evidence, which is already a breach of ethics and arguably illegal. It was modest reform that even some state prosecutors supported . Yet Gov. Brown vetoed it. The watchdog site The Open File, picks apart Brown’s justification .
Brown based his  veto  on two claims: first, that “Under current law, judges have an array of remedies at their disposal if a discovery violation comes to light at trial”, and, second, that the bill “would be a sharp departure from current practice that looks to the judiciary to decide how juries should be instructed.”
The first claim ignores the very problem that the bill was designed to remedy by suggesting that the present regime of prosecutorial accountability is perfectly sufficient, when the evidence, not only in  California , but  across the country  continues to mount that too many prosecutors have for too long violated their constitutional and ethical duties as public officials.
The second claim is, if possible, even stranger.  In fact, one could be forgiven for thinking Brown’s office hadn’t read the bill.  To say that an amendment to the penal code which vests discretion in judges is a “sharp departure” from the practice of allowing “the judiciary to decide how juries should be instructed,” is, frankly, bizarre.  But not arbitrary.  It bespeaks a broader truth at work here: when unchecked authority detects even the hint that its prerogatives are being questioned, its reaction is frequently hysterical.  It goes “ballistic” as Assemblyman Ammiano suggested. And when impunity is threatened, reason goes out the window.  Minor reforms are seen as existential threats.
Which, of course, carries through into something broader still.  A national, racialized hysteria over crime that has for decades now fogged the public mind to the enormous human cost of over prosecution and over sentencing.
Jerry Brown had an opportunity to take one baby step toward slowing the rate of this damage.  Alas, the Democratic Governor of perhaps the most reliably Democratic state in the union couldn’t summon the courage.  His party’s capitulation to the law-and-order agenda is apparently too deeply woven into his political identity.  And so he has left it to others to start burning off some of that fog.
It isn’t as if prosecutor misconduct is nonexistent in California.  A 2010 study by the Northern California Innocence Project found 707 instances of prosecutorial misconduct in California courts between 1997 and 2009. And those were merely cases where misconduct had been found by appellate courts. The study also found that over that same period, just 10 state prosecutors were disciplined by the California State Bar. A follow-up study the following year documented 102 cases of misconduct found by California judges in 2010 alone, including 31 in Los Angeles County.  In a ruling last December , Judge Alex Kozinski of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit — which includes California — decried an “epidemic” of Brady violations in America. (“Brady” is shorthand for the Supreme Court decision requiring prosecutors to turn over exculpatory evidence.)
And there are plenty of more specific examples:
In 2007 , an assistant district attorney in Santa Clara County was found to have introduced a faked DNA report into evidence in a sex abuse trial. Subsequent investigations found that the office failed to turn thousands of hours of recorded interviews with alleged sex abuse victims over to defense attorneys. District Attorney Dolores Carr stood by the ADA. When he was suspended by the state bar, she tried to limit the bar’s power to discipline prosecutors (a power that, as noted, is already exercised rather meekly). When a state judge released a man convicted based on bad evidence, Carr vowed to “boycott” the judge . (The convict’s accuser later recanted.) This was all particularly problematic, given that California was home to dozens of false sex abuse convictions in the 1980s and 1990s. In March 2009, the San Jose Mercury News reported that the county crime lab also failed to report hundreds of instances in which its analysts had disagreements over fingerprint matches.
Also in 2007 , a California Court of Appeals ruled that Tulare County deputy district attorney Phil Cline had improperly withheld an exculpatory evidence in the 1986 murder trial of Mark Soderston. The tape was so exculpatory, the court wrote, that “an innocent man might be convicted.” It was too late for Sodersten, who had already died in prison. Yet not only was Cline never disciplined by the state bar, he was elected district attorney in 1992. He continued to win reelection, even after the court opinion. Another prosecutor in the case went on to become a judge.
In 2011, the Ventura County Star reported that the county DA’s office had for years held competitions to see which prosecutor can try the most cases.
In 2012 , the ACLU of Southern California filed a lawsuit alleging that Los Angeles County District Attorney Steve Cooley had adopted “a formal policy that requires prosecutors in his office to suppress all favorable evidence unless the prosecutor is personally convinced that the evidence is true, that prohibits disclosure of any favorable evidence that is relevant to an ongoing administrative or criminal investigation, and that mandates suppression of favorable evidence if a deputy district attorney speculates, pre-trial, that it is unlikely to affect the verdict. As a result, in all criminal prosecutions since at least 2010 . . . have been prohibited by Mr. Cooley from complying with their constitutional and statutory disclosure obligations.” The suit was related to allegations of guard-on-innate violence at the L.A. County jail. It alleged that the DA’s policy was allowing such incidents to be covered up.  Last month, a federal judge excoriated county jail officials for a “culture of corruption” while sentencing six former jail workers to prison. U.S. District Judge Percy Anderson excoriated the county’s “culture of corruption” that enabled law enforcement officials to “shield these dirty deputies from facing the consequence of their crimes.”
In 2008 , an Orange County prosecutor twice asked crime lab analysts to “change” test results that exonerated a defendant in a carjacking. She later told the OC Weekly, “About every week, we ask the crime lab to reconsider findings. Sometimes, they make changes.” She then proceeded to try the defendant anyway. Threatened with a life sentence, he accepted a plea bargain on a lesser charge and a two year sentence. He was imprisoned for 16 months before further DNA tests provided a match to a guy already facing auto theft charges. (Adding insult to injury, the state of California then r efused to compensate the man because, according to state officials, in accepting the plea bargain, he was partly responsible for his own wrongful conviction.)
Just last August , the OC Weekly also reported that a state court had found massive unethical conduct on the part of prosecutors (along with jail officials), including threatening and intimidating a defendant, hiding and destroying records and documents, and talking to the defendant without his attorney present.
In 2012 , the California Supreme Court overturned a death sentence after dissevering that prosecutors failed to disclose key exculpatory evidence in the case. None of the prosecutors were disciplined.
These are merely cases and incidents that I recall from my own reading and reporting. It is by no means a comprehensive list. Whatever “current practice” Jerry Brown believes is in place to deter prosecutors form withholding unfavorable evidence, it doesn’t seem to be working.
 
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

Japans bullet train celebrates 50 yearsOctober 1, 2014 4:34 pm
Japan’s bullet train celebrates its 50th birthday
By Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8ed0f124-4960-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kejriwal to wield broom in Modi s backyardKejriwal to wield broom in Modi's backyard
PTI  New Delhi, October 01, 2014
First Published: 23:30 IST(1/10/2014) | Last Updated: 01:54 IST(2/10/2014)
Comments
As Prime Minister Narendra Modi launches the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan on Thursday, AAP convener Arvind Kejriwal would be leading a clean-up drive by his party in the vicinity of the former's official residence on Race Course road.
Kejriwal, along with his party's volunteers, will take part in the clean-up campaign at BR Camp in the Race Course road area even as Modi launches the Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan in the national capital.
As part of the events to mark the opening of the cleanliness mission tomorrow, the Prime Minister would also be visiting Valmiki Sadan.
Interestingly, Valmiki Sadan is the place where AAP had launched its party symbol, the broom. The Valmiki community is known to be a strong supporter of AAP.
Modi is scheduled to visit Valmiki Sadan on Thursday, which is under the jurisdiction of NDMC, to inaugurate a modern toilet block there.
Talking about the cleanliness mission, Kejriwal said it should not be limited to being a "symbolic" initiative and the authorities should work for the betterment of safai karmacharis.
Kejriwal appealed to the people to participate in the cleanliness drive and, at the same time, in a message aired on FM radio, asked people to give due respect to safai karmacharis.

Jayas bail hearing postponed till next weekJayas bail hearing postponed till next week
Advani praises PM Modi  but says nobody has matched VajpayeeAdvani praises PM Modi  but says nobody has matched Vajpayee
Jihadists holed up in clinic in Iraq-Syria border townJihadists holed up in clinic in Iraq-Syria border town
Brent crude near $95 a barrel but worst seen overBrent crude near $95 a barrel but worst seen over
Lamborghini to unveil 910 horsepower plug-in hybridMost stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer .
Morningstar: © 2014 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2014. All rights reserved.
Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.
Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2014 and/or its affiliates.
© 2014 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy .
.

Vijaya Bank opens 5.64 lakh A/Cs under JDYVijaya Bank opens 5.64 lakh A/Cs under JDY
MNRE to set up 100 MW offshore wind power projectPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 1:48 am
The ministry of new and renewable energy (MNRE) signed an MoU on Wednesday along with a consortium of PSUs to set up a Joint Venture Company (JVC) that will set up the first 100 MW demonstration offshore wind power project in the country along the coast of Gujarat.
The consortium includes National Institute of Wind Energy (NIWE), NTPC Ltd, Power Grid Corporation of India Ltd (PGCIL), Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency, Power Finance Corporation, Power Trading Corporation, and Gujarat Power Corporation Ltd (GPCL).
“Some sites were identified along the Gujarat and Tamil Nadu coasts which have good wind power potential for development of offshore projects. GPCL was more interested so they have been allotted the project. The JVC will undertake detailed feasibility study based on the inputs received from pre-feasibility studies,” said a ministry spokesperson.
He added that subsidy will be provided for setting up of evacuation and transmission infrastructure to connect the project to the main land, in addition to financial support for carrying out studies such as wind resource assessment, environment impact assessment (EIA), oceanographic survey and Bathymetric studies. According to Global Wind Energy Council, Europe leads the way in harnessing offshore wind power with almost 90 per cent of the installations located in the continent.

Centre paves the way for e-carts  longer e-rickshawsPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 1:47 am | Updated: October 2, 2014 8:50 am
In the latest notification issued by the ministry of road and highways on e-rickshaws, the government has made way for ‘e-carts’ — a battery operated three-wheeler similar to e-rickshaws but to be used for carrying luggage — in its amendments.
Additionally, the maximum allowable length for both e-rickshaws and e-carts has been altered to 2.8 metres, as opposed to 2.6 metres in the previous notification dated September 17.
The notification, put up for reference on the ministry website, specifies that e-carts are “adapted for carrying goods by providing a separate load body or compartment with the maximum weight 310 kg in addition to the driver.”
The net power specification of its motor has been stated to not exceed 2000 W, same as that of the e-rickshaw, as has been the maximum speed, 25 km per hour.
While the final draft notification has been vetted by the legislative department of the ministry of law, it has not yet come into force.

Militants say wont strike till relief  rehab reach victimsPrint
Express News Service | Srinagar | Posted: October 2, 2014 1:45 am
United Jihad Council (UJC) said they had unilaterally suspended its military operations in the wake of the floods in Kashmir. According to the militant amalgam, the suspension of operations will continue till “relief and rehabilitation” for people reaches “satisfactory levels”.
“Our militant operations will remain suspended till relief and rehabilitation for those affected reaches satisfactory levels,” UJC chief Syed Salah-ud-din told a local news agency. “The rescue, relief and rehabilitation (of people) is our first and foremost priority. All other things are secondary to us”.
The suspension of operations by militants is indefinite. “It (relief and rehab) is a Himalayan task for which deadlines can not be predicted,” Salah-ud-din said.

CLB rejects Reeboks compounding pleaPrint
Written by Shruti Srivastava | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 1:44 am
The Company Law Board (CLB) has rejected Reebok India’s application that sought compounding in violating certain sections of the Companies Act, 1956.
Compounding is a settlement process under which the accused pays compounding charges in lieu of undergoing consequences of lengthy prosecution. The sportswear maker had sought compounding for offences under Sections 159, 166, 220 and 210 of the Act.
These Sections relate to the preparation of annual returns within 60 days from the day of annual general meeting (AGM); holding AGM; filing balance sheet with registrar of companies (RoC) within 30 days of the AGM; and laying annual accounts and balance sheet before the company in AGMs, respectively.
However, the CLB in its order passed last week, said that although the violations were “technical in nature, it involves the element of criminality of financial scam… therefore the applicants herein do not deserve to get the benefit of composition of offence in terms of Section 621A of the Act and hence, the prosecution filed by the RoC and SFIO may proceed to its logical conclusion”.
According to Section 621A of the Act, offences punishable with only fines or with both fine and imprisonment, committed by a company or any officer can be compounded. An email sent by The Indian Express to the company on Monday for its comments remained unanswered.
Rejection of the compounding application would mean that Reebok India will have to undergo the prosecution filed by the RoC in Tis Hazari Court, Delhi, and the complaint filed by the Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO) in the court of first class magistrate in Gurgaon, Haryana. The SFIO has filed the chargesheet against KPMG India affiliate and its auditing arm BSR & Co along with the sacked top executives of Reebok India, Subhinder Singh Prem and Vishnu Bhagat and 32 others, about two years after the ministry of corporate affairs ordered an investigation into the Reebok case in May 2012.

Amazon to help SMEs achieve global scale: BezosJeff Bezos, founder and CEO of Amazon, poses as he stands on a supply truck at the premises of a shopping mall in Bangalore. (Reuters)
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 1:42 am | Updated: October 2, 2014 8:24 am
Jeff Bezos, CEO of Amazon.com said on Thursday that he is enthused by the success of the company’s Indian operations, and that he would continue to invest here in order to tap the huge opportunity.
Bezos, speaking at an interaction organised by industry chamber Ficci, said that the real segment of focus is the small and medium enterprises (SMEs) and that Amazon India is working on giving SMEs access to a national distribution system, the goal is to make them reach out to global markets.
“The vision is to provide the Indian SME’s the global distribution so that they are able to reach any customer anywhere in the world using the power of internet technology,” Bezos said.
In conversation with Kiran Karnik, former president of software industry body Nasscom, Bezos said that Amazon’s focus remains on invention and is always investing in new ideas.
“We are doing stunningly well (in India) and we have very high expectation…..We take profits from mature businesses and invest in new ideas. Some may work and others may not but the ones that work, we double on it and that is the case with Amazon India. Things that are doing well, we really need to invest in it and that’s why we are investing so much in India,” he said.
Bezos credited the team at Amazon India with the success of their local innovations and said that the Indian operations does have a competitive advantage over others in terms of the brand, access to investment capital, software system, technical knowhow etc.
“Amazon India is a local Indian company and I do not help them, it just happens to have a rich uncle in Seattle who can send money from time to time,” said Bezos.
Speaking about his run-in with failures Bezos said that the web search engine and auctions did not work and it took three generations of failures to finally get the market place model which is a success. He however said that the employees who run with such failures, “don’t get sidelined or are shown the door” instead, they move on with greater things
Bezos also spoke of the potential of mobile and stating that “it is going to be big in India” he said that Amazon is investing in it.

Why The Fed Failed Lehman Brotherswhy the fed failed lehman brothers
Love jihad a social problem  not RSS coinage: NCW chiefsocial issue
The word jihad has been “corrupted by terrorists” and the term “love jihad” has been “incorrectly interpreted” to allude to inter-religious marriages, Lalitha Kumaramangalam, Chairperson of the National Commission for Women (NCW), said here on Tuesday.
In an interview to The Hindu, Ms. Kumaramangalam said: “I don’t approve of this term [love jihad], which was not coined by the BJP and the RSS but used to interpret an occurrence. In the increasing urban milieu, a lot of inter-religious marriages are happening. Society is protesting against what is new, what it is not comfortable with. There is a social outrage against what is against the norm.”
Referring to “love jihad” as a social problem, she said: “The word jihad itself does not mean what it is being used for.” She traced a connection between the issue and social practices that had emerged as a consequence of the skewed sex ratio in the country.
“There are too many gender problems that are clashing, but looked at from a narrow prism. The media too play an unreasonable part. There are a little over 800 women for 1,000 men. Extrapolate that to the country’s population. There are just not enough women, which is why we have cases of one woman being married off to more than one man and bride-buying. Such instances have been reported from Punjab, Haryana and even northern Uttar Pradesh and they cut across castes and religions,” she said.
‘Too many biases’
Critical of the khap panchayats and their diktats on marriages, Ms. Kumaramangalam said there was an urgent need for social reform. “There is social condoning of khaps. Even if the NCW were to protect a couple seeking help, they would still be on the run for the rest of their lives because society is not ready to change its mindset. There are too many biases against women in the form of segregation, callousness and marginalisation. Women are not given their due.”
Women’s Bill
The NCW chief, who has been a national secretary of the BJP and has contested the Lok Sabha election twice, is hopeful that the Women’s Reservation Bill would be tabled in the winter session of Parliament.
She is pushing for more powers to the NCW. “As on date, the NCW does not have enough powers to enforce what it recommends. There is also a need to look at violence against women as more than rape and beating at home; malnutrition, lewd SMSs, cyber crimes, deprivation, no sanitation facilities in schools, along highways, these are all examples of violence too,” she said.
On her agenda is women’s empowerment, gender sensitisation for both sexes and proper utilisation of the Nirbhaya Fund. “There is an urgent need to provide short-term relief as well. There is no immediate redress mechanism, the NCW needs more punitive powers to offer relief to those who come here. Gender sensitisation is as necessary for women as it is for men,” she said.

Hindi media users more likely to back BJP: studyelection
Citizens with higher exposure to the media were much more likely to have voted for the BJP in the 2014 Lok Sabha election, new research says
Citizens with higher exposure to the media were much more likely to have voted for the Bharatiya Janata Party in the 2014 Lok Sabha election, new research says. This was particularly true for those who read Hindi newspapers or watched TV news in Hindi.
Rahul Verma, a political scientist at the University of California, Berkeley, and Shreyas Sardesai of the Lokniti-Centre for the Study of Developing Societies (CSDS), Delhi, who published their study in the Economic and Political Weekly, used data from National Election Studies (NES) conducted by the CSDS between 1996 and 2014. The 2014 NES covered over 20,000 respondents in 306 constituencies, and was demographically representative.
While 31.1 per cent of India voted for the BJP in 2014, the researchers found that this proportion went up to 39 per cent among those with higher media exposure and down to 27 per cent among those with lower media exposure. Those with higher media exposure were also more likely to consider Gujarat a well-governed State and favour Narendra Modi as Prime Minister.
However, at every level of media exposure, the BJP outdid the Congress. Moreover, as the election proceeded, support for the BJP and Mr. Modi grew at all levels of media exposure.
The BJP’s increased chances of doing well among those with more media exposure is not a new trend — even in years when it lost, the party did better among those with higher media exposure than those less exposed, Mr. Verma and Mr. Sardesai found.
The Congress, meanwhile, always does better than the BJP among voters with low media exposure.
The skew in media coverage towards the BJP in this election was unprecedented, Prabhakar, who heads the independent media monitoring agency CMS Media Lab, said. The BJP got 10 percentage points more prime-time coverage than the Congress in the two months before May 16, an unprecedented gap, they found. In 2009, the difference was not more than a percentage point or two, Mr. Prabhakar said.
But is this an association of correlation or causation? Correlation, Mr. Verma found. Those with high media exposure tend also to be richer, more urban, upper caste and younger — the quintessential BJP voter, the researchers found. However, even after all other demographic variables were held constant, voters who watched Hindi news on TV or read Hindi newspapers were still more likely to vote for the BJP.
No consistent link
Mr. Prabhakar concurred, “There is no consistent link between media coverage and outcome. In 2004, the NDA got more coverage but the UPA won.”
TV remains the most popular source of news for Indians: 46 per cent in the NES sample watched news on TV every day as opposed to 26 per cent who got their news from newspapers. The Internet is still a fledgling source of news — radio (9 per cent) is nearly twice as popular as the Internet (5 per cent) as a source of daily news.

Toyota sees 2014 Europe sales at 865k unitsLeroy also said Toyota 's target to sell 1 mn vehicles in the region in 2015 still stood, but he would only push for if it could be done sustainably.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
PARIS: Toyota Motor Corp expects to sell "slightly more" than 865,000 vehicles in Europe this year, up from 847,530 in 2013, the head of its European operations said on Wednesday.
Didier Leroy also said the company's target to sell 1 million vehicles in the region in 2015 still stood, but he would only push for if it could be done sustainably.

Jaya eating simple food in jail |  Case a heady mix of power and wealthYou are here: Home > Collections > Jayalalithaa
Jayalalithaa spends time eating simple food, reading newspapers
PTI Oct 1, 2014, 10.00PM IST
Tags:
conviction
(Jayalalithaa is keeping…)
BANGALORE: AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa is keeping good health and eating simple food besides reading newspapers at the Parapanna Agrahara Central prison where she is lodged after conviction in the disproportionate assets case, according to a jail official.
"Everything you are hearing outside, it is not true. She is stable and keeping good health, but she is eating simple food," the official told PTI, dismissing speculation about her well being.
Asked what food items were served to her, the official said the former Chief Minister ate one or two chappatis, bread, milk or biscuits, everyday.
Contrary to reports that Jayalalithaa was ordering food from outside, he said, "There is no truth in it. We are giving her the food. She is not ordering food from outside."
Asked about the medical arrangements made in the jail, the official said there are six doctors in the prison, who regularly attend to the medical needs of the jail mates, including Jayalalithaa.
Jayalalithaa, who is now prisoner number 7402 at the jail, wakes up early in the morning and takes a stroll in the premises of the prison, the official said.
The 66-year-old three-time chief minister, who has been allotted VVIP cell number 23 of the prison, also reads newspapers without fail, he said.
Replying to another question, the official said Jayalalithaa continued not to meet anybody including AIADMK leaders or supporters even today.
"Even, she (Jayalalithaa) did not feel like meeting Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O Panneerselvam, who was in the city yesterday," the official said.
Meanwhile, Jayalalithaa failed to get any immediate relief from the Karnataka High Court, which deferred until October 7 a hearing on her plea for immediate bail.
Other convicts Jayalalithaa's close aide Sasikala Natarajan, her relatives Elavarasi and Sudhakaran have been given prisoner numbers 7403, 7404 and 7405 respectively.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why hasnt the U.S. closed its airports to travelers from Ebola-ravaged countriesBy Abby Phillip October 4 Follow @abbydphillip
An Ivorian health worker screens international travelers at the Felix Houphouet Boigny International airport in Abidjan, Ivory Coast. (Legnan Koula/EPA)
Now that a man in the United States has been diagnosed with Ebola , some are asking why we haven't stopped allowing people traveling from West Africa into our airports.
Thomas Eric Duncan, the patient currently being treated in the Dallas area, boarded a flight from Liberia on Sept. 19 and arrived in Texas on Sept. 20. United Airlines said Wednesday that it was told by the CDC that Duncan had used the airline to travel from Brussels to Dulles International Airport outside Washington, D.C., before flying from Dulles to Dallas-Fort Worth.
Authorities have said repeatedly that there is no danger of anyone getting sick from flying with Duncan because he was not symptomatic at the time.
CDC Director Tom Frieden spoke at a news conference Saturday addressing concerns regarding CDC's readiness to fight Ebola and why the U.S. hasn't stopped allowing people traveling from West Africa from coming in. (Centers for Disease Control)
But with every connecting flight carrying passengers who have recently been in the Ebola-ravaged countries of Sierra Leone, Guinea or Liberia, the chances of another exportation increase. Scares are increasing, too: On Saturday, CDC officials were dispatched to Newark Liberty International airport after a passenger on an incoming flight from Brussels began vomiting, NBC New York reported .
Several African nations have restricted or banned air travel from Ebola-stricken countries, and airlines including Kenya Airways, British Airways, Air Cote D’Ivoire and Nigeria's Arik Air have suspended flights from the countries. Front Page Africa reported   Wednesday, though, that Kenya Airways and Air Cote D’Ivoire are expected to resume some of their so-called "Ebola flights" this month.
Others airlines have greatly reduced air travel in the region. Some of that is a natural consequence of the fact that few people, save for aid workers and government officials, are traveling in and out of the region.
But other suspensions reflect a widespread fear that a person sick with Ebola could get on a plane and potentially infect other passengers and airline crew members.
The airline industry has been trying to tamp down Ebola fears this week as more and more people ask whether there should be restrictions on who can fly into the United States.
More travel restrictions, though, aren't going to make the world safer when it comes to Ebola, according to several global public health organizations. In fact, they might make the situation worse.
Air travel restrictions ignore the way Ebola is transmitted
Ebola can only be contracted through direct contact with a sick person's bodily fluids. That means saliva, feces, urine, blood, vomit or semen. It isn't transmitted through the air, so you are more likely to catch a cold on a flight than Ebola.
“It is not an optimal measure for controlling the import of Ebola virus disease,” said chief United Nations spokesperson Stephane Dujarric . “The measure does not reflect what is known about the way in which the virus passes between people."
[RELATED: How do you get Ebola ?]
The U.S. has similarly spurned travel restrictions in the face of a more infectious, though less deadly, disease like Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) for similar reasons, even when sick passengers were coming to the U.S.
The State Department has warned U.S. citizens against non-essential travel to Liberia and Sierra Leone, but there are currently no plans to alter the travel warning in the wake of diagnosis, a State Department official told The Post on Wednesday.
The screening procedures at the airport in Monrovia, the Liberian capital, have been in place for months, Deborah R. Malac, the U.S. ambassador to Liberia, told The Post in a telephone interview Thursday. The CDC's Division of Global Migration and Quarantine has worked with airport officials on screening protocols, and, Malac said, CDC officials "have confidence that everything that was supposed to have been done was done."
The restrictions are also redundant
If someone isn't exhibiting symptoms of Ebola, that person is not infectious. And one of the first symptoms of Ebola is a fever. In airports in all of the affected regions and across the world, passengers coming from flights from West Africa are being screened for elevated temperatures.
If a passenger is sick or has a fever, they won't fly . According to the CDC, "a U.S. Department of Transportation rule permits airlines to deny boarding to air travelers with serious contagious diseases that could spread during flight, including travelers with possible Ebola symptoms. This rule applies to all flights of U.S. airlines, and to direct flights (no change of planes) to or from the United States by foreign airlines."
Post by CDC .
Despite the fact that an infected passenger flew from Liberia to Dallas this month, that passenger, Duncan, was not sick -- and was therefore not contagious -- while he was traveling. And once people become symptomatic, they become very sick, very quickly.
In this case, it is unlikely that a sick person could go 10 days without seeking medical care, CDC Director Tom Frieden said on Tuesday.
"At this point, there is zero risk of transmission on the flight," Frieden said. "The illness of Ebola would not have gone on for 10 days before diagnosis. He was checked for fever before getting on the flight, and there's no reason to think that anyone on the flight that he was on would be at risk."
Travel restrictions make fighting Ebola much harder
Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone are already economically isolated because this epidemic has spread far wider and lasted much longer than any other Ebola outbreak in history. What those countries need most now is assistance from the world.
More flight restrictions will only make it more difficult for life-saving aid and medical professionals to reach West Africa. The restrictions already in place have proved so problematic that U.S. military forces are building an "air bridge" to get health workers and medical supplies to affected areas.
"Any discontinuation of transport will affect humanitarian aid, doctors, nurses and human resources entering the country, the transfer of biological sampling and equipment for hospitals," Daniel Menucci , a representative for the World Health Organization Travel and Transport Task Force, said in August. “All of this needs international transporting, international airlines. This will create more problems in helping the countries most affected.”
In Liberia alone, according to the WHO , more than 1,400 people have died after contracting Ebola, more than any other country. And with only one doctor for every 100,000 people in a country of 4.4 million, the country relies on health care workers from across the globe to help control the epidemic there.
[RELATED: These countries are tightening their borders over Ebola fears — against expert advice ]
Controlling the outbreak in West Africa is the only way to make the rest of the world safer
Researchers who have modeled the risk of the international spread of the Ebola virus have been clear that the longer the outbreak goes on and the bigger it is, the more likely Ebola is to spread beyond West Africa to the rest of the world.
"If the epidemic continues at this growth rate and produces more and more cases, obviously the probably increases with time," said Alessandro Vespignani , a Northeastern University professor whose  team has been updating  its model of the chance of global exportation of Ebola cases. "That means that in October, it would be 20 percent or more, and then it will grow. The probability is increasing."
It is also the reason the U.S. has mobilized military and medical resources to aid in the fight.
"The best way to protect the U.S. is to stop the outbreak in West Africa," Beth Bell, Director of the National Center for Emerging and Zoonotic Infectious Diseases at the CDC, said in testimony before Congress last month.
Restricting air travel will make West Africa's humanitarian crisis worse
Ebola has made access to basic resources like food, clean water and basic medical care for other ailments difficult, if not impossible to obtain. Travel restrictions, according to the World Health Organization, will only make that problem worse.
“If you try to shut down air travel and sea travel, you risk affecting to a huge extent the economy, people’s livelihoods and their ability to get around without stopping the virus from traveling,” said Gregory Hartl, a WHO spokesman . “You can’t ship goods in. Sometimes these goods are basic staples people need to survive — food and fuel.”
And in the aftermath of Ebola, the long term consequences of economic and health collapse in Liberia will be the world's burden.
"If the outbreak is not stopped now, we could be looking at hundreds of thousands of people infected, with profound political and economic and security implications for all of us," President Obama said last month. "That has profound effects on all of us, even if we are not directly contracting the disease."
As the worst Ebola outbreak in history unfolds in West Africa, The Post's Joel Achenbach explains how the deadly virus wreaks havoc on the human body. (Davin Coburn/The Washington Post)
Mark Berman and Kevin Sieff contributed to this report.
[This post has been updated.]
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

Bubble Watch: Home Prices 3% Undervalued  With Few Metros Bubbling Upreddit
Home prices now look 3% undervalued measured by long-term fundamentals. Just 7 of the 100 largest metros are more than 10% overvalued.
Trulia's Bubble Watch shows whether home prices are overvalued or undervalued relative to their fundamental value by comparing prices today with historical prices, incomes, and rents. The more prices are overvalued relative to fundamentals, the closer we are to a housing bubble - and the bigger the risk of a price crash. Sharply rising prices aren't necessarily a sign of a bubble. By definition, a bubble develops when prices look high relative to fundamentals.
Bubble watching is as much an art as a science because there's no definitive measure of fundamental value. To try to put numbers on it, we look at the price-to-income ratio, the price-to-rent ratio, and prices relative to their long-term trends. We use multiple data sources, including the Trulia Price Monitor , as leading indicators of where home prices are heading. We combine these various measures of fundamental value rather than relying on a single factor because no one measure is perfect. Trulia's first Bubble Watch report, from May 2013, explains our methodology in detail. Here's what we found this quarter. (This report contains larger-than-usual revisions of previous Bubble Watch estimates. See note.)
Home Prices are 3% Undervalued Nationally
We estimate that home prices nationally are 3% undervalued in the third quarter of 2014 (2014 Q3). In 2006 Q1, during the past decade's housing bubble, home prices soared to 34% overvalued before dropping to 13% undervalued in 2012 Q1. One quarter ago (2014 Q2), prices looked 5% undervalued; one year ago (2013 Q3), prices looked 6% undervalued. This chart shows how far current prices are from a bubble:
Texas and California Metros Look Most Overvalued
The most overvalued market is now Austin , at 19%, followed by the California metros of Los Angeles , Orange County, San Francisco , and Riverside - San Bernardino . The California metros on the top-10 list were all significantly overvalued during the past bubble, ranging from 46% overvalued in San Francisco to a dizzying 87% in Riverside - San Bernardino . By contrast, Austin and Houston are the only metros out of the 100 largest that look more overvalued today than in 2006. Texas markets avoided the worst of the housing bubble during the past decade. Recently, they've had double-digit home-price increases.
Top 10 Metros Where Home Prices Are Most Overvalued
#
Home prices relative to fundamentals, 2014 Q3
Home prices relative to fundamentals, 2006 Q1
Year-over-year change in asking prices, Aug 2014
1

Why Everyone Should Leadreddit
I only recently watched Arianna Huffington's powerful keynote at INBOUND 2013 where she pushed home almost every point there was to make about the essence of new leadership. From allowing feminine values like compassion and caring to break into our thinking to the need to detach from technology occasionally and get more sleep!
As she addressed a room of potential leaders, she spoke about the qualities needed to lead as an individual and that made me think:
What if we've been looking at this in the wrong way all along? Perhaps not completely wrong but in very much a linear way at least. I mean, what if the disciplines required to lead are accurate but the scope through which we understand leadership is not?
What if this 'one man leads all', hollywood superhero image of what we're often told makes a great leader is actually a pretty big problem with how we perceive the notion of leadership itself?
image Maria Gregoriou
That brought to mind our team where we have this line in our culture doc that says 'we grow together' and then I thought..we lead together too. Let me explain:
Leadership is often seen as:
the action of leading a group of people or an organisation, or the ability to do this
So my question is this:
How are we leading as individuals and can one person do everything?
Well, can one person do it all? Not really. I referenced Hollywood earlier as I think the media we consume plays a huge role in the way we process the world around us. There often seems to be disproportionate weight put onto a single individual's shoulders when in actual fact the load can be split very simply by incorporating other people's skills into the equation.
This may be due to understanding leadership through a traditional context and focusing on just a single dimension like giving orders or setting tasks.
One person may be gifted at guiding peers through times of emotional distress, another may be great at setting goals and making sure the team sticks to them.
You see, my point is, in our group there are many leaders, we have:
• a relationship leader
• a strategy leader
• an exercise leader
Leading is a multi level discipline where no one person can possibly be all of these things. Some of us lead by spreading good vibes, others through passing on knowledge, some people lead by creating a buzz in the workplace that motivates others.
You should lead at what you excel at and should be acknowledged and encouraged for doing that.
So are you willing to take on your role based on self analysis and without appointment or approval from others?
image George Vou
A Definition
I'm going to throw out my own definition but before I do, there is one more piece of information we should factor in before defining leadership in the 21st century.
In today's world it's not just about what we do but why we do it. Leaders must be focused on the greater good for both their teams and the environment they live in.
With that in mind, here is my version of what leadership truly is:
Leadership is the ability to help other people get closer to a goal or desired state, to be a catalyst of positive progress
You could be anyone, hold any 'position' in society, make any kind of salary but you will only be leading if you are driving others forward, if you are acting as a catalyst towards them getting closer to where they need to be.
The fact of the matter is, we're all leaders. It's just that some of us haven't decided what we want to lead at yet and others haven't realised the full scope of the power we posses.
Follow George Vou on Twitter: www.twitter.com/george_vou
More:

Hong Kong govt s strategy on protesters: Wait them outHong Kong govt s strategy on protesters: Wait them out
Grain Higher  Beef Pork HigherAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

The markets were clearly under the US dollars control last quarterOctober 1, 2014
Long Shanghai. Short hogs.
Looking through the rearview window, that would have been a great trade to make at the end of June. Shanghai was one of the best performing global indexes during the three months of trading that ended yesterday, rising 15.4%. The third-quarter rally was the index’s best performance since 2009 , which is a bit strange. After all, the Chinese economy is in  seriously rough shape , so it’s likely an indication that the markets expect Chinese policy makers to swoop in prop growth.
Share
Tap image to zoom
The big losers of the quarter were clearly commodities, which were poleaxed by weakening growth in the Chinese economy—a giant consumer of raw materials—and the surging strength of the US dollar. (All else equal, a stronger US dollar lowers the price of commodities priced in dollars.) The strong dollar also hurt bets on local currency bonds issued by emerging market countries and companies.
Of course, there were idiosyncratic stories. Drought conditions have forced ranchers to thin out cattle herds, resulting in higher beef and cattle prices. Surging supplies hammered corn prices. And pig prices plummeted, somewhat reversing  a sharp rise seen earlier this year;  investors worried less about the impact of a pig virus that had unsettled the markets. US small caps represented by the Russell 2000 index slipped sharply.  This is hard to figure, given their high exposure to the improving US economy.
Share this:

San Francisco Expands Free Public Wi-Fi AccessAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

A friendly stroll  if not a full embrace  withObamaPM Narendra Modi on his arrival in New Delhi on Wednesday night. Source; PTI
New York Times | Washington | Posted: October 2, 2014 2:19 am | Updated: October 2, 2014 6:58 am
BY: JULIE HIRSCHFELD DAVIS
In a get-to-know-you visit fraught with awkward undertones, US President Barack Obama and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi sought to repair a strained relationship between their nations on Tuesday, emerging with expressions of goodwill but little in the way of concrete deals.
At an Oval Office meeting and during a stroll around the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial, Obama and Modi emphasised what they had in common as democratic leaders who overcame personal obstacles, campaigned as outsiders and embraced technology as a vital tool in politics and governing.
But their talks yielded no resolutions to thorny disputes over taxes, trade and civilian nuclear energy cooperation that have divided the United States and India in recent years. And there was little sign that human rights — a particularly sensitive topic for Modi, who has been accused of being complicit in deadly anti-Muslim riots — was a major item on the agenda.
“Human rights and the importance of inclusive governance were part of the discussions between the President and the Prime Minister,” Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, told reporters. But a statement issued jointly by the US and India after the talks made no mention of the issue.
The White House has grappled with the perceptions of a visit meant to spotlight the President’s high hopes for working with Modi while not lavishing the full measure of White House pageantry on a leader who until recently was barred from entering the US because of the allegations of human rights abuses more than a decade ago.
Still, in a striking gesture that Modi later said gave their relationship a “new dimension”, the President left the White House on Tuesday to give the Prime Minister a personal tour of the King Memorial. At a luncheon at the State Department not long after, Modi was effusive in thanking Obama “from the core of my heart” for leading him around the memorial. “He took out a lot of time,” Modi said. “We were together yesterday and today for quite some time, and today in fact he took me around, and with such ease and such humility.”
Modi had been denied a visa to visit the US because of accusations that he failed to stop religious violence in Gujarat in 2002, when he was chief minister there, which took the lives of more than 1,000 people, most of them Muslims. On Thursday, while Modi was in New York for the United Nations General Assembly, the human rights group, American Justice Center, filed a lawsuit in federal court in Manhattan against him on behalf of two survivors of the rioting, seeking a judgment that his conduct was tantamount to genocide.
American officials have declined to comment on the case, except to say that sitting heads of government enjoy immunity from lawsuits in continued…

Amritsar: 3 killed in explosion at scrap dealershomePrint
Express News Service | Amritsar | Posted: October 2, 2014 1:58 am
Three people were killed and four were injured in an explosion at a scrap dealer’s house in Gaziwal Maini village in Amritsar district on Wednesday. The explosion occurred when they were unloading scrap collected from an Army range at the house of Tarsem Singh.
Police suspect some unexploded ammunition in the scrap may have triggered the explosion, which took place around 6.30 pm.
The deceased include Parkash Singh (60), a resident of Seron Bagha, and Swaran Singh (45) and Ramesh Singh (42), both residents of Bhaini Ram Dial. Among the injured are Tarsem Singh’s son Komalpreet, Surta Singh, Balwinder Singh and Bakhtawar Singh.
According to Amritsar (Rural) SSP Jasdeep Singh, Komalpreet sustained minor injuries, while Balwinder Singh suffered leg injuries.

Tainted chit fund firm got govt patronage  says OrissaministerPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: October 2, 2014 1:50 am
Even as the Central Bureau of Investigation continues to conduct raids on chit fund firm Seashore Group at several places in Orissa, state Cooperation and Excise Minister and senior BJD leader Damodar Rout on Thursday created a sensation, saying the chit fund firm not too long ago enjoyed the patronage of the Naveen Patnaik government.
“The Seashore Group enjoyed the patronage of the state government. The company was handed over 11 hospitals through the state NGO committee. Besides management responsibilities of tourism spots and cold storages were given to the company. Whoever had given the permission, be it the then secretary or minister, the government is liable, since it is a collective responsibility,” Rout told a local TV channel, causing embarrassment to the ruling party.
So far, the CBI has interrogated two BJD MLAs, raided the house of an MP and summoned some others.
Rout said when he was the health minister, he inquired about the handing over of hospitals to Seashore. “I was told that as per NRHM provisions, the district level NGO committee headed by district Collector and state level committee headed by Health Secretary can recommend NGOs to run hospitals without any permission of the minister concerned,” Rout said. “I asked whether these committees are above the state government, but there was no response.”
He further alleged that government had signed an MoU with the Seashore Group to set up a power plant in the state and also allowed the company to set up a maize processing plant in tribal-dominated Nabarangpur district. “Even there was a bid to hand over Urban Cooperative Bank, Bhubaneswar to Seashore which could not be done due to my opposition,” Rout said.
Incidentally, the Central Economic Intelligence Bureau of the Department of Revenue in March 2011 had informed the state government about illegal money circulation activities of Seashore Group. In a letter to then chief secretary, it had warned that the Seashore Group was luring depositors by offering unreasonably high interest rates. But the interest paid has been shown in the accounts of the company as dividends and has been paid out of the deposits collected from the investors.
“As such, the company has no commensurate business income to make such huge interest payments. In effect, it is running a money circulation scheme,” the Additional Director General of the Central Economic Intelligence Bureau wrote in his letter.
Despite the warning, the Orissa tourism department signed MoU with the company to develop water sports in the Mahanadi in November 2011.
Rout alleged that Rajya Sabha MP Pyari Mohan Mohapatra, who was expelled from BJD in June 2012 over an alleged coup attempt against Naveen Patnaik, was involved in Seashore as its CMD, Prashant Das, was his follower. The Rajya Sabha MP, however, rubbished Rout’s allegation saying the minister should submit evidence regarding before CBI.
Seashore company had opened 42 branches across the state and invested in a number of projects including the hospitals, travel agencies, products, retail outlets, media business, credit cooperatives and multi-purpose projects. It is believed to have duped the continued…

Goldman chat service a message to Wall StGoldman chatroom a message to Wall St
By Tracy Alloway and Camilla Hall in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4adcdb56-4986-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jet Airways-DGCA dispute lands pilots in troubleJet Airways-DGCA dispute lands pilots in trouble
U.S. September auto sales rise 9.4 percent: Autodata CorpU.S. September auto sales rise 9.4 percent: Autodata Corp
Amazed by growth in India; focus only on customer: AmazonAmazed by growth in India; focus only on customer: Amazon
New York Times plans to cut 100 newsroom jobsNew York Times plans to cut 100 newsroom jobs
India s software technology exports rising 8 to 10% yearlyIndia's software technology exports rising 8 to 10% yearly
IANS  Agartala, September 29, 2014
First Published: 15:43 IST(29/9/2014) | Last Updated: 15:54 IST(29/9/2014)
Comments
India's exports from the Software Technology Parks (STP) across India are rising at a pace of 8 to 10% annually and would further increase in the upcoming years as the industry spreads across the country, a senior sector official said.
"There are huge software technology markets across the world and India's export prospect from the sector is extremely vivid," Software Technology Park of India (STPI) director Prabir Kumar Das told IANS.
"Currently India's yearly export growth from the software technology is 8 to 10%. After setting of under construction STPs in different states of the country, the export growth would be at much higher speed."
Das said the overall exports increased from Rs. 226,712 crore in 2011-12 to Rs. 251,498 crore in 2012-13 and the overseas trade further increased to Rs. 275,000 in the 2013-14.
Karnataka, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal, Kerala, Odisha and Delhi are the leading ten states in India in software export.
The STPI, an autonomous society of the union ministry of communications and information technology, was set up in 1991 to implement the STP scheme and to promote software exports by providing infrastructure facilities including high speed data communication (HSDC) links.
It has so far set up STPs in 53 centres across India. STPs are being set up or already commissioned six - Assam, Manipur, Meghalaya, Sikkim, Mizoram and Tripura - of the eight northeastern states. They will be set up in Arunachal Pradesh and Nagaland and preliminary works for the purpose are on.
The STPIs has been providing statutory and other promotional services to the exporters by implementing STP and electronics and hardware technology parks (EHTP) schemes.
Noting the global IT market was constantly growing, Das said that India cannot remain at the rear.
"IT is now not only the common men's tools, but it also boosting a lot to crores of micro, small and medium enterprises besides the big industries," he added.
He said following the taming of the decades-old terrorism in the northeastern states, the STPs in the region would join the country's leading states in software technology exports.
"Supported by the STPI, the STPs in the northeastern region would also play an important role in solving the educated unemployment problem of the region," he said, noting that in Tripura alone, more than 300 B.Tech and M.Tech students in computer science and engineering are passing out from different institutions and around 1,000 students are undergoing different IT courses.
According to an official document, STP scheme, which is a 100% export-oriented plan, has attracted many entrepreneurs in the area of software and services. Until March this year, over 5,000 units were operative out of which 4,200 units have exported software.
Das had signed an MOU with the Tripura information technology department September 25 to set up a STP in Agartala at a cost of Rs. 43 crore.
"The under commission STP in Tripura would further boost the information technology industries in the industry-starved northeastern region," said Tripura Industrial Development Corporation (TIDC) chairman Jitendra Chaudhury.
The TIDC is the nodal body of the STP while Hyderabad-based Avon Technologies India Private limited is the consultant and Mumbai-based D.K. Infrastructure Private Limited is executing the project.
"The STPI has prepared the detailed project report and would provide the entire fund of Rs. 43 crore for the STP," said Chaudhury, adding it would provide all sorts of facilities for the growth of IT industries in the northeastern region for the purpose of socio-economic development.
"The STP would help the authorities to reach out to citizens with more efficient and productive government services," he said adding that it would serve as an important tool to create maximum job opportunities as well as absorbing a large portion of the educated unemployed.

Huawei ties up with Flipkart to sell first 4G Honor phone onlineHuawei ties up with Flipkart to sell first 4G ‘Honor’ phone online
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 29, 2014
First Published: 23:40 IST(29/9/2014) | Last Updated: 23:43 IST(29/9/2014)
Comments
Huawei, the third-largest maker of smartphones in the world with a market share of 6.7%, on Monday announced an exclusive tie-up with India’s largest e-commerce marketplace Flipkart, to sell its ‘Honor’ range of devices.
The company launched four devices under Honor series, which will be available exclusively on Flipkart from October 6. There will be no offline retail of this series.
The company also launched tablet MediaPad Honor T1 in India, priced at Rs. 9,999. The company said as part of the strategy it will sell Ascend series handsets through offline retail.
“Our product line up for the next quarter is exciting and promising and we are confident that our tie-up with Flipkart will further fuel our growth and success in India,” said Cai Liqun, CEO, Huawei Telecommunications (India). “We are aiming to sell 1 million smartphones in 2014 and are on track to achieve our target.”
Priced at Rs. 19,999 and the flagship device, Honor 6, is a 4G phone, which comes with 3GB RAM and 13 megapixel rear camera.
“At the onset of the festive season, the devices including — two smartphones — Honor 6 and Honor Holly and two tablets — Honor X1 and Honor T1 will be available to the 26 million regular visitors of Flipkart,” Huawei India president (consumer business group) Allen Wang said.

Wal-Mart Where Cops Shot Man Pulls Air Rifleswal-mart where cops shot man pulls air rifles
Jackpot: Stocks that hit 40% gains in Q3EMAIL
AP
Want to make 40% on your money in three months? Who doesn’t? These stocks actually delivered a jackpot in the third quarter.
There are six stocks in the broad Standard & Poor’s 1500 index, including materials company Century Aluminum (CENX) , VASCO Data Security (VDSI) and United States Steel (X) that jumped 40% or more during the third quarter, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ.
There’s no question that a 40% gain was not the norm during the quarter. The S&P 500 index inched up just 0.6% during the quarter. No, that’s not exactly awe-inspiring performance, but it’s not bad enough to make investors wish they’d stayed away. Besides, the quarter was relatively drama-free making the ho-hum returns tolerable.
But investors looking for more action definitely had plenty of options. Century Aluminum, seller of the metal alloy in the U.S. and Iceland, soared 68% during the third quarter. The company turned a profit of an adjusted 22 cents a share in the quarter ended in June. Investors loved that — not just because it snapped a streak of losing money for four quarters but it beat expectations by 22%. The stock has come off lately, but it has still had a monster quarter.
Another huge winner during the quarter was U.S. Steel. Ending years of pain, the steel maker’s stock is up 53% during the third quarter. The steel company is also marching back into the black. U.S. Steel is expected to earn $1.17 a share on an adjusted basis in the third quarter, reversing a year-ago loss of 14 cents a share, S&P Capital IQ says.
If you didn’t own these stocks during the third quarter, sorry. At least you can look at the pictures — and be glad the quarter wound up fine for most.
And don’t think it’s a good idea to blindly jump on these stocks if you missed them. Two of the stocks United Therapeutics (UTHR) and International Rectifier (IRF) have already jumped past analysts’ 18-month price targets. International Rectifier is being bought. And two of the stocks, including U.S. Steel, are rated hold.
Company

Retirement: Personalize your retirement saving0
For example, you've probably already gotten the memo to stash 10 percent to 15 percent of your annual income (including any employer match) in your retirement account from day one. That strategy not only lets you take advantage of the magic of compounding, but it also encourages the habit of saving and keeps your contribution level in step with pay raises. At the end of a 40-year career, you should have enough to see you safely through a 25- or 30-year retirement.
Straightforward as the plan may be, however, it fails to acknowledge the bumps and potholes that inevitably show up on the path from young adulthood to retirement age. Kids constitute a major detour, says Sylvester Schieber, former chairman of the Social Security Advisory Board. "People who have a child are probably going to be consuming differently and saving differently than if they don't have children," he says. Other savings off-ramps include buying a house, paying off student debt and suffering a job loss.
How to choose between setting aside money for, say, college or a house and saving for retirement? "When I talk to people who say they are going to stop saving for retirement and start saving for college, I suggest they adjust downward, not stop," says Stephen Utkus, director of the Vanguard Center for Retirement Research. Easing up on retirement savings for a few years shouldn't slow you down too much if you've fueled your accounts early on.
Eventually, kids grow up, mortgages get paid off, and income rises. By the time you're in your mid fifties, you may be able to free up 20 percent or more of your annual income for retirement savings. And once you hit 50, you can make an annual catch-up contribution of $5,500 to your 401(k) in addition to your maximum annual contribution ($17,500). You can also add $1,000 to your IRA on top of the annual max of $5,500.
Still, keep in mind that a late-life crisis, such as a health problem or forced retirement, could affect or even destroy your ability to recoup. Letting your savings grow over time remains the recipe for retirement readiness, says Thomas Duffy, a certified financial planner in Shrewsbury, N.J. "When you make tomato sauce, you have to let it simmer. Money's the same way."
(Jane Bennett Clark is a senior editor at Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine. Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com . And for more on this and similar money topics, visit Kiplinger.com .)
(c) 2014 Kiplinger's Personal Finance; Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

Health Inc.: Big Pharma Paid Billions to Doctorshealth inc.: big pharma paid billions to doctors
ISIS Beheads 3 Women In SyriaSyria Blasts At School Kill 32, Including 10 Kids
 | By                                                                ALBERT AJI and DIAA HADID
Posted:
reddit
DAMASCUS, Syria (AP) — Twin bombings near an elementary school in Syria killed at least 32 people on Wednesday, including at least 10 children, with the second blast going off as screaming parents frantically searched for their sons and daughters in a street littered with school bags and body parts.
Syrian children are frequently among the victims of attacks in the country's civil war, but on Wednesday they appear to have been the target. The first vehicle exploded as children were leaving school, and the second struck as adults carried away bodies, sending a new wave of panic through the crowd.
The attack occurred outside the Ekremah al-Makhzoumi elementary school in a government-controlled area of the central city of Homs dominated by minority Alawites, the Shiite offshoot sect to which President Bashar Assad's family belongs. It was one of the deadliest incidents in the area in months.
The SANA state news agency said at least 32 people were killed and 115 wounded in the attacks. A local official, speaking on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to brief the media, said immediately after the bombings that at least 10 of the dead were children.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights put the death toll in the twin attacks at 39, including 30 children under the age of 12. It said the second blast was caused by a suicide bomber.
The discrepancy in the casualty figures could not be immediately reconciled, but tolls frequently differ in the chaotic aftermath of attacks.
In footage of the bombings posted on a pro-government Facebook page, one man shouts "Hurry! Hurry! Hurry! Take him to the hospital!" as another man appears to drag away a child by his arms. Two little girls and a boy scream and cry as they are carried away.
Other people rush about, narrowly avoiding a child's severed head lying on the pavement. Smoke billows from a burning vehicle. As one boy tugs on a man's hand another blast goes off. A young girl covers her ears as others scream and run away. "Oh God! Oh God!" one man hoarsely shouts.
The video appeared genuine and was consistent with Associated Press reporting of events.
Homs Governor Talal Barazi described the blasts as a "terrorist act and a desperate attempt that targeted school children."
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for Wednesday's attack, but Syrian rebels fighting to oust Assad have carried out numerous bombings in government-held areas of Homs.
All sides have carried out horrific attacks on civilians during the conflict -- now in its fourth year -- but rarely have children appeared to be the direct target.
In May, Syrian government forces bombed a complex in the northern city of Aleppo that housed a school alongside a rebel compound. At least 19 people, including 10 children, were killed in that incident.
Meanwhile, the Observatory reported Wednesday that militants of the Islamic State group beheaded nine Kurdish fighters, including three women, captured in clashes near the Syria-Turkey border. Dozens of militants and Kurdish fighters were killed in the fighting, it said.
Images posted Wednesday on social media networks show women's heads placed on a cement block, said to be in the northern Syrian city of Jarablous, which is held by militants. The photos could not be independently verified but corresponded to Associated Press reporting of the event.
The Kurdish fighters were taken prisoner during the battle over the northern Syrian town of Kobani, also known as Ayn Arab, according to the Observatory, which gathers its information from activists inside Syria.
The chief Kurdish group fighting in Syria, known as the YPG, advocates gender equality, and women fight alongside men.
Kurdish forces have been locked in fierce clashes with Islamic State militants in and around Kobani since the extremist group launched an assault in mid-September. The fighting has created one of the single largest exoduses in Syria's civil war, with more than 160,000 people fleeing into Turkey, U.N. humanitarian chief Valerie Amos said Tuesday.
More refugees streamed into Turkey from Kobani on Wednesday, according to an AP journalist on the border. Turkish authorities were registering them and busing them to refugee camps. Others were being picked up at the border by their relatives in Turkey.
Islamic State militants have staked out positions east, west and south of Kobani. Thick dark smoke could be seen rising from an area south of the town on Wednesday.
The Islamic State group has pressed its assault on Kobani despite airstrikes by the U.S.-led coalition on its positions. The U.S. has been bombing the Islamic State group across Syria since last week and in neighboring Iraq since early August.
The U.S. military said American warplanes conducted three airstrikes against Islamic State militants in Syria near Kobani overnight and Wednesday, destroying an armed vehicle, an artillery piece and a tank.
U.S. and British warplanes also carried out five airstrikes in neighboring Iraq, knocking out two armed vehicles, a militant-occupied building and two fighting positions northwest of Mosul, the country's second largest city, which fell to the Islamic State group in June.
One strike near the Haditha dam in Anbar province destroyed an armed vehicle, while another air raid outside Baghdad eliminated two armed vehicles.
___
Hadid reported from Beirut. Associated Press writer Burhan Ozbilici in Mursitpinar, Turkey, contributed to this report.
___
Follow Diaa Hadid on Twitter at twitter.com/diaahadid
Related on HuffPost:

Marketing Titans: Annemarie Frank and Consumer Engagementreddit
Connections 2014 brought several opportunities to speak with marketing giants. The interview below continues my series from the conference and offers further insight into the present state of marketing and where it is going. Annemarie Frank is the Vice President of Marketing for HSN.  Prior to HSN, she was Executive Director, Digital and Business Development at Avon Products, Inc. Her experience in the industry is outweighed only by her passion to serve the customer.
How has consumer engagement changed with HSN since 2011?
"The fact that there are so many new ways to engage with the customer is the biggest change, and the most exciting. For example, games have become a big part of our platform. These provide a personal interaction that the individual can recall. Additionally, social platforms have taken a big roll in digital engagement, especially Pinterest, which acts as a discovery platform for the person who regularly shops with us. Our mobile app also takes a front row seat with engagement, as we've found that many of our customers dual-screen (they look at their phone as they watch one of our programs). Our mobile app features a live chat option which allows the person to directly speak with the hosts of the program. Through our app and games we can see engagement and improve upon it. Our goal is to fold the brand experience into our customer's daily habits, providing solutions that help and serve each person, individually."
In your marketing experience, where does print play a role?
"Print needs to be reserved for targeted campaigns. Using predictive models, we (HSN) are able to figure out how to maximize print and direct mail with measurable results. Usually, print is part of a multi-touch campaign where the person has had other exposures, most of which are digital. It's always very specific because it has to be. The days of random print campaigns are long gone."
How has consumer marketing shifted over the last five years?
"The biggest shift is the idea of relevance. There's been a reframing of consumer marketing from 'how can I sell x number of units' to 'how can I deliver value to my customer'. This reframing changes how you go to the market and ask the questions. Another way it's shifted is the importance of understanding the effectiveness of your marketing. Back in the day, most companies focused on the click-attribution and considered this linear measurement the most valuable. After that, the new measurement was how many "downloads" (ebook, study, etc.) a company could get. Many marketers still have the download and click as the end objective and the absolute measure of success. Obviously, these types of goals don't take into account the multi-faceted customer, do very little in the long run for brand engagement, and can ultimately represent a disconnect between the measurement and what's really happening. To be successful, a marketer must understand the path in the engagement. Our customer is smart, well-researched, and aware of what's going on in the industry because she wants to find what's best for her. Instead of focusing on a download or click, learn the path of the customer and engage accordingly."
What are some challenges you face on a regular basis, and how do you alleviate them?
"Big data is the first one for sure. Skill is required to create meaning in the data and inspire action. Data moves faster than companies, so it's hard to keep pace. You can only do so much but as a marketer you want to use it all, but you have to parse it out and use what is required to meet your customer where they are in the experience."
"Another challenge is content, because there are so many ways a brand can fold into a person's daily life. Content needs to be contextually relevant and inspirational. The different type of content should help a relevant audience and should speak to the person being targeted so that they can be served in the best possible way. This challenge also goes back to my first point, in that you have to know what data to use in order to create the content and then where to send it. Right now we are just chomping at the bit to use what we have in order to help the customer. As said before, content is not just an eBook or a blog post. Its copy, its responsive design, its video, it's a tweet, it's a Pin. Broaden your mind about content and work towards the best possible way to engage (and serve) your customer."
What attracts you to the consumer marketing industry?
"I'm passionate about serving the customer. Changes in this industry always keep you on your toes. It requires you to be a passionate customer advocate because it forces the customer into the driver's seat and allows them to control the experience. I love that. It's about the customer, and the blend of technology and marketing enables me (and marketers like me) to utilize the tech that gets me closer to who the customer is and where they are in the experience. Salesforce's Journey Builder has been, and will be, phenomenal in helping us accomplish that. Remember my comment about Big data and mining through it? Software like JB helps sort through it all."
What advice to you have to a marketer going into the consumer marketing industry?
"Jump in, ask lots of questions, and pursue the opportunities. There are so many opportunities, so choose according to your interest, and always, always, always put yourself in your customer's path. Focus on them and what their needs are, keep them top of mind, and pursue every endeavor with them as the end goal."
This interview continues a series dedicated to the interviews and experiences had at Connections 2014. In marketing, it's no longer about tricking, persuading, or influencing the customer. Marketing is about serving the customer. Special thanks to Anna Marie Frank for this interview.
Follow Joseph Parker on Twitter: www.twitter.com/josephpkr
More:

Stocks slide on global fears; Russell in correctionWednesday,  1 Oct 2014 |  4:30  PM ET
CNBC.com
SHARES
Markets now: Traders are nervous
Dissecting the current market environment for the first trading day of the new quarter, with the FMHR traders.
U.S. stocks declined sharply on Wednesday, with the fourth quarter starting off on a dour note after the S&P 500's seventh quarterly gain, as investors fretted global concerns, mixed U.S. economic data and earnings ahead.
Benchmark indexes posted their worst beginning to October since 2011 as investors sought safety in U.S. Treasury bonds and gold,with the CBOE Volatility Index , a measure of investor uncertainty, rising. The Russell 2000 fell into correction territory, down 10 percent from its July record.
"In the here and now, there are too many global-macro concerns for investors to have confidence," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities, listing worries about ISIS, Ukraine and Russia, the slowdown in China "and ebola, which is causing things like airline stocks to go down."
Read More Fear factors that are crushing stocks
"As we sit on the eve of earnings season, and we had a bunch of weaker economic data today, and as you look at continued weakness in Europe, there is concern of does it bleed into earnings. It raises some doubt for investors as to what the earnings picture will look like," said Jim Dunigan, managing executive, investments, at PNC Wealth Management.
"October is a ghostly month anyway," Dunigan added.
Read More October off to its worst start in three years
"It's hard to get constructive with headlines of airstrikes in different parts of the world, so there are some doubts about what the economic environment looks like, particularly as we end the asset-purchase program," said PNC's Dunigan, referring to the Federal Reserve's bond buys, which are on track to conclude later this month.
Biotech companies involved in developing Ebola drugs rose, with Tekmira Pharmaceuticals and Sarepta Therapeutics among those rallying. Carriers including Delta Air Lines and JetBlue Airways fell on worries the disease might curb air travel . EBay slid after JPMorgan Chase and Jefferies Group downgraded shares of the online auctioneer.
"Will somebody decide not to go to Dallas? Maybe. I don't see that as a lasting situation," said Dunigan of the U.S. city where the first confirmed U.S. case of Ebola is hospitalized.
The Institute for Supply Management reported its manufacturing index hit 56.6 last month.
A separate report had construction spending dipping 0.8 percent in August.
"At least for today the economic data are a mixed bag; ISM manufacturing and spending could be characterized as weaker than expected," said Hogan.
U.S. private employers created 213,000 jobs last month, with the ADP National Employment Report roughly in line with expectations and coming ahead of Friday's nonfarm payrolls for September.
Symbol

Amazon to sell packaged food on it s sites ...Now, Amazon to sell packaged food, beverages on it's sites in India
Radhika P Nair & Aditi Shrivastava, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 02.04AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(The platform has already…)
BANGALORE: Online marketplace Amazon India is set to sell packaged foods and beverages on its portalas the fight for top honours intensifies in e-tailing. It's the first big e-commerce portal to enter this category in India. Amazon, which launched its India operations last June, is planning to unveil the category in the middle of October before Diwali, which falls on October 23, said a person who has direct knowledge of the launch.
The platform has already begun accepting bookings for Coca-Cola Zero, the beverage major's low-calorie variant and will begin deliveries next week. "Amazon will start with about 100 gourmet products for now and expand to a much wider assortment in a few months," said the source. Amazon did not respond to an emailed query on the development. The marketplace will not offer fresh foods, like fruits and vegetables, for now.
"But they will get into fresh food eventually in India," said another person. Both people spoke on the condition of anonymity. The e-commerce company started delivering fresh groceries under AmazonFresh in 2007 in its home city of Seattle. The service is now available in Southern and Northern California, including Los Angeles and San Francisco. In India, Amazon is in talks with brands like breakfast cereal maker Kelloggs and nachos manufacturer Cornitos.
Olympia Industries, a premium seller on Amazon that is selling Coca-Cola Zero on the platform, has already started stocking other food brands in Amazon's Manesar warehouse, according to a vendor who is in talks with Olympia and Amazon for his food and beverages brand. Olympia also did not respond to ET's emailed questionnaire.
Online grocery retail is a difficult category, said experts. "The idea of selling pack ged food online is still at its infancy," said Arvind Singhal, chairman of retail advisory firm Technopak. "I think Amazon may at first limit deliveries to a few cities, since even the average transaction value is relatively low," Singhal said.
Amazon's competitors Snapdeal and Flipkart are yet to foray into F&B. Flipkart's chief executive Sachin Bansal has aid in previous conversations with ET that the company will not get into groceries or automobiles. However, the opportunity in India is large. The Indian food industry is expected to reach about $200 billion (Rs 12 lakh crore) by 2015, according to a report by KPMG.
A handful of grocery focused sites like Big-Basket and LocalBanya have set up operations in a few cities. Bangalore-based Big-Basket raised Rs 200 crore in September from Helion Venture Partners, Zodius Fund II with Avendus and existing investors Ascent Capital and LionRock Capital.
Amazon, on its part, made its intentions clear in July when founder Jeff Bezos announced $2 billion (over Rs 12,200 crore) investment into the company's India operations. At that time, Amit Agarwal, Amazon India's country head, had said the focus will remain on adding on more categories.
This strategy has worked well for Amazon so far. The company sells products across about 30 categories and hosts over 8,500 merchants on its platform. Bezos, who is on a visit to India, revealed its India platform had sold $1 billion (Rs 6,100 crore) worth of products in a year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Twitter grants $10 mn to MIT for social data...Twitter grants $10 mn to MIT for social data analysis, new tools
By Reuters | 2 Oct, 2014, 02.04AM IST
Over five years, the university's researchers will organize a vast quantity of content from Twitter, Reddit and other online forums and build new communication tools
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: Twitter Inc on Wednesday gave $10 million to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology for research that would explore how people use and achieve shared goals using social networks.
Over five years, the university's researchers will organize a vast quantity of content from Twitter, Reddit and other online forums and build new communication tools that journalists, policy experts and researchers can use to uncover new patterns and trends.
The new MIT lab is called the "Laboratory of Social Machines."
MIT will access data from Gnip, a Twitter-owned website that stores a vast database of historic tweets. Twitter has previously awarded smaller sums of funding to academic institutions in a program known as "Twitter Data Grants", but the MIT grant is significant due to its size and scope.
There is an "openendness" to the research, said Deb Roy , an associate professor at MIT's Media Lab , which is dedicated to projects at the convergence of technology, science and design. Roy said he has a close relationship with Twitter, in part because his former company Bluefin Labs was acquired by Twitter in 2013.
"Twitter has a special role to play in this concept of social change," said Roy.
Roy said he hopes to understand how far certain messages travel online, and the origins of rumors, opinions and ideas. The research could yield new tools for the press as well as people working on "gender equality and speech in the public sphere," he said.
"Twitter is seizing the opportunity to go deeper into research to understand the role Twitter and other platforms play in the way people communicate, the effect that rapid and fluid communication can have and apply those findings to complex societal issues," said Twitter chief executive Dick Costolo in a statement.
A Twitter spokeswoman said the company plans to invest more funding into academic research and stressed that the data will not be traced back to individual users.

Google launches projects for internet awarenessYou are here: Home > Collections > Internet
Google launches various projects aimed at increasing internet awareness among Indian women
Gulveen Aulakh, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 01.45AM IST
Tags:
Aircel
(Google, launched the Android…)
NEW DELHI: It was a strange-looking cart that Google brought a year back into Maheshwar, home to one of India's finest handloom fabric traditions in Madhya Pradesh. It had a few tablets with internet connections. That was the first exposure to the Net for 17-year-old Varsha Vishkarma, at a time when overall internet connections in India would have easily crossed the 100-million mark.
Taking to it immediately, Varsha is now helping her mother, a saree weaver, and other women weavers in the town to seek inspiration from designs and work culture in modern cities like Mumbai and even London, and incorporate them into their weaves. "This (Internet) wasn't available during my mother's time, but had it been, she would have progressed. We have it now," says Varsha, who wants to become a fashion designer and has started training for her goal already.
As India prepares to take the digital leap with plans of connecting the uninitiated through massive broadband highways, internet search giant Google said that a large chunk of the fairer sex isn't still aware of such an enabler. "We did a study with I-cube and found that in India, internet is unequal by demographic data," said Google India's marketing director Sandeep Menon.
"Only 30% of internet users were women in a country with well over 238 million internet users." Of the total Indian 60-80 million households that use internet, 2 million had internet connection of some sort where women did not use the internet at all, the findings revealed, prompting Google to create the Help Women Get Online (HWGO) programme which it launched in November last year.
Another report by the Vodafone Foundation and the Cherie Blair Foundation points out that 15% of women in areas with mobile coverage never use mobile phones, and 300 million fewer women than men own a mobile device. Menon said that Google aims to bring 50 million women online in India within this year, and if things go as planned, it rapidly plans to cover all women over the next couple of years, at a time when the Indian government wants every Indian to be connected to the Internet.
"We're going parallel with the Digital India programme. The government has always been clear that everyone should try the internet, we're doing our small bit," he added. Google's programme included the HWGO website, aimed at educating women about how to use the internet, services like chat, email, search and mobile internet, apart from the benefits of using the internet and how it can enrich their lives.
It also offers direct links to recipes, beauty and household tips that would help women using the net for the first time. "When we went to semi-urban or rural areas, the top demand from the net was how do we get ahead in life, what are the skill sets required," said Menon, adding that the biggest challenges in the country were lack of access and awareness.
The California-headquartered company, that launched the Android One programme last week to get the next billion people on smartphones, tied up with various NGOs across India to conduct pilot programmes in several remote areas, including Bhilwada in Rajasthan where 100,000 women were trained in two months. Over 700,000 women in several cities of Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra were trained on how to use the internet in partnership with local education institutes and government departments, including dairy associations.
The company recently tied up with Samsung and Aircel, where Aircel would give free data on purchase of Samsung mobile phones in Tamil Nadu. With about 616 million women in India, and close to half below the 25-year age bracket, Corporate India is also chipping in to bridge the gender divide. Norwegian telecom major Telenor's India arm recently tied up global body GSMA to launch 'Project Sampark' as a pilot venture to assess barriers women face while accessing mobile services such as affordability, mental block or social stigma attached to women owning a handset.
Uninor will contribute $113,654 while GSMA will grant $70,000 to support the seven-month long project. "Gender disparity is also echoed in mobile usage," said Morten Karlsen Sorby, CEO, Uninor.
 
This is a significant area of concern for the company which chose to address the issue of accessibility by offering mobile phones. In the pilot phase, 40 women and four supervisors will participate, including Anganwadi and ASHA supporters in the region, who can persuasively spread the message across 87 villages of Aligarh district of Western UP.
The project will aim to enhance teledensity among women, especially in the rural pockets of India, where women are far less likely to own a handset than men.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Up to 18 exposed to U.S. Ebola patient  including childrenUp to 18 exposed to U.S. Ebola patient  including children
In Muzaffarnagar rerun  BJP to felicitate Moradabad riot accusedOur men bravely went to jail, says UP BJP spokesperson. Source: Express File
Written by Lalmani Verma | Lucknow | Posted: October 2, 2014 2:49 am
The BJP will felicitate 63 party workers who were jailed after the July 4 street violence in Moradabad, in which the then district magistrate was badly injured. BJP supporters had clashed with police after a mahapanchayat called to protest the removal of a loudspeaker from a temple in the town’s Kanth area was disallowed.
The BJP workers were released on bail on September 26. The party’s Amroha unit will felicitate them on October 5, for supposedly having spent three months in jail fighting for the rights of Dalit Hindus.
UP BJP president Lakshmikant Bajpai and general secretary (organisation) Sunil Bansal have been invited to the felicitation ceremony, along with several officebearers of the RSS in western UP.
On November 21, 2013, the UP BJP had felicitated its MLAs Suresh Rana and Sangeet Som in the presence of Bajpai and the then state party in-charge Amit Shah on a stage in Agra, from which Narendra Modi, then the prime ministerial candidate of the NDA, spoke shortly afterward.
Rana and Som, whom Bajpai had described as “heroes” and “saviours of Hindus”, had been booked by the UP government for instigating the September 2013 communal riots in Muzaffarnagar, but subsequently let out on bail.
BJP leaders said 29 of the 63 workers who will be felicitated on October 5 are from Amroha, 19 are from Bijnor, eight from Moradabad, and 7 from Sambhal.
The Amroha district president of the BJP, Girish Tyagi, said the workers had been booked for rioting, attempt to murder, causing hurt, unlawful assembly, and damaging public and Railway property. The ceremony would boost the morale of  23 BJP workers who are still in jail, Tyagi said.
The workers will be given the title of “Jail yatri”, and presented with a garland, shawl and memento.
BJP state spokesperson Anila Singh said she would attend the felicitation ceremony. “These workers bravely went to jail for an issue raised by the party. They will be encouraged, and the morale of other party workers too will rise,” she said.
BJP workers and other local people had clashed with police after being prevented from holding a mahapanchayat against the removal of a loudspeaker from a temple in Akbarpur Chanderi Nayagaon village. The protesters said the loudspeaker had been in operation for 40 years, and had been removed at the behest of the local Peace Party MLA, Aneesur Rahman.
MLA Som, and MPs Sarvesh Kumar Singh (Moradabad), Nepal Singh (Rampur), Kanwar Singh Tanwar (Amroha), and Satyapal Saini (Sambhal), and the BJP western UP president Bhupendra Singh, were detained at different places after they tried to defy the district administration’s ban on the mahapanchayat.
During the protests and stone-throwing, a stone had hit the then district magistrate of Amroha, Chandra Kant, in the eye. The BJP had later alleged that its party workers were arrested before the incident took place.

PM plans social media challenge to clean IndiaWritten by Avishek G Dastidar , Liz Mathew | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 2:45 am
A “clean India challenge”, almost on the lines of the ALS ice bucket challenge that went viral across the world recently, may unfold itself across social media platforms on Thursday. And the first person to take up the challenge may be none other than Prime Minister Narendra Modi himself.
According to sources, Modi will kick off a nationwide challenge by cleaning a portion of a road or locality and then “tagging” some prominent persons to do the same — much like the ice bucket challenge.
The idea of the “clean India challenge” is to upload “before and after” videos — showing the person cleaning the area — on social media platforms like Facebook, and naming or tagging people of their choice to do the same. Modi, sources said, will tag famous names including some industrialists, cabinet colleagues and other celebrities.
A BJP leader said the PM would launch a massive campaign on Thursday and it  would “be something that will inspire youth and encourage others to follow his steps.” Pointing out that social media would be a key platform to spread the message, he said, “The entire social media platform will be flooded with the Prime Minister’s messages and the campaign will continue till October 2, 2019… He wants key people in the government and in the private sector to help him make it a success.”
Instead of making the Swachha Bharat Abhiyaan — to be launched Thursday — a one-day affair, sources said the PM was keen to involve the entire country. The BJP’s backend IT team is working overtime to make the initiative, anchored by mygov.in, a hit on YouTube, Facebook and Twitter.
BJP national secretary Shrikant Sharma said the PM wanted a sustained campaign. “He is not someone who does anything for a photo-op. He started talking about this mission since his first speech in Parliament and he wants to get it done. So all measures will be taken to ensure the campaign’s success,” he said.

Pune college girl raped  ex-bouncer arrestedPrint
Express News Service | Pune | Posted: October 2, 2014 2:32 am
An 18-Year-old student of a premier college here was allegedly raped by a 32-year-old man at a secluded spot near Range Hills in Khadki, Pune, on Monday night. The accused, identified as Novel Joseph, a former bouncer, has been arrested.
“The victim and her family were staying in a foreign country for the past several years and the girl did her education abroad. They all shifted to Pune a few months back, and the victim was enrolled for a BA course at a college here,” said Inspector (Crime) S B Nikam of the Bundgarden police station.
According to the police, the victim said she was on a two-wheeler and had dropped off her mother at a hospital at around 11 pm on Monday. She was then on her way to meet a friend in another college. When she was near the Pune railway station area, the accused, who was also on a motorcycle, reportedly pointed to her two-wheeler and told her she had dropped something. So she stopped her two-wheeler to check.
“When she was talking to this man, she realised that she had lost her way. By this time, her phone had run out battery so she asked the man if she could access Facebook from his phone and find the number of her friend. She found the number and made a call to  her friend from his phone. Her friend and the man spoke to each other. The man then told her that that her friend had asked him to show her the way to Range Hills area, and he would pick her up from there,” said Nikam.
The accused reportedly told her he was on his way to the same area and asked her to follow him. “He took a turn from a bridge near Khadki station. When she realised that she had been taken to a secluded area, he told her he was taking a shorter route. When she refused to go further, he forcefully took to the side of the road and threatened to kill her. He then raped her there,” said Nikam.
The victim told the police that the accused had also clicked her photos. After he left her there, she made her way to a petrol pump at around 1 am, where she was found by some people who called the police.
“She told us that she had made a call from the cellphone of the accused. The man was identified and his address traced, but he had left the place… We then got further information about his location, and arrested him,” said a police officer.
“The accused has been arrested and his interrogation will reveal more details,” said DCP Sudhakar Pathare.

Probe Delhi attack on our boys  African envoys write to MEATwo are from Gabon, and the third is from Burkina Faso. Source; Prawesh Lama
Written by Prawesh Lama , Ananya Bhardwaj | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 2:26 am
Taking serious note of the attack on three students of African origin at the Rajiv Chowk metro station in New Delhi last Sunday, the ambassadors of Gabon and Burkina Faso have written to the Ministry of External Affairs “expressing deep concern” and urging the government to “work in close cooperation with police for a fair investigation”.
Desire Koumba, Gabon’s ambassador to India, confirmed that he and his Burkina Faso counterpart Idriss Raoua Ouedraogo had written to the MEA expressing concern.
Last Sunday, the three youths — Mapaga (22) and Yohan (22) from Gabon and Guira (20) from Burkina Faso — were nearly lynched by a mob at the Rajiv Chowk metro station in the presence of a policeman. Cornered and assaulted inside a police booth, they escaped with serious injuries on the head and arms. Mapaga was also bitten on the leg while they were being attacked with rods, glass shards, even tables.
Not one of their assailants has been arrested so far though video clips of the attack have gone viral on YouTube. Only a case of rioting, causing hurt and damage to public property has been registered by police.

Audi buys the California dreamThe myth of premium petrol
Audi grabs California's first autonomous driving permit
California's new autonomous driving law has gone into effect, and Audi is the first carmaker to be awarded an official permit. While the state has allowed self-driving cars on the road, the new law sets specific guidelines and opens up autonomous driving to any company willing to pay for the $150 permit – and the minimum $5m insurance policy per vehicle. Audi has two permits for testing, as does Mercedes-Benz, and Google bought up 25 of them. Audi has already logged thousands of miles with its autonomous vehicles in California as well as in neighbouring Nevada, where it also has a permit. The Ingolstadt, Germany-based brand also was the first carmaker to use Florida's so-called connected car highway, a dedicated stretch of road in Tampa certified for testing of autonomous cars.
Citroën's greenest Cactus
(PSA Peugeot-Citroën)
Leading up the Paris motor show, where press previews begin 2 October, Citroën released specs on its latest hybrid concept, the C4 Cactus Airflow 2L. At just 885kg (about 1,950lbs), the concept is dressed in carbon fibre, lightweight aluminium and high-strength steel, which conspire to slash roughly 220lbs from the standard C4 Cactus crossover. Three adjustable front air intakes cool the engine, while wheel shutters open and close, resulting in a claimed 20% increase in aerodynamics. The most impressive green tech, though, is reserved for the so-called Hybrid Air powertrain. The system uses energy from regenerative braking to compress air into tanks. This air is then released to power a hydraulic pump that drives the front wheels, either alone or in tandem with a three-cylinder gasoline-powered engine. Two litres of fuel are all that is burned in 100km of travel. Though just a concept, the Airflow 2L demonstrates that green-car tech still has plenty of room to grow.
Easing congestion one car at a time
(Newspress)
Researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) have outlined a new traffic-management system, called RoadRunner, that strives to steer cars around congested roads. As a car enters a specific roadway, a small receiver on the car’s dashboard wirelessly grabs a digital “token”. When a roadway has dispensed its pre-determined allotment of these virtual tokens, all other cars receive turn-by-turn voice directions to alternate routes, until traffic subsides. According to field trials, the vehicle-to-vehicle (V2V)-based traffic solution resulted in an 8% increase in overall vehicle speed. Don't expect your commute to ease just yet, however; MIT is still conducting trials in Singapore and has only tested about 10 vehicles in the US.
This doesn't sound like your papa's pony
(Ford Motor)
While testing the new 2.3-litre turbocharged 2015 Ford Mustang , Road & Track magazine deduced that noises from the car’s four-cylinder engine were being channelled through the vehicle's stereo system. Ford mentioned this over a year ago to Britain’s Car magazine, but the news was slow to trickle across the pond. The automaker calls it Active Noise Control, which cancels out some engine noises while enhancing others. Short of pulling the fuse that controls the audio system, the feature cannot be defeated. Notably, the Mustang’s six- and eight-cylinder engines do not receive any aural enhancement.
General Motors eyes a fix for distracted driving
Seeing Machines' Fovio, an eye-tracking piece of hardware. (Seeing Machines)
The US carmaker is tackling distracted driving with a system that monitors head and eye movement. According to a report by The Financial Times, the technology – created by the safety firms Seeing Machines and Takata – uses cameras to track a driver's head position and eyes, and pairs the collected data with a 3D image of a vehicle's interior. The system uses the information to determine where the driver is looking, to within one degree of accuracy. General Motors may purchase up to 500,000 of the systems over the next three to five years according to the report, though the automaker has yet to confirm its intentions.
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .

Secretaries  travel cut  even when ministers tourSecretaries  travel cut  even when ministers tour
Sensex likely to hit 31K by December 2015: CitigroupSensex likely to hit 31K by December 2015: Citigroup
Fresh bid to end WTO impasseFresh bid to end WTO impasse
Islamic State is a Growing  Love State : Propaganda Letter Mocks ObamaIslamic State is a Growing  Love State : Propaganda Letter Mocks Obama
Our order books for scooters are full: Keita MuramatsuOur order books for scooters are full: Keita Muramatsu
Here s What A Billionaire s Social Calendar Looks Likereddit
It's time to chart the course for the yacht and fuel up the Gulfstream.
Tucked inside an 87-page billionaire census report , published by market research firm Wealth-X and Swiss bank UBS, is a social calendar of all the events frequented by those with 10-figure net worths.
We didn't even know that snow polo existed.
More:

Top ten reasons for inflation declineThe RBI is ‘comfortable’ with reaching the inflation target of 8 per cent in December, but less sanguine about reaching the 6 per cent target by January 2016.
Written by Surjit S Bhalla | Posted: October 1, 2014 12:25 am
There are at least 10 reasons why it is likely that the RBI will be forced to cut repo rates well before the market expects. Most market participants do not believe that the RBI will cut rates at all until late 2015. In this article, I present evidence (yet again!) that the Indian economy can absorb (needs) rate cuts without any danger of generating inflation. Hence, either I will be gloriously wrong or several market experts (including the IMF) will be. The RBI, a major actor in this duel, has decided to plead the fifth (I have a right to remain silent in order to prevent self-incrimination). In the monetary policy statement released yesterday, the RBI concludes: “Future policy stance will be influenced by the Reserve Bank’s projections of inflation relative to the medium-term objective (6 per cent by January 2016), while being contingent on incoming data.” In other words, the RBI cannot make a mistake because it will cut rates when it will cut rates.
The top 10 reasons, in increasing order of importance, of why one should expect the RBI’s 6 per cent target for January 2016 to be reached:
C R Sasikumar
Ten, the MGNREGA. This rural employment programme is inflationary because its operation pushes wages up beyond productivity growth. I have never been a believer in this way out-of-the-box reasoning for the simple reason that even at the best of times, the MGNREGA never provided wages for more than 1 per cent of rural workdays. But believers please note: the Rs 33,000 crore of expenditures budgeted for 2014-15 is worth half (in real terms) of the Rs 40,000 crore level of expenditures in 2009-10.
Nine, rainfall. Around June, we were talking of a drought situation with its attendant effects on food inflation. Again, precious little evidence exists that droughts have any impact on inflation, or that food surplus causes disinflation. The two years 2012 and 2013 were in the top third of rainfall for India since 1871 — and they were among the two best years of agricultural production, and the two worst years for food inflation. So much for that idea, sirji.
Eight, expectations. Thankfully, the September monetary policy statement does not mention the phrase “inflation expectations” even once. If there is a departure from the RBI statements for the last six years, it is this. I guess the RBI must have concluded that its inflation expectations survey is worse than junk. This is significant progress.
Seven, world growth. Unlike six months ago, world GDP is on the brink of a recession continued…

Madison Square Garden cheer wasnt just for ModiJust as Japanese Americans gained respect in the US in the aftermath of World War II when Japan became powerful, Indian Americans can expect the same.
Posted: October 1, 2014 12:22 am | Updated: October 1, 2014 12:23 am
By: Srividhya Ragavan and Raj Dave
Indians are in an exploration phase. Mangalyaan goes to Mars and the prime minister to Washington DC. India has reasons to be ecstatic about the Mars mission, as well as the American visit of its new leader, who will be armed with the glory that a victory with a huge majority in a democracy of one plus billion people befits. For the United States, too, this is an important moment. India is an exemplar in its standing as a functioning democracy of one billion people, especially considering its diversity.
For Indians living in the US, it is time to ask, what does this mean for us? We are a unique community. The Indian diaspora is one of the most economically influential communities in the US. A recent study published by IBNLive reported that as a community, Indian Americans top the US Census charts as comprising the best-educated and highest-paid amongst the 38.1 million foreign-born Americans. Yet we do not have much clout on Capitol Hill to help define the India-US relationship. This is in contrast to other communities, like Jews, whose economic clout also translates into political power, especially regarding American policy towards Israel.
There are about 3.1 million people of Indian origin in the US. It is time for the Indian diaspora to show a strong interest in starting a platform for leaders of second-generation Indian Americans in the US and seeing India-US ties flourish. Such interest is important to ensure Indian Americans become leaders in the US, not just in business, science, medicine and engineering, but also in politics and law, and that negotiations between the two great nations result in policies that impact India positively. Indians in the US should be proud of their origin and they have a duty to ensure that their presence is acknowledged and respected in the US. Indian Americans must promote community interest in the US. Outreach by Indian Americans to India, and by Indian politicians to Indian Americans would be mutually beneficial. Indian-Americans must showcase India’s strategic, political and economic position in South Asia to the US. Just as Japanese Americans gained respect in the US in the aftermath of World War II, when Japan became powerful, Indian Americans can expect the same under present circumstances. As one of the few countries in Asia where the US enjoys a positive image, India remains a friendly country to America.
Indian Americans would do well to take a leaf from the Jewish community’s book. The community has engaged itself in an organised effort to ensure that its interests are well represented. For a Jewish population of 5.3 million in continued…

Modi And Obamas warThe real issue is not about double standards on terrorism.
Written by C Raja Mohan | Posted: October 1, 2014 12:31 am | Updated: October 1, 2014 8:01 am
Will he or won’t he? As Prime Minister Narendra Modi wraps up his visit to the United States in Washington, there has been much speculation on whether New Delhi might join President Barack Obama’s renewed war on terror in the Middle East, this time focused on the Islamic State (IS).
All those looking for the “Obama-twists-Modi’s-arms” narrative — a long tradition in Indian media coverage of relations with America — have focused on what the prime minister might say on the latest turn of events in the Middle East and India’s approach to the international coalition that Obama is trying to put together against the IS.
Modi did not give away much. In his address to the United Nations General Assembly and the talk at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York, Modi condemned terrorism as a great challenge for humanity as a whole and insisted that it can be defeated only through collective action. In a vision statement issued after their dinner meeting at the White House on Monday, Modi and Obama declared “together, we will combat terrorist threats and keep our homelands and citizens safe from attacks”. Delightfully vague again; for clarity, sometimes, is the enemy of sensible diplomacy.
Contrary to the “pressure theory”, there was no expectation in official Washington that India will become a major element of the international coalition against the IS. Even limited support from India, diplomatic and rhetorical, would be welcome in Washington. Realists in both countries know that the success or failure of the campaign against the IS will depend on the political dynamic in the Middle East and on the shifting equations between Washington and different regional players in the region, especially Iran, Saudi Arabia, Egypt and Turkey.
Double Standards
In his public remarks, Modi touched on India’s traditional concerns about international double standards on terrorism. He pointed to the fact that only when a country is directly affected by terrorism is it prepared to appreciate the kind of challenge that violent extremism poses.
Modi’s reference to shifting American attitudes towards terrorism is equally applicable to India. Delhi used to dismiss Western concerns on terrorism in the Middle East during the 1970s. India’s line then was pretty simple: solve the dispute between Israel and Arabs and terrorism would simply disappear. Much like those in Pakistan who say terrorism will cease if India allows “self-determination” in Jammu and Kashmir. It was only when India’s own house was on fire, starting from the 1980s, that Delhi started getting more serious about international terrorism. But even today, India is not as vocal about terrorism in the Middle East and the support for it from some of Delhi’s friends in the region. Official India tends to talk largely about Pakistan and its support of cross-border terrorism.
There are some in Delhi’s foreign policy establishment who say that the policies of the continued…

Amazon Closing Distribution Plant in KansasAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

US Stocks Drop Sharply; Airlines SinkAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Ukraines frozen conflict still flaringUkraine’s ‘frozen’ conflict still flaring
By Roman Olearchyk
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/082bb104-4947-11e4-9d7e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Moms first boyfriend might influence later offspring (for flies  anyway)By Rachel Feltman October 1 Follow @rachelfeltman
Neriid flies may pass on traits even if they don't pass on genes. (Russell Bonduriansky)
What if your genetic destiny wasn't written solely by your two biological parents, but also by your mother's first sexual partner? That's the case for Neriid flies, who seem to develop differently based on the traits of their mothers' previous flings.
Researchers had observed that these flies seemed to inherit their stature in an unusual way: If flies were fed well and fattened up, scientists observed, their offspring would be bigger. In other words, fly daddies seemed to be passing along their nurtured size as a "natured" trait.
In a new study published in Ecology Letters, researchers set out to prove that it was something in the flies' semen — not their genes — that caused the size change. “The entire ejaculate has a whole bunch of other things in it; only 5 percent is the sperm itself,” lead study author and University of New South Wales post-doctoral researcher Angela Crean told Popular Science . “The sperm is what fertilizes the egg, but you have all these sugars and proteins and fluid that carry that sperm." And it's possible that some of those molecules are designed to affect female reproduction.
To test the theory, Crean and her colleagues produced large and small male flies by way of feeding, then mated them with immature females. Later, these females were mated again — and this time, fully mature, they produced offspring.
But the kids didn't look much like dad: Even though the second male had provided the genetic material, the next generation of flies favored the size of their mother's first mating partner. Even though the genetic material of those first males hadn't fertilized the eggs, the special compounds in their semen (the actual composition of which is still unknown) may have gotten through.
It's possible, the researchers say, that something similar could happen in other animals — and even in humans. Unfortunately, National Geographic reports , human semen contains hundreds of different compounds, so it would be nearly impossible to prove that one of them was used to hijack other males' reproduction.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Different Windows operating systems to be merged into single core with interfaces suited to each type of device 
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

A Better Leader by Sitting in Front of Your Computerreddit
By Even Fossen
When I was young I, by some peculiar reason I do not even remember today, had the ambition of becoming the CEO of a substantial company by the age of 30. I did not make it, but by the age of 33 I could check that off my list. However, looking back I must admit that even though my ambitions were solid and well articulated, I had absolutely no structured plan for how to grow as a leader. My only recipe for success back then was the same one as many other leaders we still meet today have: To work as hard and much as possible giving it my best shot! I looked around at my peers, and tried to adopt the positive traits and avoid the things I did not like. I was eager to learn, but I had no idea where to turn in order to learn leadership as a discipline except for going back to the university. Which I did not at all have time for.
Years passed by, and my leadership evolved by trial and error. Now and then I read leadership literature, and I used my team as a live research lab. Looking back I must admit that there were things happening that I am quite proud of, alongside with things I almost blush by just thinking of today. As time passed by, I formed my leadership style and in the latter years I led a solid team of people, who also were confident in giving me feedback and corrections underway.
Today we meet many leaders who are facing the same challenges, but we also meet a new breed of leaders. These are young and confident people, often with only a few years' experience as a leader, but still with a crystal clear point of view of what "good" leadership is. Their definition is built upon the last year's trends and research within leadership, and is often in line with how we look upon leadership after all these years. It is always great to meet leaders like this, and the only hope we have for them, is that they keep on being adaptive and are able to change their own leadership style as time passes by. Being adaptable to change is actually equally important to spending decades growing into an experienced leader.
What we see is, that in order to be a good leader, it is not the years as a leader that count the most, nor the personality of this person. It is the ability to look upon leadership as a discipline, with a set of methods and tools that are adaptive and the best possible fit for achieving the results you are trying to reach, given the premises of your team and surroundings.
The good thing with this is the possibility to short-cut the learning curve for how to become a brilliant leader! Methods, processes, and tools can be learned by anyone, and by mixing these skills with the ambitions, interest, and enthusiasm needed to be a good leader - you are heading in the right direction.
So given that "doing it the hard way" by spending years to evolve as a good leader is not the only way to go, what is the optimum way of learning applied leadership? Is it to get a solid master degree in leadership? Is it to have a great mentor? To read all the new leadership books and attend numerous leadership courses?
Well - to quote Winnie the Pooh. "Yes, thank you!" All would be great. However, given the challenge with time, it is important to find a way that is structured and effective, and that let you start applying the new knowledge AS YOU GO ALONG.
With today's technology, it is possible to become a better leader just by sitting in front of your computer. You can upgrade your leadership skill and tap into the collective competence and best practice in a digital format suited for your hectic work schedule. Universities known for their excellent executive programs are releasing their curriculum online as we speak, it is possible to tap into both acquired knowledge and experience through online formats like Ted.com and numerous blogs that focuses in particular on leadership. There are online programs tailored especially for leaders in all kinds of situations, focusing on teaching them particular skills needed for effective leadership.
You only need to do the following:
Accept that when the corporate world is changing, leadership needs to change accordingly.  In the accelerating changing world we live in, also leadership is a changing discipline that needs to adapt to changes in the society in general and corporate world in particular.
Decide that you want to join the ride, be curious and dig into this wealth of knowledge. No one hold the key to your own success as you do. But you need to do the work. It does not matter if you are young and ambitious or an experienced leader. You all need to grow and change. And remember what we pointed out in the previous blog (link + name), research shows we stagnate at the age of forty when it comes to willingness to adapt new knowledge. Make sure you force yourself beyond this threshold.
Practice what you learn! Remember - what you learn will never be unlearned. But you can forget it if you do not use what you learn. The good thing is that it only takes a few times of doing something, until our brain starts forming new patterns making it quite easy to incorporate new skills into your leadership efforts.
Follow Kristine Maudal & Even Fossen (Brainwells) on Twitter: www.twitter.com/brainwells
More:

From Bad to Worse: Two Terrible Productivity Ideasreddit
While we may be past the worst of the Great Recession, many companies still feel the need to stretch the human resources they have as far as possible. It's no surprise, then, that we're still experimenting with ways to pump up productivity while deflating costs.
This pressure has resulted in some progressive ideas like employee empowerment and engagement, productivity diamonds that often prove their value daily. But there are others that have never really gotten beyond the charcoal stage, though they linger on because influential people aren't convinced they've failed.
Consider multitasking, a mostly self-imposed effort to keep up with increased information flow. Job descriptions still require "the ability to multi-task effectively." Frustratingly, most of us aren't built to juggle multiple tasks at once, shifting focus from one to the other in succession: we're meant to focus doggedly on one task until it's done. About 3% of us can multitask effectively, but odds are you can't. The 3% may represent an adaptation to our work environments, especially in the face of the electronic revolution, but don't assume you'll ever be able to rewire your brain completely. It can take up to half an hour just to get back on track when you flip over to a new task.
I believe there's something even worse: open-plan offices. Originally hailed by no less than the New York Times as a wonderful way for employees to stay in closer contact, thus cross-fertilizing ideas and boosting camaraderie, Cubicleland has become perhaps the most-mocked business idea in centuries. When I'm teaching corporate seminars, participants always complain that noise, constant distractions, and never-ending interruptions take a toll on their productivity. For many introverts, it's a deal-breaker. The biggest potential advantage I've seen is cost-savings.
As for camaraderie, Jason Feifer points out in a 2013 Fast Company article that the ways we're forced to block out distractions in open plan offices actually isolate us more than ever, because we hide behind walls of ear buds, music, and ambient sound. There's really no other choice when you need to think, unless your company provides quiet rooms, or you can go hide somewhere or work from home.
There are other poor productivity ideas bedeviling the workplace, but these two take the metaphorical cake. Think about how productive your team really is the next time you take a look them in their quads, lost in their own little noise-canceling worlds as they try to juggle conference calls, email, and interruptions, while desperately trying to finish the report they've been working on for weeks, all the while trying to avoid eye contact and keep buzzing cell phones from jangling their nerves.
Laura Stack, MBA, CSP, is The Productivity Pro®. For over 20 years, Laura's talks have helped business professionals execute more efficiently, boost performance, and accelerate results in the workplace. Her company, The Productivity Pro, Inc., provides productivity workshops to help attendees achieve Maximum Results in Minimum Time®. Laura is the bestselling author of six books, with over 20 foreign editions, published by Random House, Wiley, and Berrett-Koehler, including her newest work, Execution IS the Strategy (March 2014). Widely regarded as one of the leading experts in the field of performance and workplace issues, Laura has been featured on the CBS Early Show, CNN, the Wall Street Journal, and the New York Times. Connect via her website , Facebook , or Twitter .
Follow Laura Stack on Twitter: www.twitter.com/laurastack
More:

What s Your Horrorstrreddit
Some retail outings fill the shopper with sheer dread. " Horrorstör *" takes that notion one step further, by setting a "traditional haunted house story" in a fictional big box furniture retailer called Orsk. The store is eerily close in style to a certain well-known Scandinavian retailer, and the book looks and feels like one of their catalogs. It's only when you leaf through it that you see the seemingly familiar product illustrations and descriptions turn from innocent to evil. At the start there's an image of a friendly-sounding sofa called "Brooka". By the end, the reader encounters a depiction of an instrument of torture named "Jodlöpp". And to reveal any more would spoil the fun.
But reading "Horrorstör" got me thinking about the nightmare retail experiences I have had over the years. Most retail I love - but there's the odd visit that I just loathe. Perhaps one of the reasons that "Horrorstör" resonated with me is that the Swedish retailer that the book parodies is one of the few stores to send shivers down my spine.
Once in the front door of that particular store, the shopper is locked into a racetrack from which there is no escape. Shortcuts lead to dead-endings like an old-fashioned maze. And at the conclusion of the journey, often the item you lusted after is not in stock. It's enough to make you scream. And the only comfort is cheap meatballs.
For my wife, a trip to a certain warehouse club retailer is also to be anticipated with apprehension. Unless you know the layout of the store, it's impenetrable - designed to be an endless treasure hunt, rather than be navigated quickly with ease. They want you to enter for a $10 bottle of laundry liquid and emerge with a $600 cart filled with "stuff". Like the fabled meal of Chinese food, you feel satisfied for an instant and empty soon after. And that's not even to mention the gridlock at the checkout.
Another one on her never-to-visit-again list is the American youth apparel retailer with the bare-chested male store greeters. You know the one. The store is so dark you can barely see the product; the fragrance in the air is thick enough to make you choke, and just try to get into one of the change-rooms.
Online retail can be just as much of a horror. Most shoppers have experienced the thrill of putting an item in their digital shopping cart, only to find an error message pop up just after you have put in all your credit card details.
Out-of-stocks. Non-existent service. Rude retail associates. Shoddy product. Stores that are "not for me". Shops that don't make me feel welcome and even intimidated. I'm as mad as hell and I'm not going to take it anymore!
And the thing is in retail today that you don't have to take it. We are in an era with virtually infinite choice, and one where customers are in control. So you can choose not to go in the first instance if a store is not your style. Or choose not to go back if the experience is that bad.
So for both retailers and shoppers, the days of the truly hideous Horrorstör are numbered. But there is a certain kind of retail therapy in talking about the store visits that you really, really hate. So, I'm interested...what's your Horrorstör?
*"Horrorstör" is a novel by Grady Hendrix, available online and in bookstores.
Follow Jon Bird on Twitter: www.twitter.com/thetweetailer
More:

The family trees of the six companies that make 50% of the worlds beerDavid Yanofsky @YAN0
October 1, 2014
Consolidation is once again in the air for the beer industry. ABInbev is rumored to be exploring an acquisition of SABMiller according to the Wall Street Journal  (paywall). For its part, SABMiller was rebuffed trying to acquire Heineken .
Either deal would create a company responsible for brewing nearly one fifth of the worlds beer or more, and would have continued the concentration of the global beer market—which, as you can see in the graphic above, has substantially conglomerated in recent years.
The result has been fewer companies responsible for more of your beer. Over the past decade, the 10 largest brewers (which include companies not illustrated above, like China Resources Enterprise Ltd and Tsingtao Brewery Co Ltd, which have little to no M&A history) have grown from producing 48% of the word’s beer in 2004 to 65% in 2013, according to Euromonitor.
Share this:

Bitter experience with Windows 8 may make Windows 10 unpopularCompanies may avoid upgrading to Windows 10 because of the bitter experience with Windows 8
Varun Aggarwal & Sneha Jha, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 06.39AM IST
Tags:
Microsoft
(Microsoft wants you to upgrade…)
BANGALORE/MUMBAI: Microsoft wants you to upgrade your Prius with a Tesla. That's the analogy used by Joe Belfiore, corporate vice-president, operating systems group, Microsoft, at the Windows 10 launch event in San Francisco to highlight the leap taken by the company with the new operating system (OS).
The only hitch is that you need to be confident that your new electric car won't catch fire. "Windows 10 will work on the broadest type of devices ever. From the smallest Internet of Things to enterprise data centres worldwide," Microsoft vice-president, operating system, Terry Myerson, told the audience on Tuesday, while explaining why the new iteration of their OS is called Windows 10 and not Windows 9. Microsoft is also expected to offer a free upgrade to Windows 10 for Windows 8 users.
But that hasn't got any Indian enterprise excited. Reason? The bad aftertaste left by Windows 8 adoption. With more than 10% of his company's desktops running on Windows 8, Vikram Dhanda , senior vice-president, IT, shared services, at Aegis told ET how many users wanted to move back to Windows 7 after getting frustrated with the Windows 8 user interface.
He feels a free upgrade to Windows 10 will be too little too late. "Delayed gratification is the term used for this kind of inducement but I don't think it will work. The reason is that we have become intolerant of irritants particularly when there are so many choices and alternatives that are available," he said.
The extent of the failure of Windows 8 can be seen from its deployment figures. Even after two years of launch, Windows 8 and Windows 8.1 combined have a desktop operating system market share of only about 12%, according to the portal Netmarketshare. Windows XP on the other hand commands a 24% market share even though Microsoft stopped supporting the OS in April this year.
"The cost of the software is not what has prevented most organisations from moving to Windows 8 — it's the cost of compatibility testing, application remediation and doing the actual upgrade," said Michael Silver, VP and re earch director at Gartner. Silver said even a free upgrade to Windows 10 will not be enough to push enterprises to adopt it and expressed his scepticism over Microsoft's ability to offer a smooth transition to Windows 10 for enterprises.
"A free software up grade is not a slam dunk that organisations will deploy it," he said. Tata Motors, which has more than 20,000 PCs installed, has only a small number of them running on Windows 8. When asked if he'll consider moving these 20,000 systems to Windows 10 if it's offered as a free upgrade, chief information officer Jagdish Belwal said the cost of the OS was not the only concern for him.
"In enterprises, it is more about your security, compatibility and manageability. We manage 20,000 computers centrally. For us it becomes imperative that all tools and processes that we use to manage these systems work on the new OS." Mohit Bhishikar , CIO of Persistent Systems, has decided to hold on to the more stable Windows 7.
"The overall industry response on Windows 8 was poor. There were challenges relating to usability and security. So we decided to stick to Windows 7," he said. Bhishikar now wants to adopt a wait and watch policy toward Windows 10. DTDC Cargo and Courier, which is piloting Windows 10, has a mixed initial response toward the OS.
"We currently have concerns over legacy and custom-based applications support as some of our legacy custom applications are giving errors due to some of the old libraries on Windows 10," said general manager, IT, Satyajit Sarkar. He, however, welcomed the refreshing new interface of Windows 10 with features such as the start menu, multiple desktops and universal app store.
He didn't comment on whether he'll be looking at upgrading the company's PCs to Windows 10. Reliance Entertainment-Digital is running the Windows 8 OS on 60% of its desktops and laptops.
The transition process to Windows 8 was filled with challenges. "The OS was disappointing in terms of enhancements, user interface, speed and security," said Sayed Peerzade, VP, technology. However, Peerzade is optimistic that the much-touted successor of Windows 8 will reflect Microsoft's efforts towards course correction.
"I am hopeful that with Windows 10 Microsoft will address the issues plaguing the previous version." The performance of Windows 10 is going to be critical for Microsoft in view of Windows 8 having received a lukewarm response and XP's sunset, said Sanchit Vir Gogia, chief analyst at Greyhound Research.
"We believe under Satya's leadership, Windows 10 should be able to win back the trust on their OS," he said, referring to new CEO Satya Nadella .
FEATURED ARTICLES

GM Looks to New Vehicles  China to Boost ProfitAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Hindu spiritual organisations to help govt propagate Swachh Bharat messageGovernment reaches out to religious organisations to propagate Swachh Bharat message
Vasudha Venugopal, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 06.38AM IST
Tags:
BJP
(As the project advances,…)
NEW DELHI: While Prime Minister Narendra Modi launches his ambitious Swachh Bharat project in New Delhi on Thursday, saffronclad 'volunteers' across ashrams, temples and akhadas will pool in manpower to take the message of public hygiene to the masses, from Varanasi to Kanchi. The BJP-led government has reached out to several Hindu religious and spiritual organisations seeking their support for the project, and according to officials, among those that have already been contacted are the Ramakrishna Mission, Patanjali Yogpeeth of Baba Ramdev, Sri Sri Ravi Shankar of the Art of Living, Gayatri Pariwar, Kanchi Kamakoti Peeth and Siddha Ganga Math.
As the project advances, more organisations will be roped in to "spread the message of cleanliness and hygiene" among people, they said. Urban development ministry officials said they are also in talks with Muslim and Christian organisations to take the movement forward, but no organisation has been approached formally so far.
"We had received communication from Union minister Venkaiah Naidu and we have assured him full support in this campaign," said Rajdeep Arya, spokesperson for Patanjali Yogpeeth. He said Ramdev was on a trip to Europe and will himself be part of the campaign from October 12.
"Tomorrow we are starting an intensive cleaning of 80 ghats of Ganga from Shankaracharya chowk in Haridwar," he said. The yogpeeth has selected 600 districts to promote the campaign. Clusters will be selected and developed into "model villages", he said. At the ghats, they will be planting saplings of tulsi, ashwagandha and arjun to keep them clean and green.
"We are asking our devotees, who can afford, to adopt villages and make them clean," Arya said.Ramdev will also organise a conclave of saints and sadhus to request all akhadas to join the movement, Arya said. "Our 30,000 workers have been asked to participate in the campaign with full vigour. Except for places in South India and Northeast, we have presence everywhere," he added.
Kanchi Kamakoti Peeth led by Jayendra Saraswati in Tamil Nadu has also been roped in for the campaign. "We are focusing on cleaning 200 towns and villages that have temples and ponds. We have identified 55 villages along Thiruvallur and Kancheepuram wherein the temples are very dirty, we will start with them," said N Sundaresan of the peeth.
Volunteers in these organisations feel reverence for nature is an integral part of Hinduism and that is what people need to understand to make the country clean. Kedar Prasad Dubey, spokesperson for Gayatri Pariwar, said from this week, it has made two hours of weekly cleaning — 'swachhta shram' — compulsory in all 5,000 institutions run by the organisation.
"Our focus initially is on cities such as Puri, Rameshwaram, Pushkar, Ayodhya and Amravati to make them clean." All the organisations have planned programmes on Thursday to coincide with the inauguration of the campaign by Prime Minister Modi. Most of them had wholeheartedly supported Modi in his election campaign.
This is not the first time sadhus and sants have been involved in cleanliness campaigns, said Rama Rauta, founder and convener, Save Ganga Movement, adding that they had been roped in several times to clean rivers too. "It is important to involve everyone in the project, but rivers, ghats and places alongside them are mainly dirty because of religious activities. Unless sadhus adopt a scientific approach and employ the neighbourhood community in activities, their efforts are shortlived," he said.
 
The Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan aims not just at making India clean but also eliminating open defecation and manual scavenging while also providing financial assistance to over 1 crore individual households to build toilets and the construction of nearly 2.5 lakh public toilets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Financial market storm brewing as 2014 winds...Financial market storm brewing as 2014 winds down
By Reuters | 2 Oct, 2014, 02.29AM IST
0
Share More
After a year in which world markets have sailed effortlessly through wars, invasions and geopolitical ferment, a storm of their own making may well be brewing
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: After a year in which world markets have sailed effortlessly through wars, invasions and geopolitical ferment, a storm of their own making may well be brewing.
Investors have mostly held their nerve as headlines lurched from a new 'Cold War' in eastern Europe to conflict and Western intervention in the Middle East, the threatened breakup of the United Kingdom and secessionist risks in Europe.
More prosaic 'shocks' - a weather-related first-quarter slump in the United States, grinding deflationary angst in Europe and China's spluttering, unnerving slowdown - have largely been shrugged off too.
With the exception of commodities, the swollen sea of liquidity pumped out by central banks has once again buoyed all boats. Ultra-safe US and German government bonds compete favourably with riskier Wall St, Shanghai or frontier stocks for best performing asset of the year so far.
And even as the US Federal Reserve halts its bond buying later this month and the Bank of England talks of higher interest rates, the market narrative has been that the European Central Bank and Bank of Japan will keep the global pool full by turning up their cash taps as the others stop and drain.
But even if that proves correct in time, there is anxiety that the coming months may uncover rocks just under the surface.
The first problem is that the complete reversal of a monetary regime currently comprised of an expanding Fed balance sheet and a contracting ECB equivalent - however appropriate policywise - can only come about with a seismic shift in the world's main exchange rate.
That's already underway as we head into the fourth quarter, with euro/dollar near two-year lows and the dollar's broad index rocketing to four-year highs - depressing oil, commodities and many emerging markets and boosting cross-border financial volatility across the planet.
And for many of the biggest trading firms, this move is just beginning. Goldman Sachs , Barclays and Morgan Stanley reckon the euro/dollar rate could fall a further 20 percent, to parity, even if the baton is passed smoothly between the central banks.
BNP's head equity strategist Gerry Fowler reckons there's a chance of a considerable monetary hiccup before the year is out.
"The market is currently complacent enough to be surprised by a lull in liquidity in the coming months," he warned clients.
COMPLACENCY
Fowler's argument is that while the Fed turns off the taps this month, significant net new liquidity from the ECB, BoJ or even the People's Bank of China may not materialise until 2015.
"The tailwind of new money is likely to be dramatically lower for a few months."
Combine this with a surge in supply of private sector securities this year - including Chinese internet firm Alibaba's record $25 billion new equity sale last month, or talk that Anheuser-Busch Inbev may finance a possible $122 billion bid for rival brewer SABMiller with loans and bonds - and you have a recipe for repricing of already historically expensive assets.
Data compiled by Thomson Reuters shows worldwide equity capital market deals - from flotations to rights issues - totalled $678.1 billion in the first nine months of 2014, a quarter more than the same period last year and the highest since 2007. European deals hit their highest since 1980.
Initial public offerings stole the limelight, almost doubling from last year to hit $176.1 billion worldwide.
Total global bond issuance was up 2 per cent to $4.4 trillion in the first nine months, with corporate bond sales up 6 per cent to $2.5 trillion and new emerging market debt already more than in the whole of 2013 at $456 billion.
At the very least investors fear volatility is on the rise if a Fed retreat from quantitative easing is not quickly matched by the other central banks. And these gyrations by themselves could hasten a pullback from riskier assets, including pricey equity, junk bonds, emerging markets and even government bonds.
Only European equities, which could get a badly-needed earnings lift from a weaker euro, might dodge the bullet - but even these markets may well see US funds retreating.
If investors are surprised by financial storm, it won't be because they weren't warned. Financial watchdogs have been waving a red flag about overstretched markets for the past year and stressed concerns again this month.
"There are increased signs of complacency in financial markets, in part reflecting search for yield amidst exceptionally accommodative monetary policies," Bank of England governor Mark Carney said last week, citing conclusions of the G20's Financial Stability Board which he chairs.
"Volatility has become compressed and asset valuations stretched across a growing number of markets, increasing the risk of a sharp reversal."

UPDATE 10-Oil falls as bearish trend continues  Saudi lowers pricesUPDATE 10-Oil falls as bearish trend continues  Saudi lowers prices
http://t.in.com/bltd0
0
Hyderabad: Chinks in Congress Government in Andhra Pradesh were exposed yet again as the ruling party was left scouting for defence when the Opposition launched a virulent attack on it in the Assembly in the last two days.
As Leader of Opposition N Chandrababu Naidu and Lok Satta Party President N Jayaprakash Narayan went hammer and tongs at the Government during the discussion on the motion of thanks to the Governor's address, Chief Minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy had to plead with his Cabinet colleagues to stay put in the House and defend the Government.
Events in the last two days show all is not well between the CM and his Ministers. Half of the Ministers were in the Legislative Council but many of those on Assembly duty chose to remain in their chambers and not inside the House.
Chinks in Congress Government in AP were exposed yet again as the ruling party was left scouting for defence when the Opposition launched a virulent attack on it in the Assembly in the last two days.
In fact, the treasury benches looked deserted for most part of the day today, forcing the Government Whips to take the matter to the Chief Minister.
Chief Whip Gandra Venkata Ramana Reddy told the Chief Minister that presence of senior Ministers was essential.
Following this Kiran Kumar sent messengers to the Ministers' chambers asking them to come into the House and be prepared to counter the Opposition.
0

GST on track  draft constitutional amendment...GST show on road, draft constitutional amendment ready
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 02.50AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(The draft amendment will…)
NEW DELHI: The Narendra Modi government has taken a significant step toward bringing closer the long-awaited goods and services tax (GST), the country's biggest tax reform, by readying the crucial draft constitutional amendment that's an essential prerequisite to rolling out the levy.
The Centre, financially better placed now with the economy showing signs of revival, will also clear pending compensation to states over the next couple of months in lieu of cuts in the central sales tax in its attempt to win them over and get them to accept the new tax, which is expected to be in place starting April 1, 2016.
The finance ministry held a review meeting on September 30. The draft amendment will be submitted for finance minister Arun Jaitley's approval when he rejoins next week after a break on account of ill-health and the long weekend. "We are ready with the draft" constitutional amendment, a senior finance ministry official told ET.
GST will replace multiple state and central levies such as excise, service tax, value added tax and entry tax and create a national market while lifting GDP by 1-2 percentage points. The constitutional amendment that will allow states to tax services and the centre to collect taxes on goods from retail establishments is proposed to be introduced in the winter session.
Work is going on separately on legislation for central GST and an integrated-GST and model law for state GST.
The empowered committee has set up internal committees to draw up the legislation, the official said, adding that the effort is to have a robust GST.
Another finance ministry official said work is also on to keep procedures ready well in time.
The finance ministry has reached out to states to persuade them to get on board and assuage their concerns on all aspects of the new reform apart from the compensation owed to them.
The ministry, buoyed by improved fiscal position, is proposing to release a part of the Rs 34,000 crore compensation due to states in lieu of the CST cut.
This could come through the first supplementary demand for grants.
Hardening of positions and the Centre's refusal to provide compensation as demanded by states created acrimony, threatening to derail progress.
Tax experts welcomed the development but called for the greater involvement of industry.
"The government should now involve industry to understand the sector-specific issues in the proposed structure so that an efficient and effective GST law and compliance mechanism is created.
It is important all stakeholders agree to a GST structure with a wide base and low revenue-neutral rate for the tax to be effective and efficient," said Bipin Sapra, partner, tax and regulatory services, indirect tax, EY.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Slow car sales pick up pace; Maruti posts gr...Slow car sales pick up pace; Maruti Suzuki posts 9.8% growth
By ET Bureau | 2 Oct, 2014, 07.53AM IST
Tweet
 The automobile market continued to improve with top passenger vehicle manufactures registering modest growth in September.
DELHI/MUMBAI: The automobile market continued to improve with top passenger vehicle manufactures registering modest growth in September and twowheeler sales racing ahead in strong double digits. Industry executives predict the momentum to pick up further in October, a festivals-heavy month. Despite the inauspicious period of Shradh keeping many Hindus away from showrooms for a fortnight in September, overall sales estimated to have gained for the fifth month running, sales numbers announced by companies on Wednesday indicate.
Industry sources put the estimated passenger vehicle sales for September at about 2.2 lakh units, a 6% expansion from a year earlier. The industry wholesale figures will be released later in the month by the Society of Indian Automobile Manufactures. The country's largest carmaker, Maruti Suzuki, posted a 9.8% expansion in September compared with a year earlier.
New models drove sales at Hyundai Motor India (14.5%) and Honda Cars India (45%). The launch of the new Scorpio helped Mahindra & Mahindra return to positive territory after almost a year and regain its No. 3 position. The local units of Toyota Motor and Nissan Motor also posted higher sales. Interestingly, industry sources said the expansion in September was led by utility vehicles, which grew a healthy 24% to approximately 51,900 units, as the passenger-car segment posted a flat number or a marginal decline.
"In this festive season, we are seeing a significant increase in first-time buyers and exchange buyers which is very encouraging as it will accelerate the positive momentum already being experienced in the last few months," said Rakesh Srivastava, senior vice-president for sales and marketing at Hyundai Motor India. While the industry has grown consistently over the past few months, experts say the growth is not inclusive and it has been largely led by the top four-five players and the ones with new models.
Volkswagen, General Motors, Ford Motor, Renault, Fiat and Tata Motors have posted lower sales in September. "There is some positive movement in the market due to the festival season and new entries. However, the complete recovery of the automobile industry is still some time away," said P Balendran, vice-president at General Motors India.
With a large part of September lost in the inauspicious period, the industry is looking forward to a bumper October with more than five major festivals falling in the month. "In month-on-month terms,October will surely see growth," said Subrata Ray, senior group vice-president at ratings firm ICRA. Optimistic of higher sales in October, Srivastava of Hyundai said: "We expect at least 15% growth in this festive season over the last year's festive season."
Unlike car makers, two-wheeler companies are already enjoying a dream run. Market leader Hero MotoCorp and the local two-wheeler unit of its erstwhile partner Honda Motor posted record numbers in the past month. Hero MotoCorp sales grew 30% to top 6 lakh units in September. Honda Motorcycle & Scooters sold 4.38 lakh units, up more than 33% from the year-earlier month and its highest monthly sales ever.
Bajaj Auto, which has had a tough year so far, came back with a 7% increase in sales, led by the new Discover 150 motorcycle. At TVS Motor, sales grew 27%. "September 2014 has been a phenomenal month for Honda," said Yadvinder S Guleria, senior VP of sales and marketing at Honda Motorcycle & Scooter.
"From Gujarat to Kolkata, we are witnessing overwhelming customer response this Navratras and expect the cheer to continue in October 2014 as well. Honda has created a record of highest festive retails crossing 1.75 lakh units in just the first 6 days of Navratras. The customer demand led by Dream series of mass motorcycles sales which have grown by 84% has exceeded all our expectations," Guleria said.

Audi goes driverlessThe myth of premium petrol
Audi grabs California's first autonomous driving permit
California's new autonomous driving law has gone into effect, and Audi is the first carmaker to be awarded an official permit. While the state has allowed self-driving cars on the road, the new law sets specific guidelines and opens up autonomous driving to any company willing to pay for the $150 permit – and the minimum $5m insurance policy per vehicle. Audi has two permits for testing, as does Mercedes-Benz, and Google bought up 25 of them. Audi has already logged thousands of miles with its autonomous vehicles in California as well as in neighbouring Nevada, where it also has a permit. The Ingolstadt, Germany-based brand also was the first carmaker to use Florida's so-called connected car highway, a dedicated stretch of road in Tampa certified for testing of autonomous cars.
Citroën's greenest Cactus
(PSA Peugeot-Citroën)
Leading up the Paris motor show, where press previews begin 2 October, Citroën released specs on its latest hybrid concept, the C4 Cactus Airflow 2L. At just 885kg (about 1,950lbs), the concept is dressed in carbon fibre, lightweight aluminium and high-strength steel, which conspire to slash roughly 220lbs from the standard C4 Cactus crossover. Three adjustable front air intakes cool the engine, while wheel shutters open and close, resulting in a claimed 20% increase in aerodynamics. The most impressive green tech, though, is reserved for the so-called Hybrid Air powertrain. The system uses energy from regenerative braking to compress air into tanks. This air is then released to power a hydraulic pump that drives the front wheels, either alone or in tandem with a three-cylinder gasoline-powered engine. Two litres of fuel are all that is burned in 100km of travel. Though just a concept, the Airflow 2L demonstrates that green-car tech still has plenty of room to grow.
Easing congestion one car at a time
(Newspress)
Researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) have outlined a new traffic-management system, called RoadRunner, that strives to steer cars around congested roads. As a car enters a specific roadway, a small receiver on the car’s dashboard wirelessly grabs a digital “token”. When a roadway has dispensed its pre-determined allotment of these virtual tokens, all other cars receive turn-by-turn voice directions to alternate routes, until traffic subsides. According to field trials, the vehicle-to-vehicle (V2V)-based traffic solution resulted in an 8% increase in overall vehicle speed. Don't expect your commute to ease just yet, however; MIT is still conducting trials in Singapore and has only tested about 10 vehicles in the US.
This doesn't sound like your papa's pony
(Ford Motor)
While testing the new 2.3-litre turbocharged 2015 Ford Mustang , Road & Track magazine deduced that noises from the car’s four-cylinder engine were being channelled through the vehicle's stereo system. Ford mentioned this over a year ago to Britain’s Car magazine, but the news was slow to trickle across the pond. The automaker calls it Active Noise Control, which cancels out some engine noises while enhancing others. Short of pulling the fuse that controls the audio system, the feature cannot be defeated. Notably, the Mustang’s six- and eight-cylinder engines do not receive any aural enhancement.
General Motors eyes a fix for distracted driving
Seeing Machines' Fovio, an eye-tracking piece of hardware. (Seeing Machines)
The US carmaker is tackling distracted driving with a system that monitors head and eye movement. According to a report by The Financial Times, the technology – created by the safety firms Seeing Machines and Takata – uses cameras to track a driver's head position and eyes, and pairs the collected data with a 3D image of a vehicle's interior. The system uses the information to determine where the driver is looking, to within one degree of accuracy. General Motors may purchase up to 500,000 of the systems over the next three to five years according to the report, though the automaker has yet to confirm its intentions.
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .

India gives in partially to US demand on climate changeIndia gives in partially to US demand on climate change
Oasis Petroleum Inc. Announces Redetermination of Borrowing BaseOasis Petroleum Inc. Announces Redetermination of Borrowing Base
UN says 1st staffer dies of  probable  EbolaUN says 1st staffer dies of  probable  Ebola
http://t.in.com/1lpaWhat to do with your equity Investments
Seven months ago I was a happy person as far as my equity investments were concerned. The stocks that I had invested into were mostly doing well , if not very well.
LIC HF, Tata Global Beverages and Narmada Gelatines were going smoothly, and then it so happened that I was in for a rude shock when I checked my portfolio in the 1st week of July. Things were certainly not good with my portfolio. Whilst my work had caused me to be terribly busy since mid May , I never thought that the lack of time contributed to the tracking of these investments would result in me losing almost 20% of my invested capital.But this is exactly what had happened.
Unfortunately, what is embittering is that the only person to blame is myself.  I became a bit too complacent to wake up to the fact that whilst the UPA-II government has left no stone unturned in stabbing, kicking, punching, maiming and brutalizing the Indian economy (not to talk about the Indian democracy as well) the market had yet not responded in full appreciation of this tragedy that was looming large.
Brokerage houses with their regular unabashed overdose of financial analysis were busy hawking and vending names, some tested and dependable and some others with no quality whatsoever. The finance minister and the home minister were busy churning out statements in one press conference after another that everything was well with the economy and the slide of rupee and exit of FIIs was not something we should worry about too much. That IIP was symptomatic and that pumping enough money in the system through the RBI would cure all that was bad with the industrial output.
But the people who mattered were not listening. FIIs were taking out their money. In June they took out a record 7.5 billion $ from the Indian markets. Even during the global meltdown days of October 2008 , FIIs had only taken out 3.5 USD in a month(which was the record until June 2013). In response rupee tumbled down to 60.Retail investors were shying away from the market. In July 2013, Mutual funds exposure to equities dipped to a record 8 year low. The markets lost any hope they had that the RBI will be able to pump in any more money, not after the rupee touched its record lows one after another. And yet I was not careful enough to keep track of all these events.
With the wholesale exit of FIIs, and no more interest from domestic investors the markets were unable to hold their own any longer and hence we have seen a bloodbath across sectors and names. Midcaps have lost close to 30% and smallcaps have fared even worse, and for the first time in the last 4 years it seems as if the big blue chips are also going for slow down. Look at Tata Motors and L&T results to gauge where the economy is leading the markets to. To make matters worse June IIP has come out negative at -2.2%
To summarize, Current account deficit is rising- partly because of our over dependent on foreign oil and consumption of gold but mostly because of government opening a charity called NREGA and more charities in the pipeline like food security bill and policies detrimental to growth. Add to this the huge amount of money lost by the exchequer due to scams , it is easy to see why there is no backed money(backed by assets like gold or convertible foreign currencies), for the government to pay for its debt. And hence to finance that debt and push money in the system, RBI will have to PRINT more money. When this government will print more money without any asset backing it up, the increased money supply will increase inflation and hence the foreign currency required to pay for imports will become costlier and hence value of rupee will go down. So the options available are to:
a)  Either increase your export competitiveness through technological advances
b) Decrease the imports and increase domestic productivity to curb down the costly imports
c) Stop fiscal policies like NREGA, food security etc which are burning the treasury money without increasing productivity
d)  All of the above
e) Many more options available with the RBI and economists only if the government listens.
The government will need to correct the direction of a lot of its policies by making sure that proper investment support for SMEs is there, crop planning and planting happens as per a national plan, no more freebies for getting populist votes for next general elections, policies on power sector, energy pricing(increasing the govt approved price for Reliance produced Natural Gas so that Mukesh bhai can reap his billions is not exactly what the economy wants right now), less corruption(dream on) and so and so forth.
Since I don’t see much of these happening anytime soon, it is safe to conclude that this market has ceased to be an investors market and has become a trader’s  market. What exactly I mean to convey is that many of you, although will be invested in good quality stocks whose businesses will continue to grow, will still not see a correlated growth in their stock prices. It may come in spurts- some weeks pharma would be the flavour of the market and some weeks automobile sector would the market’s darling. When rupee will fall , then IT sector will go up and when interest rates will be slashed only then may banks move up.
Lets come back to LIC housing finance and its fall from 270 in late April to 170 last week. With the inflation numbers ruling high it was only expected that RBI will not reduce rates any further, which basically means LIC HF will have to borrow from banks at higher rates, and hence lend at higher rates. When rates go high coupled with high property prices , less people build/buy homes, which means less business for LIC HF going ahead. On top of that it may also happen that when the payment of debt becomes too painful some borrowers might default. This is generally taken care of by NPAs in any lender’s business but when NPAs increase faster than expected, it means that there will be less profit. On 6th August news came in that Orbit corporation, a major builder in Mumbai, has expressed its inability to pay its instalment of 90 crores which was due and has hence asked for more time to pay back the dues to LIC. Generally this should not have resulted in the fall as was seen, but these are bad times for lenders and builders alike and hence the market reacted. People who were already in the knowledge of the news had already been selling . And the stock dipped down to 163.
But today LIC HF has declared its first quarter results. Income increased to 2130 crores as copared to 1751 crores in June 2012. Net profits have dipped marginally to 310 crores from 316 in June 2012. But the best part is that provisions/writeoffs have remained at 17 crores instead of the 200 crore that the street was fearing. The stock has jumped back to 181 levels and I think should bounce back to 200 also.
So was the fear of the seller justified?? One may argue that it was unjustified , but going by the current market price of the stock , I think it is more important to be foolish and remain in the money than to be wise and be out of money. To compensate for the losses I made in the stock , I had to trade LIC HF in the futures market so as to cover my losses in the delivery market.
I have considerably decreased my holding  wherever possible in the equity markets. I have exited Tata Global beverage,  LIC HF, Yes bank, Mirza international etc after booking profits. I am yet to exit some others like Narmada Gelatines and Marico. It may be true that I may miss out on some really fabulous gains by exiting the markets at this time, but I would rather be sure than sorry. During the Eurozone crisis, or even during the meltdown of 2008, when people were exiting the markets , I did not panic. But now, i am going to cut down on my equity investments till the time the policy scenario is more clear in the country.
While surfing through the net, i came across this piece, which aptly describes the misdoings of our beloved FM.
This time the danger is real and from within.
Cheers

When are airport fast lanes worth the moneyLife & Style
When are airport fast lanes worth the money?
TSA precheck
Keri Wiginton / Chicago Tribune
Signs direct passengers to the TSA PreCheck lane for American Airlines at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport on Friday, Aug. 10, 2012.
Signs direct passengers to the TSA PreCheck lane for American Airlines at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport on Friday, Aug. 10, 2012. (Keri Wiginton / Chicago Tribune)
Are airport security fast lanes worth your money?
Convenience vs. cash. We pay for all sorts of services to avoid hassle and stress. Should paying for TSA Precheck to speed through airport security screening be one of them?
Maybe.
But there are things to know before you decide. For example, you might not want to apply for Precheck itself but instead Global Entry, which gets you all of the benefits of Precheck in addition to expedited re-entry through customs for little extra cost.
Frequent traveler Brian Kelly, founder of ThePointsGuy.com, is a proponent of applying for quicker screening. He qualifies for Precheck through his Global Entry status.
"Precheck is an amazing concept," he said. "I get through security in under four minutes usually and on a consistent basis."
Tribune Graphics
As anybody who has flown in the past dozen-plus years knows, security after the 9/11 terrorist attacks, however necessary, has been an aggravation for fliers. More rigorous security screening means longer, slower lines.
The basic bargain with Precheck is that you give the government information about yourself, submit to a background check and get preapproved as a low-risk traveler. It issues you a "known traveler number" that you use on your reservation and in your frequent-flier accounts. You're then very likely to get Precheck status for the vast majority of your flights, with a Precheck indicator printed on your boarding pass.
That means you can go through Precheck airport security lanes with lighter screening: no taking off shoes or belt, no removing your laptop from its case, no taking out your liquids and gels from your carry-on.
And most of the time, it means a significantly quicker line. Less than five minutes is the goal set by the Transportation Security Administration. "We can put 30 passengers through a TSA Precheck lane in less than five minutes; you can't do that in a standard lane," said TSA spokesman Ross Feinstein.
TSA Precheck launched to the general public in December, and in its first nine months enrolled more than half a million travelers, according to the Department of Homeland Security. Its speed lanes are available at 118 U.S. airports.
Here are questions and answers to help you decide whether Precheck is worth the money and effort.
What does it cost? A Precheck application costs $85 for five years. That's $17 a year or $1.42 per month. Ultimately, only you can decide whether that monetary cost is worth it.
"I guess it's how you value your time," Kelly said. "The ease of it alone, to me, is almost incalculable."
More practically, over five years Precheck might mean the difference once or twice between catching a flight and enduring the stress of missing one, he said.
0
What is Global Entry? Global Entry costs a little more — a $100 application fee instead of $85, also for five years. But it includes expedited screening during international travel. On the way back into the U.S., you can use a kiosk that should be far faster than traditional customs inspection lines.
One key difference is, you need a passport to apply for Global Entry.
Note that application fees for both programs are nonrefundable, even if you are denied enrollment.
Is enrolling a hassle? Probably, especially for Global Entry. You need to apply and pay online and schedule an in-person appointment, bringing with you an ID and submitting to fingerprinting. There are far more interview locations for Precheck, more than 300, than for Global Entry, which mostly has locations at international airports.
And for Global Entry, it might be weeks before you can get an appointment for a formal interview, while you can walk in to most Precheck centers.
In my case of applying for Global Entry, I found the online application tedious but doable. I'm fortunate that the enrollment office at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago is on my way home from work, and I was able to get an appointment in a matter of days. The interview for me was quick and easy, not intimidating.
Apply online for Precheck at tinyurl.com/precheckapp. Apply for Global Entry at tinyurl.com/globaleapp.
Any downside to the fast lane? A practical drawback of Precheck can be the people you're traveling with. If they don't have Precheck and you're traveling together, you might find yourself waiting on the other side for your family or friends.
Can my children accompany me in the Precheck lane? Yes, children 12 and younger.
Do all airlines and airports offer Precheck? No, but all the major airlines and airports do. For lists of 11 airlines and 118 airports, go to tsa.gov/tsa-precheck.
Precheck or Global Entry? For anybody who lives near one of the Global Entry interview centers and already has a passport, it makes sense to pay $100 for Global Entry instead of $85 for Precheck.
Note that Precheck is a program of the TSA, while Global Entry and other trusted traveler programs fall under U.S. Customs and Border Protection.
Even the TSA spokesman says Global Entry is a "great deal."
Can I pay less? You can pay just $50 to get Global Entry privileges, and thus Precheck, through another trusted-traveler program, NEXUS, for Canada border crossing. But the interview will be at one of the northern border-crossing facilities. So, applying only makes sense if you live near a northern border or will be traveling through and can coordinate the interview time with your travel plans. SENTRI, a border-crossing program for Mexico, gets the same benefit but costs the most, a total of $122.25 for five years.
To compare the programs: dhs.gov/comparison-chart.
Can I get free Global Entry? Maybe. You might get the Precheck and Global Entry fee reimbursed if you have one of the pricier credit cards and charge the fee to it. Examples are the American Express Platinum and Citi Prestige cards. If you have elite status with an airline, you might get reimbursed. Delta Air Lines Diamond Medallion and United Airlines 1K fliers are examples.
Is privacy a concern? A huge drawback for some people will be supplying information about yourself to the government. And part of the application requires fingerprinting. That's a philosophical decision for consumers, not a monetary one.
Kelly said he's not concerned. "You can get my flight history in return for getting me through the airport and saving me hundreds of hours of my life waiting in lines," he said.
Anything else? Use your number. Don't go through the expense and hassle of getting Precheck or Global Entry and not get the benefit. Your known traveler number, called a PASSID with Global Entry, doesn't guarantee you Precheck every time, but you should get it the vast majority of times.
But you must log in to your frequent-flier accounts and enter your number into your profile, so the next time your buy a ticket your boarding pass will be labeled with Precheck and you can use the expedited security lanes. (If you don't have a frequent-flier account, enter it into your individual reservation.)

With Nationals in full swing  Lerner makes his pitch for the FBI at LandoverBy Jonathan O'Connell September 30 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
On Sept. 23, Theodore N. Lerner had two teams playing.
The Washington Nationals, the baseball club he has owned since 2006, beat the New York Mets that evening at Nationals Park, 4-2, another win on its way to a division title and a spot in the playoffs.
But earlier that day, Lerner had another more seasoned team in action, his cadre of real estate executives, assembled to pitch 80 acres his company owns in Landover as a site to build a new headquarters for the FBI.
Lerner Enterprises proposed building a high security campus for the FBI on the former site of Landover Mall. (Courtesy Lerner Enterprises)
Lerner only began to  raise the idea of trying to bring the FBI to the site of the former Landover Mall late last year, months after other developers and politicians had begun pursing the agency and its 11,000 employees. But in July, the site was named one of three finalists, alongside properties in Springfield and Greenbelt.
At the meeting, held in an auditorium at Prince George’s County economic development offices on McCormick Drive in Largo, top Lerner executives laid out what they said was a more cost effective and more secure alternative to the Greenbelt site, which to this point has been County Executive Rushern L. Baker III’s favored option.
Led by Alan Gottlieb, chief operating officer of both Lerner Enterprises and the Nationals, the team made a 35-minute presentation to a few dozen county and state officials in which they proposed turning the vacant lots in Landover — once used for the mall there — into a leafy campus with a series of low-level buildings to accommodate the FBI.
The campus would include deep setbacks for security purposes, be accessible from three entrances by car, connect to Metro via shuttle bus and require just $65 million in public spending, less than 60 percent of the $112 million needed for infrastructure and a parking garage at the Greenbelt site, which is owned by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority. 
In an interview at the Lerner Enterprises offices in Rockville, Gottlieb said that because Lerner and its partner, the Tower Cos., owned the Landover property themselves and had no buildings or existing facilities to remove, they would be able to deliver a headquarters to the FBI much more quickly and easily.
“I think we’re going to be less expensive, and I think we’re going to deliver more,” he said.
The Lerner team started the competition from behind; the Greenbelt developer, Renard Development Co., has been working for a year with officials on plans for a walkable mini-city of offices, housing, shopping and hotels on the doorstep of the Greenbelt Metro station, of which the FBI would be the centerpiece.
Lerner, 88, who was a pioneer in designing suburban shopping centers and office parks, offered a stark alternative consistent with his expertise. Working with D.C. architect Shalom Baranes, his company designed a more secluded, anonymous campus reminiscent of the CIA headquarters at Langley. It would be built on either 67 or 80 acres, and would include as little as five acres for some ancillary retail.
Theodore N. Lerner, owner of the Nationals and Lerner Enterprises. (Photo by John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
The presentation, a culmination of months of pushing from the Lerner team, prompted county officials to reconsider their strategy of backing the Greenbelt site nearly exclusively in their effort to secure what has become Baker’s top economic development priority.
“Prince George’s County is excited to have two of the three final sites,” said David S. Iannucci, a senior economic development adviser to Baker. “We believe both of our sites are superior to the third alternative, and we will do everything we can to put both sites forward to make the strongest case for each of them.”
Iannucci said the county, following the lead of the state’s congressional delegation, had begun taking a more even-handed approach to the two bids as the Lerner proposal became more detailed. He said that after some further analysis he expected the state and county would look into providing the $65 million needed for the Landover proposal.
The costs include $19 million in improvements to Route 202, $35.5 million to improve the intersection at Evarts Street and the Capital Beltway and $10.6 million for a shuttle service to the Largo Town Center Metro station.
Iannucci said he had cautioned both teams not to badmouth each other.
“It’s a God-given right in this country to sell your own property, go for it. But we in Prince George’s County, in particular, need to remain positive in order to win this thing,” he said.
Gottlieb said he believed his team had successfully persuaded the county to consider Landover.
“Once we put our site into the mix, I think the county surveyed things and took a look at things, and I think the county’s main concern now is that the FBI comes to a site in the county and not choosing one site over the other,” he said.
The grand prize for developers in the FBI relocation is acquiring the J. Edgar Hoover Building, the agency’s current headquarters on Pennsylvania Avenue that the federal government has proposed trading to the company that builds the new headquarters. A site will be selected separately from a developer, meaning the Landover site could be selected, but a developer other than the Lerners could be chosen to build the project there.
The General Services Administration, which is running the site selection, recently invited the public to a series of open houses to explain the process.
Gottlieb said Lerner planned to compete both to bring the FBI to Landover and to acquire Hoover.
“Our desire would be to see this thing all the way through. It’s how we operate. We’re not getting into this to spin our wheels,”  he said.
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

Procrastination nation0
Ferrari has found that as many as a quarter of people may be chronic procrastinators and it causes them stress, a drop in overall well-being and not surprisingly, can cost them money too -- think late fees on credit cards, which add up to billions of dollars annually; filing taxes at the last minute, which prevents many from claiming many deductions to which they are entitled; and of course, failure to save for retirement, which can create financial problems in the future.
It's not that procrastinators don't know what to do--they understand that they really should track their expenses or draft a will, but they can't bring themselves to do it. Ferrari says that some procrastinators avoid making financial decisions due to a psychological reluctance to be held responsible for a decision. Perhaps one spouse avoids all of the financial and investment decisions not because he or she "isn't good at that stuff", but the uninvolved spouse wants to retain the right to second-guess the money-managing spouse later!
How can procrastinators bridge the gap between intention and action? David Allen says that part of the problem is that all of the things we have to do are rattling around our brains, causing us to drive ourselves a little crazy. He notes, "Until you see yourself doing it, you won't see how to do it". The good news is you can actually change your attention and focus by firing your neurons to be sensitive to the tasks that need addressing.
Allen's system starts by capturing all the things that need to get down; imposing discipline so that you are in control; and then creating a plan for next actions. Once you get the stuff out of your brain and write it down, you need to schedule time to check in on your progress. It can help to do this at the time of day when you have the most energy. Also, when you are addressing those hard-to-accomplish tasks, try to limit distractions. I know that may sound nearly impossible in our hyper-connected world, but for some chunk of time, remove audio and visual alerts of new messages, do not log into social media and avoid opening too many windows on your browser.
According to experts, pre-committing to goals can help. You can start by making a public declaration, because your friends and family can help you stick to your pledge. "We know from research that you are more likely to do something if you publicly post it," Ferrari says.
There are also some concrete steps to take in your financial life, like establishing automatic deductions from your paycheck to a savings account, enrolling in a retirement plan and setting up auto-pay on as many bills as possible. If you think you need professional help, schedule that appointment and keep it!
Finally, Ferrari advises rewarding yourself for completing that to-do. It's fun to share your accomplishment with one of your cheerleaders (spouse, parent, pal); spending extra time with your kids, your friends or giving yourself a mental break by doing something physical. Finally, you can also treat yourself by spending small dollars on something that you rarely do...after all, you've earned it!
(Jill Schlesinger, CFP, is the Emmy-nominated CBS News Business Analyst. A former options trader and CIO of an investment advisory firm, Jill covers the economy, markets, investing and anything else with a dollar sign on TV, radio (including her nationally syndicated radio show), the web and her blog, "Jill on Money." She welcomes comments and questions at askjill@moneywatch.com . Check her website at http://www.jillonmoney.com )
(c) 2014 TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC

US and Brazil agree on cotton subsidiesUS and Brazil reach accord on cotton subsidies
By Aaron Stanley in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b7f7e78c-4984-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Succession plans earn a role at the topSuccession plans earn a role at the top
Alison Smith and Kate Burgess
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aa0dbd02-44c7-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Corvette Z06 among fastest cars on earthCorvette Z06 among fastest cars on earth
By Peter Valdes-Dapena   @peterdrives October 1, 2014: 3:51 PM ET
When it goes on sale next year the Chevrolet Corvette Z06 will be among the fastest production cars in the world.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
General Motors' new Chevrolet Corvette Z06, expected to go on sale early next year, can launch itself from a dead stop to 60 miles an hour in less time than it probably took you to read this sentence.
In acceleration tests the 650 horsepower Z06 got to 60 in just under three seconds -- 2.95 seconds to be very precise -- and ran a quarter mile in under 11 seconds. These are feats that few street-legal production cars can match. Those that can, generally cost much more than the Z06 which will start at about $79,000. Even the V10-powered Dodge Viper SRT, which recently had its starting price reduced to about $85,000 from just over $100,000, doesn't claim a zero to 60 time under three seconds.
Gallery - America's most powerful cars
Cars like the Ferrari 458 Speciale , which costs around $300,000, and the Lamborghini Aventador , which starts at around $400,000, advertise sub-3-second zero to 60 capabilities. Same goes for the $845,000 Porsche 918 Spyder . Closer to the Z06 in price, the Nissan GT-R has also been said to hit 60 miles per hour in under three seconds but even the GT-R has a starting price of over $100,000.
 
Corvette Z06: Race-bred power
The Z06 is capable of accelerating this fast only when equipped with GM's new eight-speed automatic transmission. With the seven-speed manual transmission, the car took a about a fifth of a second longer reach 60 miles per hour.
The Z06 also showed the best braking performance of any GM production car ever tested and the fastest lap time ever recorded at the automaker's test track, according to GM ( GM ). To hit these numbers, the test car was equipped with an optional Z07 performance package which adds special high-performance brakes and tires.
The Z06 is equipped with a 6.2-liter supercharged V8 engine that produces 650 horsepower and 650 foot pounds of torque. It is expected to go on sale in the spring of 2015.
First Published: October 1, 2014: 3:51 PM ET
Most Popular

Facebook Apologizes to Drag Queens for Name PolicyAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Jet Airways hones international edgeJet Airways hones international edge
GM looks to new vehicles  China to boost profitGeneral Motors looks to new vehicles, China to boost profit
AP Oct 2, 2014, 03.11AM IST
Tags:
astra
(General Motors CEO Mary Barra told…)
MILFORD: General Motors CEO Mary Barra told investors Wednesday that GM plans a raft of new models and a big push to sell more cars in China to drive profits in coming years, as the biggest US automaker tries to shift the spotlight from a mishandled recall of older small cars.
Barra needed to reassure investors that GM has a strong plan going forward. The stock has dropped about 18 per cent this year. It rose 1.7 per cent in afternoon trading.
GM recalled 2.6 million small cars worldwide earlier this year to fix faulty ignition switches that are now blamed for at least 23 deaths nationwide. Barra said suppliers have built all the replacement switches, but only about 1.2 million small cars have had the repairs so far.
GM has admitted knowing about the problem for a decade, but only recalled the cars this year. The switches can cause the engine to stall, deactivating the air bags.
Barra said GM still expects to pay out $400 million to $600 million to compensate ignition switch crash victims. The company has hired compensation expert Kenneth Feinberg to pay victims. He made his first offers last week.
The plan Barra outlined Wednesday emphasizes growth in China. GM plans to invest $14 billion through 2018, including five new assembly plants to support estimated sales of about 5 million per year. Last year the company sold nearly 3.2 million vehicles in China, compared with 2.8 million in the US
GM hopes Chinese cars buyers embrace Cadillac, the luxury brand that has struggled in the US despite earning numerous awards. GM expects China to become the world's largest luxury car market later this decade, and plans to introduce nine new Cadillacs there over the next five years.
New models also figure prominently in GM's strategy. The company said it expects 27 per cent of its global sales to come from new or freshened models next year. That figure rises to 47 per cent by 2019 as it accelerates new model rollouts.
The new vehicles, coupled with cost savings and other measures, should get GM to a 10 per cent pretax profit margin in North America by 2016 and 9 to 10 per cent for the whole company by early next decade. Profit margin is the per centage of each dollar in revenue a company actually keeps. In North America, GM is now at 7 per cent.
GM's new vehicles start with midsize pickup trucks now arriving at dealerships, followed by the Chevrolet Trax subcompact SUV early next year, President Dan Ammann said. Those two vehicles should boost annual sales by about 200,000, Ammann said.
In Europe, where GM is predicting a return to profitability by 2016, a new Opel Corsa small car will go on sale by year end. GM also plans a new Opel Astra compact next year.
Product development chief Mark Reuss showed investors a new Cruze hatchback and a revamped Malibu, two of the more important vehicle updates GM plans. The current Malibu hasn't sold well, but Reuss said the new one shows ``we've got our act together in the midsize car segment.''
GM expects an annual $800 million profit improvement on the Cruze and Malibu alone due to higher prices and cost savings, Chief Financial Officer Chuck Stevens said.
Reuss said GM will save millions by going from 26 vehicle structures this model year to only four for all models by 2025. The four will share many parts, he said.
Barra said if the company performs on plan, dividends will rise. ``When we do that our shareholders will receive the return on investment that they deserve,'' she said, without giving specifics.
Barra said the recalls have brought cultural changes and a stronger leadership team. And she's now pushing harder for change.
``For me personally, I'm a little more impatient, and I think that's a good thing,'' she told reporters at the company's proving ground in Milford, Michigan, north of Detroit .
Standard & Poors analyst Efriam Levy said the plan shows GM is headed in the right direction, although it faces significant challenges. Those include a potential US sales decline after five years of growth, as well as the recall fallout and declining sales in Russia and Latin America.
Investors viewed GM's news more favorably than Monday's outlook from rival Ford, which predicted pretax profits for the year below previous forecasts. Ford shares have fallen more than 10 per cent since its presentation to investors.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mercedes launches GLA class cars in IndiaMercedes forays into the SUV segment in India; launches GLA class cars
By Ketan Thakkar , ET Bureau | 2 Oct, 2014, 08.04AM IST
Tweet
 The Stuttgart-based luxury carmaker Mercedes-Benz has finally launched its compact SUV GLA Class in India at Rs 32.75 lakh-Rs 36.9 lakh.
MUMBAI: Having missed out on the compact luxury SUV wave for the past two years, the Stuttgart-based luxury carmaker Mercedes-Benz has finally launched its compact SUV GLA Class in India at Rs 32.75 lakh-Rs 36.9 lakh (ex-showroom New Delhi), a move which might help the company gain volumes in this segment.
The company has bagged 600 bookings for GLA Class within 18 days of bookings opening, which is 50% more than ts recent hit, the A Class, which translated into a double-digit growth for the carmaker in 2013. With GLA Class, Mercedes-Benz aims to sustain this momentum.
Priced at 10% premium over competition Audi Q3 and BMW X1, Mercedes-Benz says it aims to up the luxury quotient in the compact SUV space by offering segment-leading features like seven airbags, Harman audio system and panoramic sunroof with rain sensors to name a few. Eberhard Kern, MD, Mercedes-Benz India, told ET that GLA Class forms an important pillar of its volume strategy, and will join the existing volume drivers like the A and C Class.
"Mercedes-Benz, both worldwide and in India, has a very strong hold in the sedan portfolio, but now we have built a formidable SUV portfolio across segment as well, and the GLA Class is our latest arsenal in the luxury SUV segment . Our SUV sales have been on the upswing in India and we are seeing more customers buying our SUVs now than ever before. With the launch of the GLA Class, we expect this trend to strengthen further," says Kern.
In 35,000 units of luxury car space, the luxury SUV Class constitutes about a fourth of the market. With the GLA Class coming in, experts say, the SUV space has the potential to capture almost one third of the overall market. The GLA Class 200 CDI Style is priced at Rs 32.75 lakh, the 200 Sport at Rs 36 lakh, and the 200 CDI Sport at Rs 36.9 lakh. All prices are ex-showroom Delhi.

Records: Henry Kissinger made plans to attac...Henry Kissinger ordered contingency plans drawn up nearly 40 years ago to attack Cuba, incensed over the small island's deployment of troops to Angola, according to declassified government documents
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US Secretary of State Henry Kissinger ordered contingency plans drawn up nearly 40 years ago to attack Cuba, incensed over the small island's deployment of troops to Angola, according to declassified government documents posted online Wednesday.
In several White House meetings, Kissinger advocated for strong action to stop Castro, fearful that his incursion in Africa was making the US look weak. He argued that Cuba's actions were driving fears around the world of a wider race war that could spill over into Latin America and even destabilize the Middle East. In a series of contingency plans that followed, options ranged from a military blockade to airstrikes and mining of Cuban ports. But the documents also warned of heavy risks, including a wider conflict with the Soviet Union and a ground war to defend the US Naval base at Guantanamo Bay.
``I think we are going to have to smash Castro. I don't think we can do it before the election,'' Kissinger told President Gerald R. Ford, according to a transcript of a Feb. 25, 1976 meeting in the Oval Office. Ford replied, ``I agree.''
Jimmy Carter ultimately won the 1976 presidential election.
Kissinger, who had returned from a trip to Latin America, and told Ford that leaders in the region ``are scared to death about Cuba. They are afraid of a race war.''
The documents were declassified by the Gerald R. Ford Presidential Library at the request of the National Security Archive, which published them online Wednesday. An account of the episode is being published in a new book, ``Back Channel to Cuba,'' written by William M. LeoGrande, a professor at American University, and Peter Kornbluh , director of the Cuban Documentation Project at the National Security Archive.
At another Oval Office meeting on March 15, 1976, Kissinger said ``even the Iranians are worried about the Cubans getting into the Middle East countries. I think we have to humiliate them. If they move into Namibia or Rhodesia, I would be in favor of clobbering them.''
Nine days later, Kissinger chaired a high-level ``Special Actions Group Meeting'' at the White House Situation Room to discuss options.
``If there is a perception overseas that we are so weakened by our internal debate so that it looks like we can't do anything about a country of 8 million people, then in three or four years we are going to have a real crisis,'' Kissinger said.
The contingency plans outlined military options from blocking outgoing Cuban ships carrying troops and war material to airstrikes against Cuban bases and airfields. The documents discussed risks, including the possibility that the Soviet Union would thwart a blockade by seizing or sinking ships. ``Escalation to general war could result,'' one document said.
The contingency plans sounded a cautious note about what sort of Cuban provocation would trigger a US military response. They stated that while the ``threshold'' should be low if Cuba moves against US territories, it should be ``highest'' for Africa.

China tells foreign countries not to meddle in Hong KongChina tells foreign countries not to meddle in Hong Kong
Companies may avoid upgrading to Windows 10Companies may avoid upgrading to Windows 10
France boosts military response to Islamic State  eyes next phaseFrance boosts military response to Islamic State  eyes next phase
Jeff Bezos amazed by Amazon s growth in IndiaJeff Bezos amazed by Amazon s growth in India
White House Intruder Pleads Not GuiltyWhite House Intruder Pleads Not Guilty
PIO card-holders to get lifelong visaPIO card-holders to get lifelong visa
Japans missing prosperityJapan is creating jobs but workers do not prosper
By David Pilling
Casualisation of the workforce is stifling the reflationary experiment
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ff22e590-374a-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Teenager takes Hong Kong democracy batonTeenager Joshua Wong picks up democracy baton in Hong Kong
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9d52261c-421e-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hong Kong protests 101Follow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Reliance seeks $500m from share issueAnil Ambani seeks $500m from Reliance share issue
By James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2699f6ac-fbb6-11e3-ad9b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Microsofts Windows teaser: 7  8  8.1  10 
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

Reddit launches app to build mobile trafficReddit launches app to build mobile traffic
By Sally Davies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7e9d7036-32c5-11e4-93c6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tech start-ups to look out forMethodology and judging process
Dominated by memes and gifs, from LOLcats (using pictures of real cats in combination with humorous captions that act as speech-bubbles) to less savoury captioned pictures, Imgur had a user base doubling year-on-year to 130m (or half of Twitter’s user base) without any marketing. Unlike most technology start-ups, which often go public before they enter the black, Imgur was profitable from the beginning. It sells some banner adverts and sponsored images including deals for the release of the latest version of Grand Theft Auto, a popular video game.
Mr Schaaf, founder and chief executive, managed this feat by closely coupling the site to Reddit, a news-sharing forum popular with young men. On Reddit , users can vote a link or discussion up or down, giving it more or less prominence, and on imgur, they do the same with images.
The start-up, in which Mr Schaaf invested just the $7 it took to buy the domain name, raised its first funds from Andreessen Horowitz, a Silicon Valley tech investor, which took a minority stake for $40m.
* * *
What do you get when you combine a former US navy SEAL, a creator of internet encryption and a former Apple security expert? A start-up well placed to make the most out of privacy worries in this post-Snowden era .
Mike Janke, Phil Zimmermann and Jon Callas created Silent Circle to sell ways to encrypt smartphone traffic from voice to data but is now starting to manufacture the Blackphone , a handset that promises a privacy-focused operating system and complete suite of privacy apps.
How can entrepreneurs raise finance to expand a business?
Join an FT Twitter chat @FTmanagement using #FTentrepreneurs
on Friday 6 June 1430 GMT
Partnering with Spanish mobile phone developer Geeksphone, the company will ship the Blackphone in June, aiming it at companies and governments worried about being spied upon by hackers working for the opposition and enemies.
Last month, the start-up with offices in Washington DC and London raised $30m from Ross Perot Jr, a property tycoon (and son of the eponymous politician), and Cain Capital. Mr Janke says it would use the money to meet the “overwhelming demand” for the Blackphone.
“With a customer base including consumers in over 130 countries, 23 of the global Fortune 50 enterprises and governments from 11 nations – we now have the resources to meet the demand for our encrypted mobile voice, video, secure file transfer and international secure calling plans,” he says.
* * *
Silicon Valley is not doing a very good job at keeping Secret secret. The app for sharing secretly is the latest of a new generation of more private social networks, following in the footsteps of ephemeral messaging app Snapchat.
But whereas Snapchat enables one-on-one communication with disappearing photos, Secret is a way of broadcasting something to all your friends, and their friends, without your name attached. If someone “likes” your secret, it spreads further. From rumours of tech deals that throw the industry into a spin to sweet yet slightly disturbing confessions, the app has been used for anything you cannot share on Facebook.
Founded by two ex-Googlers, David Byttow and Chrys Bader-Wechseler, the company is backed by a range of investors from Ashton Kutcher, the actor and tech obsessive, to Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, one of the most-established venture capital firms in Silicon Valley.
In a blog post, the company explained why the app was more than a rumour monger but a platform that will bring “more authenticity, self-awareness and empathy to the world”. Secret said always speaking to a mixed audience of family, friends and acquaintances has made it harder to be authentic – and led to people losing real human connections.
* * *
From all-natural ice cream to premium spirits, farmers’ markets and local delis are full of small consumer goods companies that lack the funding to reach national or international markets. CircleUp aims to connect entrepreneurs that used to have to rely on financial contributions from friends and families with investors who can help support their growth.
Ryan Caldbeck, who funded larger consumer goods companies when he worked in private equity, and Rory Eakin, who invested in small businesses and social enterprises as director of investments at Humanity United, came together to found CircleUp in 2011. Their team vets potential investments looking for high growth rates and revenues of more than $500,000 a year before putting them on the site.
So far it has helped companies raise more than $30m from accredited investors, who can also offer connections and education to the start-up founders. Little Duck Organics sold fruit snacks to families in Brooklyn raised $890,000 from 24 investors to help them expand, while Kale chipmaker Rhythm Superfoods, got $763,601 as a convertible note from 10 investors.
CircleUp raised $14m in its most recent funding round in March led by Canaan Partners, with investment from Google Ventures, Union Square Ventures and others.
Related Topics
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

App Teaches Kindergartners Basic Computer CodingAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

These 10 Astonishing Photos Will Remind You Just How Beautiful The World Can BeThese 10 Astonishing Photos Will Remind You Just How Beautiful The World Can Be
Posted:
reddit
If you need of a reminder of just how beautiful the world can be, look no further than the National Geographic annual photo contest .
Professional and amateur photographers have entered incredible photos from around the world to the 2014 competition, which is accepting entries through Oct. 31.
The contest received over 7,000 submissions from more than 150 countries in 2013, according to National Geographic.
Take a look at some of the stunning photos already submitted for this year's contest.
Painted Ladies
"Young women dress up and have their faces painted to celebrate the dead. Dia de los Muertos is an incredible celebration of life, and a beautiful way to remember those who have passed." Location: Oaxaca, Mexico.
Photo and caption by Daniel Kudish / National Geographic 2014 Photo Contest.
U Bien Bridge Crossing
"Ladies with Conical hats going to the right while locals, Monks, Kids, tourist going to the left as they were walking on the U Bien Bridge made out of teakwood at Mandalay, Myanmar." Location: Mandalay, Myanmar.
Photo and caption by April Badilles / National Geographic 2014 Photo Contest.
Above Big Sur
"I'd gone to Big Sur to watch the gray whale migration from the cliffs, but it was too foggy to even see the water. I decided to hike up the Baronda Trail to see if I could get above the fog. This view was my reward. Miles of lupine and blue skies. Outstanding!" Location: Big Sur, California.
Photo and caption by Douglas Croft / National Geographic 2014 Photo Contest.
Enlightenment
"The teacher imparting ancient India scriptures, Rig Vedas to the students of the 400 year old Vedic Research Center of Kerala, one of the oldest in India. The teaching is done by traditional means of chanting and actions by hand and not by books. The student’s look at the way the teacher is chanting and memorizes the method. The total year of learning is 4-1/2 years to complete the three Vedas." Location: Trissur, Kerala, India.
Photo and caption by Sreeranj Sreedhar / National Geographic 2014 Photo Contest.
Half Dome Yosemite Large Fire
"This was taken at 3am with a 1-minute exposure showing Half Dome and the fire that was raging in the valley behind it." Location: Yosemite Glacier Point, CA.
Photo and caption by Judge Helbig / National Geographic 2014 Photo Contest.
Searching
"Glass eel fishing season starts in Japan in the winter. Hunters illuminate the water with a mercury lamp from onboard and scoop up eel fry gathering in the light with a small net. During the new moon, hunters search for glass eel and wander about with many lights in the estuaries." Location: Japan.
Photo and caption by Yusuke Sakai / National Geographic 2014 Photo Contest.
Taj Mahal sunrise
"In the early morning, the fog of early march spreads the light. It's like we were still under drugs." Location: Agra, India.
Photo and caption by Thomas Dorleans / National Geographic 2014 Photo Contest.
20'000 Leagues Under The Sea
"This picture show a genuine Industrial Diver System since 1895. It is part of the collection of an old retired diver who worked during the 1950s with this equipment in Lake Geneva.The equipment weighed 140 pounds and more air is supplied by a pump activated manually by two persons.The equipment is preserved in its original condition and works perfectly. This allowed us to try it in real conditions and achieve this photo." Location: Geneva, Switzerland.
Photo and caption by Marc Henauer / National Geographic 2014 Photo Contest.
Thunderdome
"Nothing is more intense at Burning Man than the Thunderdome run by the Death Guild. Every night battles rage on inside this dome as combatants use foam bats to assault each other for 3-5 minutes while the crowd, often covering the whole dome, cheers on." Location: Black Rock City, NV.
Photo and caption by Aaron Feinberg / National Geographic 2014 Photo Contest.
Dreamscape
"A stunning sunset painted the sky over the Jokulsarlon Glacer Lagoon in South Iceland. It was a typical cloudy day in the Icelandic summer. The day was not hoping for a nice sunset, but I still decided to go on the spot, hoping to finally see the sun once the same had left behind the clouds. When the sun went down, in fact the sky burned out in an incredible vanilla tone. The scene was so peaceful and placid, so I decided to capture it with a long exposure, to bring out the amazing sense of oniric peace that this amazing sunset created. It has been like living in a dream."  Location: Jokulsarlon Glaier Lagoon, Iceland.
Photo and caption by Francesco Riccardo Iacomino / National Geographic 2014 Photo Contest.
More:

Hong Kong protests growOctober 1, 2014 7:27 am
Hong Kong protests grow
Huge crowds flocked to the vicinity of the Hong Kong government headquarters on Wednesday, joining the many protesters who had camped out overnight, some for a fifth night.
A woman holds a placard showing her support for the protest movement
Protesters at the National Day pro-democracy protest make their views clear on the use of tear gas
©Demetri Sevastopulo

Hong Kong protests mark National DayHong Kong marks National Day with protests
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/83f90ad2-48bd-11e4-9f63-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IMF urges shake-up of top bankers pay© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a06598d4-4962-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Canary Wharf gives Songbird a liftCanary Wharf gives Songbird a lift
By James Wilson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cc3dcd68-b64c-11e3-b230-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Songbird set to double property portfolioCanary Wharf developer Songbird set to double property portfolio
By Ed Hammond, Property Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3d8bd402-1c73-11e3-a8a3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Iran ecommerce thrives despite obstaclesIranian ecommerce thrives despite obstacles
By Najmeh Bozorgmehr in Tehran
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e44136e6-3cdb-11e4-9733-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HK family group snaps up Canary Wharf siteHK family group snaps up Canary Wharf site
By John Aglionby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/25882490-4932-11e4-9d7e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Daniel Stewart shares suspendedDaniel Stewart shares suspended on failure to file accounts
By Kate Burgess and Harriet Agnew
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9d445a0a-497b-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bank of America Board Gives Chairman Job to Brian MoynihanBank of America Board Gives Chairman Job to Brian Moynihan
Modi promises action to improve ease of doing bizModi promises action to improve ease of doing biz
PIO cards now valid lifelongPIO cards now valid lifelong
http://usat.ly/1xCGhbSEMAIL
Thomas Sandell, CEO of Sandell Assest Management
JDS Uniphase JDSU  gained 3% to $13.15 Wednesday after an activist shareholder urged the company to pursue strategic alternatives to enhance shareholder value.
Sandell Asset Management said the networking equipment, laser and optic company’s current stock price reflects “next to no value,” and contends the company’s business segments and tax benefits are “dramatically undervalued,” according to a Securities & Exchange Commission filing.
In a Monday letter to the company’s board, Sandell CEO Thomas Sandell urged the company to unlock shareholder value in addition to the previously announced spinoff of its optics business.  “We believe the Board must take prompt action to unlock the value that is associated with these various assets in order to minimize the dramatic discount at which the company’s stock continues to trade,” Sandell says.
The Milpitas, Calif., based company  is potentially worth $19 to $26 a share, says Sandell,  a hedge fund which had previously taken stakes in Bob Evans Farms, TPC Group and H.J. Heinz.
Sandell has had discussions with management previously, but said following a Sept. 15 discussion with CEO Thomas Waechter, he was troubled by what appeared to be a lack of responsiveness by management and directors.
JDS Uniphase spokesman Jim Monroe said the company values shareholder input, but said the previously announced plans to split the company will enhance value and offer stockholders “distinct and clearer investment opportunities.”
 

Wall Street tumbles 1% on Ebola fears; small caps dropWall Street tumbles 1%  on Ebola fears; small caps drop
By Reuters | 2 Oct, 2014, 03.09AM IST
0
Share More
The Ebola news pressured shares of airlines and other transportation names, with the NYSE ARCA Airline index falling 3.1 per cent, the biggest per centage decline since January
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks dropped more than 1 per cent on Wednesday as the first diagnosis of Ebola in a patient in the United States spooked investors, economic data pointed to uneven growth, and the Russell 2000 index entered correction territory.
The Ebola news pressured shares of airlines and other transportation names, with the NYSE ARCA Airline index falling 3.1 per cent, the biggest per centage decline since January. The Dow Jones transportation average dropped 2.5 per cent, its biggest daily per centage drop since February.
Small-cap stocks extended recent losses and the Russell 2000 closed more than 10 per cent below its closing high of 1,208.65 in early March, which puts the index in correction territory. It was down 1.5 per cent on the day.
"The small caps have lost the leadership, and a lot of it is the lack of liquidity with those issues. There's much more liquidity in the large caps right now, and when you're experiencing volatility, institutions tend to run toward the large caps," said Bruce Zaro, chief technical strategist at Bolton Global Asset Management in Boston.
The latest decline was the S&P 500's third in a row and followed signs of an uneven expansion in the US economy. Growth in US factory activity slowed more than expected in September even as hiring in the private sector accelerated.
The CBOE Volatility index, Wall Street's fear gauge, ended up 2.5 per cent.
The day's losses were broad, with all of the 10 S&P 500 sector ending in the red except for utilities.
Among airline stocks, Southwest Airlines fell 3.6 per cent to $32.55 and Delta Air Lines dropped 3.5 per cent to $34.90.
Shares of drugmakers with Ebola treatments in the pipeline were up sharply. US shares of Tekmira Pharmaceuticals climbed 18.2 per cent.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 238.19 points, or 1.4 per cent, to 16,804.71, the S&P 500 lost 26.13 points, or 1.32 per cent, to 1,946.16 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 71.31 points, or 1.59 per cent, to 4,422.09.
About 8 billion shares changed hands on US exchanges, above the 6.3 billion average for the last five sessions, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
The largest per centage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was China Green Agriculture, which rose 13.64 per cent to $2.25, while the largest per centage decliner was Centrus Energy , which fell 25.27 per cent to $7.63.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were Brazil's Petrobras, down 6.27 per cent at $13.30, and Ford Motor , down 1.35 per cent at $14.59.
On the Nasdaq, Facebook, down 3.1 per cent at $76.56, was among the most actively traded.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,319 to 760, for a 3.05-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 2,123 issues fell and 597 advanced for a 3.56-to-1 ratio.
The benchmark S&P 500 index posted three new 52-week highs and 22 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 16 new highs and 248 new lows.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Sensex likely to hit 31 000 by December 2015  says CitigroupSensex likely to hit 31 000 by December 2015  says Citigroup
Bezos amazed by Amazon s growth in India; says biz driven by local teamJeff Bezos amazed by Amazon's growth in India; says business completely driven by the local team
ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 06.38AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(Amazon India has already…)
NEW DELHI: On a visit to the capital, Jeff Bezos , chief executive officer of Amazon, the world's largest e-commerce firm, said that he was amazed by the growth of his company in India. Amazon India has already exceeded gross merchandise sales of over $1 billion within a year of its operations in the country.
Bezos, who has an estimated net worth of about $30 billion, said the India team has full control over its operations. "The India team should think of me as a rich uncle from Seattle who would just provide cash. The business is completely driven by the India team from here. It has done exceedingly well," Bezos said. The 50-yearold CEO had announced a $2-billion investment in Indian operations this year, a day after rival Flipkart raised $1 billion in funding.
Bezos said Amazon's focus will be to upgrade logistics services, develop the mobile platform and new tools and techniques to help small and medium businesses grow in India. "Indian SMEs should lean into the future and get hooked to the digital platform so as to reach a global audience," he added.
In conversation with former Nasscom president Kiran Karnik at an event organised by the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce & Industry, Bezos said that if he were to start Amazon all over again today, he would still choose books as a category. "It's a category where you can scale to millions of products. When we launched, we had a million titles on offer," Bezos added.
The Amazon founder has also launched Blue Origin, a company that is building technologies to enable low-cost human travel to space.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GLOBAL MARKETS-European equities hit by factory data; Ebola triggers U.S. cautionGLOBAL MARKETS-European equities hit by factory data; Ebola triggers U.S. caution
So far so good  Amazon looks at SMEs for next spurt: BezosSo far so good  Amazon looks at SMEs for next spurt: Bezos
Indian carriers to save Rs 800 crore on ATF ...You are here: Home > Collections
Indian carriers to save Rs 800 crore on ATF price cut
Anirban Chowdhury & Mihir Mishra, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 04.31AM IST
Tags:
Air India
(The cut is the steepest since…)
NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: Indian carriers will save about Rs 800 crore this year via the 4% reduction in ATF prices implemented by oil refiners early Wednesday, according to airline executives and analysts.
This will however lead airlines, already offering steep discounts on air fares, to slash prices further the executives said.
The cut is the steepest since May last year, an executive at Bharat Petroleum Corp told ET. The prices were dropped after Brent crude slid to a year low of $94.24 on Tuesday. Jet fuel accounts for the highest chunk of a local carrier's operating costs in India. High levels of state taxes further add to the fuel costs.
CEOs of local carriers recently met India's aviation minister to demand that ATF should be brought under the declared goods category which would bring it under the tax bracket of a uniform 4%. The price cuts however will not lead to any difference in air fares. "Air fares have not been directly linked to ATF prices for the last 12-16 months. Also we have clubbed fuel surcharges with the base fare since early this year. So there's no case for cutting prices," said a senior executive at low fare carrier SpiceJet which has been taking the lead in offering discounts in India.
Oil refiners last year sold a total of 2,836 thousand metric tonnes (TMTs) of jet fuel worth Rs 18,674 crore to domestic carriers last year and 1,959 TMTs worth Rs 14,076 crore to international carriers, said the official at BPCL. A total of 495 TMT worth Rs 4,995 crore was sold to the defense forces.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SHAREHOLDER ALERT: The Athlon Energy Inc. Acquisition By Encana Corporation May Not Be In The Best Interests of..What do you think of Realtime News?
Hi Guest
SHAREHOLDER ALERT: The Athlon Energy Inc. Acquisition By Encana Corporation May Not Be In The Best Interests of..
ATHLON ENERGY INC. (NYSE:ATHL)  Intraday Stock Chart   Today : Thursday 2 October 2014     NEW YORK , Oct. 1, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- The fairness of the proposed acquisition of Athlon Energy, Inc. ("ATHL" or the "Company") (ATHL) by Encana Corporation ...

Obama: New leadership was needed at Secret ServiceObama: New leadership was needed at Secret Service
Theaters  under threat  slam Netflix  Weinstein plan for Crouching TigerBy Cecilia Kang September 30 Follow @ceciliakang
In the sequel to “Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon,” actress Michelle Yeoh will reprise her role as Yu Shu Lien. (Photo by Chan Kam Chuen)
Netflix’s announcement that it will release the sequel to “Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon” along with select Imax theaters drew strong criticism from theater giants Regal Cinemas and AMC Theatres on Tuesday, as the plan potentially disrupts a business model built on giving theater-goers first dibs on big-picture productions.
In a statement responding to the announcement by Netflix and the Weinstein Company, Regal Cinemas said it will “not participate in an experiment where you can see the same product on screens varying from three stories tall to 3 inches wide on a smartphone.”
“We believe the choice for truly enjoying a magnificent movie is clear,” Russ Nunley, spokesman for Regal Cinemas said. Regal operates 7,341 screens in 573 theaters in the United States. 
AMC Theatres, the largest operator of theaters with Imax equipment, said they also won’t participate in Netflix’s and Weinstein Company’s plans.
“AMC Theatres and Wanda Cinema are the largest operators of Imax-equipped auditoriums in the world,” said Frank Ybarra, spokesman for AMC Theatres, which licenses the Imax equipment in 147 theaters. “Only AMC and Wanda decide what programming plays in our respective theaters. No one has approached us to license this made-for-video sequel in the U.S. or China, so one must assume the screens Imax committed are in science centers and aquariums.”
At the heart of the theater companies’ response is the growing fear in some parts of the entertainment industry that the television experience is increasingly merging with moviegoing. Box office sales have been stagnant or falling for years; this summer was also a disappointment.  The soft ticket sales are due to a number of factors, including better television technology in homes, shifts in tastes for movies and better alternatives online. Theaters have tried to lure moviegoers with plush reclining chairs, reserved seating and gourmet concession stands.
Meanwhile, television — on cable, broadcast and online — is thriving, with advertising revenues and new subscriptions increasing.  Netflix , which has expanded most quickly onto the turf of television networks, has said it has ambitious plans to tackle more forms of original content.
“Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon: The Green Legend,” directed by Yuen Wo-Ping, who choreographed “The Matrix” triology and “Kill Bill” 1 and 2, will again star Michelle Yeoh as Yu Shu-Lien. The Weinstein Company will produce the movie, which will be released simultaneously to Netflix subscribers and in select Imax theaters.
“The moviegoing experience is evolving quickly and profoundly, and Netflix is unquestionably at the forefront of that movement,” Weinstein Company co-chairman Harvey Weinstein said. “We are tremendously excited to be continuing our great relationship with Netflix and bringing to fans all over the world the latest chapter in this amazing and intriguing story.”
Cecilia Kang is a staff writer covering the business of media and entertainment.

Narendra Modi s ministers wields broom a day ahead of launch of  Swachh Bharat ANarendra Modi s ministers wields broom a day ahead of launch of  Swachh Bharat A
Auto sales rise for fifth straight monthAuto sales rise for fifth straight month
ITC to paint paan shops in colours related t...ITC mulls painting paan shops in colours associated with it's different tobacco brands
Shambhavi Anand & Rasul Bailay, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 04.05AM IST
Tags:
brands
(Smoking lounges at Munich,…)
NEW DELHI: With the Centre considering a proposal to ban tobacco product advertising even at points of sale, the country's top cigarette maker ITC may explore a novel way to promote its brands — by painting thousands of paan shops in colours and patterns associated with them. ITC plans to provide facelifts to about 18,000 paan shops and cigarette kiosks across the country in designs associated with its cigarette brands such as Gold Flake and India Kings to get around laws against tobacco marketing and consumption, which may soon become more stringent, said a person familiar with the company's plans.
"It is like just take the name out of the advertising and use the rest of the visual assets and consumers will come to align them with the brand," the person told ET. A spokesperson for ITC said the company fully abides by the law.
"ITC does not respond to queries relating to its market actions. Suffice to say, the information is motivated," the spokesperson said in an emailed reply to ET."ITC has always complied with and continues to comply with all applicable laws, including the law relating to restrictions on advertising," the company spokesperson said.
The move comes at a time when the Union health ministry is looking at the recommendations of an expert panel it had set up to look for ways to discourage cigarette smoking. The panel suggested tougher laws, including a ban on general practice of selling loose cigarettes, a steep 100-fold increase in the penalty for smoking in public to Rs 20,000 from Rs 200, and a blanket ban on tobacco advertising even in stores and paan shops that sell them.
Currently, tobacco products are barred from any form of television, print and outdoor advertising, but tobacco companies can advertise in stores where they sell those products. Visual cues associated with Gold Flake include colour gold and patterns such as waves and hexagons. Gold and charcoal are associated with India Kings.
Tobacco companies globally leverage such socalled visual assets to sidestep advertising bans. For example, when many European countries did so, JTI International — maker of cigarette brands Camel, Winston, Mild Seven and Silk Cut — initially advertised Camel boots that used a font similar to the one used on cigarette packs. Following a clampdown on this, the company used design elements to evoke the Camel brand.
Smoking lounges at Munich, Zurich, Geneva, Moscow, Kuala Lumpur and Dubai airports were painted in blue and gold — the Camel colours. Some of them had camel statuettes or pictures.
The person familiar with ITC's plans said the ever-changing tobacco legislation in India is forcing tobacco companies to think out of the box when it comes to brand promotion. Sunil Alagh, former chief executive of Britannia Industries and current marketing consultant, is sceptical about BJP government introducing sweeping legislation advocated by the expert panel.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian philanthropists dare to venture into ...Small bunch of Indian philanthropists supporting ventures in unconventional areas of governance, human rights
Naren Karunakaran, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 03.57AM IST
Tags:
Governance
(Rohini Nilekani, who…)
MUMBAI: Even as much of Indian philanthropic capital flows into predictable areas like education, healthcare or water, a small and gutsy bunch of philanthropists is directing their generosity towards issues like governance and the thorny thickets of human rights.
Rohini Nilekani, who has done considerable work in water and education sectors over the years, is keen on channelling much of the Rs 164 crore she raised by sale of Infosys shares into initiatives on governance alone — be it data transparency, supporting think tanks for better policy formulations, or supporting independent media She has been veritably pushed into the governance arena by circumstances as she realised that working on social verticals is not enough — governance as a horizontal, cross-cutting theme has to be addressed too.
"There are huge gaps and leaks in the system, in government plumbing," she says. Another set of givers, including former Infosys director TV Mohandas Pai and Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw of Biocon, are going deeper into the political process itself through Bangalore Political Action Committee (B.PAC) "It's not enough to constantly moan and groan. We have to participate and catalyse reforms," says Pai, who is now putting scores of young, debutante politicians at the grassroots through training regimens.
CV Madhukar, cofounder of the PRS Legislative Research and director for governance related investments at the India office of Omidyar Network, would like to expand the governance framework a little further and address the issue of judicial delays too in addition to issues involving media, civic technology, open data and fiscal transparency.
While there are risks involved in governance work, he isn't overly bothered. "It need not be confrontational, it's about working together," he says. Globally, billionaire philanthropist Pierre Omidyar and George Soros are among the few that are pushing the governance and human rights agenda proactively. These philanthropists are of the opinion that issues of governance, if left only to politicians and bureaucracy, will get stymied and all their efforts in trying to address social issues will remain stunted or result in sub-optimal outcomes.
"Unless the governance piece in the framework is fixed, our developmental goals cannot be achieved," explains Anu Aga, former chairperson of Thermax, a philanthropy evangelist. As a Rajya Sabha member, Aga is privy to the processes in government and is appalled by the inadequacy of the present system to deliver. Indian givers have traditionally shied away from addressing human rights issues.
Shalu, who is from a prominent industrial family, is one of the few converts. It started with a study on sex trafficking she was given last year by Dasra, a strategic philanthropy foundation. "It stumped me and my husband," she says.
"The problem is huge and is not being attended to." Over 80% of sex workers nationwide (16 million women) are victims of sex trafficking and 40% of these victims are adolescents and children. "We talk of women em owerment and here we have a situation where she has no right over her own body," laments Shalu. It may take a long time for philanthropists to even look at contentious issues such as labour, environmental and resource rights, freedom from interference in privacy, freedom from gender or identity-based violence or right to sexual expression.
However, a small beginning has been made. Usually donors want all their money to go into projects, giving little thought to the needs of the NGO or the agency itself. Amit Chandra, managing director, Bain Capital, has worked with 30 NGOs in education, vocational training and health, for over a decade. He has drawn his lessons.  
Chandra now wants to expend all philanthropic money and time on building capacities of NGOs — leadership support and training, improving organisational structures, shoring up human capital, building resilience and abilities to scale. "Very few think big because of the huge limitations they are mired in," he says. Capacity building is emerging as a key area for donors who are keen on ushering systemic changes.
COLLECTIVE GIVING
One of the most gratifying developments of recent times is the emergence of high-impact collective giving where the combined energies of many are directed towards a particular cause. Nimesh Sumati and Rajesh Kacholia, extremely media-shy Mumbai- based businessmen, have strung together an informal network - Caring Friends - of over 400 high net worth individuals who fraternise occasionally, exchange notes and give.
The amounts are not to be sniffed at. Collectively they donate over Rs25 crore a year to 50 select NGOs across 18 states. It's the informal character of the entire exercise that is remarkable. No proposals are sought, no MOUs are signed. Caring Friends doesn't even have a bank account but givers and the NGOs work in a close embrace.

Everstone not just PE fund  but an incubator...Everstone Capital Advisors not just a private equity fund, but an incubator par excellence
Baiju Kalesh, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 04.22AM IST
Tags:
Dhanpal Jhaveri
(Set up in 2006, Everstone…)
MUMBAI: Seven years ago, Madhusudan Khemka, 44, was planning a plunge in the business of windmill equipment along with two partners. He had some capital, from the sale of his information technology company, but was still short. He wanted an investor, but only a long-term one. In a month, he found one. Everstone Capital Advisors , a private equity (PE) fund gave Khemka Rs 55 crore for 30% of ReGen Powertech, valuing the company at Rs 181.5 crore and acting in a manner that is not the norm.
The norm among PE funds is to invest in mature businesses. With ReGen, Everstone was effectively buying — that too, big time — into an idea and a business plan. It was acting like a business house. Today, ReGen is one of the four businesses in Everstone's portfolio of 28 companies it has incubated from scratch.
Set up in 2006 by former McKinsey consultants Sameer Sain and Atul Kapur, Everstone has invested about 80% of the $1 billion raised by it, via two funds, and one-third of it has gone into incubating ventures.
It's a ratio Sain expects to maintain with its third fund, of $600 million, the meetings for which it started last month and whose closure it expects by March 2015. "People who make money are the ones who execute business," explains Sain for taking this high risk, high return tack.
So far, besides ReGen, it has incubated IndoStar Capital (in the business of financial services), Tikona Digital (broadband services), Food and Beverages Asia (quick service restaurant). It has also built 20 million sq ft of warehouses under IndoStar Global Solutions and 17 malls from its real estate fund. "For Indian business, we are like a business house," says Dhanpal Jhaveri , one of the seven managing partners at Everstone and its CEO. "It is atypical...we tend to basically build rather than buy."
"It is a unique model," attests a senior official tracking PE at a global consultant. This official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, points out that PE funds are structured to typically invest for a maximum of seven years, which could fall short of a promoter's time horizon for a business to reach maturity. But Everstone can go up to 12 years while being involved. "The incubation allows the PE fund to build and operate the company, aligning it with the future target," he adds.
In 2011-12, ReGen posted a net profit of Rs 150 crore on revenues of Rs 2,500 crore, and was the third-largest windmill equipment maker in India after Suzlon and Vestas. Its valuation too has risen prodigiously: three years after its initial buy, Everstone paidRs 100 crore to buy another 10% in ReGen, a six-fold increase in valuation.
Everstone's strategy is to identify trends and opportunities, provide capital at book value, build the business with the right talent and exercise control. "Primarily, we look at three things before we incubate businesses or back an entrepreneur,'' says Jhaveri.
"The right mix of a large market opportunity, the ability to scale the business within three to five years, and a high-quality management team."
A day after he resigned from Reliance Communications, technocrat Prakash Bajpai started Tikona to provide broadband services. On day one, Everstone, along with Goldman Sachs and Oak Capital, invested $110 million in Tikona and gave it office space to start operations. "It was a jump start with a startup, with loads of money," says Bajpai. "From day one, we boarded a running train."
In 2013-14, according to Bajpai, Tikona posted revenues of $50 million and operates in 25 cities. This June, IFC bought 4.5% in it while Everstone cut its stake by two-thirds to 11%. "We are now self-sufficient and making an operating profit," says Bajpai.
Everstone's roots go back to 2006, when Future Capital, co-promoted by Sain and Kishore Biyani's Future Group, was split into two. Biyani kept the non-investing businesses while Sain took the investing business, which became Everstone.
In 2011, Sain and Kapur birthed IndoStar Capital as a wholesale-financing company. On day one, it was capitalised to the tune ofRs 900 crore by Everstone and its other PE partners. "The basic kernel of the idea came from Everstone," says Vimal Bhandari, managing director of IndoStar. "Today, it has a loan book of Rs 3,300 crore with zero default."
And only two of the 70 companies it has given loans to belong to Everstone's portfolio.
F&B Asia, a company in the business of quick service restaurants in Asia, is the newest venture Everstone is incubating. It has the rights to the Burger King chain in India for 25 years and plans to invest Rs 200 crore for 60 outlets. It has the Indonesia franchise for Domino's Pizza.
Besides capital, Everstone, lends both operational and management capability. "We create working groups that work with, and sometimes get inducted in, the investee companies," says Jhaveri. About 10% of its fund managers are from global consulting firms or operating companies.

Deposit rates heading south after credit demand hits a soft patchDeposit rates heading south after credit demand hits a soft patch
CURRENCIES: Dollar Falls Sharply Against Yen After ISM DataCURRENCIES: Dollar Falls Sharply Against Yen After ISM Data
Investors  shopping list includes Angie sEMAIL
Company co-founder Angie Hicks.
Investors have pretty much checked off  Angie’s List, the business review website which has struggled with losses and lower-than-expected revenue growth. But  in the midst of a broad market selloff Wednesday, Angie’s List   ANGI jumped $1.22 (19%)  to $7.59 on a Financial Times report that the company has hired investment bankers for a potential sale.
The Indianpolis-based company, declined comment. Shares have hovered near 52-week lows since a disappointing second-quarter earnings report in July. At the time, CEO Bill Oesterole said the company expected to make significant improvement in the latter half of the fiscal year.
Named after co-founder Angie Hicks, Angie’s List provides fee-paying members advice on local contractors and services.  As of mid-year, it had 2.8 million members in more than 250 markets.
B. Riley analyst Sameet Sinha says the company could fetch up to $13 a share. That would match Angie’s November 2011 IPO price, but be of little solace to those who purchased shares at their mid-2013 peak of $27.66.
 

Amazon to sell packaged food on it s sites in IndiaAmazon to sell packaged food on it s sites in India
MHA notifies rules for lifetime visa for PIOsHome Ministry notifies rules for lifetime visa for Persons of Indian Origin
ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 04.56AM IST
Tags:
FRO
(The new rules stipulate…)
NEW DELHI: Within hours of an announcement to that effect by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the US at the Madison Square Garden, the Home Ministry has notified new rules on Tuesday stipulating that all NRIs holding Persons of Indian Origin (PIO) cards will now get lifelong entry to India.
Amending the PIO Card Scheme, 2002 on September 30, the Home Ministry has now notified that PIO Card issued to an applicant shall be valid for his life time from the date of its issue provided that such applicant has a valid passport. Earlier, foreigners of Indian Origin had PIO cards with only 15 years validity for visa-free entry to India and they had to extend it for 10 years at a time if desired.
Now, PIO cards will have life-time validity, as promised by Modi in New York on Monday and the process of extensions has been done away with. "It is hereby clarified that a PIO Card which has been issued prior to the date of publication of this notification shall be deemed to be valid for life time of its holder subject to the condition that such person has a valid passport," as per the Scheme for issuance of Person of Indian Origin Card (PIO Card) Amendment Scheme, 2014, which has been notified by the Home Ministry.
The Home Ministry has also changed rules that earlier stipulated that PIO card holders spending more than 180 days in India were required to register themselves with the concerned Foreigners Regional Registration Officer / Foreigners Registration Officer (FRRO/FRO) here.
The new rules stipulate that no PIO card holder needs to register with the FRRO irrespective of the duration of his stay in India. Modi had announced the same in New York.
PIO Card Scheme for foreigners of Indian origin having foreign passport was introduced by the Indian Government on March, 30, 1999. A total 52,264 persons, till 2010 have obtained PIO cards. PIO is granted to foreigners married to Indian citizens, a person whose parents/grandparents/great grandparents are or had been of Indian origin and minors whose parents are Indian citizens or one parent is an Indian citizen and the others is not.
PIO card is not allowed to nationals of Pakistan, Bangladesh, Afghanistan, Sri Lanka, Bhutan, Nepal and China.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Not just toilets  India needs toilet-training as wellNot just toilets  India needs toilet-training as well
BJP s  baba-log  to lend a hand to Swachh Bharat msgBJP s  baba-log  to lend a hand to Swachh Bharat msg
PG&E S Smart Grid Delivers Customer Benefits And Improved ReliabilityPG&E S Smart Grid Delivers Customer Benefits And Improved Reliability
Cabinet approves new Goa mining policyOct 01, 2014, 08.29 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Cabinet approves new Goa mining policy
The ban was imposed based on the findings of justice MB Shah commission report, which estimated a Rs 35,000 crore loss to the exchequer due to alleged illegal mining over 12 years.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cabinet approves new Goa mining policy
The ban was imposed based on the findings of justice MB Shah commission report, which estimated a Rs 35,000 crore loss to the exchequer due to alleged illegal mining over 12 years.
Post your opinion here
 
The Cabinet has approved a new mining policy, thereby breathing a new life into the industry. Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar has said category one mines can start operations by January next year.
The ban was imposed based on the findings of justice MB Shah commission report, which estimated a Rs 35,000 crore loss to the exchequer due to alleged illegal mining over 12 years.
The Supreme Court had lifted the two-year-long ban on the industry in April this year, with a condition that the state government should formulate a mining policy. The policy was discussed during the state legislative assembly session held in August.
RELATED NEWS

Ashoka Univ working on bringing ethics to Indian cultureOct 01, 2014, 10.23 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Ashoka Univ working on bringing ethics to Indian culture
Ajay Bahl, co-founder of AZB & Partners, who is an active donor for the cause, says it was the people behind this Ashoka University and their level of commitment that led him to believe in the project.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ashoka Univ working on bringing ethics to Indian culture
Ajay Bahl, co-founder of AZB & Partners, who is an active donor for the cause, says it was the people behind this Ashoka University and their level of commitment that led him to believe in the project.
Post your opinion here
09:00 pm
In this Joy of Giving week, the focus is on Delhi-based Ashoka University which is a philanthropic initiative founded by eminent scholars and visionaries to offer liberal education.
Ashish Dhawan, founder of Central Square Foundation says this model focuses on writing, communication skills and critical thinking and hence the university chose to teach the liberal arts model to students.
DaanUtsav: Jhunjhunwala hopes to give Rs 5k cr by July 2020
Also Read: DaanUtsav: Jhunjhunwala hopes to give Rs 5k cr by July 2020
Ajay Bahl, co-founder of AZB & Partners, who is an active donor for the cause, says it was the people behind this Ashoka University and their level of commitment that led him to believe in the project.
Dhawan says the University is working on the principles of Emperor Ashoka and is attempting at creating not just thinking individuals but responsible, ethical people who care for India and the world.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview.
Q: How exactly did you start this? What was the thought process behind it?
Dhawan: Our thought really was the fact that when we looked at Indian higher education it puts students into a straight jacket. If you are studying economics all you are doing is studying economics. There is an acute focus on content or knowledge acquisition. So as we were recruiting students coming out of Indian colleges we find them to be rather unidimensional. We found it was very important that now that we are living in the 21st century it is important to build 21st century skills in student. Focus on writing skills, communication skills, critical thinking skills etc. We felt the liberal arts model which combines breadth and depth would be the way to do that.
So Pramad Sinha, Sanjeev Bikhchandani, Vineeth Gupta, Ashish Gupta, myself a few of us came together five-six years ago to start working on building a leading liberal arts university in India so that we could prove that this was a form of higher education that was required across India.
Q: Just for the benefit of our viewers do you want to let them know where exactly this university is located. Is it even a brick and mortar university because it is so much about online?
Dhawan: We are a full fledged university. We have been granted university status by the government. We are located just north of Delhi within the NCR in Haryana about 8-9 km from the Delhi border on the highway to Chandigarh. A very interesting project. State of Haryana has built the Rajiv Gandhi Educational City and there will be eight or ten universities that will be coming up in this area. So we are one of the first ones that have launched out of there but we get our students from across India. We have students from 24 states in our first year itself and from five countries 330 students in the first year itself.
Q: You are one of the bigger donors for Ashoka University. What appealed to you about this?
Bahl: Primarily the people who are behind it. I have known Mr Ashish professionally, I have known Pramad for a long time professionally, Mr Amit Chandra some of the others not personally but by reference. I was just absolutely by their sense of commitment when they came over the effort they made to come over and talk about the university and the amazing commitment. A; vintage having known them but then seeing their commitment to the core and how passionately they were involved in it was just mind blowing. Frankly I consider myself privileged because I have been given an opportunity to participate in something that these gentlemen have created. so for me it is something that I could never have even planned on my own, thought about my own and they have given us an opportunity to participate. So I am just delighted.
Q: Are you going to help him in perhaps growing this university bigger moving to other cities as well?
Bahl: I have offered to participate in whatever is required. I had the privilege of running a session with the students there because it is fantastic, the classrooms.
RELATED NEWS

Wall St dips; VIX suggests mkt may be oversoldWall Street dips; VIX level suggests market may be oversold
By Reuters | 1 Oct, 2014, 09.22PM IST
US stocks fell on Wednesday, with investors spooked by the first diagnosis of Ebola in a patient in the United States.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks fell on Wednesday, with investors spooked by the first diagnosis of Ebola in a patient in the United States, but the CBOE Volatility index pared back from earlier gains, suggesting further volatility may be limited.
The VIX, a measure of investor anxiety, rose as much as 7.6 percent on Wednesday, nearing its highest since April, before it shed most of those gains. It last traded up 2.3 percent at 16.69, still well below its long-term average of 20.
Donald Selkin, chief market strategist at National Securities in New York, said the VIX had found resistance near 17, continuing a trend seen in both April and August.
"That's important, because it suggests that when we get to 17, investors think the market is oversold. We could see a bounce, and already it looks like the market is off its lows of the day."
The S&P 500 fell as much as 0.9 percent before recovering modestly to fall 0.7 percent. The benchmark index remains less than 3 percent away from its all-time closing high, "a smaller decline than was seen in previous dips that took the VIX to 17," Selkin said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

CAT now on a hot tin roof as registrations fallRegistrations for CAT 2014 fall to a new low; lack of promotions, craze of overseas degree main reasons
Sreeradha Basu, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 04.09AM IST
Tags:
Cat
(This year, 65% of US programmes report…)
MUMBAI: The number of registrations for the Common Admission Test (CAT) 2014 for entry to the prestigious Indian Institutes of Management (IIMs) has fallen to a new low of 1,89,759, despite six proposed IIMs being added to the existing 13.
So are the IIMs somehow losing their lustre? Not quite, say the experts. But they need to do something about promoting CAT — fewer non-IIM schools now accept it as an avenue for admission. About 1.96 lakh vouchers were sold last year, with registrations for the test closing at a little over 1.94 lakh. This in itself marked a seven-year low, down nearly 33% from the peak in 2008.
This is in contrast with the findings of Global Management Admission Council 2014 Applications Trends survey released end-September, which states that for the second year in a row, a majority of full-time, two-year MBA programmes globally reported rising or stable application volumes. According to GMAC, in 2014, 61% of schools globally teaching two-year degrees saw a rise in applications, up from 50% of schools in 2013.
While India-specific figures are not yet available for 2014, the percentage increase in the number of GMAT test takers from India over 2010-2013 is 25%. In contrast, the number of CAT takers has dropped 7.35% from 2.04 lakh in CAT 2010. The highest number of GMAT exams was delivered in India in 2013. In all, 22,878 candidates took the test from India in 2013 compared with 22,310 a year ago and 18,321 in 2010.Narayanan Ramaswamy, partner and head, education & skill development, KPMG in India, says the time has come to question whether the CAT as an examination is contemporary or not.
"IIMs are not coming down in their popularity. The number of aspirants for IIMs may not have reduced, but there is a reduction in the number of people who use CAT as their means of getting to top B-schools," he said.
"Everything needs promotion . CAT needs to have a team working on popularising it." While six proposed IIMs have been added to the existing ones, there has been a decline in the number of non-IIM business schools that accept CAT marks for admission, following the CAT 2012 controversy. Around 90 or so such schools will accept CAT scores this year for admission, compared with close to 150 a few years ago.
Also, added Ramaswamy, new IIMs need to find a way to differentiate themselves and create a proper positioning among a glut of management institutes. "Otherwise students would opt for other wellknown B-schools which may not use CAT as an entry examination." Sankarshan Basu, chairperson, Career Development Services, IIM-Bangalore, said a number of students who know that they won't make it to a top Indian B-school hrough CAT are looking at alternatives abroad.
"There is this craze for an overseas degree . Many of those who don't make it to top-ranked B-schools abroad are willing to go down the ladder and look at lowerranked institutes," he says. GMAC survey also states that since 2012, much of the growth in US full-time twoyear MBA programmes stems from increased overseas admissions.
This year, 65% of US programmes report receiving more applications from foreign candidates, up from 56% in 2013, and 41% in 2012. US schools report that India and China are largest sources of foreign candidates.
CAT 2014 convenor Rohit Kapoor of IIM Indore said that even after September 30, the last day of online registrations, he got frequent calls requesting an extension of the deadline. "The load was extremely high on the last day and the maximum number of registrations, in fact, happened on the last few days."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Times World Rankings: IISc  PU top Indian va...You are here: Home > Collections
IISc, Panjab University top Indian institutions in Times World Rankings
Sreeradha Basu, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 05.27AM IST
Tags:
IISC
(Two other Indian universities…)
MUMBAI: A spot in the top 200 continues to elude India in the Times Higher Education World University Rankings of 2014-15, but new entrant Indian Institute of Science and Panjab University have made it to the top 400, emerging as the joint No. 1 among Indian universities.
Both are in the group of universities ranked 276-300. While IISc debuted after being considered for the listing for the first time since it started to admit undergraduate students, Panjab University slipped from last year's group ranked 226-250. Individual rankings are given to universities in the top 200 whereas the rest are bunched up in batches of 25 or 50.
Two other Indian universities in the top 400 are the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay, and the Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee, both in the 351-400 group. IIT Bombay was missing in the rankings last year. IIT Delhi, IIT Kharagpur and IIT Kanpur, all in the 351-400 band last year, slipped out of this year's list. Globally, the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena retained the No. 1 spot for the fourth consecutive year, ahead of Harvard University in second and the University of Oxford in third.
Stanford University holds fourth place and the UK's University of Cambridge moves up two places to fifth. According to data shared in an e-mail to ET, IISc in Bangalore scored 32.6 in teaching, 39.5 in research, 51.6 in citations, 37.9 in industry income and 18.2 in international outlook. Panjab University in Chandigarh scored 84.4 in citations, 29.2 in international outlook, 28.3 in industry income, 23.7 in teaching and 10.5 in research.
"It is good news that India now has two universities in the world top 300, compared to just one last year. But it should be a cause for serious concern that a country of India's size, growing economic strength and great intellectual history, does not yet have a top-200 entrant, and does not seem to be making enough progress up the rankings," Phil Baty, the editor of Times Higher Education World University Rankings, said in a release.
"Many countries put serious resources into improving the global profile and performance of their universities as part of their economic growth plans, and India needs to ensure it does not fall too far behind." Baty told ET that although there was a 25% increase in participation from Indian institutes, small movements in a university's position can result in big changes, such as dropping out of the table.
"Factors such as more and more universities participating from across the globe can also be cruel and in some cases can result in institutions falling out of the top 400. These Indian institutes (which have not made it this time) only rest just outside of the top 400, however. It will not be impossible for them to regain lost ground," added Baty.
Published by the Times Higher Education magazine, the university rankings are considered among the most prestigious of its kind. Rankings are compiled on the basis of 13 criteria across five categories - teaching (30%), research (30%), citation impact (30%), international outlook (7.5%) and industry income (2.5%).
FEATURED ARTICLES

Home Ministry notifies rules for lifetime visa for PIOsHome Ministry notifies rules for lifetime visa for PIOs
Microsoft leapfrogs to Windows 10Microsoft leapfrogs to Windows 10
Rajan hints at higher G-sec limit for foreign investorsRajan hints at higher G-sec limit for foreign investors
Maruti recalls 70k units of Swift  Dzire & RitzMaruti recalls 70k units of Swift  Dzire & Ritz
Indian carriers to save Rs 800 crore on ATF price cutIndian carriers to save Rs 800 crore on ATF price cut
To boost Indo-US ties  PM has to transform biz in IndiaTo boost Indo-US ties  PM has to transform biz in India
Strategic Outlook of Vehicle Relationship Management Market in Europe and North AmericaStrategic Outlook of Vehicle Relationship Management Market in Europe and North America
Ebola scares Wall StreetEbola scares Wall Street
Bezos to take SMEs globalBezos to take SMEs global
Ben Bradlee Now In Hospice Carereddit
Ben Bradlee, the legendary former editor of the Washington Post, is suffering from advanced dementia and is in hospice care, his wife Sally Quinn disclosed in an interview with C-SPAN.
Bradlee, who is 93, secured a place in history with his stewardship of the Post through the Watergate scandal. Last year, he received the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
Quinn, who has been married to Bradlee for 36 years, told C-SPAN's Brian Lamb that dealing with his worsening health was initially "the most horrible experience I have ever had," but that "the caretaking part of it has really become something almost sacred."
She said that Bradlee has had a serious decline over the past couple of months.
"He sleeps now about twenty hours a day and doesn't eat much," he said. "But, you know, he's totally content."
Watch the video above.

Dow stocks giving investors headachesThe Dow stocks giving investors headaches
By: Matt Krantz October 1, 2014 2:00 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Do you feel the Dow’s pain today? Yes you do, with all 30 Dow stocks down. But some are taking a larger brunt of the pain.
Unlike a few other recent pullbacks that hit financials hard, this one is hitting health care and industrials most. The biggest percentage loser in the Dow is Tylenol maker Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) , which is down 2.4% to $103.98.
Following J&J on the Dow stocks hurt most on a percentage basis is E.I. du Pont (DD) , which is down 2.1% to $703.24. The worst-performing Dow stocks on a percentage basis today are:
Company

http://usat.ly/1rN4j0MBorrowing from 401(k) can cost more than you think
Primarily taking out loans to buy a house, Fidelity analysis finds.
Post to Facebook
Borrowing from 401(k) can cost more than you think Primarily taking out loans to buy a house, Fidelity analysis finds. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vyv9L0
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
36
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Borrowing from 401(k) can cost more than you think
Hadley Malcolm , USA TODAY 1:58 a.m. EDT October 3, 2014
Investors who borrow against their 401(k)s could be losing out on hundreds of dollars a month in retirement, according to an analysis by Fidelity Investments.
(Photo: AP)
573 CONNECT 155 TWEET 204 LINKEDIN 36 COMMENTEMAILMORE
More investors are taking out loans against their 401(k)s, and that could hurt their retirement income by hundreds of dollars a month, according to an analysis by Fidelity Investments released Wednesday.
The number of investors borrowing from their 401(k)s has been steadily increasing for more than a decade. Today, more than one in five people, or 22.5% of Fidelity's 401(k) investors, borrow against their retirement savings, up from 18.7% in 2000, according to Fidelity's analysis of 13 million investors.
More than 2 million investors have outstanding loans, and nearly 1 million took out loans in the past year.
Use 401(k)s to maximize retirement savings
What's most concerning, says Jeanne Thompson, vice president of thought leadership for Fidelity, is that the analysis finds that a significant portion of those who borrow aren't able to maintain their previous savings rate: 40% of borrowers reduce their savings rate, and of those, more than a third stop contributing to their 401(k) altogether within five years of taking a loan.
Half of borrowers go on to take out another loan. Fidelity calls them "serial borrowers."
Who borrows against their retirement savings?
(Photo: Janet Loerke, USA TODAY)
"They're almost treating their 401(k) like a checking account," Thompson says. "If you're never paying a loan off in full, you're constantly playing catch-up."
Fidelity finds you're also going to be way behind when it comes to how much you have to live off of during retirement. In a hypothetical analysis, Fidelity found that investors saving at a rate of 10% who fall to a rate of 5% for five years will receive nearly $200 less each month in retirement. Those who stop saving completely over 10 years will have nearly $700 less a month in retirement.
Currently, 401(k) investors are contributing an average of 8% of their incomes.
Don't let your 401(k) retire before you do
"I don't think that's something people think about when they take out the loan," Thompson says. "Think about what you could do with $690 a month in retirement."
While Thompson says more borrowers are taking out general loans, likely in emergencies, a small portion are taking out large home loans. Millennials are borrowing the most for homes, at an average of $17,100, or 37% of their retirement savings. But just 3.6% of Millennial investors do so.
Since 2000 there has been an increase in investors borrowing from their 401(K)s.
(Photo: Janet Loerke, USA TODAY)
They may also be in the most trouble when it comes to paying the loans back. Known for only staying at companies a few years, Gen Y could be hurting their retirement savings even more when they leave a company, which is when 401(k) loans have to be paid off. Those who can't pay off their loans in full still have to pay all taxes owed on the balance and a 10% penalty if they're younger than 59.5, Thompson says.
A third of people have nothing saved for retirement
She recommends taking out a 401(k) loan only if you know you can maintain your savings rate and will be at your job long enough to be able to pay the loan back. And given the number of serial borrowers, an emergency savings fund is crucial, she says.
"Serial borrowers are the ones that are taking (loans) for the smallest amounts," Thompson says, adding that even saving $10 a week will add up for borrowers typically taking out loans for $500 to $1,000. "Some people think $10 won't make a difference. But it will over time. To some extent it's a bit like dieting."
573 CONNECT 155 TWEET 204 LINKEDIN 36 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vyv9L0
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

http://usat.ly/1pGNleEFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Atlantic City's Revel casino snatched up for $110M
A Canadian asset management company won a bankruptcy court auction for Atlantic City's failed Revel casino hotel and announced plans to re-open it as a casino. after paying $110 million.
Post to Facebook
Atlantic City's Revel casino snatched up for $110M A Canadian asset management company won a bankruptcy court auction for Atlantic City's failed Revel casino hotel and announced plans to re-open it as a casino. after paying $110 million. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vyFruH
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
4
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Atlantic City's Revel casino snatched up for $110M
AP 6:47 p.m. EDT October 1, 2014
The failed Revel Casino Hotel n Atlantic City, N.J.
(Photo: Mel Evans, AP)
146 CONNECT 60 TWEET 22 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. (AP) — As one Atlantic City casino after another shut down and left thousands of workers jobless, Mayor Don Guardian insisted that the meltdown that claimed four of his city's 12 casinos since January was actually the opportunity of a lifetime for savvy investors.
On Wednesday, someone finally agreed.
A Canadian asset management company won a bankruptcy court auction for the failed Revel casino hotel and announced plans to re-open it as a casino. Toronto-based Brookfield US Holdings will pay $110 million to buy the 2-year-old casino that cost $2.4 billion to build, adding it to casinos it owns in Las Vegas and the Bahamas.
"These are the first people that realized what I've been saying about Atlantic City turning the corner and being a great investment due to the low prices," Guardian told The Associated Press on Wednesday, hours after the successful bid was announced. "We've had a lot of bad news. This is certainly some good news."
But this being Revel, for which nothing has ever come easily in its 2 ½-year history, the good news was tempered by concern about the would-be buyers' financial situation in Las Vegas, where it owns the Hard Rock casino. Brookfield told securities regulators in August that it was unable to make an interest payment due that month, and was trying to work things out with its lenders, who could demand immediate repayment of nearly $1 billion in debt.
Brookfield spokesman Andrew Willis said the negotiations underway for the Hard Rock property will not affect its ability to complete the Revel purchase, which needs to be approved by a bankruptcy court judge on Oct. 7. It also owns the Atlantis Paradise Island casino in the Bahamas.
In an auction that began Tuesday morning and lasted until early Wednesday, an opposing bidder, Florida developer Glenn Straub, was selected as the backup bidder in case Brookfield did not close on the deal.
"Revel is a brand-new trophy asset on the beachfront, which we are acquiring at a substantial discount to replacement cost," Willis said. "We are excited about owning the newest and highest quality asset in Atlantic City at such an attractive basis."
Atlantic City fears darkness after casinos close
He said the company is not ready to reveal specific business plans for Revel — or even whether they will still call it Revel — but confirmed the plan to operate it as a casino-hotel. He could not estimate when the property might re-open.
The would-be owners got an early vote of confidence from the casino workers' union that bitterly fought the non-union Revel even before it opened. Bob McDevitt, president of Local 54 of the Unite-HERE union, said, "We look forward to sitting down with Brookfield and working out a positive relationship for the workers who were displaced by its closing."
Revel closed on Sept. 2 after just over two years of operation, one of four Atlantic City casinos to go out of business this year, ending the jobs of 8,000 workers, so far. A fifth, the Trump Taj Mahal, may close on Nov. 13.
The attorney for Straub said the developer has not yet decided whether to challenge the auction's outcome.
"We have to decide whether we're going to fight it in court, whether to try to top (Brookfield's bid), or something else," Stuart Moskovitz said. "We have to come up with a plan before Tuesday."
Straub, the Florida developer and polo aficionado had spoken of re-opened Revel as a so-called "genius academy" at which highly intelligent people would tackle the world's biggest problems. He said the property may or may not have had a casino.
146 CONNECT 60 TWEET 22 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vyFruH
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Minda Industries to ink 60:40 JV with PanasonicEBITDA
(The overall consumption…)
NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: Auto components manufacturer Minda Industries is partnering Japan's Panasonic to make automotive batteries in India. The two entities are setting up a 60:40 joint venture that will supply batteries to original equipment manufacturers and also be an aftermarket supplier for the twowheeler and passenger vehicles segments.
"The battery market in India is experiencing rising demand from various sectors, thereby providing immense opportunities to manufacturers to grow and operate in the market lucratively," said Nirmal K Minda, CMD of Uno Minda.
"Having a strong footprint in India and with technical support of Panasonic, a leading name in the Industry since 1937, we believe Uno Minda will be able to serve customers in multifarious ways." Minda Industries, a listed company that is part of the Uno Minda Group, started making automotive batteries in 2008 for two-wheeler OEMs but had to withdraw two years later over quality issues.
Since then, it has run the business as a small aftermarket supplier to the two-wheeler segment. The joint venture it is forming with Panasonic at an investment of Rs 160 crore will feed into the growing market for lead acid storage batteries for the two- and four-wheeler and UPS segments in India. The company will use Uno Minda's Pant Nagar plant to produce starting, lighting & ignition (SLI) and lithium ion batteries.
Demand for lithium ion batteries in India is expected to rise on the back of the government's electric mobility plan. Panasonic has production bases in Japan (Kosai City, Shizuoka Prefecture), Thailand (Samut Prakarn Province) and the People's Republic of China (Shenyang City).
The Indian automotive battery market is worth about $300 million, according to a report by Frost & Sullivan. The overall consumption of automotive batteries could be around 6.3 million units a year, with the OEM segment comprising 1.2-1.3 million units, the report said.
According to Minda, the group is planning to invest Rs 700-800 crore in three years for capacity expansion and acquisitions. The group has one company-Minda Industries, whose operating income in FY14 was Rs 1,706 crore with a profit margin of 4.56% and EBITDA of Rs 78 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ATC bets on data  4G for expansion in IndiaAmerican Tower Corporation looks at mergers and acquisitions to boost presence in India
Danish Khan, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 05.49AM IST
Tags:
4G
(ATC is now reportedly…)
NEW DELHI: American Tower Corporation (ATC) is betting on the need for more telecom towers in India as the country's data consumption surges and 4G is adopted widely even as the Boston-based company looks at mergers and acquisitions to grow its presence, its top official in the region said. Telecom operators such as Bharti Airtel, Vodafone India and Idea Cellular are focusing on upgrading their existing sites to support growing data demand instead of investing much in adding new sites in the country, Amit Sharma, ATC's vice-president and president for Asia operations told ET.
"Reliance Jio, the sole pan-India BWA (broadband wireless access) licence holder, is establishing a greenfield network, which requires a big number of new towers, whereas incumbent telcos are just upgrading their existing large networks to include new technology," he said. But with data consumption on an upswing and 4G expected to have wider adoption in two to three years, the existing operators will also need to put up more towers, besides upgrading their network.
"All of them are at different stages of development of their plans for large-scale roll-out. Their existing network and number of sites will probably require significant increase in next twothree years," Sharma said.
The number of towers in India will double in the next five years to 800,000, he added. In India, 3G consumption is on the upswing while 4G is still at the nascent stages due to selective launch by Airtel and Aircel.
With Reliance Jio readying for its 4G launch early next year, data demand is expected to shoot up considerably. "Data is very unforgiving. If you don't have good coverage, it will impact your business," Sharma said. The company's portfolio has increased to 12,500 towers from 11,938 at the end of March. ATC will install new towers in the country on the basis of demand from its customers among telecom operators, Sharma said.
In April, ATC had tied up with Reliance Jio Infocomm to help the firm roll out its much-awaited high-speed data and voice services faster and at a lower cost across India. Asked about the impact of Reliance Jio deal, Sharma said that any growth was good for the company, but declined to comment on the transaction specifically.
ATC is now reportedly in talks to buy a significant stake in its larger rival, local tower operator Viom Networks, to grow its footprints in the country. While declining to comment on this development, Sharma said ATC was open to merger and acquisition.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Post on Cong site stirs up frenzy over drug ...(Novartis, which owns  patent…)
B y Divya Rajagopal
MUMBAI: A post on the Congress party's website claiming steep hikes in the prices of life-saving medicines, especially cancer drug Glivec, has led to the social media playing it up and also creating confusion.
Novartis, which owns the patent for Glivec globally but excluding India, and Natco Pharma, whose generic version of the drug was also listed on the website, denied any price increases after a section of the media also reported it. The price has shot up to more than Rs 1 lakh from Rs 8,500 for Glivec and to Rs 11,500 from Rs 8,500 for Natco's generic version Veenat, the post said without giving the drug quantity.
It also showed modest to sharp increase in the prices of several other drugs. "This information is absolutely false," said Adi Narayan, company secretary at Natco. "The price of Glivec was revised downwards by 93% under DPCO (drug price control order) 2013 and remains unchanged." said Ranjit Shahani, vice chairman and managing director of Novartis India.
The maximum retail price of Veenat is Rs 10,260 for a bottle of 120 tablets of 100 mg, according to AWACS/AIOCD, a research firm that tracks drug prices from 4,000 chemists across India. Noavrtis sells Glivec at an MRP of Rs 40,000.
The post on the Congress website comes two weeks after the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) revoked a price-cut order it had issued in July. The NPPA had included 108 cardiovascular and diabetes drugs under a guideline that allows the drug regulator to cut drug prices in emergency situation.
The order had angered pharma companies who were still recovering from a new drug pricing policy introduced by the previous Congress-led government last year that had cut the prices of 348 drugs. The revocation from NPPA of this new order has come after lobbies of Indian and multinational drug companies went to courts protesting against the move.
Imatinib, the molecule in Glivec and Veenat, is used for the treatment of blood cancer. Companies such as Dr Reddy's Laboratories, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, Cipla, Lupin and Cadila also sell imatinib.
A spokesperson for Dr Reddy's said there was no change in the prices. DG Shah, secretary-general of the Indian Pharmaceutical Alliance, also denied any price increase.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Training  not birthplace  makes you win: JamalBahrain's Maryam Yusuf Isa Jamal reacts as she crosses the finish line to win …
By Seungmyung Roh
INCHEON South Korea (Reuters) - Ethiopian-born Maryam Yusuf Jamal thanked Bahrain for giving her the chance to earn a living from athletics on Wednesday and told Reuters that her Asian Games 1,500 metres gold medal was down to intensive training, not which country she originated from.
Several oil-rich Gulf states, including Bahrain and Qatar, have achieved overnight athletics success by recruiting fleet-footed young Africans, who are free to compete at international level after meeting eligibility and residency requirements.
The issue has become a hot topic at the Asian Games in Incheon, where the track has been dominated by athletes born in Africa who switched allegiance.
Olympic Council of Asia (OCA) honorary life vice president Wei Jizhong has warned of the dangers of countries trying to buy success, suggesting it could discourage investment in home-grown athletic talent.
But Jamal, who came home just ahead of fellow Ethopian-born Bahraini Mimi Belete Gebregeiorges to claim a hat-trick of Asian Games 1,500m wins told Reuters that whether an athlete was born in a country or had been adopted by it made no difference.
"Everybody is representing Asia," she said. "Bahrain gave me a lot of opportunity and the people also supported me from my federation... I say 'thank you Bahrain'."
Jamal, who became the first athlete from the island country to win an Olympic medal when she took bronze in London two years ago, said she had tried to obtain Swiss citizenship but when that fell through she made the switch to Bahrain.
"The people who come from Africa to Asia, it's because of their training they win," added Jamal, who said she trains twice a day with one day off per week.
"If you train hard, you're a winner. If you don't train hard, you're a loser.
"I always train hard and that's why I always win."
The 30-year-old Jamal will attempt to win her second Incheon gold in the 5,000m final on Thursday.
(Writing by Peter Rutherford; Editing by John O'Brien)
Recommend

Hong Kong leader plays waiting game  protesters demand he resignsHong Kong leader plays waiting game  protesters demand he resigns
Grand jury considering the Ferguson shooting is being investigated for misconductBy Kimberly Kindy October 1 Follow @kimberlykindy
The St. Louis County prosecutor’s office is investigating an accusation of misconduct on the grand jury that is hearing the case against the Ferguson police officer who shot and killed 18-year-old Michael Brown .
Ed Magee, the spokesman for county prosecutor Robert McCulloch, said they received the information from a “Twitter user” Wednesday morning.
“We are looking into the matter,” he said.
An account of possible jury misconduct surfaced Wednesday morning on Twitter, when several users sent messages about one juror who may have discussed evidence in the case with a friend.
In one of those messages, a person tweeted that they are friends with a member of the jury who doesn’t believe there is enough evidence to warrant an arrest of the officer, Darren Wilson.
The same person who tweeted about being friends with a member of the jury has also tweeted messages of support for Wilson.
Magee confirmed that information on the Twitter user and feed came from an activist, Shaun King.
Within seconds of posting this, her friends told her to delete it and she did. It was screenshotted first. pic.twitter.com/b6kTf9p40h
— Shaun King (@ShaunKing) October 1, 2014
The jury has been weighing evidence on the case since Aug. 20 , within days of the Aug. 9 shooting. McCulloch told The Washington Post last week that both the FBI and county police’s investigations into the shooting are “pretty much done.” He also said that jurors should be done hearing all the evidence by later this month, but they could meet through mid-November .
Grand jury proceedings are confidential and if there has been a breach, the prosecutor’s office may have to start over with a newly empaneled group.
Meanwhile, Ferguson is grappling with continuing protests amid the wait over whether Wilson will face charges.
The attorney for Brown’s family, Ben Crump, said the potential breach must be fully investigated.
“If this allegation is true and there is a member of the grand jury who is discussing the case with a Darren Wilson supporters the appropriate thing for the prosecutor to do is impanel a new grand jury,” Crump said in an interview Wednesday night. “If this person is discussing the case outside of the grand jury it is wholly inappropriate. It’s an issue of fairness for Michael Brown’s family.”
Reached on Wednesday evening, King told The Post that the potential link was further evidence that the current legal proceedings may be flawed.
“At a time where so many people in Ferguson already don’t believe that Prosecutor Bob McCulloch will take this case seriously, this potential leak is a disaster,” King said. “If it’s found to be true and the Grand Jury has to be dismantled, McCulloch should be taken off of the case immediately and replaced with a special prosecutor.”
Wesley Lowery contributed to this report.
The parents of Michael Brown, the black teenager fatally shot by a police officer in Ferguson, Mo., visited Washington to ask the federal government to take over the criminal investigation of his death. (Casey Capachi/The Washington Post)
Kimberly Kindy is a government accountability reporter at The Washington Post.

Fitch sees 5.6% growth this fiscal  more in FY16Fitch sees 5.6% growth this fiscal  more in FY16
To boost Indo-US ties  PM has to modify biz in IndiaTo boost Indo-US ties  PM has to modify biz in India
Japan imports fall as fragility persistsJapan imports fall as fragility persists
By Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/472a83bc-3ecf-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Derek Jeter  and Our Own Mortalityreddit
The baseball great Jackie Robinson was famously quoted as saying, "athletes die twice." And I found that thought echoing in my mind as I watched the final games of Derek Jeter. What must this past season have been like for a man with still so much life before him, hearing all those eulogies to his youth? "Ballplayer" is the only identity Jeter has ever known, and now, at an age when many are only getting started, he will have to redefine his life.
Throughout his career Jeter has earned a reputation for being circumspect with the press, for keeping his private life private, along with his thoughts, hopes, and fears. As a journalist you want people to talk but I always respected Jeter's short answers and silence. He was, as so many fans and commentators have noted, a throwback to a time when the mark of a professional was do your job well and let that speak for itself. But one always wondered whether Jeter was so quiet because he didn't have much to say or whether he had a lot to say but was keeping it to himself. I always sensed the latter, and now, after some remarkably un-Jeter-like press conferences, we are getting a window into this man who for two decades lived in the spotlight without casting much of a shadow. We have learned that this star athlete, who played on baseball's biggest stage and whose private life glittered with the bright lights of Hollywood, is human like the rest of us. He spoke of holding back tears and some of the uncertainty of what's to come. And that glimpse of vulnerability seemed to only raise his mythic status.
But this outpouring of emotions surrounding Jeter is much more than just about him, or even baseball. We tear up at a Gatorade commercial not just because we will miss Jeter playing shortstop but because we recognize that we are all moving towards our own final curtain. Twenty years, we think, has it all gone by so fast? We measure the milestones in our own lives over that time: births, and deaths, graduations, marriages, and divorces, new jobs, retirements, and  everything else that marks the human condition.
I think it is poignant that Jeter's departure from a game that was once accurately called America's Pastime comes at a moment when our nation's current most popular sport, football, is facing so much controversy. Growing up in Texas, I played football and have always loved the strategy and power of the gridiron. But I always thought that baseball captured the better instincts of our republic. When I would travel the world and hear some of the negative stereotypes about the United States, I would often shake my head and think to myself if only they understood baseball. Americans have no appreciation or sense of history? Tell that to the guys at the bar arguing over whether Clayton Kershaw is better than Sandy Koufax. Americans are impatient? Tell that to the father who brings his daughter to Cubs games, year after year. Americans don't appreciate nuance? Tell that to the fans wondering what the pitcher is going to throw after setting up a hitter with two consecutive sliders in the dirt.
But more than the games or players themselves, it is the baseball season that I find so resonant. It starts in spring, when, as I heard one Mets fans say, "spring hopes eternal" (or maybe the punctuation should read "Spring! Hope's eternal"). The season, then, peaks through the long days of summer, only to invariably wind down with the coming chill of fall. And if your team is really good, it cheats death for a couple weeks into the postseason -- closer to winter. Baseball is a game where the best teams will have losing streaks and the best hitters will fail more than they succeed. It's a game where you don't have to be freakishly tall or big to succeed. And throughout it all, it is a game that marks time. One former Major League outfielder told me what he misses most about his playing days was the sense of seasons. Over those 162 games, he would find comfort in tracking the shift of the arc of the sun in the sky, as human beings have been doing since before recorded history. It's no wonder that the renaissance of baseball stadium architecture returned the game to one that is best played outdoors.
After Jeter's remarkable game-winning hit in his final at bat at Yankee stadium, he walked out to his spot at shortstop to take in the view. It is a view that none of the rest of us will ever experience. And yet anyone who has ever sat at a desk on a final day of work for those last few minutes, or hugged a daughter before walking her down the aisle, or took one last tour of a childhood home after selling it following the death of a parent, knows what Jeter was feeling. We want time to stop -- just for a second, but it won't. And yet the beauty of the circle of life is that it is unbroken. The arc of the sun in the sky continues on its prescribed path. And come spring there will be a new shortstop taking in the view at Yankee Stadium.
As for Derek Jeter, I am eager to see what the future holds. I hope that he continues to feel freer to share his thoughts. For with baseball, and life, no matter how much you think you know, there's always more to learn. And I think on both fronts Number 2 can teach us a lot.
More:

Japan corporate confidence fadesJapan corporate confidence fades further
By Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b3754530-4919-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mary Kom wins gold in Asiad boxingMary Kom strikes Asiad boxing gold
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS India Private Limited/Yahoo India News –  Wed 1 Oct, 2014
Incheon, Oct 1 (IANS) India's M.C. Mary Kom clinched the gold medal in the women's flyweight (48-51kg) boxing competition of the 17th Asian Games here Wednesday.
Mary, a five-time World Champion, defeated Kazakhstan's Zhaina Shekerbekova 2-0, with one judge scoring the bout 38-38.
Recommend

Congress releases manifesto in Haryana; tries to woos farmers  promises growthComments
Now, we want to put Haryana on higher growth trajectory, said Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda.
Attempting to woo farmers and other sections, Congress on Wednesday released it election manifesto for the upcoming October 15 polls. Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda promised to put the state on higher growth trajectory.
The 23-page manifesto focuses on agriculture and horticulture, irrigation, energy, industry, trade, commerce, FDI and health. It also talks about employment, women empowerment, Scheduled Caste and Backward Classes, urban and rural development and education with a promise to set up one University in every district.
According to the manifesto, efforts for a separate High Court for Haryana in Chandigarh will continue, mining will be resumed after getting approval from the Environment Department, students union elections will be permitted in Universities and colleges while a roadmap will be prepared for each of the 90 Assembly segments so that their needs are fully met.
The manifesto was released at Panchkula jointly by Hooda, Congress General Secretary and party state in-charge Shakeel Ahmed, party Secretary Asha Kumari, chairman of the Manifesto Committee Ram Prakash, state Congress chief Ashok Tanwar and former MP Naveen Jindal. It was read out by Prakash.
Hooda said, “Congress does not want to sit on its past laurels, but intends to continue the unprecedented path of development growth and prosperity of Haryana in its endeavour to serve effectively. Now, we want to put Haryana on higher growth trajectory.”
Haryana being a leading Agrarian state, the manifesto says the government will pay 100 per cent interest of the farmer who return the short-term loan regularly and 50 per cent interest of the farmer who return the long-term loan regularly. Land acquisition policy will be further rationalised.
Efforts will continue to secure Centre’s approval to lower the interest rate on long-term loans of farmers to 4 per cent. Credit limit to the farmers will be provided on the similar pattern as industrialists. Organic farming will be promoted.
Minimum Support Prices of potatoes, onions and tomatoes, like other crops, should be fixed to safeguard the producers from being exploited and attempt will be made to persuade the Centre for this, the manifesto says.
With Traori in Karnal region famous for production of Basmati rice, a modern ‘Rice Improvement Centre’ will be set up there while Basmati festival will also be held each year, it said. A national-level vegetable and fruit market will be built in every district.
The manifesto said horticulture and orchard farming will be encouraged by providing free saplings to panchayats while an international-level market will be established at Ganaur in Sonepat to promote sale of horticultural items.
On the irrigation sector, the manifesto said the present government has succeeded in getting “maximum” share in inter-state rivers and that efforts will be made to execute storage dam work on the upstream of the Yamuna expeditiously.
It said work will soon start on Lakhwar and Vayasi projects and added that efforts for Kisau and Renuka dams will continue. “Wherever possible, water bodies continued…

Do You Have the Grit to Create Lasting Successreddit
When it comes to the goals you most want to achieve in your career, do you have the passion and perseverance to create the kind of success you're longing for?  Perhaps you're hoping to land the job of your dreams, be recognized as a leader in your chosen field, or just be able to show up each day in ways that bring you meaning and happiness.
Researchers have found when it comes to successfully achieving our long-term goals, there's one quality that distinguishes world-class performers. That quality is grit.
"Gritty individuals approach the journey to mastery like a marathon rather than a sprint and this fuels their stamina to practice their talents over and over and over again," explained Associate Professor Angela Duckworth when I recently interviewed her.
Click here to listen to the podcast.
Angela defines grit as the tendency to sustain interest in and effort toward very long-term goals. It entails working consistently toward challenges and being able to maintain interest and effort over the years despite failures, set backs and plateaus in progress.
Whereas most of us take disappointment or boredom as signals that it's time to change our approach and cut our losses, people with grit take these signs as the moment when they need to stick with it and truly show up. Her research has established the predictive power of grit, over and beyond measure of talent, for objectively measured success outcomes.
While much is still being learned about grit, Angela suggests four things you can do to improve your levels of grit:
Be Meaningfully Interested - Make sure your long-term goal is set around something that is interesting and meaningful to you.  The magic of grit occurs only when you have both. For example, you might be interested in ice-cream but do you really find it meaningful and want to be gritty in your pursuit of it? P rofessor William Damon at Stanford University has found that when we find something personally interesting and it's meaningful to the world beyond ourselves, we're able to connect passion with action that provides a sense of purpose and energy that prevents burnout and promotes resiliency.
Cultivate growth mindsets - In new research with Professor Carol Dweck from Stanford University , Angela shares their yet to be published results indicate that grit is positively correlated with the belief that we can improve our talents and abilities.  "Having a " growth mindset " is one of the cognitive antecedents that makes you more inclined to be gritty because it cultivates the belief that things can improve, that failure is not permanent and that there is a reason to persist," Angela explains.
Invest in deliberate practice - Professor Anders Ericsson's studies of world-class experts across different fields have found that one of the primary steps that sets them apart is that they practice the development of their strengths in specific ways.  The deliberate practice they undertake meets the following requirements when it comes to improving their skills: setting specific goals for micro-improvements; chasing a level of challenge that exceeds their current levels of skills (they focus on doing things they can't yet do); seeking immediate and informative feedback; and practicing, practicing and practicing until the point of mastery is reached and they can perform on autopilot.
Ask for support - Rely on other people around you to hold you accountable to your goals and ensure you don't quit in the face of boredom, frustration or discouragement. A common feature in the stories of top performers is that there were times where they stumbled and there were times when they doubted themselves. It wasn't all easy for them, and in many cases, they relied on someone else, not themselves.
As Woody Allen once noted: "Eighty percent of success in life is showing up."  And while Angela suggests there is nothing magic about the number 80 percent, she does agree that for many endeavors if you can just persist and keep showing up this overcomes most of the challenges we face on the way to reaching our goals.
You can test your levels of grit in Angela's research lab at https://sites.sas.upenn.edu/duckworth .
This article first appeared in Live Happy Magazine.
Follow Michelle McQuaid on Twitter: www.twitter.com/chellemcquaid
More:

Asian Games: AIBA to act against boxer Sarita Devi for refusing to accept bronze medal10
5
Indian boxer Sarita Devi could face lengthy international ban for refusing to accept bronze medal on the podium at the Asian Games 2014 on Wednesday. AIBA has opened disciplinary case against Sarita and will announce their decision at the end of Asian Games.
Sarita had lost a controversial lightweight bout against South Korean Ji Na Park. She broke down during the medal ceremony at Incheon and went on to slam Boxing India officials for ignoring her plight.
"The whole incident looked like a well planned scenario by her and her team, and it is regretful to watch a boxer refuse the medal regardless of what happened in the competition. In this regard, as the technical delegate, I had to request OCA to review this incident, so any boxer or athlete in other sports will not follow in her footsteps by disrespecting the spirit of fair-play and sportsmanship of the Olympic Movement," said AIBA supervisor David B Francis.
#asian games 2014 #asian games #india #aiba
"None of the officials who had come with me protested. I am happy that I have sacrificed for my country. I could not stop myself," Sarita Devi told to CNN-IBN.
While commenting on this incident, Sarita's husband Thoiba Singh told CNN-IBN: "This is very funny.....instead of punishing the officials they are trying to ban the boxer."
"We had to collect $500 and submit it to the organising committee as a protest fee. This is totally unacceptable, Sarita has not disgraced the sports, she has done for the benefit of the sports."
Sarita was visibly shattered after the decision in her semi-final on Tuesday went against her despite an overwhelming superiority that was there for all to see.
As her name was called out she stepped on the podium and broke down. She then refused to accept the medal from the official. After much pleading she took the medal in her hands and did not wear it around her neck. Moments before the national anthem of China Sarita stepped off the podium and went to Korea's Jina Park and put the medal around her neck.
The stunned Korean then walked across to Sarita and pleaded with her to take the medal back. Sarita then left the medal on the podium as she walked off the ring.
208

Bihar temple purification case: Villagers attack probe team44
1
Patna/Madhubani: Angry villagers on Wednesday allegedly attacked Darbhanga Divisional Commissioner Vandana Kini and zonal IG AK Ambedkar, who had gone to Madhubani district to probe whether a village temple located there was washed after the visit of Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi, police said.
Two police personnel were injured in the incident. Manjhi had told reporters on Sunday that Brahmeshwar temple located at Andhrathadi village in Madhubani was washed after his visit during assembly by-poll campaign in July this year.
Bihar Director General of Police (DGP) PK Thakur today called it a "minor incident" and said the situation was under control. "We came to know about the incident and two police personnel received minor injuries. We have taken stock of the situation and it is under control," Thakur told reporters.
Bihar CM Jitan Ram Manjhi had claimed that a village temple located in Madhubani district was washed after his visit.
#jitan ram manjhi #bihar #temple purification #madhubani
The CM had said that Mines and Geology Minister Ramlashan Ram Raman and JD(U) MLC Vinod Kumar Singh had informed him about the purification of the temple, both of them have denied saying any such thing. Manjhi ordered a probe saying he had no confusion about the incident.
The police said when the probe team of Kini and Ambedkar visited the village, the people insisted that no such incident had happened after the chief minister's visit. They also pointed out that temple is washed daily in the morning and evening.
The villagers insisted that many government officials belonging to scheduled castes had also visited the temple and no such incident had ever happened, the police said. They became angry when leaders belonging to two political parties also arrived to conduct their probe, said a police officer.
When the police personnel deployed around the temple for divisional commissioner and zonal IG's visit tried to control the crowd, they started to pelt stones on them. In reply to another question regarding attack on Art, Culture and Youth Affairs Minister Vinay Bihari two days ago at a cultural programme in Rohtas district, the DGP said the DM and SP of the district were present at the event and a joint report has been called from them.
"It was a serious incident. Among the arrested persons, two were caught with petrol bottles. Action will be taken after the joint report of DM and SP comes," he said.
12

America s top 20 speeding ticket magnetsAmerica's top 20 speeding ticket magnets
By Melvin Backman   @CNNMoney October 1, 2014: 5:57 PM ET
 
Unlikely speeding ticket magnets
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
It's not surprising that a road-ready rally car like a Subaru WRX or a muscular Pontiac GTO would draw a lot of speeding tickets. But a Suzuki Reno?
In case you've never heard of it, the Reno is a four door economy car. The highest praise car-pricing site Edmunds.com could muster for the now-discontinued Reno is that it "offered barely adequate performance." And yet, according to Insurance.com, it has the 13th-highest percentage of owners reporting at least one ticket.
Related: Check out the rest of the cars that made the list
The insurance quote website collects information about all kinds of violations, but it says the overwhelming majority are speeding tickets. And though the sporty WRX and the GTO rank number one and two on the list, other horsepower-deprived rides, besides the Reno, also seem to attract lead-footed drivers. The humble Mercury Topaz and Toyota Prius C make appearances at nos. 7 and 20, respectively.
The Prius C rounds out the list.
The determining factor for whether or not a car is a speeding ticket magnet often has little to do with horsepower.
"The Chevrolet Corvette, Dodge Viper and Nissan GT-R rank well below average for tickets even though they can easily double the highest speed limits," said Des Toups, Insurance.com's managing editor. "But those cars are also costly, so their buyers tend to be older and take fewer risks," he said.
Related: Corvette Z06 is among the fastest cars on Earth
Owners of cars on the list shouldn't worry about higher insurance costs, he said.
"If you have an accident, it helps to drive up the rates of everyone who owns that kind of car," he said in the statement. "Tickets tend to drive up your rates alone."
To assemble its list of the most heavily ticketed makes and models, Insurance.com went through more than 557,000 quote requests for the first six months of the year. Individuals seeking quotes were asked if they had any tickets. Each car was ranked by the percentage of respondents that said they had gotten a ticket. Each make and model that made the list had an average of just over 1,000 quote requests.
First Published: October 1, 2014: 5:25 PM ET
Most Popular

pDangers of imperious impatienceUpdated: October 5, 2014 00:10 IST
Dangers of imperious impatience
litigation
Celebrities and their lawyers need to guard against excesses. When imprisoned, celebrities need to persuade their fans not to turn fanatic; any breakdown in law and order would only further postpone the bail hearing
After her conviction on September 27, former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa’s bail application came up for hearing on September 30 before the High Court of Karnataka. It was adjourned by the vacation bench of the Bangalore High Court to October 7 so that the regular bench may hear it when the court resumes functioning after the vacation.
Her lawyers moved the Chief Justice to advance the hearing to October 1. The same vacation judge reiterated her earlier order of listing it on October 6. Some lawyers, who may or may not be appearing in the matter, now have taken it upon themselves to stage a protest on the premises of the High Court of Karnataka. Television news channels have been showing her supporters vehemently condemning the tardiness of the process by which their leader has been ordered to remain behind bars pending hearing of her appeal. Members of the film fraternity have also come out in support of her, after she was convicted. Dark hints have been thrown about that somehow Karnataka and its government are complicit in ensuring payback for the hitherto uneasy relationship with Tamil Nadu over the question of sharing Cauvery waters.
Transfer of cases
It is pertinent to note that the State of Karnataka has never sought any role in this prosecution. It was the Supreme Court that transferred the prosecution of Ms. Jayalalithaa in 2003, when a fair trial did not seem possible in Tamil Nadu. The Supreme Court had similarly transferred the cases of M.K. Azhagiri, son of Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam leader M. Karunanidhi, and Jayendra Saraswathi, the seer of Kanchi Kamakoti Peetham, outside Tamil Nadu. In recent times, it transferred the Gujarat riot cases and some cases involving Amit Shah from Gujarat to Maharashtra. The transfer of Jayalalithaa’s case to Karnataka can be ascribed to no one but to the Supreme Court’s effort to secure a fair trial.
Issue of bail
The present custody of Ms. Jayalalithaa and her co-accused — Sasikala Natarajan, V. Sudhakaran and J. Elavarasi — in Bangalore central prison is a painful but necessary burden imposed upon Karnataka by judicial diktat. In private conversations, officials involved in Karnataka’s administration say that a speedy grant of bail pending appeal would not be unwelcome. However, the administration neither directs nor controls the judiciary. It is duty bound to faithfully execute every verdict until interdicted by a superior court.
For the moment, the shrillness of her supporters will not help Ms. Jayalalithaa’s cause. For her well-wishers, this is the time for restraint, not competitive breast beating. A person sentenced to four years imprisonment on charges of corruption cannot command the legal system to take her case out of turn. From prime minister to policeman, from cobbler to caliph, the gaze of law falls equally on everyone. However high may you be, the law is always above you.
The Supreme Court attracted tremendous criticism in the 1980s when the then Chief Justice E.S. Venkatramaiah was woken up at midnight and he proceeded to grant bail to industrialist L.M. Thapar. Thapar had been arrested on the basis of a Reserve Bank of India complaint that several companies run by him had violated the Foreign Exchange Regulation Act (FERA). However, the court received praise when it recently stepped in at 2 a.m. to prevent the possible execution of Surinder Kohli, who was convicted for the Nithari murders. While judges do have judicial powers to act beyond normal court hours, they can be persuaded to act thus only in cases of extreme urgency.
Given the current situation in which Ms. Jayalalithaa is, she has in her favour not only her gender, age and illness, but also the fact that an appeals court cannot possibly speedily hear and dispose of a gargantuan judgment of 1,136 pages.
An appeals court may also in the back of its mind, consider the human cost of her continued incarceration and the frenzied supporters who unnecessarily harm themselves and others. Already several incidents of her supporters resorting to suicide or indulging in acts of violence or protests have been reported from parts of Tamil Nadu.
But even though a court granting bail might consider all the preceding factors, it is also bound to consider the message that a speedy release is likely to convey. When bail under the Prevention of Corruption Act is routinely denied in cases where the sentence period is six months and the bribe amount is Rs.500, a hasty release in this case may be viewed with suspicion. So her lawyers will have to work hard at emphasising the positive and diminishing the negative aspects of her case.
A court can only be persuaded to grant bail; it cannot be coerced or overawed into doing so. The first rule of oral advocacy is “Go where the judge wants you to go.” When the vacation judge had shown her reluctance to have the matter heard out of turn, the persistence with which the lawyer sought advancement only came across as obdurate.
Patience pays
In such situations, it would only be wise to wait out a few more days. Suffering when patiently borne has its own persuasive effect. On the other hand, an impetuous, imperious impatience with procedures can irk those who are charged with judging the case.
I have often thought that Sanjay Dutt’s fate was sealed when his lawyers, in 1993, approached the Supreme Court’s vacation bench when Justice Jeevan Reddy was on it. He was a stern judge, of a leftist orientation and not someone who would countenance laxity of any kind. His continued presence on the case saw almost all of Mr. Dutt’s plausible defences at the trial being destroyed by premature disclosure at an interlocutory stage in the Supreme Court.
Celebrities and their lawyers need to guard against excesses. A lawyer’s rule, like that of a physician, must be – “first do no harm.” Lawyers, for fabulous fees or otherwise, must not be rushed into filing petitions and applications that cannot realistically be granted. Celebrities also need to guard against their celebrity status working against them. Lastly, they need to persuade their fans not to turn fanatic. Any breakdown in law and order might only cause a further postponement of the hearing.
As far as the case of Ms. Jayalalithaa’s imprisonment is concerned, the question is not whether bail will be granted or not. More accurately, it is a question of when it would be granted and on what terms. If the appeals court has some inkling about the time frame when the appeal can be finally heard, that will possibly be the decisive factor in its interlocutory decision on bail.
To all those who anxiously await developments in this case, Hamlet can provide some answers: “If it be now, ’tis not to come; if it be not to come, it will be now; if it be not now, yet it will come: the readiness is all.”
(Sanjay Hegde is a Supreme Court lawyer.)

Fed should speed up exit  says Fink© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5283aefe-0cdf-11e4-90fa-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

GM cars to detect distracted drivingGM to launch cars that can pick up on distracted driving
By Sally Davies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e5787fea-30e9-11e4-8313-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

What to do with torn currency notesWhat to do with torn Rupee notes
Simplus Information Services –  Tue 30 Sep, 2014 10:50 AM IST
Print
Who does not love crisp notes? But, money always exchanges hands. In the process, it loses all its crispness and eventually gets torn. Even the most careful of us have got our hands on at least one or two torn notes. They always seem to be there in our purses.
Some are in such a bad condition that they are rejected by one and all. The note becomes useless and lies around unused.
Here are three ways you can make use of torn rupee notes:
1) Approach the local bank and get a fresh note: Now, this is one of the best ways to get your torn note exchanged for a proper one. Just make sure that the number of the note is not mutilated. If your note’s number is intact, you have a right to get a fresh note as per the RBI guidelines, even if it is soiled, dirty, torn or mutilated.
So, the next time you get such a note, don’t be disheartened. Rush to the nearest bank and have it replaced.
2) When the note is in two or more pieces: If any part of the note is missing or if the note is composed of more than two pieces, RBI has a different set of rules for you to make use of.
If you have more than half of the note in your kitty and if it is a Rs 5, Rs 10 or Rs 20 note, you can get a full compensation. If the note is for Rs 50 or more, you will have to present more than 65% of the note in order to receive a full compensation. It have about 45%-65%, you will only get half of the money.
Otherwise, you will have to let go off the money. Be more careful next time.
3) Donate the money: If you hate going to banks or do not want to go through long procedures for few rupees, go to the nearest temple or an NGO and drop it in the donation box. 
We know it is really an uncalled-for-task, but some people actually do it to get rid of the money they cannot just throw away. The temple trust or the NGO may actually put the money to good use by having it replaced at a bank.
This work is produced by Simplus Information Services Pvt Ltd. Customer engagement through content.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
MORE ARTICLES FROM THE SAME PROVIDER

Unconvincing Rajan sticks to his guns on key rates  says monetary policy data drivenUnconvincing Rajan sticks to his guns on key rates  says monetary policy data driven
NCP tries to hurt Chavan chances  ends up suffering split in ranksWritten by Sandeep A Ashar , Ajay Khape | Satara | Posted: October 2, 2014 3:13 am
In a bid to make the poll battle tougher for former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, former Congress ally, the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), Wednesday withdrew its official candidate from the election fray in the Karad South Assembly seat. Instead, it decided to support Congress rebel and Independent candidate Vilaskaka Undalkar, calling him more “capable” to take on Chavan.
However, in the process, the party suffered a split in its ranks, as the candidate it withdrew, Rajendra Yadav, walked over to the Chavan camp.
The NCP was dealt another blow when Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghtana’s (SSS) Punjabrao Patil also withdrew his nomination from the seat, a move that bolsters Chavan’s prospects.
Yadav told The Indian Express that he received a call from Satara NCP leader and former minister Shashikant Shinde on Tuesday evening, asking him to withdraw his nomination.
Chavan had attacked the NCP leadership, accusing it of entering into a hidden pact with the BJP, at a rally the same day.
After the 15-year-old alliance ended in a bitter divorce last week, leaders from both parties have been publicly targeting the other side.
Senior NCP leaders from the district held a meeting at the Satara district headquarters Wednesday afternoon, where the decision to withdraw the party’s candidate and instead extend support to Undalkar was finalised.
Pre-empting this, Yadav is learnt to have had a secret meeting with Chavan on Tuesday itself. Later, Yadav held a meeting with his supporters and declared that he would offer his “unconditional” support to Chavan. “If they wanted to withdraw my candidature, why did they declare my name in the first place. This is not a deal-making process,” Yadav said. “The NCP was trying to make me a victim of politics.”
Four corporators backing Yadav also joined the Chavan camp. Bolstered by the development, the former CM campaigned in Undalkar’s native village of Undale.
Shinde said that the party had directed Yadav to withdraw from the contest as they wanted a strong candidate to take on Chavan. “Undalkar is a seven-time MLA from Karad and resigned from the Congress to contest as an Independent. He was the most capable person to take on Chavan on his home turf,” said Shinde.
The other prominent candidates pitted against Chavan are BJP’s Atul Bhosale and Shiv Sena’s Ajinkya Patil.
Indicating that it plans to upset Congress heavyweights in western Maharashtra, the NCP also withdrew its candidate from Kolhapur (South), from where Chavan’s confidant and former MoS Satej Patil is seeking re-election.
However, the NCP got a taste of its own medicine when the Shiv Sena declared its backing to Independent candidate Abhijeet Patil in Sangli’s Islampur to make the election path difficult for senior NCP leader Jayant Patil. Even the BJP and the SSS have extended support to Abhijeet.

Advani ploughs lonely furrow  lauds ModiPrint
Written by Hiral Devrajbhai Dave | Ahmedabad | Posted: October 2, 2014 3:11 am
Former deputy prime minister and BJP MP from Gandhinagar L K Advani praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi at a karyakarta sammelan, Wednesday, the first in his constituency after the last Lok Sabha elections, but warned that the party should not forget its founders and the RSS.
Advani got a lukewarm response as neither the state party chief Ranchchoddas Faldu, nor Chief Minister Anandi Patel was present. The audience, too, was thin.
He remembered the contribution of RSS founding members like Nanaji Deshmukh and Syama Prasad Mookherjee and said, “When Modi was asked to lead the party as head of the government, he left his mark on the country and world. We are proud of him… But we should not forget how this happened.”
“Atal Bihari Vajpayee was the best PM. While a few now remember the sacrifice of founding members, I got noticed as I happened to become the Home Minister once,” Advani added.
The karyakarta sammelan near Sola area on Hebatpur road in Ahmedabad was his second event on his two-day visit beginning Wednesday.
He earlier inaugurated a garden near Chandkheda built from his local area development fund.
Advani was among the three senior-most leaders dropped from the BJP’s highest decision-making body, Parliamentary Board, in  August.
Advani, along with Murli Manohar Joshi and Atal Bihari Vajpayee, were “elevated’’ to the newly formed Margdarshak Mandal.
The only senior leaders present at the venue were Surendra Patel and spokesman I K Jadeja.
Of the seven MLAs falling under the Gandhinagar LS seat, the only MLA present at the sammelan was Rakesh Shah who represents
Ellisbridge assembly constituency.
Chief Minister Patel was in Porbandar on account of the Swachchhata Abhiyan, while Naranpura MLA and BJP national chief Amit Shah was away campaigning in poll-bound states.
All leaders hailed Advani for his immense contribution in party-building, but their speeches were focussed on PM and Advani’s protege Narendra Modi.
“For October 2, Narendra bhai has given the beautiful programme of cleanliness. Let’s participate and take message of Narendra bhai forward,” said senior leader Kaushik Patel, who also hailed Modi for giving a Congress-free India.

Delhi HC notice to Chautala  CBI on plea for his immediate surrenderPrint
Written by Aneesha Mathur | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 3:08 am
The Delhi High Court on Wednesday issued notice to the CBI and INLD chief Om Prakash Chautala on a petition seeking directions to the politician to immediately surrender, alleging that he was “misusing” the grace period granted to him by taking part in election rallies in Haryana.
“O P Chautala despite giving an undertaking to the hon’ble High court to surrender by 17.10.2014 is using the intervening period to campaign extensively,” said the plea filed by lawyer Hemant Sharma. The petition also alleged that though Chautala was granted relief on medical grounds, he was violating bail terms by participating in public rallies.
“Why didn’t the CBI take up this issue?” asked Justice Siddharth Mridul, adding that the bail granted to the former Haryana Chief Minister had “already been cancelled”.
CBI counsel Monica Gupta informed the court that the agency was “not in any position to verify” the allegations. Senior advocate Vivek Tankha, appearing for the petitioner, however, said that the schedule of public meetings and rallies to be attended by Chautala between October 2 and October 7 was being published “everywhere”. The plea sought direction to the Haryana leader to immediately return to jail.
Issuing notice to the CBI and Chautala, the Court sought their replies by October 10.
Chautala, who has been convicted and sentenced to a 10-year jail term in a teachers recruitment scam case, was on September 26 asked to surrender by October 17 by the Delhi High Court. He had volunteered to surrender as the court was about to order constitution of a medical board of doctors from All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) to opine on the necessity of keeping Chautala hospitalised, as he had addressed a rally at Jind in Haryana on September 25.
Citing the October 26 order, the petition alleged that Chautala was “taking the court on a jolly ride” by using the time granted to him to campaign for the forthcoming Haryana elections. With the courts closed till October 9, it remains to be seen whether the plea would have any effect on the INLD’s campaign in Haryana.

A toilet for every Maharashtrian is a promise by every partyPrint
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: October 2, 2014 3:05 am | Updated: October 2, 2014 8:44 am
Toilets, which are so central to the Centre’s “Clean India” drive, have also taken centre stage in the Maharashtra elections. Every party has mentioned them in its manifesto, possibly prompted by the prime minister’s Independence Day speech.
Toilets are a pressing need in much of Maharashtra, with 47 per cent of its households having none. Among government schools, 2,447 run without a separate toilet for girls; in rural areas, this is the reason cited most often for dropouts by girls. And the Mumbai-Pune Express Highway offers travellers few toilets along its 93-km run.
“The expressway was built over a decade ago but no thought has been given to toilet facilities along the way,” Raj Thackeray said while releasing the MNS vision document. “Only two places along the highway have toilet facilities, and these are hotels.”
Raj’s vision document promises to address the lack of toilets in railway stations of Mumbai and its suburbs. Half a million people take local trains every day to travel 60 to 100 km both ways. The document stresses a greater role for the state government in management of local railway services.
“Toilets are a necessity long neglected in government schemes,” agreed state BJP president Devendra Fadnavis. “Prime Minister Narendra Modi has laid out a detailed plan for toilet construction in rural and urban areas. We have incorporated plans for separate toilets for girls in both urban and rural Maharashtra. We cannot have girls dropping out because of lack of toilets or because boys and girls have to use a common toilet.”
In the NCP, Supriya Sule has been the most vocal about the need for toilets, particularly at railways stations in Mumbai and the suburbs. Among former rural development minister Jayant Patil’s initiatives, one was a toilet in every village household. That is now part of the NCP manifesto, which promises a separate budget for toilets.
The Congress too promises a toilet to every rural home, besides facilities on platforms and separate toilets for girls in school. “I admit toilets have come on centre stage because of the PM’s announcement from Red Fort,” said former MP Sanjay Nirupam. “But as an MP, I built 2,000 toilet blocks and have always urged the government to ensure the cost of a toilet block does not exceed Rs 2 lakh as it is a very important issue and a basic requirement… The Congress-NCP’s Sant Gadge Baba Gramin Swachha Abhiyan and the UPA’s Nirmal Gram Swachha Abhiyan stressed household toilets… A lot more needs to be done. And we are committed to carrying it forward.”
The Shiv Sena promises toilets at all public places such as railway platforms, theatres and gardens. Senior leaders recall how Bal Thackeray had urged the Sena-BJP government to set aside a budget for public toilets, leading to a Rs-70-crore allocation.

Cong  BJP  Sena team up against NCPs Jayant PatilPrint
Written by Manoj Dattatrye More | Sangli | Posted: October 2, 2014 3:02 am
An unusual alliance has emerged in Islampur constituency of western Maharashtra with the Congress having joined hands with the Shiv Sena, the BJP and Raju Shetti’s Swabhimani Paksha in a combined effort to topple NCP heavyweight Jayant Patil.
Vaibhav Pawar of the Congress and Bhimrao Mane of the Shiv Sena withdrew their nominations Wednesday, the last day for doing so. Abhijeet Patil, who belongs to Shetti’s party, remained in the fray but Shetti said he will now contest as an independent rather than on the party symbol.
“Since we have joined hands with the Shiv Sena and the Congress, the leadership of those parties might object to backing a candidate on the party symbol. Local leaders of all parties have decided to back an independent candidate,” said Shetti.
Even as an independent, Abhijeet Patil has divided the local Congress. Vaibhav Pawar, who has withdrawn, was actually the Congress’s backup for Jitendra Patil, the frontline candidate. Jitendra has refused to pull out for Abhijeet. “I had taken the initiative for bringing all these parties together, but they are supporting Abhijeet Patil who is not from our constituency,” Jitendra said. “They should have asked him to step down.”
What Jitendra agreed on was that Jayant Patil is the “common enemy”. “He has troubled us all,” he said. And Shetti said, “I have no problem joining hands with the Congress when it is against Jayant Patil.”
Congress leader Pratik Patil, grandson of former chief minister Vasantdada Patil, said Jayant Patil has “harassed” leaders of each party. “We have all suffered… Jayant Patil has filed cases against us. He teamed up with the BJP once to capture power in the Sangli civic body. We have decided to puncture his ego,” he said. Pratik said he had conveyed the alliance plan to Prithviraj Chavan and claimed the former chief minister has agreed. About Jitendra Patil, Pratik said, “We asked him to withdraw, but he did not. He might back down later.”
Jayant Patil served as finance and rural development minister in the Congress-NCP government. Islampur is part of the Hatkanangle parliamentary seat, held by Shetti.
“Let them join hands against me,” Jayant said. “I am ready to battle their collective strength. My connect with the voters is deep — I have won the constituency six consecutive times.” Patil won the last election by 54,000 votes.
Denying the allegations about having harassed his opponents, he said the charges were made “to belittle me in the eyes of voters. These parties are afraid of my invincibility”.
The new allies will campaign separately, on different days.

Asia down as Ebola scare hits Wall St  dollar rally on pauseAsia down as Ebola scare hits Wall St  dollar rally on pause
NYMEX-Crude rises toward $91 on U.S. oil stocks dropNYMEX-Crude rises toward $91 on U.S. oil stocks drop
Fukudome lists Streeterville condo for $1.5 million0
Fukudome paid $1.44 million in late 2010 to buy the 2,124-square-foot unit from the building's developer. He also listed the condo for rent at $7,400 a month, said his listing agent, Kenji Watanabe of @properties.
"Fukudome loves Chicago and continues to want to have a foothold here, as his kids grow older. He loves to continually come back to Chicago, and he sees it as his starting grounds here in the U.S.," Watanabe said. "I think he'd prefer to have it rented out, but at the right price, anyone would sell. We will see in the next week or so if it might be rented."
The unit's features include views of Lake Michigan, individualized climate controls, four finished custom walk-in closets, three baths and two master suites.
Reyes sells in Streeterville: David K. Reyes, CEO of Reyes Beverage Group, has sold his three-bedroom, 3,800-square-foot condominium unit in a vintage building on East Lake Shore Drive in Streeterville for $3.1 million.
Reyes Beverage Group, which operates in 13 markets, is a division of privately held global food and beer distributor Reyes Holdings of Rosemont.
Reyes paid $2.6 million in late 2010 for the unit. He listed it last December for $3.4 million. Features in the seventh-floor unit include 31/2 baths, a new eat-in kitchen with custom cabinets, a master suite with lake views, and a large private terrace.
Reyes' listing agent, Hillary Levy of Baird & Warner, declined to comment.
Condo once rented by former Mayor Daley sells: A 2,888-square-foot condo unit on North Michigan Avenue that former Mayor Richard M. Daley occupied as a renter until recently has sold for $2.35 million.
Daley long has been a fan of the Bloomingdale's building, at 900 N. Michigan Ave., where he has rented three units. From 2011 until 2012, he rented a developer-owned, seven-room, 3,479-square-foot unit on the building's 24th floor. In June 2012, he moved to a smaller, developer-owned, two-bedroom rental unit on the 28th floor.
JMB Realty has sold that 28th-floor unit, which it first listed in January for $2.42 million. Daley has left that unit and is living elsewhere in the building. Both units are in a 200,000-square-foot section of the building that JMB converted from offices to residential condos after J. Walter Thompson left the building.
Features in the 28th-floor unit include 21/2 baths, hardwood floors and a fireplace.
Biggert reduces mansion's asking price: Former U.S. Rep. Judy Biggert on Tuesday cut the asking price of her historic, seven-bedroom mansion on more than an acre in Hinsdale to $2.85 million from $3.15 million.
As Elite Street exclusively reported in May, Biggert and her husband placed their 5,768-square-foot home of 43 years on the market for the higher amount.

Gap campaign includes  dressing normal  in ChicagoUnlike their counterparts in Seattle or LA, Chicagoans tended to opt for solid colors over bold patterns, darker tones over bright hues, dark blue denim over black and gray, and straight or slim-fit jeans over skinnies, Summerville said.
Not surprisingly, heavier weighting in shirts and outerwear got more focus in Chicago, she said.
Gap pulled together the exhibit by tapping six local "content creators" — i.e., photographers — and having each of them choose locals who represent a broad cross section of what it means to "dress normal" to model for the campaign. Summerville worked with the photographers to dress and style the models in mostly Gap items for the photo shoots, meant to be representative of each of the locations. Fashion photographer Tommy Ton curated the photos for the pop-up.
The "dress normal" campaign, part of Gap's new black denim collection for fall, can sound like a call to dressing the same. But Gap said its intent is the opposite.
"We were inspired by the bold and honest spirit of the millennial generation; their authenticity is what makes them stand apart in today's complex world," Stephen Sunnucks, Gap global president, said in a statement. "Gap has always stood for individuality and being your most authentic self. By challenging the idea of what it means to dress normal, we hope to inspire confidence in everyone's own personal style."
Retail consultant Neil Stern, a senior partner at McMillanDoolittle in Chicago, said the campaign speaks to Gap's history — "basics, done well, with a twist."
"They have lost when they stepped too far into 'fashion' and they lose when they are too bland," Stern said.
Finding the right balance is difficult, Stern said, "but enabling customers to bring their own individuality to play is a nice spin on the core idea."
The Gap pop-up on Broadway will be open from 11 a.m. to 8 p.m. Saturday and from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. Sunday.

Problem Solver Update0
When the Problem Solver inquired about their situation, a Lane representative contacted the couple for the first time in months. The representative promised to help expedite the order.
Also, the owner of the store where the Laechelts bought the furniture told the Problem Solver that the sofa and love seat would be ready Sept. 24.
They weren't.
On Monday, the Lane Furniture representative emailed Bev Laechelt to say that one piece of furniture is "due" the week of Oct. 3, and the other is "due" the subsequent week. Laechelt emailed Lane seeking clarification.
"Are you saying our sofa and love seat will be delivered (to the furniture store) no later than the week of October 10, 2014?"
The representative emailed Laechelt. "No ma'am," the Lane Furniture employee wrote. "That is when it will be made."
Needless to say, the couple aren't happy.
"LOL," Bev Laechelt said in a subsequent email to the Problem Solver. "I give up."
She said the never-ending delays have left her and her husband feeling sour about the experience.
"I feel like I am an inconvenience to them, like they are doing us a favor," she said. "I wonder if the upper management knows this is how customers — repeat customers — are treated. They would be ashamed."
The Problem Solver will continue to provide updates as warranted.
facebook.com/chitribproblem

Channel 9 s Rich King looks to downsize0
Former Kraft CEO expands Lake Forest estate: Former Kraft Foods CEO Roger Deromedi has broadened his estate in Lake Forest, paying $1.75 million Sept. 15 for a three-bedroom, 3,117-square-foot house on a 1.66-acre property just to the east of the 3.4-acre property that houses his 12,488-square-foot mansion.
Now nonexecutive chairman of Pinnacle Foods, Deromedi, 61, was Kraft's chief executive from 2001 until he was pushed out in 2006. He paid $8.2 million in 2004 for his 22-room mansion, which was designed by architect Charles A. Coolidge and constructed in 1911 for commodities trader Henry Rumsey, who went on to be Lake Forest's mayor. Now, Deromedi has expanded his holdings. His new acquisition includes the other half of a ravine that also is on his property.
Deromedi could not be reached for comment.
Orthopedic surgeon pays $4.4 million for Finkl family mansion in River North: Chicago orthopedic surgeon Roger Chams paid $4.4 million last month to buy a 10,300-square-foot mansion in the River North neighborhood from the wife of the late A. Finkl & Sons CEO and fourth-generation steel magnate Charles W. Finkl.
Records show that Sarah L. Finkl paid $3.85 million in 2007 to buy the four-bedroom mansion new from its homebuilder, just a year after she paid $600,000 for a vacant lot to the west. Finkl first listed the mansion for $7.88 million in 2012, then cut her asking price to $7.38 million later in 2012, then to $7.25 million in 2013 before taking it off the market. She relisted it in February for $4.95 million and cut her asking price to $4.75 million in June.
Features include 81/2 baths, six fireplaces, an elevator, au pair suite, large great-room, six-car garage with wash rack and master suite with steam shower, sauna, exercise room and large walk-in closet. Outside, the property includes 4,500 square feet of deck space, a resistance pool, outdoor fireplace and gazebo. The sale included the vacant lot.
Chams did not respond to a request for comment.

Marijuana license seekers in Ill. tops expectations0
Morgan said the state aims to have licenses awarded by the end of the year. Illinois' medical marijuana law was signed in July.
Neil Khot, a technology professional from Hoffman Estates said one of the most tedious tasks leading up to the application deadline was redacting the necessary information and making photocopies.
"Some people were redacting while standing in the line," said Khot, who arrived at the James R. Thompson Center downtown 20 minutes before deadline.
Khot applied for five dispensary licenses for locations in Schaumburg, Naperville, St. Charles, Bartlett and Arlington Heights. He said he worked on the applications for a year.
"The last two weeks have been crazy," Khot said. "I worked straight for three continuous days hardly sleeping, maybe an hour or so at night. … I have a good team of six to eight people supporting me too. It was not easy."
Khot said he thought the applications were appropriately thorough, though. He thinks it's fair that the state will review applications blindly at first, he said. Still, it took him two days to block out all the necessary information and photocopy his five applications, which averaged about 400 pages each.
Khot hopes the state will award licenses soon, he said.
"Business owners are paying money, and there's no income," Khot said. "My hope is this will be done in two months, maybe three at the latest. On top of it, the patients are waiting."

These Are The Hong Kong Instagram Photos China Doesn t Want Its Citizens To SeeThese Are The Hong Kong Instagram Photos China Doesn't Want Its Citizens To See
Posted:
reddit
Thousands of pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong have taken to social media to distribute photos and videos of the mass demonstrations that have taken hold of the city since Friday. The government in Beijing, however, appears to be engaged in an effort to ban those images from reaching social media users in mainland China.
Users of the popular photo sharing platform Instagram reported on Monday that the service was down in mainland China. According to the New York Times, Beijing's central propaganda department also ordered websites to delete any mention of this weekend's clashes in Hong Kong. In addition, use of “Occupy Central,” the name of one of the main organizers of the protests, was banned from popular microblogging platform Sina Weibo.
While Instagram images documenting the protests were unavailable in mainland China, the service was still accessible in Hong Kong. These are some of the images Beijing doesn't want its citizens to see:

Bollywood celeb patch-ups at award nightsCelebrity
Bollywood celeb patch-ups at award nights
Bollywood never fails to entice you with the many spats, lowdowns and full blown fights. There is always something happening in this part of the universe which garners maximum hype.
One such activity that our Bollywood stars indulge in is patching up with supposed foes. It happens pretty often, but recently, such patch ups have a favourite hot spot, Award Ceremonies. Here are ... more 
One such activity that our Bollywood stars indulge in is patching up with supposed foes. It happens pretty often, but recently, such patch ups have a favourite hot spot, Award Ceremonies. Here are some of the patch ups that were quite eyebrow raising that took place at such fests. less 
1 / 5

SBI may offer flexible hours  work place for women staffSBI may offer flexible hours, work place for women staff
K Ram Kumar/ NS Vageesh
The bank will target youngsters with digital banking drive
Mumbai, September 29:  
State Bank of India’s women employees, engaged as remote experts to interact with customers for digital banking, may get to enjoy a bit more flexibility when it comes to work place and work hours.
With the bank rolling out digital banking branches in High Streets and shopping malls, work place and work hours flexibility is within the realm of possibility, feels Chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya.
India’s largest bank is toying with this idea in the backdrop of its introduction of a two-year sabbatical leave for women employees during their entire career.
SBI’s digital banking branch allows instant account opening with a personalised debit card.
Further, the branch also offers Remote Expert facility, whereby customers can interact with the bank’s experts via high-definition video for advice on their financial needs — loans, life insurance, general insurance, demat account, securities, etc.
Battacharaya said: “As we go ahead with this kind of remote experts in digital banking, we are trying to see whether there is a way in which we can make the work place and work hours a little more flexible. But these are things that we are still working on.
“Now, if you (an employee) are having conversation with customers from a place other than the branch, the bank needs to have the right kind of recording facility and the right way of monitoring. This is not easy. So, we will see. ”
The first woman chief of SBI said her bank has opened seven digital banking branches across Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore and Kolkata in the last few months.
New brand
For its digital banking drive, SBI is creating the “sbiINTOUCH” brand.
“It is called sbiINTOUCH because it is supposed to put us in touch with the younger generation and because it is a touch experience. It is a sub-brand of SBI.
“These branches enable us to get the tech-savvy youngsters in. Youngsters are at home with technology and this sort of enables them to do a lot of things on their days out because these branches are all in High Street and shopping malls,” Bhattacharya said.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Plans to modernise Chennai  Kolkata airports stayedPlans to modernise Chennai, Kolkata airports stayed
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, September 29:  
The modernisation of Chennai and Kolkata airports will be delayed as the two airports no longer figure on the Government’s list of airports to be modernised through the public-private partnership route. At a meeting chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, sometime back, it was decided that the airports in Lucknow, Ahmedabad, Jaipur and Guwahati will be upgraded through the PPP route during 2014-15. This is a deviation from the Manmohan Singh-led UPA Government’s decision to modernise six airports: Chennai, Kolkata, Lucknow, Ahmedabad, Jaipur and Guwahati through the PPP route.
The UPA Government, which started the modernisation process in September 2013, hoped to award the contracts before the model code of conduct for the Lok Sabha polls kicked in. But the process was stalled due to differences between the Planning Commission and the Ministry of Civil Aviation on the model concession agreement for taking forward the projects.
Senior government officials, however, caution that one shouldn’t read too much into the present PM’s decision. Officials indicated that a supplementary list with more airports could be firmed up, although, no time line has been fixed yet for this list.
Explaining the decision to keep Chennai and Kolkata airports off the list, a senior official said that the Government is keen to develop airports in a holistic fashion, something believes it will be in a position to do as soon as a civil aviation policy is in place. “The need of the hour is to have an integrated multi-modal capability which will be in a position to enhance passenger conveniences and also generate greater revenue for the airports. The modernised airports should also have links with tourism spots and with national highways. This is probably the reason some of the cities which were on the list earlier are missing now,” sources said.
A draft policy is to be put up for stakeholders’ comments by mid-October and the Government is keen to incorporate suggestion that can help cut costs of operations of domestic airlines.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Sunil Narine may play CLT20 semisTweet
0
Kolkata Knight Riders have accepted the decision taken by the match officials against Sunil Narine , their premier offspinner, whose quicker ball was reported as suspect by the on-field umpires during the match against Dolphins in Hyderabad and are likely to field him in their XI for the semi-final against Hobart Hurricanes on October 2.
Narine has been put on the warning list, but is allowed to play on in the tournament. However, any subsequent offence will disqualify him from bowling in any BCCI-conducted tournament. Narine had finished with figures of 3 for 33 on the day to script a 36-run victory for Knight Riders and is the highest wicket-taker in the tournament. His consistency has been key to Knight Riders qualifying for the semi-finals with a clean slate in the group stage.
Another warning would bar Narine from bowling in any BCCI-backed tournament. ESPNcricinfo understands that on-field umpires Anil Chaudhary and Chettihody Shamshuddin specifically picked the fourth and fifth deliveries of the 15th over and the fourth ball of the penultimate over of Dolphins' innings as suspect. All were quicker deliveries.
On Monday, Narine's first over had gone for 12 runs including three fours and he was held in reserve for the later overs. Dolphins were recovering from a poor start with the middle-order pair of Khaya Zondo and Andile Phehlukwayo adding 44 runs when Narine returned. The equation read 77 runs to win from the last six overs.
Phehlukwayo, the 18-year-old left-hander from KwaZulu Natal, punished Narine for bowling short with consecutive boundaries off his second and third deliveries, including a reverse pull. Narine hit back, bowling a straighter delivery that pegged back Phehlukwayo's off stump and sent the bails flying. The delivery speed was 98 kph. Narine bowled a carrom ball next, clocked at 99 kph, and deceived new batsman Robbie Frylinck and the edge flew towards third man.
Narine was on a hat-trick after he grabbed two wickets off the last two deliveries of his third over. Then, two balls before ending his spell, Narine pitched a length delivery that missed Kyle Abbott's stumps by a few inches. That ball was measured at 100 kph.
Narine was told about the complaint after the game by match referee Andy Pycroft in the presence of the on-field umpires. It is understood that Pycroft told Narine specifically of the three deliveries being under the scanner and nothing else. Pycroft also spoke with Knight Riders coach Trevor Bayliss later. Incidentally Kumar Dharmasena, the ICC Elite Panel umpire, was the TV official for last night's match and has now been involved in official complaints for all the four bowlers reported for suspect actions so far in the tournament.
Considering the sensitive nature of the issue, officials from various teams have remained tight-lipped on the incident. But one official from a team whose bowler was reported admitted that the exercise seemed to be part of the "same thread" of enforcement by the ICC on suspect actions. He said that the clause on illegal bowling actions had been part of the IPL and CLT20 for a while, but it was only recently that "the decision that we are going to enforce the clause" was taken. "It is not that they are after us specifically," the official said.
This is the second time Narine's action has come under the scanner. In 2011, after Trinidad & Tobago won the Caribbean T20 championship, Narine was one of the nine players match officials had listed to have had a suspect action. Narine underwent rigorous tests before he announced himself to the world in the 2011 edition of the Champions League Twenty20. After Knight Riders bought him for US$ 700,000 in the IPL auction in 2012, Narine played a big hand in the franchise winning its maiden crown.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

More than 2 500 government school students to take  Swachhta Shapath  with ModiOct 01, 2014 at 10:47pm IST
More than 2,500 government school students to take 'Swachhta Shapath' with Modi
18
0
New Delhi: More than 2,500 students from close to 50 government schools in Delhi will take the 'Swachhta Shapath' tomorrow along with Prime Minister Narendra Modi as he inaugurates his ambitious 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan' here.
Around 2,700 students from 44 government schools will read from the 'pledge paper' along with the Prime Minister at India Gate and also take part in a 3-km long 'walkathon' which would be held as part of the launch of the cleanliness mission.
Chief of the Directorate of Education (DOE), Padmini Singla, said that both private and aided schools, apart from government schools would be taking part in the campaign. Medical superintendents and doctors at all the government hospitals in the city will also take a pledge to contribute towards the sanitation drive.
Around 2,700 students from 44 government schools will read from the 'pledge paper' along with the Prime Minister at India Gate.
#clean india #swachh bharat #narendra modi #clean up india
Hospital premises would be cleaned up and the patients and their family members would be sensitised about the need for cleanliness and hygiene.
"Pamphlets will be handed out to patients and their relatives. Hospital authorities have also been instructed to undertake removal of garbage and ensure repairs of taps and pipes in toilets," said a health department official.
Faculty, staff and students at polytechnics, too, will be pitching in to the drive, said an official in the Department of Training and Technical Education.
319

OPPO N1 Mini: The camera on a hingeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

US-based Alcor may set up copter plant in Odisha for Rs 15 000 croreE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Wipro slowly laying foundation in infra management spaceE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Only 2 Indian institutes make it to top 300 in Times rankingOnly 2 Indian institutes make it to top 300 in Times ranking
Kalpana Pathak | Mumbai Oct 02, 2014 01:31 AM IST
The Indian Institute of Science (IISc) has made its debut in Times Higher Education's ranking of the world's best universities, taking India's representation in top 300 to two. IISc shares its number-one position among Indian institutions with Panjab University, which first appeared on the list last year.
The bad news, however, is that no Indian institution figures among top 200 globally. And, IISc's position, along with Panjab University's, is between 276th and 300th. This also means the latter's ranking has slipped from last year, when it was between 226th and 250th.
The total number of institutions ranked worldwide is 400. The Times Higher Education World University Rankings uses 13 separate performance indicators to examine a university's strengths against its core missions: Teaching, research, knowledge transfer and international outlook. The top-200 list now features 28 countries, compared with 26 last year - Italy and Russia joined this year. Participation in the rankings is voluntary and free of charge.
There are 11 countries with one representative each in the top 200. There is an equal number keeping India company with no presence in top 200 - Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Czech Republic, Greece, Iceland, Iran, Macau, Poland, Portugal and Thailand.
Last year, four Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) - Delhi, Kharagpur, Kanpur and Roorkee - figured in the 351-400 ranking band. IIT Bombay has joined the list in this band this year (it wasn't ranked last year). IIT Roorkee has retained its place this year, too. Till the time of going to press, it was not known whether the other three IITs had made it to the rankings or some other Indian institutes had joined the list for top 400.
Many leading Asian institutions, meanwhile, continue to go up the order. The number of Asian universities in top 200 has risen to 24 (from last year's 20). Of these, six are among top 50 and two among top 25.
Last year, with two of its universities in top 200 and six in the 201-400 band, China scored better than India. Also, Taiwan had one university in top 200 and seven in the 251-400 band.
"It is good news that India now has two universities in top 300, against only one last year. This is thanks to the participation of IISc, which can now be included in the analysis after starting to admit undergraduate students," says Phil Baty, editor, Times Higher Education World University Rankings.
Baty, however, says it should be a cause for serious concern that a country of India's size, which is growing in economic strength and has a great intellectual history, still does not have a top-200 entrant. "It does not seem to be making enough progress up the rankings. The world rankings are extremely competitive, as many countries put serious resources into improving the global profile and performance of universities, as part of their economic growth plans; India needs to ensure it does not fall far behind."
Commenting on this year's rankings, a director at one of the IITs said India would soon have its own ranking for universities in the country. "The ranking parameters used by global agencies often go against Indian universities. This is one of the prime reasons why our higher educational institutions are not able to get higher rankings in these surveys."
Japan's University of Tokyo retains its position as Asia's number one and 23rd globally. But of Japan's five universities in top 200, four have lost ground against other Asian nations like China, Hong Kong and South Korea.
The National University of Singapore, though, closed in on Tokyo this year, moving up one notch to 25th. Another Singapore university in top 200, Nanyang Technological University, rose from 76th to 61st.
The University of Hong Kong maintained its position at 43rd in the world, while the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology moved up from 57th to 51st. Another of the country's institutions, City University Hong Kong, regained its position in the list, at 192nd place.
Overall, California Institute of Technology holds on to its number-one spot globally for a fourth straight year, ahead of Harvard University (second) and University of Oxford (third).
London has the greatest concentration of first-class universities, with four in the top 40 - more than any other city in the world. The number of the city's institutions figuring among top 200 is seven, the same as the whole of France and more than China, Japan, Sweden and Korea.
Among countries, the US continues to dominate the rankings, with seven of its universities among top 10, and 15 among top 20. However, in a larger frame, it has lost significant ground this year: The number of its universities in top 200 has slipped to 74 from 77 last year.
In another set of rankings, published last month by QS World University, too, India had not figured in top 200. However, IIT Bombay, had for the first time emerged as India's leading university.
IIT-B overtook its Delhi counterpart to stand 222nd, while IIT Delhi slipped one notch to 235th. In QS rankings' 10 editions so far, IIT Delhi had been leading the pack. While University of Calcutta jumped 50 ranks to be placed 650th, University of Delhi jumped 20 ranks to 430th.
The number of Indian institutions in the ranking grew from 11 to 12. IIT Kanpur, which ranked 300th globally, was followed by IIT Madras (321), IIT Kharagpur (324), IIT Roorkie (461) and IIT Guwahati (551). Banaras Hindu University joined the group below the 700th place.

Delhi HC notice to Chautala  CBI on plea for his immediatesurrenderPrint
Written by Aneesha Mathur | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 3:08 am
The Delhi High Court on Wednesday issued notice to the CBI and INLD chief Om Prakash Chautala on a petition seeking directions to the politician to immediately surrender, alleging that he was “misusing” the grace period granted to him by taking part in election rallies in Haryana.
“O P Chautala despite giving an undertaking to the hon’ble High court to surrender by 17.10.2014 is using the intervening period to campaign extensively,” said the plea filed by lawyer Hemant Sharma. The petition also alleged that though Chautala was granted relief on medical grounds, he was violating bail terms by participating in public rallies.
“Why didn’t the CBI take up this issue?” asked Justice Siddharth Mridul, adding that the bail granted to the former Haryana Chief Minister had “already been cancelled”.
CBI counsel Monica Gupta informed the court that the agency was “not in any position to verify” the allegations. Senior advocate Vivek Tankha, appearing for the petitioner, however, said that the schedule of public meetings and rallies to be attended by Chautala between October 2 and October 7 was being published “everywhere”. The plea sought direction to the Haryana leader to immediately return to jail.
Issuing notice to the CBI and Chautala, the Court sought their replies by October 10.
Chautala, who has been convicted and sentenced to a 10-year jail term in a teachers recruitment scam case, was on September 26 asked to surrender by October 17 by the Delhi High Court. He had volunteered to surrender as the court was about to order constitution of a medical board of doctors from All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) to opine on the necessity of keeping Chautala hospitalised, as he had addressed a rally at Jind in Haryana on September 25.
Citing the October 26 order, the petition alleged that Chautala was “taking the court on a jolly ride” by using the time granted to him to campaign for the forthcoming Haryana elections. With the courts closed till October 9, it remains to be seen whether the plea would have any effect on the INLD’s campaign in Haryana.

A toilet for every Maharashtrian is a promise by everypartyPrint
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: October 2, 2014 3:05 am | Updated: October 2, 2014 8:44 am
Toilets, which are so central to the Centre’s “Clean India” drive, have also taken centre stage in the Maharashtra elections. Every party has mentioned them in its manifesto, possibly prompted by the prime minister’s Independence Day speech.
Toilets are a pressing need in much of Maharashtra, with 47 per cent of its households having none. Among government schools, 2,447 run without a separate toilet for girls; in rural areas, this is the reason cited most often for dropouts by girls. And the Mumbai-Pune Express Highway offers travellers few toilets along its 93-km run.
“The expressway was built over a decade ago but no thought has been given to toilet facilities along the way,” Raj Thackeray said while releasing the MNS vision document. “Only two places along the highway have toilet facilities, and these are hotels.”
Raj’s vision document promises to address the lack of toilets in railway stations of Mumbai and its suburbs. Half a million people take local trains every day to travel 60 to 100 km both ways. The document stresses a greater role for the state government in management of local railway services.
“Toilets are a necessity long neglected in government schemes,” agreed state BJP president Devendra Fadnavis. “Prime Minister Narendra Modi has laid out a detailed plan for toilet construction in rural and urban areas. We have incorporated plans for separate toilets for girls in both urban and rural Maharashtra. We cannot have girls dropping out because of lack of toilets or because boys and girls have to use a common toilet.”
In the NCP, Supriya Sule has been the most vocal about the need for toilets, particularly at railways stations in Mumbai and the suburbs. Among former rural development minister Jayant Patil’s initiatives, one was a toilet in every village household. That is now part of the NCP manifesto, which promises a separate budget for toilets.
The Congress too promises a toilet to every rural home, besides facilities on platforms and separate toilets for girls in school. “I admit toilets have come on centre stage because of the PM’s announcement from Red Fort,” said former MP Sanjay Nirupam. “But as an MP, I built 2,000 toilet blocks and have always urged the government to ensure the cost of a toilet block does not exceed Rs 2 lakh as it is a very important issue and a basic requirement… The Congress-NCP’s Sant Gadge Baba Gramin Swachha Abhiyan and the UPA’s Nirmal Gram Swachha Abhiyan stressed household toilets… A lot more needs to be done. And we are committed to carrying it forward.”
The Shiv Sena promises toilets at all public places such as railway platforms, theatres and gardens. Senior leaders recall how Bal Thackeray had urged the Sena-BJP government to set aside a budget for public toilets, leading to a Rs-70-crore allocation.

Cong  BJP  Sena team up against NCPs JayantPatilPrint
Written by Manoj Dattatrye More | Sangli | Posted: October 2, 2014 3:02 am
An unusual alliance has emerged in Islampur constituency of western Maharashtra with the Congress having joined hands with the Shiv Sena, the BJP and Raju Shetti’s Swabhimani Paksha in a combined effort to topple NCP heavyweight Jayant Patil.
Vaibhav Pawar of the Congress and Bhimrao Mane of the Shiv Sena withdrew their nominations Wednesday, the last day for doing so. Abhijeet Patil, who belongs to Shetti’s party, remained in the fray but Shetti said he will now contest as an independent rather than on the party symbol.
“Since we have joined hands with the Shiv Sena and the Congress, the leadership of those parties might object to backing a candidate on the party symbol. Local leaders of all parties have decided to back an independent candidate,” said Shetti.
Even as an independent, Abhijeet Patil has divided the local Congress. Vaibhav Pawar, who has withdrawn, was actually the Congress’s backup for Jitendra Patil, the frontline candidate. Jitendra has refused to pull out for Abhijeet. “I had taken the initiative for bringing all these parties together, but they are supporting Abhijeet Patil who is not from our constituency,” Jitendra said. “They should have asked him to step down.”
What Jitendra agreed on was that Jayant Patil is the “common enemy”. “He has troubled us all,” he said. And Shetti said, “I have no problem joining hands with the Congress when it is against Jayant Patil.”
Congress leader Pratik Patil, grandson of former chief minister Vasantdada Patil, said Jayant Patil has “harassed” leaders of each party. “We have all suffered… Jayant Patil has filed cases against us. He teamed up with the BJP once to capture power in the Sangli civic body. We have decided to puncture his ego,” he said. Pratik said he had conveyed the alliance plan to Prithviraj Chavan and claimed the former chief minister has agreed. About Jitendra Patil, Pratik said, “We asked him to withdraw, but he did not. He might back down later.”
Jayant Patil served as finance and rural development minister in the Congress-NCP government. Islampur is part of the Hatkanangle parliamentary seat, held by Shetti.
“Let them join hands against me,” Jayant said. “I am ready to battle their collective strength. My connect with the voters is deep — I have won the constituency six consecutive times.” Patil won the last election by 54,000 votes.
Denying the allegations about having harassed his opponents, he said the charges were made “to belittle me in the eyes of voters. These parties are afraid of my invincibility”.
The new allies will campaign separately, on different days.

Oil prices rebound on US dataOil prices rebound on US data
BJPs  baba-log  to lend a hand to propagate Swachh Bharat messageGovernment reaches out to religious organisations to propagate Swachh Bharat message
Vasudha Venugopal, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 06.38AM IST
Tags:
BJP
(As the project advances,…)
NEW DELHI: While Prime Minister Narendra Modi launches his ambitious Swachh Bharat project in New Delhi on Thursday, saffronclad 'volunteers' across ashrams, temples and akhadas will pool in manpower to take the message of public hygiene to the masses, from Varanasi to Kanchi. The BJP-led government has reached out to several Hindu religious and spiritual organisations seeking their support for the project, and according to officials, among those that have already been contacted are the Ramakrishna Mission, Patanjali Yogpeeth of Baba Ramdev, Sri Sri Ravi Shankar of the Art of Living, Gayatri Pariwar, Kanchi Kamakoti Peeth and Siddha Ganga Math.
As the project advances, more organisations will be roped in to "spread the message of cleanliness and hygiene" among people, they said. Urban development ministry officials said they are also in talks with Muslim and Christian organisations to take the movement forward, but no organisation has been approached formally so far.
"We had received communication from Union minister Venkaiah Naidu and we have assured him full support in this campaign," said Rajdeep Arya, spokesperson for Patanjali Yogpeeth. He said Ramdev was on a trip to Europe and will himself be part of the campaign from October 12.
"Tomorrow we are starting an intensive cleaning of 80 ghats of Ganga from Shankaracharya chowk in Haridwar," he said. The yogpeeth has selected 600 districts to promote the campaign. Clusters will be selected and developed into "model villages", he said. At the ghats, they will be planting saplings of tulsi, ashwagandha and arjun to keep them clean and green.
"We are asking our devotees, who can afford, to adopt villages and make them clean," Arya said.Ramdev will also organise a conclave of saints and sadhus to request all akhadas to join the movement, Arya said. "Our 30,000 workers have been asked to participate in the campaign with full vigour. Except for places in South India and Northeast, we have presence everywhere," he added.
Kanchi Kamakoti Peeth led by Jayendra Saraswati in Tamil Nadu has also been roped in for the campaign. "We are focusing on cleaning 200 towns and villages that have temples and ponds. We have identified 55 villages along Thiruvallur and Kancheepuram wherein the temples are very dirty, we will start with them," said N Sundaresan of the peeth.
Volunteers in these organisations feel reverence for nature is an integral part of Hinduism and that is what people need to understand to make the country clean. Kedar Prasad Dubey, spokesperson for Gayatri Pariwar, said from this week, it has made two hours of weekly cleaning — 'swachhta shram' — compulsory in all 5,000 institutions run by the organisation.
"Our focus initially is on cities such as Puri, Rameshwaram, Pushkar, Ayodhya and Amravati to make them clean." All the organisations have planned programmes on Thursday to coincide with the inauguration of the campaign by Prime Minister Modi. Most of them had wholeheartedly supported Modi in his election campaign.
This is not the first time sadhus and sants have been involved in cleanliness campaigns, said Rama Rauta, founder and convener, Save Ganga Movement, adding that they had been roped in several times to clean rivers too. "It is important to involve everyone in the project, but rivers, ghats and places alongside them are mainly dirty because of religious activities. Unless sadhus adopt a scientific approach and employ the neighbourhood community in activities, their efforts are shortlived," he said.
 
The Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan aims not just at making India clean but also eliminating open defecation and manual scavenging while also providing financial assistance to over 1 crore individual households to build toilets and the construction of nearly 2.5 lakh public toilets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Is this why Microsoft named it Windows 10Is this why Microsoft named it Windows 10
RBI in no hurry to raise foreign portfolio limit in government debt: RajanRBI in no hurry to raise foreign portfolio limit in government debt: Rajan
U.S. Ebola patient flew on United Airlines to DallasU.S. Ebola patient flew on United Airlines to Dallas
Kurds Claim Key Border Border Crossing After Fierce Battles With ISISKurds Defeat ISIS Forces Holding Key Iraq Border Border Crossing
 | By                                                                VIVIAN SALAMA and RYAN LUCAS
Posted:
Updated:
09/30/2014  9:59 pm EDT
ALLEPPO, SYRIA - SEPTEMBER 30:  A member of Kurdish armed group takes a position on the roof of a house during the clashes with Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant  around Ayn Al Arab city of Aleppo in northern Syria on September 30, 2014. (Photo by Emin Menguarslan/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images) | Anadolu Agency via Getty Images
reddit
SALHIYAH, Iraq (AP) — Kurdish fighters in northern Iraq captured a border crossing with Syria on Tuesday, expelling Islamic State militants in heavy fighting that ground down to vicious house-to-house combat and close quarters sniping.
In neighboring Syria, Kurdish militiamen were on the defensive as the extremists pressed ahead with a relentless assault on a town near the Turkish border. The attack on Kobani, also known as Ayn Arab, has driven more than 160,000 people across the frontier in the past few days.
Iraqi Kurdish fighters, known as peshmerga, were doing the bulk of the fighting on the ground as a U.S.-led coalition carried out an aerial assault against the Islamic State group in both Iraq and Syria. Britain joined the air campaign Tuesday, carrying out its first strikes against the extremists in Iraq — though it does not plan to expand into Syria.
The goal of the campaign is to push back the militant group that has declared a self-styled caliphate, or Islamic state, ruled by its brutal interpretation of Islam in territory it has seized across much of Iraq and Syria.
On Tuesday, Kurdish fighters in Iraq said they saw some of the heaviest fighting yet. Peshmerga spokesman Halgurd Hekmat told The Associated Press the Kurds seized the border crossing of Rabia, which the extremists captured in their blitz across Iraq over the summer.
Rami Abdurrahman, the director of the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, also said the Kurds had retaken the border post. He said Syrian Kurdish militiamen, who control the Syrian side of the frontier, had helped in the fight.
Kurds wounded in the fighting were brought to a makeshift clinic in the town of Salhiyah, where dusty and exhausted, they described savage battles, with militants sniping at them from inside homes and from the windows of a hospital in Rabia.
"They're such good fighters," said one soldier, resting outside the clinic on a rock surrounded by blood-soaked bandages. He refused to be identified because he was not a senior officer. "They're fighting with weapons the Iraqi military abandoned — so, American weapons really."
Fighters at the clinic described how the peshmerga first took the town of Mahmoudiya near the Syrian border on Monday, then moved down the highway to assault Rabia. The two sides had intense clashes overnight, with Islamic State group snipers shooting from inside houses and setting off roadside bombs.
Peshmerga fighters advanced on a five-story hospital in the city, only to be ambushed by some two dozen militants inside, the fighters said.
Hekmat said the Kurdish fighters intended to push further south toward the town of Sinjar, which the extremists took last month, prompting the flight of members of the small Yazidi religious sect.
In Britain's first airstrikes of the campaign, two Tornado jets hit a heavy weapons post and an armored vehicle being used by the militants to attack Kurdish forces in northwest Iraq, British Defense Secretary Michael Fallon said in London.
In Washington, Pentagon spokesman Navy Rear Adm. John Kirby said the U.S. and its coalition partners conducted 20 strikes in Iraq and Syria against fixed and mobile targets. So far, about 306 air attacks have been conducted — more than 230 in Iraq and the rest in Syria, he said.
He said the strikes were having an effect because the extremists have changed their tactics — blending in more with the local population, dispersing and refraining from communicating as openly as they once did.
But, he said, that "doesn't mean they aren't still trying, and in some cases succeeding, at taking and holding ground."
"No one should be lulled into a false sense of security by accurate airstrikes," he said. "We will not, we cannot bomb them into obscurity."
In northern Syria, Islamic State group fighters have pushed ahead with an assault for days trying to take the beleaguered Kurdish town of Kobani near the Syrian-Turkish border — despite U.S. airstrikes on their positions.
The fighting has created one of the single largest exoduses in Syria's civil war, now in its fourth year: More than 160,000 people have fled into Turkey over the past few days, the U.N. humanitarian chief Valerie Amos said.
"Their fear is so great that many people crossed heavily mined fields to seek refuge," she told the U.N. Security Council.
Kurds and militants battled Tuesday on Kobani's eastern edge, said Ahmad Sheikho, an activist operating along the Syria-Turkey border. He said that members of the Syrian Kurdish militia, known as the YPG, destroyed two tanks belonging to the Islamic State group. Militants have been hitting the town with mortars and artillery shells.
A day earlier, fighting around Kobani killed 57 fighters, both Kurds and militants, the Observatory said.
The situation in Kobani is "very difficult," said Nawaf Khalil, a spokesman for Syria's leading Kurdish Democratic Union Party.
Just outside Kobani, Islamic State militants captured the deserted Kurdish village of Siftek on Tuesday and appeared to be using it as a headquarters from which to launch attacks on Kobani itself.
The fighting could be seen from a hilltop on the Turkish side of the border, in the Karacabey area, where spectators — mostly Turkish Kurds — watched the fighting, peering through binoculars and cheering on their Syrian Kurdish brethren.
"Long live YPG! Long live Apo!" shouted one woman, referring to Kurdish rebel leader Abdullah Ocalan, whose YPG group has been fighting Turkey for Kurdish autonomy, by the Kurdish nickname for Abdullah.
____
Lucas reported from Beirut. Associated Press writers Jill Lawless in London, Edith M. Lederer at the United Nations, Burhan Ozbilici in Suruc, Turkey, and Bassem Mroue in Beirut contributed to this report.
More:

Royal Enfield Posts 65% Rise in September SalesYou are here: Home Industries
Royal Enfield Posts 65 per cent Rise in September Sales
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 01, 2014 16:30 (IST)
New Delhi: Royal Enfield on Wednesday reported a 65 per cent increase in total sales in September at 28,020 units.
The two-wheeler maker had sold 17,005 units in September 2013.
Domestic sales increased 66 per cent to 27,540 units last month as against 16,542 units in September 2013, the company said in a statement.
Exports during the month stood at 480 units as against 463 units last year - an increase of 4 per cent.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 16:08 (IST)

Gold Imports May Rise to 75 Tonnes a Month: Industry BodyFDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
Mumbai: Gold import by India is likely to rise to about 70-75 tonnes per month against the average of 50-60 tonnes at present, a senior industry official said here.
"The gold and jewellery trade in the country is now brimming with confidence that gold imports into the country would rise to about 70 to 75 tonnes per month against the present average of 50 to 60 tonnes," India Bullion and Jewellery Association (IBJA) spokesperson Harmesh Arora said in a statement.
Gold imports by India, the world's second largest user of the previous metal, jumped substantially in recent months after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) allowed more banks and traders to buy bullion overseas, widening the nation's trade deficit to an 11-month high.
The optimism stems from the fact that the trend over the past five years has been encouraging, with total demand averaging 800 tonnes per year, and this year will not be an exception, Mr Arora said.
Short-term fluctuations are considered common in this sector, which are determined by the prevailing economic scenario and customer sentiments. Now that festive season is round the corner and with a stable government at the Centre, the next couple of years are predicted to be strong, he added.
IBJA is hosting the India International Bullion Summit 2014 on October 4 and 5 in Mumbai. The event will be attended by experts from India and other countries who will be deliberating on relevant topics such as FDI investment in bullion and jewellery industry, and changes needed in gold policy, among others.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 20:29 (IST)

Goldman chat room a message to Wall StGoldman chatroom a message to Wall St
By Tracy Alloway and Camilla Hall in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4adcdb56-4986-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

NCP tries to hurt Chavan chances  ends up suffering split inranksWritten by Sandeep A Ashar , Ajay Khape | Satara | Posted: October 2, 2014 3:13 am
In a bid to make the poll battle tougher for former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, former Congress ally, the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), Wednesday withdrew its official candidate from the election fray in the Karad South Assembly seat. Instead, it decided to support Congress rebel and Independent candidate Vilaskaka Undalkar, calling him more “capable” to take on Chavan.
However, in the process, the party suffered a split in its ranks, as the candidate it withdrew, Rajendra Yadav, walked over to the Chavan camp.
The NCP was dealt another blow when Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghtana’s (SSS) Punjabrao Patil also withdrew his nomination from the seat, a move that bolsters Chavan’s prospects.
Yadav told The Indian Express that he received a call from Satara NCP leader and former minister Shashikant Shinde on Tuesday evening, asking him to withdraw his nomination.
Chavan had attacked the NCP leadership, accusing it of entering into a hidden pact with the BJP, at a rally the same day.
After the 15-year-old alliance ended in a bitter divorce last week, leaders from both parties have been publicly targeting the other side.
Senior NCP leaders from the district held a meeting at the Satara district headquarters Wednesday afternoon, where the decision to withdraw the party’s candidate and instead extend support to Undalkar was finalised.
Pre-empting this, Yadav is learnt to have had a secret meeting with Chavan on Tuesday itself. Later, Yadav held a meeting with his supporters and declared that he would offer his “unconditional” support to Chavan. “If they wanted to withdraw my candidature, why did they declare my name in the first place. This is not a deal-making process,” Yadav said. “The NCP was trying to make me a victim of politics.”
Four corporators backing Yadav also joined the Chavan camp. Bolstered by the development, the former CM campaigned in Undalkar’s native village of Undale.
Shinde said that the party had directed Yadav to withdraw from the contest as they wanted a strong candidate to take on Chavan. “Undalkar is a seven-time MLA from Karad and resigned from the Congress to contest as an Independent. He was the most capable person to take on Chavan on his home turf,” said Shinde.
The other prominent candidates pitted against Chavan are BJP’s Atul Bhosale and Shiv Sena’s Ajinkya Patil.
Indicating that it plans to upset Congress heavyweights in western Maharashtra, the NCP also withdrew its candidate from Kolhapur (South), from where Chavan’s confidant and former MoS Satej Patil is seeking re-election.
However, the NCP got a taste of its own medicine when the Shiv Sena declared its backing to Independent candidate Abhijeet Patil in Sangli’s Islampur to make the election path difficult for senior NCP leader Jayant Patil. Even the BJP and the SSS have extended support to Abhijeet.

Advani ploughs lonely furrow  laudsModiPrint
Written by Hiral Devrajbhai Dave | Ahmedabad | Posted: October 2, 2014 3:11 am
Former deputy prime minister and BJP MP from Gandhinagar L K Advani praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi at a karyakarta sammelan, Wednesday, the first in his constituency after the last Lok Sabha elections, but warned that the party should not forget its founders and the RSS.
Advani got a lukewarm response as neither the state party chief Ranchchoddas Faldu, nor Chief Minister Anandi Patel was present. The audience, too, was thin.
He remembered the contribution of RSS founding members like Nanaji Deshmukh and Syama Prasad Mookherjee and said, “When Modi was asked to lead the party as head of the government, he left his mark on the country and world. We are proud of him… But we should not forget how this happened.”
“Atal Bihari Vajpayee was the best PM. While a few now remember the sacrifice of founding members, I got noticed as I happened to become the Home Minister once,” Advani added.
The karyakarta sammelan near Sola area on Hebatpur road in Ahmedabad was his second event on his two-day visit beginning Wednesday.
He earlier inaugurated a garden near Chandkheda built from his local area development fund.
Advani was among the three senior-most leaders dropped from the BJP’s highest decision-making body, Parliamentary Board, in  August.
Advani, along with Murli Manohar Joshi and Atal Bihari Vajpayee, were “elevated’’ to the newly formed Margdarshak Mandal.
The only senior leaders present at the venue were Surendra Patel and spokesman I K Jadeja.
Of the seven MLAs falling under the Gandhinagar LS seat, the only MLA present at the sammelan was Rakesh Shah who represents
Ellisbridge assembly constituency.
Chief Minister Patel was in Porbandar on account of the Swachchhata Abhiyan, while Naranpura MLA and BJP national chief Amit Shah was away campaigning in poll-bound states.
All leaders hailed Advani for his immense contribution in party-building, but their speeches were focussed on PM and Advani’s protege Narendra Modi.
“For October 2, Narendra bhai has given the beautiful programme of cleanliness. Let’s participate and take message of Narendra bhai forward,” said senior leader Kaushik Patel, who also hailed Modi for giving a Congress-free India.

Japans bullet train celebrates 50 yearsOctober 1, 2014 4:34 pm
Japan’s bullet train celebrates its 50th birthday
By Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8ed0f124-4960-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lights dim for Japans pachinko parloursLights dim for Japan’s pachinko parlours
By Jonathan Soble in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9269a142-bf0d-11e3-8683-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ferguson shooting grand jury under investigation for misconductBy Kimberly Kindy October 1 Follow @kimberlykindy
The St. Louis County prosecutor’s office is investigating an accusation of misconduct on the grand jury that is hearing the case against the Ferguson police officer who shot and killed 18-year-old Michael Brown .
Ed Magee, the spokesman for county prosecutor Robert McCulloch, said they received the information from a “Twitter user” Wednesday morning.
“We are looking into the matter,” he said.
An account of possible jury misconduct surfaced Wednesday morning on Twitter, when several users sent messages about one juror who may have discussed evidence in the case with a friend.
In one of those messages, a person tweeted that they are friends with a member of the jury who doesn’t believe there is enough evidence to warrant an arrest of the officer, Darren Wilson.
The same person who tweeted about being friends with a member of the jury has also tweeted messages of support for Wilson.
Magee confirmed that information on the Twitter user and feed came from an activist, Shaun King.
Within seconds of posting this, her friends told her to delete it and she did. It was screenshotted first. pic.twitter.com/b6kTf9p40h
— Shaun King (@ShaunKing) October 1, 2014
The jury has been weighing evidence on the case since Aug. 20 , within days of the Aug. 9 shooting. McCulloch told The Washington Post last week that both the FBI and county police’s investigations into the shooting are “pretty much done.” He also said that jurors should be done hearing all the evidence by later this month, but they could meet through mid-November .
Grand jury proceedings are confidential and if there has been a breach, the prosecutor’s office may have to start over with a newly empaneled group.
Meanwhile, Ferguson is grappling with continuing protests amid the wait over whether Wilson will face charges.
The attorney for Brown’s family, Ben Crump, said the potential breach must be fully investigated.
“If this allegation is true and there is a member of the grand jury who is discussing the case with a Darren Wilson supporters the appropriate thing for the prosecutor to do is impanel a new grand jury,” Crump said in an interview Wednesday night. “If this person is discussing the case outside of the grand jury it is wholly inappropriate. It’s an issue of fairness for Michael Brown’s family.”
Reached on Wednesday evening, King told The Post that the potential link was further evidence that the current legal proceedings may be flawed.
“At a time where so many people in Ferguson already don’t believe that Prosecutor Bob McCulloch will take this case seriously, this potential leak is a disaster,” King said. “If it’s found to be true and the Grand Jury has to be dismantled, McCulloch should be taken off of the case immediately and replaced with a special prosecutor.”
Wesley Lowery contributed to this report.
The parents of Michael Brown, the black teenager fatally shot by a police officer in Ferguson, Mo., visited Washington to ask the federal government to take over the criminal investigation of his death. (Casey Capachi/The Washington Post)
Kimberly Kindy is a government accountability reporter at The Washington Post.

Obama  Modi meet reflects depth of strong Indo-US ties: WHObama  Modi meet reflects depth of strong Indo-US ties: WH
LIVE: PM Narendra Modi launches his pet project Swachha Bharat AbhiyaantodayModi kicked off a nationwide challenge by cleaning a portion of a road or locality and then “tagging” some prominent persons to do the same — much like the ice bucket challenge.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 7:59 am | Updated: October 2, 2014 10:54 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday  launched his pet project and the biggest ever cleanliness drive the Swachha Bharat Abhiyaan from Rajpath, New Delhi. About 31 lakh central government employees working across the country will take a pledge of cleanliness in various public functions on Thursday as part of the Narendra Modi administration’s ‘Clean India’ campaign.
Here are the highlights from the event:
# PM Modi leads walkathon for Clean India.
# PM Modi concludes his speech.
# Actor Aamir Khan goes on stage along with Narendra Modi.
 
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) October 2, 2014
# PM Modi ends his speech. # It’s sad that still more than 60 per cent people defecate in the open. It pains me to see mothers and daughters doing the same. At least we can do this much to give them respect: Modi # Don’t trust my government, but trust Mahatma Gandhi’s devotion and dedication to cleanliness and Swachh Bharat: Modi # I have invited the team of ‘Tarak Mehta ka Ulta Chasma’, Salman Khan, Sachin Tendulkar among a few to create awareness: Modi
I have invited @BeingSalmanKhan , team of Tarak Mehta Ka Oolta Chashma: PM @narendramodi — PMO India (@PMOIndia) October 2, 2014
# Invite people to clean up along with you and upload videos of it on social media: Modi
I have invited Mridula Sinha ji, I have invited Sachin Tendulkar, @yogrishiramdev , @ShashiTharoor , Kamal Haasan, @priyankachopra : PM — PMO India (@PMOIndia) October 2, 2014
# This work is the responsibility of the people of India. It is not the work of ministers or NGOs alone, but of the common man: Modi
We reached Mars. No PM or Minister went. It was the people who did it, our scientists who did it. So can’t we create (a Clean India): PM — PMO India (@PMOIndia) October 2, 2014
# Mahatma Gandhi did not go into every nook and corner of India to clean up. But he wanted to create awareness about it: Modi
# If you see garbage around you, take a photo, upload it and then clean it. Then take a video of the cleaning process and upload it on soical media: Modi
# If Indians can reach Mars with a minimum amount of expenditure, can Indians not pledge to uphold cleanliness: Modi
# It’s a very difficult task, but we have time till 2019 when we celebrate Mahatma Gandhi’s birthday: Modi
# Cleaning India is not the sole responsibility of the sweepers, is it continued…

Indian markets closed Oct 2-6Indian markets closed Oct 2-6
RCom to reduce debt by Rs.15 000 cr.Updated: October 1, 2014 00:04 IST
RCom to reduce debt by Rs.15,000 cr.
Lalatendu Mishra
The Hindu Anil Ambani, Chairman, Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group, with his wife Tina Ambani and son Jai Anmol Ambani at the group's AGM in Mumbai on Tuesday. Photo: Paul Noronha
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
The company would require Rs.1,000-1,500 crore capital expenditure for sustainable maintenance as major investments have already been made, said Mr. Ambani.
Having received setbacks in gas-based and imported coal-based proposed power plants due to factors beyond its control, Reliance Power has decided to invest Rs.50,000 crore in domestic coal-based thermal, hydro and solar plants in its second phase of growth, company Chairman Anil Ambani said.
Answering shareholders’ questions at the company’s annual general meeting (AGM) here on Tuesday, Mr. Ambani said: “This financial year will mark the end of the completion of our first phase of growth. Our next phase of growth has already been planned. Over the next five financial years, the company contemplates to invest over Rs.50,000 crore on development of new projects, primarily the 4,000 MW Tilaiya UMPP and 40 million tonnes per annum of coal mine with an investment of Rs.40,000 crore and 700 MW Tato hydro project involving Rs.10,000-crore investment and solar projects.”
RCom to reduce debt
Mr. Ambani, who addressed back-to-back AGMs of four Reliance Group companies, said Reliance Communications would bring down its debt below Rs.20,000 crore in the next 24 months from Rs.35,500 crore.
“Non-core businesses like real estate and DTH will be monetised. We are looking at various options to monetise these two assets. One option is demerger of land banks from the company and a separate listing,” Mr. Ambani said.
He said the company would require Rs.1,000-1,500 crore capital expenditure for sustainable maintenance as major investments have already been made.
Reliance Capital
Mr. Ambani told Reliance Capital shareholders that the company would launch more India-focussed funds abroad to attract international capital into the fixed income and equities markets in India.
“We intend to lay greater emphasis on our health insurance business. We intend to grow the health business into a separate company and we want to significantly grow our housing finance business,” Mr. Ambani said adding that the company was awaiting final guidelines from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to evaluate its options in differentiated banking segments.
Reliance Infrastructure
Addressing Reliance Infrastructure shareholders, Mr. Ambani said that the company would triple its cement production capacity to 15 million tonnes per annum in the next three years. “We foresee huge growth in cement consumption at the back of cement concrete roads and renewed impetus to infrastructure investment. Reliance Group will participate in Smart City development projects, which will have power, telecom, EPC and roads as their constituents,” Mr. Ambani added.

Tarun Gogoi refutes charges of hatching a  conspiracyThe Assam CM refuted the charges that he has hatched a 'conspiracy' to disallow HM Rajnath Singh from visiting the flood-affected areas of Goalpara district. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Guwahati | Posted: October 1, 2014 5:13 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 5:26 pm
Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi has strongly refuted claims by Union Sports Minister Sarbananda Sonowal and BJP MP Bijoya Chakraborty that the state government has hatched a ‘conspiracy’ to disallow Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh from visiting the flood-affected areas of Goalpara district on Wednesday.
“There is no iota of truth that the state government has not accorded permission to the Union Home Minister to visit the flood-hit areas of Goalpara district,” Gogoi said in a statement.
The union home ministry has chalked out the itinerary of Rajnath Singh and Assam government has nothing to do with it.
“The statements made by them are false, baseless and politically motivated, aimed at misleading the people of the state,” he asserted.
Singh reached here in the morning and is scheduled to  return on Wednesday after visiting Goalpara.

Arunachal Pradesh: Tribal woman raped  murdered in TawangPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 1, 2014 7:14 pm
A tribal woman was allegedly raped and then brutally murdered by at least two persons at a labour camp of the Border Roads Organisation (BRO) near Tawang in Arunacal Pradesh. The police still looking for the culprits.
While the incident took place on September 27, police have apprehended one person on suspicion and recorded his statement. A look-out notice has been issued for the two main culprits who are suspected to be from Assam.
Reports said the victim, a married tribal woman, who was a resident of Jang village, about 30 kms south-east of Tawang, was engaged as a casual labourer under the BRO on the Jang-Ramasapper road. The culprits, after having raped her, allegedly strangled her to death. While a case of unnatural death has been registered, the detailed post-mortem report was still awaited.
It was only on August 29 that a similar incident of rape and murder of a 35-year old woman had taken place at Likabali in West Siang district in Arunachal Pradesh. The police however could promptly arrest the culprit, again a person from Assam, who had thrown the victim’s body into a stream after having raped and murdered her.
A look-out notice has been issued for the two main culprits who are suspected to be from Assam.

Global stocks hit by growth concernsGlobal stocks hit by growth concerns
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1238f114-4912-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India  US extend 2005 defence pact for 10 yrsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PM Modi returns home after hectic US visitOct 01, 2014 at 10:21pm IST
PM Modi returns home after hectic US visit
29
1
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi returned to the Capital on Wednesday night after a five-day visit to the US.
Modi left Washington on Tuesday at the end of his visit and returned home on a Special Air India plane after a brief transit halt in Frankfurt.
Union Minister Ram Vilas Paswan and a few of his ministerial colleagues were present at the Palam Technical area to receive Modi in a departure from normal practice where ministers no longer line up to see off or receive the Prime Minister during his foreign trips.
Modi left Washington on Tuesday at the end of his visit and returned home on a Special Air India plane after a brief transit halt in Frankfurt.
#india #us #modi meets america #narendra modi
During the five-day hectic visit, Modi projected India as an attractive investment destination, tried to reset ties with America, addressed the UN General Assembly and enthralled the Indian diaspora.
At the end of his first visit to the US as Prime Minister, Modi "thanked" America for what he said was a highly "successful and satisfactory trip" to the country.
on Tuesday, Modi and President Barack Obama held a summit meeting in the Oval Office of the White House, at the end of which the two leaders promised to take the India-US relationship to new heights.
After a nearly eight-hour flight from Washington, Modi had a three-hour stopover in Frankfurt.
The Prime Minister was seen off at the Andrews Air Force Base in Washington by Indian Ambassador to the US S Jaishankar and the Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asia Nisha Desai Biswal.
In a meeting spread over two hours, Modi and Obama also agreed to make "joint and concerted efforts" to dismantle safe havens for terror and criminal networks like LeT, JeM, D-company, Al-Qaeda and Haqqani network.
The meeting covered a broad range of issues such as cooperation in diverse key sectors like defence, security, energy economic and space besides deciding to break the impasse on implementation of civil nuclear deal.
On Monday evening, Obama had hosted a private dinner for Modi but he had only warm water as he has been observing Navratra fasts which started on September 25.
In the first leg of his five-day US trip, Modi spent four days in New York, where he addressed the annual session of the United Nations General Assembly on September 27, and wowed the Indian American community by addressing the diaspora at a packed Madison Square Garden in the Big Apple the next day.
In New York, Modi held meetings with a host of top American businessmen including breakfast with CEOs of Fortune 500 companies. Top American leaders like Bill Clinton and wife Hillary and former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg were among others who called on the prime minister.
In all, 50 top US lawmakers and three Governors including South Carolina's Nikki Haley met him.
During his trip, Modi also visited the 9/11 Memorial in New York and the Gandhi Statue in Washington DC.
3

BJP readies Modi blitz for Maharashtra  HaryanaBJP readies Modi blitz for Maharashtra, Haryana
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 01, 2014
First Published: 23:35 IST(1/10/2014) | Last Updated: 01:11 IST(2/10/2014)
Comments
After tasting success with the Narendra Modi wave during the Lok Sabha elections, the BJP is once again making the PM its face for the electoral campaign in the coming assembly elections.
Not only will Modi address around 30 rallies in Maharashtra and Haryana, but the party has coined a new slogan, ‘Chalo Chalein Modi ke saath’.
The move speaks of Modi’s continued popularity, but also BJP’s overwhelming dependence on the PM and absence of other strong local faces.
In a briefing, BJP national vice president Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi told reporters that Modi will kick off his campaign on October 4 – addressing rallies in Karnal in Haryana, and Kolhapur, Beed and Mumbai in Maharashtra.
The PM will subsequently campaign every day between the 4th and 13th of the month. Naqvi told HT that eight to ten rallies are planned in Haryana, while BJP’s Maharashtra in-charge Rajiv Pratap Rudy had said on Tuesday the PM would address 22 to 24 rallies in the state.
The BJP has usually projected chief ministerial candidates in state polls – but it has chosen not to do so in this round given the absence of strong leaders with a strong mass base.
Gopinath Munde’s death in June left a void for the party in Maharashtra, while the absence of any alliance in Haryana means that BJP will have to decide on a name depending on its numbers and post poll scenario.
In contrast, Congress president Sonia Gandhi is addressing seven rallies – three in Haryana and four in Maharashtra, while vice president Rahul Gandhi is addressing 13 rallies – four in Haryana and nine in Maharashtra.
Accusing the Congress of corruption in both states, Naqvi said, “Our target is to get both states rid of the misrule of the Congress and establish golden era of BJP’s good governance. Our main agenda is good governance and development.”
Other leaders too will pitch in, with president Amit Shah scheduled to campaign for five days each in the two states from Saturday.
Top cabinet ministers including Rajnath Singh, Sushma Swaraj, Venkaiah Naidu and Nitin Gadkari; BJP chief ministers Shivraj Singh Chauhan, Vasundhara Raje, Raman Singh, Anandiben Patel and Manohar Parikkar, as well as senior leaders L K Advani and Murli Manohar Joshi too will address rallies.
But the central message from the BJP campaign will remain the same as the one in the Lok Sabha – a vote for the party is a vote for Modi.

Thank you  America  Prime Minister Narendra Modi tells new converts‘Thank you, America’, PM Modi tells new converts
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, October 01, 2014
First Published: 18:25 IST(1/10/2014) | Last Updated: 10:49 IST(2/10/2014)
Comments
Vivek Wadhwa, a Silicon Valley tech-thinker, came to DC somewhat leery of the hype around Prime Minister Narendra Modi. He left Tuesday evening a complete convert.
“I was… blown away with Modi’s humour and confidence,” Wadhwa said after the state department luncheon by Joe Biden and John Kerry for the Prime Minister.
US President Barack Obama welcomes Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
“I talked to Modi only very briefly, though. But he won me over... I was on the fence until today.”
Modi left for home after a four-and-a-half day US tour a very satisfied man, pleased with what he is taking home, and the impact he has had on Americans.
Pete Sessions, chairman of the House ethics committee, was absolutely charmed. He said Modi reminded him of President Ronald Reagan, the nearest thing to God to Republicans.
“I had a very successful tour,” Modi told an audience at his last stop, an event hosted by the USIBC, from where he was to head straight to the airport for his flight home.
“Thank you, America,” he said, waving to the audience.
But were there milestone achievements or major announcements? There were no investment packages of the kind Modi brought from Japan or the one Xi Jinping brought.
“No,” said Michael Kugleman of Wilson Center, “But we shouldn’t have expected any. For Obama and Modi, the visit was all about the basics: getting to know each other, committing to get the relationship back on track, and promising to push toward even greater cooperation.”
One think-tanker differed: “In terms of optics it was a huge success, but are we to overlook the absence of deliverables — packages.” He said he would hold his verdict for now.
Here is a quick re-cap of Modi’s visit:
Day 1, September 26: A quiet evening at the hotel.
Day 2, September 27: After his maiden speech at UNGA, diplomats, UN staffers and three Prime Ministers queue up to greet him backstage. X-Men star Hugh Jackman introduces him at the Global Citizens festival. The prime minister speaks in English, connects with a largely American audience, all young.
Day 3, September 28: He gets a rockstar reception from the Indian American community at Madison Square Garden, with over 30 US lawmakers present.
Day 4, September 29: Seventeen of the world’s most powerful business leaders meet him in his suite — including Lloyd Blankfein, Jeff Imelt, Henry Kravis, Indra Nooyi.
He ends the day in DC, with a quiet dinner with President Barack Obama, and aides. They connect. Modi said later “we have similar interests” and “our wavelengths matched”.
Day 5, September 30: India-US formal bilateral meeting goes on for two hours, after which Obama accompanies Modi to the memorial of Martin Luther King.
That was noted. Experts found a renewed commitment by the two countries to the relationship. For Teresita Schaffer, the timing itself was a significant achievement.
She said the US normally never agrees to bilateral summits in DC during the UNGA. “If they agree to one there will be requests for more,” she said, “which they cannot turn down.”
Read: Modi returns home after hectic US visit
Obama took that chance, she added, and that points to something that had been missing earlier. Modi, too, took a chance, said Kugleman. He could have declined the invitation.
“Instead, he accepted it and took full advantage of his time in Washington. This is a strong signal of his intention to move beyond the past and to get this relationship back on track.”
And that looks like Mission Accomplished.
 

Payment fraud on rise in India with E-com gr...ATM
(About $5 billion worth of…)
NEW DELHI: As more Indians step up to make online payments, there is aproliferation of payment gateways and mobile wallets, many of which are facing the risk of being misused by unscrupulous merchants.
Payment service providers like Citrus Pay and PayU claim the low interest rates offered by payment gateways — 1% compared with up to 3% — charged by credit card companies is being taken advantage of by several small traders who set up online stores and withdraw money citing fake transactions.
"We have lost Rs 4.5 lakh on account of fraud out of which one ecommerce merchant sold a used 'car' worth Rs 1 lakh to himself by his credit card," said Nitin Gupta, CEO of PayU India, one of India's leading payment gateways, which has over 30,000 ecommerce merchants registered with it.
Cash withdrawal at an ATM in India through a credit card is charged at about 2.7%-2.8% monthly, which on an annualised compounded basis comes to about 40%.
But a swipe at your own e-store will land you 'instant' cash at just 1%, the rate now being charged by most mobile wallets and payment gateways for ecommerce transactions.
It's this loophole, that small time traders have found to be a cash rotating machine by opening fake online retail companies.
"In the particular case, the transaction went through but was caught as the buyer and seller account details were the same. No real sale happened," said Gupta.
About $5 billion worth of online transactions are expected to happen this year. India's ecommerce industry is projected to grow to over $12 billion by end of next year.
As the industry grows, companies such as Mumbai-based Citrus Pay have seen a rise in frauds.
"In Timtara's case, the whole payments industry lost over Rs 1 crore as the merchant failed to deliver the goods," said Jeetendra Gupta, cofounder of CitrusPay, a payment gateway. Ecommerce portal Timtara shut down last year after arrests of management, as they failed to deliver products, when they ran out of cash accepted from buyers.
The illegal practice of swiping card for cash is quite prevalent amongst the trader hubs of India.
"Legally, swiping card for cash is not allowed in India unlike in the UK or US. There have been rackets in the past that the police have busted," said Nidhi Gurnani, cofounder of Cardback, an app which advises buyers on their credit card usage.
The other reason behind swiping credit cards for fake sales is to earn rewards. "In accelerated reward point schemes, one can earn up to Rs 20,000 on a swipe of Rs 1 lakh," said Gurnani.
As merchants move to sell online, card for cash model is also moving to the online world. "Some ecommerce companies accept digital payments for products but instead used the cash to run operations.
They don't deliver on time," Gupta of CitrusPay added. Not only payment gateways but even the mobile wallets have become extremely cautious. It's easier to swipe money from a credit card into a bank account.
Users are able to withdraw cash from their credit cards at almost 0% in mobile wallets compared to up to 2% they are charged on ecommerce portals.
"We allow only Rs 5,000 worth of money to be loaded via a credit card into our mobile wallet. We also take at least 3 days to transfer money to a bank account, to check fraudulent transactions," said Sunil Kulkarni, deputy managing director at mobile wallet firm Oxigen Services (India) Pvt Ltd. About Rs 1,800 crore of transactions went through Oxigen last year, of which the company charges 1%, usually from the vendors.
To curb fake online sale frauds, payment gateways such as PayU and CitrusPay have launched detection mechanisms.
"The very first check we have is to fingerprint the IP address of the device which is making an abnormal payment," said Gupta of PayU India, a Naspers funded company.
If it's the same device a merchant used to register with payment gateway, he or she can be caught redhanded.
The second is to record the location of the access of the product and its price. Now, every product over Rs 10,000 which passes through PayU's gateways now pass through these checks.
Mumbai-based CitrusPay has also introduced checks where they can detect whether a certain card is doing transactions repeatedly. To get cash released from gateways some merchants have started faking proof of delivery courier receipts.
"If it's a new merchant, we call customers to check whether they have received the product," Gupta of CitrusPay added.
According to RBI, there are about 1.9 crore credit card users in the country. According to latest data by RBI for 2014, about Rs 14,000 crore of transactions went through in June. About a fourth of the 17,867 complaints that India's banking ombudsmen received in 2012-13 were related to card transactions.
While the latest card fraud data is not available, about Rs 13 crore worth of card fraud was netted in 2011.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Live: Modi set to launch his pet project  Swachh Bharat Abhiyan  today5
0
As the nation celebrates Mahatma Gandhi's 150th birth anniversary, the PM will kickstart his 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan' today.
Live coverage
(Content below is refreshed only when page is reloaded.)
10:12 am: 
10:08 am: Apart from students, several people from the business community and volunteers are taking part in the walkathon
10:05 am: PM Modi flags off the Clean India walkathon at the Rajpath
10:02 am: PM Modi ends his speech by wishing the nation on Gandhi Jayanti
10:00 am: PM Modi reads out the pledge of Swachh Bharat Campaign, asks people to start cleaning their vicinity to begin with
9:58 am: Aamir Khan also shares the stage with PM Modi to start the clean up india campaign
9:57 am: Once again, I urge people to take part in the movement: PM Modi
9:55 am: Discipline from people is the key to the success of this campaign: PM Modi
9:54 am: Neither will i litter, nor will i let anyone litter, should be our aim: PM Modi
9:52 am: I want these 9 people to start this and then ask 9 other people to join the change. Adding people like this to the campaign will lead to involvement of people: PM Modi
9:51 am: These 9 people include, Mridula Sinha, Sushma Swaraj, Shashi Tharoor, Salman Khan, Sachin Tendulkar, Tarak Mehta ka ultah Chashma, yoga guru ramdev, Kamal Haasan, Priyanka Chopra: PM Modi
9:47 am: I have started a social media campaign where i have asked 9 people to come forth and contribute in cleaning India and upload its video: PM Modi
9:46 am: We need to engage the common man in this initiative to get optimum results: PM Modi
9:45 am: It’s a very difficult task, but we have time till 2019 when we celebrate Mahatma Gandhi’s 150th birthday: PM Modi
9:44 am: This movement should be kept away from politics. This campaign does not have to focus on which government initiated it: PM Modi
9:43 am: We will run clean india campaign through social media also. We need to honour the people who are contributing in this initiative: PM Modi
9:41 am: I come here with the assurance that we keep India clean. It is our responsibility: PM Modi
9:41 am: Is cleaning only the responsibility of the Karamcharis? Do citizens have no role in this? We have to change this mindset: PM Modi
9:40 am: It is not an issue which can just be addressed through a campaign, this has to be made a national movement. This includes changing the old habits of the people: PM Modi
9:39 am: It is our responsibility to keep our country clean. Why do we not pick up a paper if we see it littered: PM Modi
9:38 am: I want to thank all government and people who have contributed in the Clean India movement. I never said that the newly elected is the only government that is leading the drive. Earlier governments too have worked for it. My heartfelt appreciation for all: PM Modi
9:36 am: Mahatma Gandhi gave us the message of quit India, clean India. This is not just a logo, Gandhi ji is watching us. His dream is unfulfilled, we must respect his wishes: Modi
9:35 am: We need to take up steps to ensure a clean India: PM Modi
9:35 am: PM Modi addresses the nation, launches the Clean India campaign
9:11 am: PM Modi has reached the Rajpath where he will officially launch the campaign and address the nation
9:02 am: 
8:50 am: Modi picks up the broom, kickstarts his Clean Up India campaign
8:47 am: 
8:35 am: PM Modi reaches the Valmiki temple in the locality
8:33 am: Pm Modi welcomed by children at the Valmiki Basti from where he will kickstart his project
8:22 am: PM makes surprise visit to Mandir Marg Police Station in Delhi
8:16 am: 
8:15 am: 
8:12 am: PM Modi reaches Valmiki Basti to start his Clean India campaign
8:10 am: He will also lead a walkathon from the Rajpath-Rafi Marg crossing and then pass through Sunehri Masjid Road, Krishna Menon Marg, R/A Gole Methi, Tees January Marg, Gandhi Smriti roundabout, Claridges Hotel roundabout, Q-point, Aurangzeb Road, Shahjahan Road and terminate at Children's Park, India Gate.
8:10 am: Approximately 5,000 school children are expected to participate in the event to launch the cleanliness drive. The programme shall also be attended by government officers, diplomats and expats, representatives of corporate houses and Chamber of Commerce, faculty and students of universities/colleges etc.
8:03 am: The PM's campaign finds a common cause with CNN IBN's 'Clean Up India' initiative.
8:01 am: The PM's 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan' focuses on sanitation, hygiene, and waste management
8:00 am: As the nation celebrates Mahatma Gandhi's birth anniversary, the PM will kickstart his 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan' today
2

Liberia  U.S. say Texas Ebola patient showed no symptoms before flyingLiberia  U.S. say Texas Ebola patient showed no symptoms before flying
Monsoon makes 2014 a mild drought year: SkymetMonsoon makes 2014 a mild drought year: Skymet
BS Reporter | New Delhi Oct 02, 2014 12:49 AM IST
Private weather forecasting firm Skymet said on Wednesday that this year's monsoon, ending Tuesday, was such that this ranked as a mild drought year, with the lowest rainfall in five years. Beside, erratic rain was is likely to impact the output of kharif crops, it said.
"There are three kinds of drought -- mild, moderate and severe. Monsoon 2014 has been a mild drought year," Jatin Singh, chief executive of Skymet, told Business Standard.
Mild drought-like conditions prevailed in Himachal Pradesh, Punjab, Haryana, Chandigarh, Delhi, Uttarakhand, East and West Uttar Pradesh, East Madhya Pradesh, Telangana, Rayalaseema, Marathwada, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram and Tripura.
"These regions finished the season with deficit (lower than normal by 20% or more) rainfall," Skymet said.
Issuing its end-season report, Skymet said the monsoon this year was 88% of the Long Period Average (LPA), i.e 12% below normal. The country usually receives around 89 centimetres of rain during the June-September monsoon. This was the lowest after 2009, when the country had witnessed a severe drought.
Skymet in April had predicted the southwest monsoon would be 94% of the LPA, with a margin error of plus or minus four per cent. It had later scaled this down to 91% of the LPA, with the same error margin, due to a 40-plus per cent deficiency in the June rain. It had also then said there was a 60% chance of drought.
Of all the states, rainfall was more than normal only in Odisha, south interior Karnataka and in Jammu and Kashmir, said Skymet.
On the impact of less than normal rain in some parts on kharif production, Skymet said the area under kharif was 101.92 million hectares, as against 104.47 mha in 2013. "Erratic rainfall and extended dry spells in several parts is expected to impact productivity of kharif crops," it said.
The southwest monsoon entered India after a four-day delay and its progress was rather patchy. The rains started picking up from mid-July. Skymet data showed rain in June was 43% below normal. In July, the deficit narrowed to 10% and in August, the rains were nine per cent below average. In September, the southwest monsoon was eight per cent above average.
The low rain in the first half of the southwest monsoon also depressed water levels in major reservoirs. However, after the rains revived, these levels picked up.

Thousands swarm Hong Kong leader s office  want him to resignThousands swarm Hong Kong leader s office  want him to resign
Build an India of Gandhi s dreams: ModiBuild an India of Gandhi s dreams: Modi
Modi visit laid foundation for deepening Indo-US cooperationModi visit laid foundation for deepening Indo-US cooperation
Modi pays tribute to Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat on his birth anniversaryOct 02, 2014 at  09:13am IST
Modi pays tribute to Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat on his 144th birth anniversary
6
2
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday paid tribute to Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat on his 144th birth anniversary. Former PM Manmohan Singh and several other senior leaders were also present at Rajghat.
Modi also paid tribute to former Prime Minister Lal Bahadur Shastri who shares his birthday with Mahatma Gandhi today.
As the nation celebrates the birth anniversary of the father of the nation, Modi will kickstart his pet project 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan' on Thursday to mark the occasion. The campaign focuses on sanitation, hygiene, and waste management.
Modi will be picking up the broom at Valmiki Basti, a place where Gandhi stayed to dedicate public toilets to the residents of the locality.
10

Physicist Says She Has Proof Black Holes Simply Don t ExistThis Physicist Says She Has Proof Black Holes Simply Don't Exist
Posted:
Scientists have lots of bizarre theories about black holes . Black holes gobble up everything that gets too close, even light. They can cause time to slow. They contain entire universes.
But here's something about black holes you might not have heard: they simply don't exist.
At least that's the contention of Dr. Laura Mersini-Houghton, a theoretical physicist at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. In a new paper submitted to the non-peer-reviewed online research paper repository ArXiv, she offers what she calls proof that it's mathematically impossible for black holes ever to form .
The paper was greeted with skepticism by other physicists, and Mersini-Houghton herself admitted her finding was hard to swallow.
"I'm still not over the shock," she said in a written statement issued by the university. "We've been studying this problem for more than 50 years and this solution gives us a lot to think about."
The paper suggests a possible resolution of the so-called " black hole information loss paradox ," in which Einstein's theory of relativity predicts that black holes should form but quantum theory says no "information" can ever permanently disappear from the universe.
In the conventional view, a black hole forms when a dying star collapses under the force of its own gravity to become a single point in space. The gravity within the region surrounding this so-called singularity is so intense that not even light can escape--hence the term black hole.
But according to Mersini-Houghton, a collapsing star sheds mass as it shrinks--so no black hole ever forms. Instead, as she and her collaborator--University of Toronto computational relativity expert Dr. Harald Pfeiffer--write in their paper, the star "stops collapsing at a finite radius...and its core explodes."
Mersini-Houghton told The Huffington Post in an email that by doing away with black holes, her explanation also eliminates a lot of the strange, almost incomprehensible properties long ascribed to them:
"Things were up for grab before when we thought there were singularities but did not know what they are or what happens near them. That led to a whole lot of speculation about singularities pinching off spacetime and making holes in the universe, and swallowing all the information about our universe... Now Harald and I have shown that since there are no singularities then we are back in the land of certainty as far as stars in our universe are concerned. We can study them with physics we trust and can follow their evolution through all the stages, with no mystery of incomprehensible exotic objects such as singularities involved."
If Mersini-Houghton is correct, long-held theories about the origin of the universe may need revising. But not everyone is buying her ideas.
"I'm not convinced," Dr. Max Tegmark, a cosmologist and professor of physics at MIT, told The Huffington Post in an email. "It's great to see numerical calculations being done, but the results disagree with many published findings, and this might be because of incorrect assumptions.
"Also," Tegmark said in the email, "one can't claim 'black holes don't exist' without first explaining all the observational evidence we have for black holes."
Tegmark's assessment was echoed by that of Dr. David Garfinkle, a professor of physics at Oakland University in Rochester, Michigan and an expert on singularities and gravitational fields. In an email to The Huffington Post, he called the paper "interesting" but added:
"We don't know enough about...the singularity to say whether [Messini-Houghton's] picture is correct. Even if it is correct, it is very misleading to describe it as showing that 'black holes don't exist.' There is a lot of astronomical evidence for objects that behave just like the black holes predicted by Einstein's theory of relativity."
Mersini-Houghton told HuffPost that a previous paper on the same topic had gotten "great reviews," and the new one had generated "lots of questions from colleagues who are interested to understand our findings."
Stay tuned.

How To Purge Your Near-Capacity Gmail Account  In 5 Easy Stepsreddit
It's an all too common scenario. Your inbox is suddenly full and your boss is asking why her emails keep bouncing back. You need to make space, and fast.
But with so much email, how can you quickly decide what you should delete? If you have Gmail's priority inbox enabled , a system that marks your most important emails and brings them to the top of your inbox, the solution should be simple: just erase your non-priority emails. Sadly, it's not that easy.
Gmail doesn't offer a seamless way to select your non-priority emails and delete them. That's why we've devised these five steps to clean out your Gmail inbox in a jiffy. The results depend on how much non-priority email you have, but when this writer did it, his inbox went from:
Keep in mind this technique is most effective for those people who don't regularly delete emails. If you do, make sure there are no messages in your Trash folder (see step four) before you start.
Here's how it's done:
Step 1 - Separate your priority messages from your non-priority messages.
To do this, you'll need to click the little arrow near the right end of the search box:
Advanced search options will appear. Now select the "Doesn't have" field and type in "label: important". If you want to save your Gchats too, type in "label: chats" as well.
This will supposedly -- we say supposedly for a reason you'll find out below -- select all the messages that aren't marked as important (those are the messages with the little yellow pentagon next to them, in case you didn't know).
Step 2 - Move to trash.
Once you've searched for all your chats and non-priority emails, you'll want to select them so you can move them to the trash.
To do this, click on the check mark at the upper left. Then click on "Select all conversations that match this search."
Your screen should look like it does below. Next, click on the trash icon:
Click OK:
Step 3 - Do something else for a while.
If your inbox is full, chances are you're moving a lot of messages. This is going to take a while. An error message might also pop up, but your emails should still eventually transfer to the trash:
Why not make some coffee? Or call your Mom? She's the best.
Step 4 - Save your important messages from accidental deletion.
By now, you should be able to find all the messages you wanted to get rid of by going to your "Trash" folder. That's here:
Once you're there you'll probably notice something: a few priority messages! Why this happens to your poor important messages we're not sure, but a few always seem to end up in the trash, and it's up to you to get them out!
In the search field, next to "in: trash," type: "label: important". Select all the messages and move them back to the inbox, where they'll be safe:
Step 5 - Finally, get rid of all those ugly messages you don't want.
Now with your important messages back in the inbox where they belong, it's safe to delete all the non-priority ones. Select all the messages remaining in Trash and click "Delete forever":
OK, so this might take a while again. Make another cup of coffee, then get some props from the office dog because you're almost done:
Come back to your computer screen and bask in the glory of your tidy inbox:
Ah, nothing like that clean inbox feeling!
More:

REPORT: Nate Silver s Site  A Disasterreddit
Nate Silver's FiveThirtyEight website launched with much fanfare back in March . Silver was seen as a new media sensation, someone prepared to upend the stale worlds of political analysis and sports reporting with his data-heavy style.
So, how's that going? Well, if you believe insiders at ESPN who talked to The Big Lead last week , not too well:
Inside ESPN, there has been a lot of talk about the struggles of Nate Silver’s 538 website. It hasn’t even been online for a year yet, but from lack of revenue to lack of traffic to lack of advertising, it is already being billed as a “disaster” by some at the network. (An ESPN spokesman said Friday about 538: "Traffic is ahead of where it was with the New York Times.")
Whatever's happening behind the scenes, ESPN president John Skipper recently defended Silver in an interview with Re/Code. Asked about the seeming lack of buzz around FiveThirtyEight (as opposed to, say, Ezra Klein's Vox, which has already turned into a love-it-or-hate-it litmus test for much of the chattering class), Skipper said Silver was doing what he should be doing.
"His only guidance from me is, ‘Please create the best possible site you can create, and the most fascinating, interesting articles,'" he said.
More:

Owl Struggles To Fathom iPhone Screen Even After 90 Degree Head Turn  Is Basically All Of UsPrevious Story
Next Story
Owl Struggles To Fathom iPhone Screen Even After A 90 Degree Head Turn, Is Basically All Of Us
reddit
They say owls are wise. So if Kuu the screech owl can't make sense of this iPhone after a full 90 degree head turn, we don't know what hope the rest of us have.
Watch Kuu squint and bend its big feathery neck to try to get on this iPhone's level in the video, uploaded in January and currently trending thanks to a post on Tastefully Offensive.
So what's on the iPhone screen that's confusing Kuu? A ridiculously complicated update? A Sisyphian loading screen? A surprise U2 album?
According to the video's description, the owl was actually struggling to comprehend his own reflection. No worries, Kuu. We still think you're pretty wise.
More:

Central bank able and willing on wilful defaultE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

No winds of change from RBI denE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BSE Sensex down 16 points in early trade on profit-bookingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Global spa  wellness industry estimated at $3.4 trillion: ReportE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

There s Going To Be A Live-Action  Tetris  Movie. SeriouslyThere's Going To Be A Live-Action 'Tetris' Movie. Seriously
Posted:
So there's going to be a live-action movie based on the game "Tetris," according to The Wall Street Journal. You read that right. A live-action movie. Based on "Tetris."
How is THIS going to be a live-action movie?
The movie does not have a cast or director yet, but it does have a script, apparently, and it sounds like its makers expect us to take it seriously. “This isn’t a movie with a bunch of lines running around the page," Larry Kasanoff, CEO of Threshold Entertainment, which is helping develop the movie, told the WSJ, supposedly without laughing. "We’re not giving feet to the geometric shapes.”
Um, OK. Let us remind everyone that there are no people in the game "Tetris," just like there are no characters or plot in the game "Tetris." There are only geometric shapes. Falling from the sky. That's it.
And that's basically all we know about the movie so far. But since we were so, uh, intrigued by the idea of a live-action Tetris movie, we asked some of our colleagues what they thought a Tetris movie might be about. Here are some of the more inspired  ideas:
1. The Zombie Flick -- Different-colored geometric shapes start falling from the sky, seemingly from nowhere. The film's hero must get them all to line up before the Earth is completely filled with shapes and everyone dies. It's like "World War Z" except with geometric shapes instead of zombies.
2. The Sci-Fi Thriller --  "The son of a virtual world designer goes looking for his father and ends up inside the digital world that his father designed. He meets his father's corrupted creation and a unique ally who was born inside the digital world." Yes, this is the plot of "Tron: Legacy," copied word-for-word from IMDB. But here's the Tetris twist: Only by arranging the shapes of the digital world can the hero save himself. But will he be able to save his father?
3. The Drama -- Squiggly Tetris piece never quite fit in with the other kids. He knew he was different. But then one day, he saw what looked like a space and went for it. Directed by Gus Van Sant. Starring Ben Affleck and Matt Damon.
4. The Romantic Comedy -- He's a lovable, caring square. She's a three-sided flexible prong thing. She just wants to be free. Can love get these two in line once and for all, or will "Mr, Right" turnout to be "Mr. Right Angle" instead?
And who should they cast as the stars of the film? We figured that out for them, too.
Benedict Cumberbatch as the long, thin one
Jennifer Aniston as the triangle
The Bangles as the squiggles
Sting as the backwards "L"
This Model as the "L"
Danny DeVito as the square
This movie will undoubtedly make at least one billion dollars, so long as the pieces fall into place. Get it!?
Honestly, we would also just watch 90 minutes of people running like this.
More:

Mount Ontake tragedy: Japan volcano death toll hits 48 as new bodies foundRescuers conduct a search operation near the peak of Mount Ontake in central Japan Wednesday, Oct. 1, 2014. Search efforts for people missing since Saturday's surprise eruption resumed Wednesday morning. (Source: AP Photo/Kyodo News)
Agence-France Presse | Tokyo | Posted: October 1, 2014 10:00 am | Updated: October 1, 2014 4:17 pm
The death toll from a sudden volcanic eruption in Japan hit 48 on Wednesday as rescuers discovered 12 new bodies in so-far unexplored areas of the ash-covered peak.
The figure makes the eruption of Mount Ontake, which was packed with hikers when it burst angrily to life on Saturday lunchtime, the worst volcanic disaster in Japan for almost 90 years.
Up until Sunday 36 bodies had been found, but many of these remained on the ruptured mountain as toxic gas and the risk of further eruptions forced emergency workers to suspend operations.
Volcanic gases and ash billow from the peak crater of Mount Ontake in central Japan Tuesday afternoon, Sept. 30, 2014. (Source: AP Photo/Kyodo News)
The grim news of more deaths came after media reports earlier suggested as many as 20 people remained unaccounted for, with an area of the volcano still spewing steam and gas.
Some of the around 1,000 troops, police and firefighters combing the volcano succeeded today in bringing down 14 more of the bodies that were discovered on Sunday.
An official at Nagano prefecture’s crisis management office said helicopters had brought the dead from the mountain, whose pockmarked lunarscape bears witness to the huge volume of ash and rocks flung from the volcano.
Rescuers conduct a search operation near the peak of Mount Ontake in central Japan Wednesday, Oct. 1, 2014. Search efforts for people missing since Saturday’s surprise eruption resumed Wednesday morning. (Source: AP Photo/Kyodo News)
“We believe there are more people still missing, but we don’t know how many they are,” he added.
Broadcaster NHK said earlier in the day rescuers had seen more bodies that they had not yet been able to access.
Hiking is a hugely popular pastime in Japan, with mountain trails promoted by tourism officials who ask walkers to sign in when they begin their trek and sign out again when they finish.
But a local tourism association told the Asahi Shimbun that usually only 10 to 20 per cent of hikers register before entering the mountains in high season.
An aerial view shows rescue workers searching for missing people near mountain lodge with heavily damaged roof top in the erupted Mount Ontake, central Japan, Monday, Sept. 29, 2014. (Source: AP Photo/Kyodo News)
The report said 327 hikers had registered their presence on Mount Ontake at the time of the eruption.
Rescuers are hoping that many of those continued…

Fat-finger trade rattles Japan stocks© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eee7e91a-4964-11e4-9d7e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How One Entrepreneur Is Transforming Blood TestingThis article originally appeared in Business Insider.
The next time you get a blood test, you might not have to go to the doctor and watch vials of blood fill up as the precious fluid is drawn from your arm. No more wondering to yourself, "Ah, how much more can they take before I pass out?" Instead you might be able to walk into a Walgreens pharmacy for a reportedly painless finger prick that will draw just a tiny drop of blood, thanks to Elizabeth Holmes, 30, the youngest woman and third-youngest billionaire on Forbes' newly released annual ranking of the 400 richest Americans.
Advertisement
Revolutionizing the blood test is a golden idea. Because of new testing methods developed by Holmes' startup Theranos , that lone drop can now yield a ton of information. The company can run hundreds of tests on a drop of blood far more quickly than could be done with whole vials in the past—and it costs a lot less.
A Billion-Dollar Idea
Holmes dropped out of Stanford at 19 to found what would become Theranos after deciding that her tuition money could be better put to use by transforming healthcare.
Traditional blood testing is shockingly difficult and expensive for a tool that's used so frequently. It also hasn't changed since the 1960s.  It's done in hospitals and doctors' offices. Vials of blood have to be sent out and tested, which can take weeks using traditional methods and is prone to human error. And, of course, sticking a needle in someone's arm scares some people enough that they avoid getting blood drawn, even when it could reveal lifesaving information.
Holmes recognized that process was ripe for disruption. It took a decade for her idea to be ready for primetime, but now it seems that her decision to drop out was undoubtedly a good call. Last year, Walgreen Co. announced that it would be installing Theranos Wellness Centers in pharmacies across the country, with locations already up and running in Phoenix and Palo Alto, California. And Holmes has raised $400 million in venture capital for Theranos, which is now valued at $9 billion (Holmes owns 50 percent).
The other two 30-year-olds on Forbes' List, Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg and his former roommate and Facebook CEO Dustin Moskovitz, also have access to a wealth of information about people—but their data is less likely to directly save a life.
Elizabeth Holmes holds up her invention
Courtesy of Theranos
How It Works
One closely guarded secret is what MedCityNews calls "the most interesting part of [the Theranos] story": how exactly the technology behind its blood test works. The company's methods are protected by more than a dozen patents filed as far back as 2004 and as recently as last week.
In an interview with Wired, Holmes hinted at some of the key ideas behind Theranos. "We had to develop ... methodologies that would make it possible to accelerate results," she said. "In the case of a virus or bacteria, traditionally tested using a culture, we measure the DNA of the pathogen instead so we can report results much faster."
While we can't yet assess independently how well that method works when compared with traditional blood tests, it already seems to be upending the old way of doing things.
Why Blood Tests?
Holmes told Medscape that she targeted lab medicine because it drives about 80 percent of clinical decisions made by doctors. By zeroing in on the inefficiencies of that system, the Theranos approach completely revolutionizes it.
The new tests can be done without going to the doctor, which saves both money and time. Most results are available in about four hours, which means that you could swing by a pharmacy and have a test done the day before a doctor's visit, and then the results would be available for the physician. Quick tests that can be done at any time are already a total change, but the amount of data the company can get from a single drop of blood is amazing.
Blood samples have traditionally been used for one test, but if a follow-up was needed, another sample had to be drawn and sent out—making it less likely that someone would get care. The Theranos approach means the same drop can be used for dozens of different tests.
It's cheap, too. One common criticism of the healthcare system is that the pricing structure is a confusing labyrinth that makes it impossible to know how much anything costs. Theranos lists its prices online, and they're impressive. Each test costs less than 50 percent of standard Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement rates. If those two programs were to perform all tests at those prices, they'd save $202 billion over the next decade, Holmes said in an interview on Wired
Plus, people get access to their own results. As an example of how helpful that can be, Holmes told Wired that Theranos charges $35 for a fertility test, which is usually paid for out-of-pocket and costs up to $2,000. But she also said that this data could be useful for anyone looking to gain a better understanding of his or her health. "By testing, you can start to understand your body, understand yourself, change your diet, change your lifestyle, and begin to change your life," she said.

Ministry seeks funds for Clean India MissionMinistry seeks funds for Clean India Mission
Our Bureau
Plans to offer tax benefits on contributions
New Delhi, October 1:  
The Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, or Clean India Mission, was first announced by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the Lok Sabha on June 11.
He elaborated on it further in his Independence Day speech, explaining that it aims to create a ‘mass movement’ to realise Mahatma Gandhi’s dream of a clean India by his 150th birth anniversary in 2019.
The mission kicked off on September 25, with Minsters initiating cleanliness drives in their ministries and departments. On Thursday, the birth anniversary of Gandhiji, Modi will launch the mission and administer the oath to gathering, followed by inaugurating toilets in Valmiki Colony in Central Delhi.
Toilets and funds
Since the mission also involves setting up toilets, various Ministries are encouraging Central public sector enterprises (CPSEs) to take the initiative.
Accordingly, the Ministries of Power, Coal and New and Renewable Energy have said that their CPSEs will set up 50,000 toilets in schools with work on 1,001 of these starting on October 2.
Corporate responsibility
The Finance Ministry has invited contributions under the ‘Swachh Bharat Kosh’ (Clean India Fund) to mobilise resources for improving sanitation facilities in rural and urban areas, particularly in schools. The aim is to get corporate social responsibility funds from the private sector as well as contributions from individuals and philanthropists.
The Government also plans to offer tax benefits on these contributions.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Revamped accounting standards body to meet on October 11Revamped accounting standards body to meet on October 11
KR Srivats
Will discuss hurdles foreseen in adoption of IFRS
New Delhi, October 1:  
The recently reconstituted National Advisory Committee on Accounting Standards (NACAS) will hold its first meeting on October 11, its Chairman Amarjit Chopra has said.
This meeting — to be held in the capital — will reiterate Government's commitment made in the Budget as regards adoption of IFRS-converged standards by Indian companies. IFRS stands for International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), a set of internationally recognised accounting standards.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had, in his maiden Budget, announced that Indian companies would adopt IFRS-converged standards from 2016-17, and voluntarily from 2015-16.
Chopra also said the NACAS meeting will discuss the hurdles foreseen in the implementation of IFRS.
Variations
“There are definition-related issues that need to be addressed. There are differences between the definition specified in the accounting standards and the Companies Act. A case in point being the definition of related party transaction,” Chopra told BusinessLine here.
The Centre had on September 18 constituted the 13-member NACAS, including representatives of chambers of commerce and some regulatory bodies.
Office bearers
The main purpose of setting up NACAS is to advise the Central Government on the formulation and laying down of accounting policies and accounting standards.
While the Confederation of Indian Industry has nominated Rostow Ravanan to NACAS, industry body Assocham has nominated Ashok Haldia (former CA Institute Secretary).
Adesh Gupta is the nominee of Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry in NACAS.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Dollar rise sends platinum to 5-year low© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/be1bd568-4972-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Emerging Market That s Not on the Mapreddit
Investors and innovative companies have long been obsessed with emerging markets and for good reason.  While growth was once a worthy objective, today's imperative is fast growth, and there are few better ways to achieve it than getting into new markets first.  For years, the hottest spots on the map were underdeveloped economies such as Brazil, Russia, India and China (the "BRIC" countries).  However, today as growth in these markets has (inevitably) slowed the search is on for the next and newest emerging, fast-growth opportunities.
As with the BRIC example, the predominant perspective on emerging markets has been geographic.  Even the epicenters of the eternally emerging technology sector have been given geographic monikers such as "Silicon 'Valley," "Silicon Alley" and "Route 128."  So, it's no surprise that as smart companies search for the next emerging markets, they are most likely to be looking in "places" rather than "spaces."
This bias is perhaps the most salient reason why most enterprises have been slow to discover one of the most significant, underdeveloped and uncontested market spaces in today's global economy.  The next big, emerging market is not geographic it's demographic.  It's also not foreign it's domestic... right here inside our own borders.  We live in The Age of Aging, and no other trend will do more to shape lives, make markets, influence public policy and affect human welfare more than aging.
According to US Census projections, in fewer than five years, half of the U.S. adult population will be 50 or older.  Nielsen estimates that they will spend close to $3 trillion dollars a year and dominate most consumer packaged goods categories.  Globally, the United nations reports that people 65 and older will soon outnumber children under 5 for the first time in history.  In parts of Western Europe, walkers and wheelchairs already outnumber baby strollers.
Aging consumers constitute an emerging market in two primary ways:
1. They have all of the economic hallmarks -- they are underdeveloped, largely uncontested and ripe with fast growth potential.
2. They have "aged out" of the 18-49 sweet spot and "emerged" into a freestanding and fertile 50+ market.
John Maxwell from PriceWaterhouseCoopers advises that it takes bold and fast-acting pioneers to win big in emerging markets.  Maxwell posits that those who break new ground usually win if they have a taste for risk, the ability to disregard conventional wisdom and a commitment to stay in it for the long haul.
Great advice, but perhaps PWC's Chief Economist & Emerging Markets Practice head Harry Broadman sums up the risks and opportunities of emerging markets most succinctly with this admonishment: "The biggest risk in emerging markets could be just ignoring them."
While it's sometimes convenient to ignore advancing age, it's nonsensical to ignore global aging.  Those who "break new ground" in the emerging market of aging will be joining the likes of a modern day gold rush which we call The Old Rush.  These are the latter day pioneers of business who get there first and find nuggets of opportunity in plain sight, while those who wait are left panning for the leftover dust of a bygone opportunity.
Rarely has a market opportunity this big been so "invisible," but the explanation is pretty clear: aging is the emerging market that's not on the map.
Follow Peter Hubbell on Twitter: www.twitter.com/BoomAgers
More:

Bangladesh allows  fixer  Nadir to umpire'Miscommunication' causes banned Nadir to umpire Bangladesh game
BCB president Hassan has said the board's 10-year ban on the umpire for remains in place.
By Mohammad Isam | ESPNcricinfo –  Tue 30 Sep, 2014 5:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
BCB president Nazmul Hassan has said the board's 10-year ban on Nadir Shah remains in place, and that a "miscommunication" led to Shah umpiring in a domestic T20 semifinal on September 28. Hassan said the BCB "did not allow him", although it is the board's umpires committee that chooses the umpires in the Dhaka First Division T20 tournament, as it does for all domestic competitions.
Sailab Hossain Tutul, the umpires committee member-secretary, had earlier stated that the BCB had lifted the ban on Shah in May. Hassan, however, said the BCB had not made any such decision yet.
"I only read about the Nadir Shah situation in the papers today," Hassan said. "The board has taken a decision against him in the past, and that will stand, the 10-year ban, until and unless the decision is changed. We have seen his mercy application, but we haven't reached a decision yet.
"The board was not involved in this matter; we didn't allow him [to umpire]. He umpired a game due to a miscommunication at some level. The board didn't decide. The BCB CEO [Nizamuddin Chowdhury] will take an independent decision."
Shah had been banned in March 2013 based on charges alleged by a TV sting operation in 2012.
Tutul had said following the match that there was no ICC restriction on Shah and that the board had informed the ACSU that he would be allowed to umpire in domestic matches. "There was no ICC restriction on him. It was the BCB's suspension and the BCB has withdrawn it," Tutul said. "The BCB withdrew the ban on him in the board meeting after the World T20 [in May].
"We had informed ACSU in February-March this year that we are allowing him to umpire in domestic [cricket]. But they didn't reply. The [BCB's] executive board withdrew it. He wanted mercy. He was considered for his length of service."
Tutul also said that Shah had been assigned the match soon after he arrived in Bangladesh after spending three months in the USA.
"There was no cricket in the interim [since May]," he said. "When the domestic season began here, he was abroad. We gave him this opportunity as soon as he arrived back in the country. From now on, he will get more matches to officiate."
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Stocks Start October With a DropAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

US banks  stress reduction© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/e181dd6e-458e-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Forex - Yen weaker ahead of BoJ consumer survey  thin tradeOct 02, 2014, 03.55 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Forex - Yen weaker ahead of BoJ consumer survey, thin trade
Forex - Yen weaker ahead of BoJ consumer survey, thin trade
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Forex - Yen weaker ahead of BoJ consumer survey, thin trade
Forex - Yen weaker ahead of BoJ consumer survey, thin trade
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - The Japanese yen weakened in early Asia on Thursday with a central bank survey on consumer views due later in the day and in overall thin trade in the region.
USD/JPY traded at 109.07, up 0.17%, while AUD/USD was nearly flat at 0.8735, up 0.02%.
Hong Kong and China markets remain shut on Thursday. Hong Kong will re-open on friday and mainland China on Oct. 8.
The Bank of Japan releases the fourth quarter survey on consumer sentiment and inflation expectations at 1330 Tokyo (0430 GMT).
In Australia, August trade balance and building approvals data are due at 1130 Sydney time (0130 GMT). The trade balance is expected to show the deficit narrowed to A$700 million in August compared with a deficit of A$1.4 billion in July, as exports fall is expected to be slower than fall in imports. For building approvals data, expectations are for a gain of 1.0%, a slower pace than the 2.5% increase in July.
Overnight, the dollar cooled its recent rally against most major currencies and traded mixed after data revealed U.S. factory floors may not be as bustling as markets once inspected.
The employment sub-index slowed to 54.6 from 58.1 in the previous month, while the new orders sub-index fell to 60.0 from 66.7.
At the same time, separate data revealed that U.S. construction spending fell 0.8% in August to an annual rate of $960.96 billion. Analysts were expecting a decline of only 0.5%, and the day's data gave a few investors room to sell the greenback for profits.
The dollar has posted noteworthy gains in recent sessions on sentiments U.S. monetary policy will tighten while Europe and Japan remain loose.
Elsewhere on Wednesday, data showed that the U.S. private sector added more jobs than expected in September, which gave the greenback some support.
Payrolls processor ADP reported that the U.S. private sector added 213,000 jobs last month, just ahead of expectations for jobs growth of 210,000. The economy created 202,000 jobs in August.
The report came ahead of Friday's government non-farm payrolls report, which includes both public and private sector employment. The government report was expected to show that the U.S. economy added more than 200,000 jobs for a sixth successive month in August.
The US dollar index, which tracks the performance of the greenback versus a basket of six other major currencies, fell 0.04% at 85.97.
On Thursday, the U.S. is to publish the weekly report on initial jobless claims as well as data on factory orders.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Dollar gives up gains on soft U.S. factory barometerOct 02, 2014, 01.15 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Dollar gives up gains on soft U.S. factory barometer
Dollar gives up gains on soft U.S. factory barometer
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dollar gives up gains on soft U.S. factory barometer
Dollar gives up gains on soft U.S. factory barometer
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - The dollar cooled its recent rally against most major currencies and traded mixed on Wednesday after data revealed U.S. factory floors may not be as bustling as markets once inspected.
In U.S. trading on Wednesday, EUR/USD was down 0.15% at 1.2611.
The dollar gave back gains against the euro and other currencies after the Institute of Supply Management reported that its manufacturing index fell to 56.6 in September from 59.0 in August. Economists had expected the index to decline less and come in at 58.5.
The employment sub-index slowed to 54.6 from 58.1 in the previous month, while the new orders sub-index fell to 60.0 from 66.7.
At the same time, separate data revealed that U.S. construction spending fell 0.8% in August to an annual rate of $960.96 billion. Analysts were expecting a decline of only 0.5%, and the day's data gave a few investors room to sell the greenback for profits.
The dollar has posted noteworthy gains in recent sessions on sentiments U.S. monetary policy will tighten while Europe and Japan remain loose.
Elsewhere on Wednesday, data showed that the U.S. private sector added more jobs than expected in September, which gave the greenback some support.
Payrolls processor ADP reported that the U.S. private sector added 213,000 jobs last month, just ahead of expectations for jobs growth of 210,000. The economy created 202,000 jobs in August.
The report came ahead of Friday's government nonfarm payrolls report, which includes both public and private sector employment. The government report was expected to show that the U.S. economy added more than 200,000 jobs for a sixth successive month in August.
The euro, however, remained in negative territory due to soft inflation numbers released earlier this week.
Eurostat, the statistics arm of the European Union, reported Tuesday that the euro area's annual inflation rate fell to a five-year low of 0.3% in September from 0.4% in August.
Core inflation, which strips out food, energy, alcohol and tobacco costs, came in at 0.7%, down from 0.9% in August.
Slumping consumer prices fueled market expectations for the European Central Bank to implement fresh stimulus measures to stave off deflationary threats after the bank unexpectedly cut rates to record lows last month.
A separate report released earlier this week revealed that the euro zone's unemployment rate was unchanged at 11.5% in August.
The dollar was down against the yen, with USD/JPY down 0.47% at 109.13, and up against the Swiss franc, with USD/CHF up 0.19% at 0.9568.
The greenback was up against the pound, with GBP/USD down 0.23% at 1.6176.
Markit research group reported earlier that its U.K. manufacturing purchasing managers' index fell to 51.6 in September from a 52.2 in August, whose figure was downwardly revised from a previously estimated reading of 52.5.
Analysts had expected the index to rise to 52.5, and the disappointing figure softened demand for sterling.
The dollar was mixed against its cousins in Canada, Australia and New Zealand, with USD/CAD down 0.21% at 1.1174, AUD/USD down 0.23% at 0.8728 and NZD/USD down 0.19% at 0.7794.
The dollar index, which tracks the performance of the greenback versus a basket of six other major currencies, was up 0.02% at 86.05.
On Thursday, the U.S. is to publish the weekly report on initial jobless claims as well as data on factory orders.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Analysis of the North American Off-Highway Vehicle (OHV) Telematics MarketAnalysis of the North American Off-Highway Vehicle (OHV) Telematics Market
Major car companies continue to see revivalMajor car companies continue to see revival
Manufacturing PMI slips to 9-month low in SeptemberManufacturing PMI slips to 9-month low in September
Swachchh Bharat Abhiyan kicks off today: 10 key factsSwachchh Bharat Abhiyan kicks off today: 10 key facts
Narendra Modi s US visit: A friendly stroll  if not a full embrace  with Barack ObamaNarendra Modi s US visit: A friendly stroll  if not a full embrace  with Barack Obama
PM launches Clean India campaignPM launches Clean India campaign
THE RAY RICE VIDEO FOR THE FINANCIAL SECTOR HAS ARRIVEDreddit
We always pretty much knew that our banking regulators were captured by the industry they regulate, and now we apparently have proof.
"The Ray Rice video for the financial sector has arrived," famous author and finance-explainer Michael Lewis declared on Friday morning. He was referring to a new report from ProPublica and This American Life about Carmen Segarra, a former New York Federal Reserve bank examiner who claims she was fired in 2012, after seven months on the job, for examining Goldman Sachs a little too aggressively.
It seems a safe bet, though, that this story won't have quite the same impact as the video of Ray Rice punching his wife unconscious in an elevator. And it may strike some as terrifically tone-deaf to compare the inner workings of banking to the horror of domestic violence. Still, Lewis's overall point holds: Here is the material proof of something we knew was happening all along.
Based on nearly 48 hours of secretly taped conversations among Fed officials and Goldman Sachs, the reports make a strong case that bank regulators are terrified of offending the banks they're regulating, exposing what Lewis calls their "breathtaking wussiness." This suggests that, despite the worst financial crisis since at least the Great Depression and financial reform that was supposed to put Wall Street on a shorter leash, regulators still bow to banks as much as they always have. That makes a future crisis seem even more likely, with banks still able to persuade regulators that they're not taking crazy risks.
The New York Fed, in a written response to ProPublica and This American Life, denied Segarra's accusations:
"The New York Fed categorically rejects the allegations being made about the integrity of its supervision of financial institutions," it wrote. It added that it would not comment further because it is still in court fighting a wrongful-termination suit by Segarra.
Goldman Sachs, in its own written response , fired a volley directly at Segarra, claiming she was mistaken about some key facts and cattily observing that she had applied for a job at Goldman three times before going to work for the New York Fed. Segarra told ProPublica she had actually applied at Goldman four times, but that she had also applied for jobs at a lot of other banks. Goldman Sachs spokesman David Wells did not immediately respond to a request for further comment.
The Huffington Post is still listening to the recordings and will update this story with more juicy details as we find them.
Still it's doubtful that the Segarra tapes will have anything near the impact of the Rice footage. The Rice video was not only far more visceral and easier to understand, but it touched a still-raw nerve in our national consciousness. Our feelings about Wall Street are a little cooler, the public image of banks has mostly been rehabilitated , and our concerns about bank regulation are minimal.
See you at the next crisis.
Update: Having listened to the recordings, or at least the ones curated by ProPublica and This American Life, we can confirm that they do indeed show New York Fed bank examiners being feckless and mush-mouthed and afraid when dealing with Goldman Sachs, at the very least.
There is no clear bombshell here -- just further evidence that not enough has changed in the cozy relationship between banks and regulators, and that the Fed should be far more transparent about that relationship.
More:

The Fracking Boom s Hidden ThreatFrac Sand Rush Threatens American Towns, Advocates Warn
Posted:
Updated:
10/05/2014  6:59 pm EDT
The Mississippi River flows by the Wisconsin Industrial Sand Co.'s Maiden Rock facility. Ariana Lindquist/Bloomberg via Getty Images | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
Victoria Trinko hasn't opened the windows of her Wisconsin home in two years -- for fear of the dust clouds billowing from a frac sand mine a half-mile away.
"This blowing of silica sand has not abated since the inception of the mine in 2011," Trinko, a farmer and the town clerk for Cooks Valley, Wisconsin, said during a media call on Thursday highlighting an industry proliferating alongside horizontal hydraulic fracturing, or fracking. Frac sand is an essential ingredient in the process of natural gas drilling.
Trinko is among residents, advocates and scientists warning of risks posed by the frac sand boom -- from heavy truck traffic and sleep-stymying lights and noise. At least one truck hauling silica sand travels a road by Trinko's home every three minutes. When HuffPost spoke with Trinko in 2012, she had just been diagnosed with asthma -- and her doctor suggested the condition was pollution-related.
The industry is concentrated in Wisconsin and Minnesota. Rising demand, however, threatens to expand frac sand mining into New York, Massachusetts and 10 other states, according to a report released Thursday by the Civil Society Institute's Boston Action Research, a human rights advocacy group, in partnership with the nonprofit Environmental Working Group and other environmental health advocates.
On top of the burgeoning rush for natural gas, the appetite for frac sand has been inflated by the recent discovery that using more sand per well increases fracking yields. An energy consulting firm estimated that fracking companies will blast nearly 95 billion pounds of frac sand into wells this year -- an increase of almost 30 percent over last year, exceeding predictions. The number of frac mines have more than doubled in the last decade, with Wisconsin and Minnesota now hosting a total of 164 active facilities, according to the advocacy report. An additional 20 mines have been proposed in the two states.
Deanna Schone of Glenwood City, Wisconsin, lives near one of the proposed frac sand mines . She told HuffPost that city council members had "made their intentions known" in early September that they will allow the mine to proceed in a location about a half-mile from both her home and her kids' school.
"We heard at the beginning that this was going to happen very quickly. That's very much what happened," said Schone, noting that most decisions seemed to have been made "under the table" before the public caught wind. In an effort to protect residents in regions not yet experienced with the frac sand boom, she offered some advice: "Talk to your local government. Do you have zoning? What are types of things that you could do to at least slow down the process?
"Once attorneys and big money are involved, it's an uphill battle," Schone added, as she stood outside her home and watched two young deer eating acorns off her kids' basketball court. "This is part of why we don't want to live in an industrial area."
An interactive map published with the new report shows that more than 58,000 people live within a half-mile of existing or permitted frac sand mining sites across a 33-county span in Minnesota and Wisconsin, as well as a small corner of Iowa. Twenty schools also fall within that half-mile range.
Rich Budinger, president of the Wisconsin Industrial Sand Association, highlighted his industry's own list of "facts about frac sand mining in Wisconsin," and offered a broad critique of the advocates' publication.
"The groups behind this report have a definite political and social agenda against sand mining, so their conclusions are not surprising," Budinger wrote in an email to HuffPost. "But their conclusions also fail to offer an accurate picture of sand mining in Wisconsin and the industry's major contributions to the state's communities and economy.
"There is no scientific evidence that ambient respirable crystalline silica that may be associated with sand mines poses a health risk," said Budinger, referring to the frac sand dust that tops advocates' concerns. He added that the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources and other regulators "require air permits and fugitive dust control plans, which limit emissions and off-site impacts from dust."
Crispin Pierce, a professor of environmental health at the University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire, has been studying these potential health impacts for the last five years. He offered a different take during the media call.
The state regulatory agency, Pierce explained, requires fewer than 10 percent of the 140 frac sand operations in Wisconsin to monitor their emissions -- and not the fine particulate matter and silica that he said are the "most dangerous components" of those emissions. Further, the state asks the companies to monitor themselves.
Of tests conducted by the industry and by the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency, none have detected levels of pollution that exceeded federal standards, Pierce said.
"To overstate the certainty that these issues are causing problems is to dilute their importance," said Pierce. But he  underscored "some real concerns," including "potential long-term exposures and increases in cardiovascular disease, premature death and lung cancer," as well as threats to water availability and quality.
A television station in Chippewa County, Wisconsin, reported last week that heavy rains had washed fine particles off a frac sand mine site and clouded a local waterway . Because state regulations for the mines are vague and "open to interpretation," mining companies can get away with the pollution, an engineer with the county suggested.
Illinois is among the most recent states facing a potential surge in strip-mining for frac sand. While its deposits remain largely untapped, that's changing fast, said Ashley Williams, a resident of Ottawa, Illinois.
She mentioned a battle HuffPost first covered in 2012 , which continues over Mississippi Sand's proposed mine near the entrance of Starved Rock State Park. The bluffs, canyons, waterfalls and wildlife found there entice more than 2 million visitors each year.
The 425-million-year-old rock formations also contain some of the nation's highest quality frac sand, which has drawn the mining companies. Environmental groups, with help from lawyers and students at the University of Chicago and Northwestern University, are fighting multiple mining permits around the state, including the one now held by Mississippi Sand.
"They're descending on our community like sand sharks," said Williams, "and it seems like there's no end in sight."
Also on HuffPost:

Softening of food inflation to help reach 6% target: GokarnLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Softening of food inflation to help reach 6% target: Gokarn
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Subir Gokarn, Director of Research, Brookings India, said Governor Rajan has maintained the consistency of his message of inflation being the top priority.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
The RBI Monetary Policy was on expected lines. The central bank has kept the key rates unchanged for the fourth consecutive time.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Subir Gokarn, Director of Research, Brookings India, said Governor Rajan has maintained the consistency of his message of inflation being the top priority.
There have been significant changes in inflation scenario on two accounts. One, the softening of oil prices in particular and commodities in general over the last few weeks and second being the food inflation, which has been a thorn in side for a very long time, Gokarn said.
He said the food prices have not responded as negatively to the monsoons as was expected. “So something is going on in the food economy that is helping to keep the prices in check,” he added.
Gokarn said the other major factor that has contributed to overall softening of food inflation is the open markets sales of rice and wheat by the government over the last 3 months, which has helped to dampen cereal prices.
He thinks a re-orientation of incentives, away from cereals, to other crops is required to continue with the current trend and feels this softening of food inflation will help reach the “6 percent by Januray 2016 target” by the RBI.
Below is the transcript of Subir Gokarn's interview with Ekta Batra & Anuj Singhal on CNBC-TV18.
Anuj: Your comments on the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) monetary policy and the language. Do you think it was status quo or would you say it was more hawkish or more dovish than the last policy? 
A: I never thought of this dovish, hawkish distinction being terribly important. The consistency with the message that has been sent out for the last several – certainly by Governor Rajan but also before that is that inflation is the primary objective of monetary policy; inflation management and inflation control and to the extent that inflation risks are still visible in the system, its policy has to respond to that and to keep that in mind in shaping both the current action and the guidance, whatever the guidance. 
Now we are seeing very significant change in the inflation scenario on two counts – (1) as a result of oil prices in particular but commodities in general having softened over the last few weeks and oil very dramatically in last few weeks and (2) food inflation which has been on the side for a long time, now seven or eight years, it has not responded as negatively to the monsoons as lot of people expected. So, something is going on the food economy that is helping to keep prices in check and the most significant factor there which has contributed to this is the open market sales of rice and wheat by the government over the last three months and that has helped to dampen cereal prices which has been contributed to an overall softening of food inflation.
The concern that the RBI has expressed and this is a widespread concern is the food inflation moderation may be temporary, it may spike back up again once the true picture is known and given that has been so persistent for so long that unless we see some structural responses to it becoming visible and starting to have an impact, it is little difficult to argue that the problem has been solved. So that has been the basis of the caution, the communication that inflation risk are still very much in play and while the 2015 target of 8 percent is now certainly within reach. The subsequent target of 6 percent is still subject to risk and given that scenario caution rather than taking a chance, taking a gamble on cutting rates now only to have to raise them again at some point in the next few months. That was the decision.
Ekta: In your personal capacity or in your sense how much of a risk is this 6 percent consumer price index (CPI) target. Do you think that it is possibly achievable by January 2016 easily?
A: I think it is contingent on the kinds of actions that are taken on food. Open market sales have had huge impact and will continue to have some impact on cereal prices. Therefore, keep in mind that rice prices were increasing at an average rate of about 16-17 percent over two years preceding May 2014 and after the announcement of sales that number has gone down to single digits – 5-6 region. So just a mere fact of sales, of open market sales from stocks has a significant impact on expectations and on market outcomes and that is important to keep in mind that’s why we have stocks, we need to be using them strategically to dampen inflation whenever the situation arises but it is not cereals that are causing problem, the other things like proteins, vegetables and there we need to see two things – one is reorientation of incentives and that is perhaps been addressed an issue in the context of rethinking FCI and the FCI model of procurement.
There is a committee that is looking into that set of issues. So how do we provide incentives to move for farmers to move away from producing cereals predominantly to something else and second, the larger issue that we been talking about for many years which is improving rural infrastructure whether it is irrigation or transportation or storage reducing waste which is a huge problem particularly in respect to commodities like vegetables where a lot of the price pressure comes from wastage. These are two structural issues which we need to see movement on over the next few months and if that happens then more structural softening of food inflation should begin and that makes the target that much more realistic.
Anuj: What is your sense, when can we expect first rate cut in the system because it looks like we will have to wait for the next fiscal and in fact yesterday we had one economist tell us that Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may have to hike rates going forward. What is your sense in terms of rates in the system now? 
A: I thought I had gotten away from making these kinds of predictions so I will not do that. I think the demand supply situation, the business cycle situation and this I thought was relatively clear message from the Governor, not so much in the statement but in one of the interviews I was looking at which basically said that the need to contain demand now is not very significant. 
Although there is a recovery going on we are in a relatively low growth situation even now and the pressure on inflation from the demand side is not that great particularly as the fiscal deficit starts to come under control. So, I think that side or that argument basically precludes the need to raise rates in order to contain inflation. 
Keeping the status quo therefore seems to be the most likely trajectory for the next few months perhaps but when rate cut will come, I don’t think there is any signal other than the statement that things are going to be data dependent and if the inflation trends for example, if oil prices were to fall even further the trajectory of CPI inflation would come down, if certain actions are taken on the agricultural policy front that might have a positive impact on food inflation. All of those things need to be seen and need to be seen not just to be seen but to be seen to be sustainable, to be permanent or somewhat long-lived in nature. That is really when the judgment on timing will be made.
Ekta: I wanted your thoughts on two data points that came out yesterday which was not from the RBI credit policy. One was the core sector data that came out for August which was above 5 percent, your thoughts on that and what that would possibly mean for the IIP trajectory as well as the GDP for Q2 and besides that we also had the fiscal deficit data which indicated around 75 percent is already exhausted for April to August. Would you be concerned that maybe that 4.1 percent fiscal deficit target might not be met?
A: I think this number seems to reinforce the general expectation that growth in FY14-FY15 will be between 5.5 and 6 percent. The finance ministry is talking about 5.7-5.9 percent, RBI is talking 5.5 percent. I don’t think there are too many people now who believe that it will be below 5.5 percent. 
So, the core sector consists of very important basic and intermediate goals. There is power, there is coal – coal is a separate issue, there is steel. These are indicative of some pickup in overall demand conditions and that suggests them that the early signs of a moderate recovery that we have seen over the last few months not withstanding the occasional blip in the IIP seem to be entrenching themselves. So, I would take that as another bit of evidence that the bottom was hit and the economy is coming out or recovering from that bottom. 
However, I would not read into this a structural change in the growth pattern. We have to be very careful to distinguish between the cyclical nature of the recovery which will take us towards 5.5 and 6 percent or thereabouts. The RBI is looking at 6.3 percent in FY15-FY16 but this is not an indication of a move to 7-7.5 or 8 percent. Those are transitions which will require a lot more policy action, speeding up of project clearances, more money into infrastructure. So, those are big issues. 
On the fiscal situation let us not forget that the big change between April-August and the next few months is going to be the price of crude oil. The big factor in the Subsidy Bill for several yeas has been oil, it is a problem on many fronts, it is a problem with inflation, it is a problem on the current account and the fiscal deficit. So if oil prices are moderated to the extent that this pattern persists we will see a significant reduction in the Subsidy Bill on fuel and on fertilisers directly. The pressure to increase procurement prices later on, on food grains will actually also ease somewhat. 
So, all things considered oil at USD 94-95 per barrel is a huge boon to not just the fiscal situation but also the overall macro economic situation compared to the scenario we had a few months ago when it was USD 105 plus. So, I don’t think we can project from April-August into the rest of the year because this is a huge positive change for the fiscal situation.
RELATED NEWS

Swiss SVME PMI falls to 17-month low in SeptemberOct 01, 2014, 01.10 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Swiss SVME PMI falls to 17-month low in September
Swiss SVME PMI falls to 17-month low in September
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Swiss SVME PMI falls to 17-month low in September
Swiss SVME PMI falls to 17-month low in September
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Manufacturing activity in Switzerland grew at the slowest rate in 17 months in September, industry data showed on Wednesday.
In a report, the Swiss SVME purchasing managers' association and Credit Suisse said that its purchasing managers' index declined to a seasonally adjusted 50.4 last month from a reading of 52.9 in August.
Analysts had expected the index to fall to 52.0 in September.
On the index, a reading above 50.0 indicates expansion, below indicates contraction.
USD/CHF was trading at 0.9560 from around 0.9562 ahead of the release of the data, while EUR/CHF was at 1.2060 from 1.2059 earlier.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Ex-Maharashtra Congress president Ranjit Deshmukh quitsComments
Former president of Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) Ranjeet Deshmukh on Wednesday resigned from the party alleging “poor functioning” of the organisation.
Deshmukh, who has served as the agriculture minister in the Vilasrao Deshmukh cabinet between 1999-2004, had also held other portfolios. He had held the position as state unit president of the party on two occasions.
Deshmukh sent the fax to the party leadership announcing his decision to quit as the member of the party.
Interestingly, Deshmukh’s younger son Ashish Deshmukh is contesting the October 15 Assembly elections on BJP ticket from Katol constituency against his uncle Anil Deshmukh, a senior NCP leader and the food and civil supplies minister in the now dissolved Democratic Front (DF) government.
Deshmukh’s another son Amol, a medical professional, is an NCP candidate from Ramtek constituency where he is pitted against Congress nominee and former Union minister for heavy industries Subodh Mohite.
Deshmukh had quit Congress three times in his career and returned to the party fold only last year. However, he was not much active in the party affairs on the health grounds.
Though he had cited “poor functioning” of the party as the reason to leave the party, sources said the party leadership has taken a dim view of his sons shifting their camps to the rivals of Congress in elections.

I learnt the importance of flight from Bishan'I learnt the importance of flight from Bishan'
1 month 26 days ago, ESPNcricinfo
Part six: Erapalli Prasanna talks about his partner in crime, Bishan Bedi
MORE TOP STORIES TODAY

Swachh Bharat campaign kicks off generating paper waste‘Swachh Bharat’ campaign kicks off generating paper waste
Our Bureau
PM to launch Clean India mission today
New Delhi, October 1:  
The ‘Swachh Bharat’ (Clean India) campaign, to be launched on Thursday by the Prime Minister, may start by generating reams of paper waste thanks to the numerous circulars sent out to officers.
These circulars include a letter from the Cabinet Secretary, followed by a note from the Secretary of the department concerned, and then the detailed action plan for the mission. Each officer has received six-seven pages of these circulars.
“Imagine, in the age of electronic communication, reams of paper have been used to inform officers. Now, as soon as the event is over, these papers will simply be thrown into the dustbin,” said an official.
Interestingly, all this information is also available on government websites.
For instance, the Revenue Department has uploaded nine pages on its official website, giving details to its officers and staff on the plan for October 2. All the officers and staff members will be administered a ‘Swachhta Shapath’ (oath for cleanliness) and everyone is to be present during the event and engage in the cleanliness drive.
If taking a pledge could have brought about a change, then corruption would have been a thing of the past, said another government official.
“Every year, during the vigilance awareness week, government officers and staff members take a oath not to be involved in any corrupt activity. This tradition has been going on for years, but corrupt practices are still going on,” he said, suggesting that there was a need to change the mindset through incentives and penalties instead.
Holiday plans go haywire
Babus are also irked that the cleanliness drive has thrown a spanner into their plans for the holidays during the extended weekend starting October 2.
“I booked air tickets two months ago to take advantage of the cheap fares. Now rescheduling is costing me almost double the amount that I paid earlier, forget the amount spent on hotel booking,” said another government official.
It may be noted that though October 2 is a national holiday, government officers and staff members are supposed to come into work for half a day. October 3 is Dussehra, followed by Saturday and Sunday, while Monday is again a holiday on account of Bakrid. The five-day holiday has now been reduced to four-and-half days.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

MNCs line up for a slice of Indias smart-city pieMNCs line up for a slice of India’s smart-city pie
Sangeetha Chengappa
Big money Industry estimates there is a $35-billion IoT opportunity in India, of which smart cities are an integral part. DAVOODA/SHUTTERSTOCK.COM
The Government’s thrust on connected cities is drawing interest from a host of companies
Bangalore, October 1:  
The buzz around smart cities created after the Modi Government announced an investment of $1.2 billion to create 100 smart cities in India has multinationals like Dassault Systemes, Philips, IBM, Cisco, Intel, Schneider Electric and Bosch lining up for a slice of the smart city pie.
With products and solutions ranging from connected lighting and connected networks to simulating smart cities and building management solutions, multinationals are eyeing a $35-billion IoT (Internet of Things) opportunity in India, of which smart cities are an integral part.
Harmonious systems
“Cities can be built at much lower costs if Governments invest in simulation technology. We can simulate and create physical cities along with digital cities in 3-D, which can be improved and experimented upon by the urban planning department to check whether all the elements of the city and its multiple systems work in harmony,” Chandan Chowdhury, MD – India, Dassault Systemes, told BusinessLine.
He said it would cost $2 million - $5 million to simulate a smart city environment for a city like Bangalore. Dassault has already done a smart city simulation pilot for Pondicherry city last year along with Power Grid Corporation of India.
Cisco has partnered with Electronics City Industries Association, Bangalore, to set up Asia’s first ‘Internet of Things Innovation Hub’ within a 5-km stretch.
Seventy software and hardware firms in Electronics City along and 50 start-ups will collectively work together, building on Cisco’s network infrastructure and expertise, to design and develop products, services and solutions for a Smart Connected City, to be ready in January-March 2015. “We are using our network infrastructure to deploy digitally-enabled transportation, healthcare, education, utilities, energy grid and real estate in cities. Electronics City will serve as a replicable model of a smart connected city for the rest of Bangalore, other cities in India, and other emerging markets in the world,” said Anil Menon, President, Smart+Connected Communities, and Deputy Chief Globalisation Officer, Cisco.
Intelligent outputs
Intel offers an array of smart city solutions such as intelligent transportation systems, digital security surveillance, modernisation of the public distribution system, interactive retail solutions with integrated analytics, mobile healthcare platforms, sensor-based environmental sensing platform, energy management, capital goods monitoring and factory automation. “Our intelligent transportation project has been deployed in Punjab, Uttar Pradesh and Gujarat,” said Satish Jadhav, Country Manager & IoT lead – Embedded Business, Intel South Asia.
Philips’ connected LED Lighting solution, that allows streetlights to be instantly connected to and controlled by a remote lighting management system, has been installed at Naya Raipur, one of India’s first few smart cities. “Philips foresees a future where lighting innovations connect seamlessly with smart controls, networks, devices and apps to improve lives,” said Sumit Joshi, Head – Marketing, Philips Lighting India. Frederick Fan, Network Connectivity, APAC region, Schneider Electric, said the company offers last mile network connectivity to buildings, from structured cabling to intelligent connectivity in all rooms. “Our key focus area is intelligent smart buildings and with the initiatives announced by the new Government, India shows the biggest potential for growth,” he said.
IBM has partnered with the Lodha Group to build and manage smart city infrastructure spanning 4,000 acres at the junction of Navi Mumbai and Dombivali. As a part of the project, IBM Intelligent Operations will serve as the backbone of city infrastructure and will centralise key city functions through real time monitoring and advanced analytics. Bosch has a digital platform of convergence which is capable of integrating audio, video, alarms, audit schemes and final projection to track traffic and secure workplaces, housing and other places of importance in a smart city. “Our smart city solutions centre around software engines where video solutions, access control, fire detection, communication products and analytics merge seamlessly and create intelligent output,” said Sudhir Tiku, Head – South Asia, Bosch Security Systems.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Ending WTO stalemate put on priority listE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Hong Kongs protests dont impress mainland Chinese visitorsHKDemoNow (@hkdemonow) October 01, 2014
Chinese authorities have kept a tight tight lid on news of the democracy movement that has brought tens of thousands into the streets of the semi-autonomous territory over the past week—protests are now in their fourth night with little sign of abating.
Chinese news outlets hew closely to Chinese state media’s editorial stance , describing the movement as “an illegal gathering…disrupting social order and harming Hong Kong’s economic livelihood.” What little mainland Chinese have gleaned about the protests comes from friends and relatives living across the border, or from more determined internet users that have found  ways around Chinese censors .
Perhaps because of that information blackout, Chinese visitors interviewed by Quartz said they couldn’t see why Hong Kong, a city that under the so-called “One country, two systems,” enjoys a free press, an independent judiciary, and a form of popular elections, would be the home of such mass discontent. “I don’t understand why protests have suddenly erupted. ‘One country, two systems’ isn’t so bad,” said a 26-year-old woman from Zhejiang, whose last name is Liu. Others suspected that students and the other mostly young protesters have been manipulated by local politicians, organizers, or foreign governments— accusations that Chinese state media have made.
Share
Tap image to zoom
A Chinese tourist walks past a sign in Tsim Sha Tsui that says, “True democracy for HK.”(Reuters/Tyrone Siu)
Also unimpressed are many mainland Chinese who live in Hong Kong and are aware of the issues angering locals, many of which are also problems in China—like prohibitively expensive housing, rising food and living costs, shrinking job opportunities. “I admire their courage… but I don’t support them. I hope Hong Kongers can get the democracy that they are demanding, but the protests have really caused Hong Kong losses,” says Xue Feng, 29, who moved to Hong Kong three years ago from Shandong province and now works in marketing.
And even those who support Hong Kong’s democracy activists doubt whether the movement’s methods will succeed. Katherine Cheung, 21, a psychology student at Hong Kong University, originally from Guangzhou, has been attending the protests and student boycott since early last week. She says she’s not sure that the protesters’ demands—the resignation of the current chief executive CY Leung and a restart of the electoral reform process—will really be met.
“I’m not sure what this will lead to. After a couple of days…nothing seems to be moving forward,” she says. “People are losing a sense of what they are doing. I don’t think boycotting is the best way to get what they want, but I don’t know another alternative.”
Tap image to zoom
Protesters occupy another shopping district in Hong Kong’s Causeway Bay.(Reuters/Bobby Yip)
Cheung is even more skeptical that civic activism like protests or boycotting classes or going on strike—the various  tactics used by Hong Kong’s activists —can cross over to the mainland. Almost two dozen people have been detained in mainland China for supporting and circulating information about the Hong Kong protests, several of them had shaved their heads to show support. “I think it’s not the right time in China. You cannot protest. The government is very different from Hong Kong’s,” Cheung says.
For the most part, many Chinese see the protests in Hong Kong as fundamentally a local concern, not theirs. The protesters also emhpasize that message. On Canton street, one demonstrator, speaking in Mandarin says to those passing by, “Please understand, this is a fight for Hong Kong people by Hong Kong people.” Another shouts in Cantonese, “Tonight, Canton Road is ours!” Liu from Zhejiang is worried whether the situation will be the same in other major shopping districts like Causeway Bay on the main Hong Kong island. She asks: “Can I still go to the shops there?”
Share this:

We expect markets such as India to more than double revenues: Ramesh TainwalaWe expect markets such as India to more than double revenues: Ramesh Tainwala
Viveat Susan Pinto | Mumbai Oct 02, 2014 12:48 AM IST
Six months ago, it was apparent to many that Samsonite’s Ramesh Tainwala, chief operating officer at that time, would eventually take over as the global head of the company. His elevation to the post of chief executive a month ago was an affirmation of this.
Tainwala, 55, joins a growing club of India-born chiefs of global giants in the fields of banking & finance, technology and consumer goods. In an interview with Viveat Susan Pinto, he talks about how he plans to increase the presence of the $2.5-billion (Rs 15,000-crore) company in emerging markets such as India and the investments he is making in e-commerce. Edited excerpts:
India’s contribution to Samsonite’s global revenues continues to be in single digits. Currently, your annual turnover in India is Rs 1,000 crore. How do you plan to increase this?
Globally, our vision for Samsonite is to double the turnover by 2020. India, along with other emerging markets, is expected to play a critical role in our drive to increase our turnover in the next five years. In fact, we are expecting markets such as India to more than double revenues, if we have to achieve our global target by 2020.
As a region, Asia already gives us 38 per cent of our revenue, in line with the Americas (North and South), which together contribute 38 per cent to our total top line. Europe accounts for the remaining 24 per cent. In the next few years, the scale will tilt further in Asia’s favour. We see revenues from Asia crossing the 40 per cent mark. Emerging markets such as China, India and Indonesia have natural buoyancy, allowing us to have ambitious targets for this region.
What steps will you take to double the turnover in India?
The clear challenge, or opportunity as I choose to call it, is to convince people to shift from unbranded to branded. The peculiarity of the market here is 80 per cent of it continues to be unbranded. The question is how to convince a consumer using unbranded products to make that decisive shift to branded luggage. How do you put it across to him that if he is spending a few rupees more on a Samsonite or American Tourister, he gets a good product, backed by a global after-sales service? This is something I am constantly talking to my team about, when I visit India. It is something we are giving significant attention to as well, with our products and price points.
For instance, the potential of American Tourister (a mass-market brand, with price points starting at Rs 3,200 a unit) was first discovered in India eight years ago. Since then, it has grown to become a significant contributor to the business here. Today, it gives us 80 per cent of our revenues in India, among the highest in markets where it is present.
How is e-commerce helping you in your attempt to increase business in India?
We do not view e-commerce as a threat. For us, it is an opportunity. This is because for a company such as ours, expanding beyond 150 cities is not cost-effective. E-commerce is a cost-effective platform and the reach we get as a result of this is enormous. We are also able to put up our entire catalogue online, which brick-and-mortar stores aren’t in a position to do. So, as far as I see, e-commerce is a win-win situation for us and we intend to harness its potential aggressively. We are spending $30 million (Rs 18-20 crore) on integrating offline and online retail, popularly called omni-channel retail. Currently, this is currently happening in a few markets in Asia and the US. It should be operational in India by next year.
Basically, we are giving consumers the option to click online (for our products). For this, they could either go to our website or any online marketplace we have tied up with and make their purchase. The delivery will happen anywhere, at any of our stores or at the consumer’s home. I see a paradigm shift in the purchase behaviour with this convenience, and I disagree that online is about discounting. That is a myth. Amazon, for instance, is offering our range without discounts.
Recently, you moved Latin America operations out of the Americas region. Why?
Because Latin America was bunched with North America, it wasn’t getting the attention it deserved. About four-five weeks ago, it was carved out as a separate region. That should give it the attention it deserves. We will look to push our presence aggressively in the markets there.
You are also launching American Tourister in Europe. Do you see demand for a value brand there?
Yes. Consumers are changing and those in Europe are looking at a price-value equation as much a buyer in Asia. As a leading player in the space, we have to be at the fore of identifying these trends.

Oct 2 is not the only bank holiday this monthTerms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

India to seek America s help in hunt for Dawood IbrahimIndia to seek US help in hunt for Dawood Ibrahim
Harinder Baweja , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 02, 2014
First Published: 00:51 IST(2/10/2014) | Last Updated: 09:40 IST(2/10/2014)
The inclusion of underworld don and terror mastermind Dawood Ibrahim in an Indo-US joint statement for the first time was at the instance of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in consultations with national security adviser AK Doval, sources have told HT.
File photo of underworld don Dawood Ibrahim
The statement released in Washington Tuesday after the PM’s meeting with US President Barack Obama talked about cooperation in fighting terror and criminal networks.
“India is likely to seek America’s help to secure Dawood’s extradition as the next step to the joint statement," an official told HT.
Read: All efforts on to arrest Dawood: Rajnath Singh
 
Wanted in the 1993 Mumbai blasts that killed 250 people, Dawood is believed to be living in Pakistan under the patronage of the country’s dreaded spy agency the ISI.
“The leaders stressed the need for joint and concerted efforts, including the dismantling of safe havens for terrorist and criminal networks, to disrupt all financial and tactical support for networks such as al Qaeda, Lashkar-e-Taiba, Jaish-e-Mohammad, the D-company, and the Haqqanis,” the statement said. The D-company is a reference often used to describe India’s most wanted criminal’s widespread network of illegal activities.
Doval, who has stayed back in the US to discuss terrorism and security, is likely to bring up Dawood with his American counterparts.
As the head of the Intelligence Bureau, Doval worked hard to bring Dawood to justice and the agency had even taken the help of a rival gang headed by Chhota Rajan. Dawood is spoken of as the “Indian Osama bin Laden” in India’s intelligence and strategic circles.
Read: Pak minister criticises Modi's remarks on Dawood
“The mention of D-company in the statement was a well thought-out plan that had been actioned before Modi reached America," another official familiar with the development said. The US, which went along with India’s suggestion, had in 2003 named Dawood a global terrorist for his links with the Lashkar and al Qaeda. India, it is learnt, also shared with the US the proof of Dawood’s presence in Pakistan.
The extradition of the don, who was Tuesday declared a proclaimed offender by the Delhi high court in the IPL spot-fixing case, has been high on the PM’s agenda.
In an interview to a Gujarati news channel in the run-up to the Lok Sabha elections, Modi had said he would want to bring Dawood back to India if voted to power. Getting the US on board is being seen as a significant step. “We hope to be able to track his movements and get him to face trial in India," an official said.

India vs Pakistan: Much more than Asian Games hockey gold41
2
I can't wait. I have had so many calls from hockey players around the world just wanting to see this game. Traditionally whenever we as players and coaches attended hockey tournaments, this was the game we all wanted to see. India vs Pakistan is the real magic of hockey.
There is so much at stake here. Pakistan is desperately trying to rebuild its hockey infrastructure. Winning this would give it time and a significant boost to the government providing money to help with its great game. They can't afford to lose; it would set them back.
Pakistan has a very experienced team and know how to win. With all their problems at home, they are in the final and deserve to be there. Age is not on their side, although they have experience; and with 7 players over 150 caps, three of them over 200, it may help with coping with pressure that comes with this final.
Image credit: Getty Images
#asian games 2014 #incheon 2014 #india vs pakistan #india
Shakeel Abbasi is a proven world class player and at his best could be the decider. Same with Muhammad Waqas, also a world class match winner, tough to stop.
In contrast, India is a well-balanced team with most of the players with around or just over 100 caps and it's on average a younger team. With very mixed results over the last year and still struggling to define who they are as a team, they also know there's a lot at stake. Read this: an entry ticket to the 2016 Olympic Games. An unhappy Sports Authority of India questioning all the money being spent: why do we pay all these foreign coaches so much? What if they don't win? An Asiad gold + Olympics qualification = answers.
The pressure will bring out in each team either the best or the worst. Who will at the end stand and be proud to wear the gold medal, getting with it a ticket to Rio and all the spoils their country will give them if they win?
This is more than a game, a defining moment of two great hockey nations asking questions of themselves.
480

Express 5: Waiting for toilets since 2008  Mary KomscomebackWe recommend you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 8:42 am | Updated: October 2, 2014 8:47 am
We recommend you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
1. Waited long enough
In Sirsa district there are 334 villages out of which 283 villages won Nirmal Gram Puraskar and were declared open-defecation-free in 2008. However, the district awaits the funds for toilets.
Read: Former ‘swachhata doot’ waits for a toilet in ‘open-defecation-free’ district
2. Riot accused felicitated
The BJP will felicitate 63 party workers who were jailed after the July 4 street violence in Moradabad, in which the then district magistrate was badly injured.
Read: In Muzaffarnagar rerun, BJP to felicitate Moradabad riot accused
3. A comeback
The 31-year-old from Manipur used her wealth of experience to neutralise the youthfulness of her opponent and clinch the gold medal in the women’s flyweight category at the Asian Games.

http://usat.ly/10lUOecFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Chevrolet Corvette Z06 becomes GM's fastest car ever
General Motors is claiming supercar-like performance for its new 2015 Chevrolet Corvette Z06, including the ability to blaze from zero to 60 miles per hour in less than three seconds. Indeed, that puts in the
Post to Facebook
Chevrolet Corvette Z06 becomes GM's fastest car ever General Motors is claiming supercar-like performance for its new 2015 Chevrolet Corvette Z06, including the ability to blaze from zero to 60 miles per hour in less than three seconds. Indeed, that puts in the Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vyM3sS
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
36
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Chevrolet Corvette Z06 becomes GM's fastest car ever
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 9:29 p.m. EDT October 1, 2014
The 2015 Corvette Z06, which GM product chief Mark Reuss has called "the Big Nasty," will deliver sophisticated aerodynamic downforce and at least 625 hp. from a new supercharged V-8. 
(Photo: GM)
The 2015 Corvette Z06 coupe. 
(Photo: Drew/Chevrolet)
The 2015 Corvette Z06 coupe. 
(Photo: GM)
The 2015 Corvette Z06's optional Z07 package adds a larger winglets to the carbon front splitter, along with an adjustable, see-through center section on the rear spoiler for track use. 
(Photo: Drew/Chevrolet)
The 2015 Corvette Z06 coupe with optional Z07 package spoiler spoiler. 
(Photo: Drew/Chevrolet)
The 2015 Corvette Z06 convertible interior. 
(Photo: GM)
The 2015 Corvette Z06 convertible interior 
(Photo: GM)
The 2015 Corvette Z06's supercahrged V-8 will deliver 625 hp and  0-60 acceleration in under 3.5 seconds, says Chevy. 
(Photo: GM)
The 2015 Chevrolet Corvette Z06 Convertible. 
(Photo: Dan Wang, GM)
The 2015 Chevrolet Corvette Z06 convertible. 
(Photo: Dan Wang, GM)
The 2015 Chevrolet Corvette Z06 Convertible. 
(Photo: Mike Finkelstein, GM)
The 2015 Chevrolet Corvette Z06 convertible. 
(Photo: Mike Finkelstein, GM)
The 2015 Chevrolet Corvette Z06 convertible. 
(Photo: Nico Sforza, GM)
The 2015 Corvette lineup includes the Stingray coupe and convertible, delivering up to 460 hp and 29 mpg, and the Z06 coupe and convertible, which deliver at least 625 hp and 635 lb-ft of torque. 
(Photo: Richard Prince, GM)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

LIVE: Broom in hand  PM Modi launches Clean India campaignComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday launched his first major social campaign since assuming office, one for a filth-free India or Swachh Bharat, sweeping up dirt on the road outside Valmiki Sadan, a colony of neglected sanitation workers.
Seeking to set an example by working the broom on Mahatma Gandhi’s 145th birthday, Modi called upon every Indian to realise Gandhi’s dream of clean surroundings and brought a fading Gandhian ideal back into public imagination.
“We all have a solemn duty…which is to clean up the blot of grime on Mother India. Gandhiji gave us freedom, but we are yet to be free from filth and dirt. Don’t look at this just as a government initiative,” Modi said, appealing to citizens to undo India’s reputation of poor public hygiene.
Read: Swachh Bharat: Mumbai students wield brooms, clean up school campus
Wielding the broom, Modi launched the Clean India mission, saying it is beyond politics and inspired by patriotism.
Debunking criticism that his government has been taking credit for every achievement, the prime minister acknowledged the efforts of all previous governments to make India clean. 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi sweeps a street in a residential colony in New Delhi. (AFP photo)
 Read: Swachh Bharat Abhiyan launched in Punjab, Haryana on Gandhi Jayanti
"I am not talking politics...this is beyond politics.This is inspired my patriotism not politcs. We do not have to do with an eye on politics.
I say that with a clean heart... If we paint this again with a brush of politics, we will again do a disservice to Mother India," he said.
"All the governments in this country have made one or the other effort to do this work. Several political, social and cultural organizations have made efforts in this direction. I salute all those, who have worked," Modi said in his address at his next stop Rajpath. At Rajpath, the capital’s grand vista, Modi administered a public oath on cleanliness to schoolchildren, with actor Aamir Khan by his side to endorse the Swachh Bharat campaign.
Modi paid tributes at Rajghat to Gandhi and at Vijay Ghat to Lal Bahadur Shashtri – the former PM was born on Oct 2 – before reaching Valmiki Sadan.
 
The stop at the swarming housing estate of Valmikis, a Dalit group and erstwhile “untouchables”, was symbolic. By launching his campaign from this neglected landmark, Modi nudged the public for a change in social attitudes.
After a brief prayer inside the Valmiki temple, he spent some time inside a one-room hutment which was once Mahtama Gandhi’s temporary home.
He then interacted with dozens of schoolgirls, who queued up to get their caps autographed by Modi. “He is the first PM to clean roads. Nobody would do this before,” said Geeta Rawat, a student of NP Girls’ School.
The Rs. 62,000 crore Swachh Bharat Abhyan,  India's biggest cleanliness drive, will cover over 4000 towns in the next five years.
Administering the cleanliness  pledge, along with ministers Venkaiah Naidu and Nitin Gadkari and film actor Aamir Khan, he said that this task is not the responsibility only of sanitation workers  or the government but of all the 125 crore Indians.
"If we can reach Mars, we can clean India," the PM said.
 
He also said that the campaign should not be seen as a mere photo opportunity.
 
The prime minister said that he is aware that the criticism of this programme will begin in just a few days  and that he is confident his countrymen would not let him down.
Read: Jharkhand will pose biggest challenge for Modi’s Swachh Bharat
The prime minister countered Congress criticism that his government behaves as if everything happened only after he came to power. "I do not make any claim that the government, which has been elected to power just now, has done everything."
Congress has been attacking Modi accusing him of taking credit of initiatives undertaken by the UPA regimes and trying to give an impression that every good work was done only by him.
 
Recalling that he had congratulated all governments even from the ramparts of Red Fort, Modi said,"even today from this stage, I greet and salute all the governments--central, state and municipal, social organizations which have worked in this direction, whether they are leaders from Sarvodaya or workers of Seva Dal. I launch this programme with their blessings."
 
Maintaining that everybody deserved kudos, the prime minister urged everyone not to make political barbs on the issue.
 
Watch: If we can reach Mars, we can clean India: Modi
"Everybody before us has worked for it. Under Mahatma Gandhi's leadership, the Congress had led it...Who was successful, who was not. Let us not get into it who has done it, who has not. We should work responsibly," he said. 
Read: India's 'toilet guru' works to flush away open defecation
PM Modi's 'Swachh Bharat Challenge'
In his bid to make 'Swachh Bharat'a people's movement, Modi  initiated a chain by inviting nine eminent personalities including cricket icon Sachin Tendulkar and several actors to spread awareness on cleanliness.
 
The PM appeared inspired by the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge, which had gone viral in recent months, as he asked the celebrities to nominate nine more people to join the campaign and hoped that the chain would continue.
 
Among those nominated by the PM are film actors Salman Khan, Priyanka Chopra and Kamal Hassan, industrialist Anil Ambani, Goa Governor Mridula Sinha and Congress leader Shashi Tharoor, yoga guru Ramdev and the team of TV serial "Tarak Mehta Ka Ulta Chashma".
During his Independence Day speech, Modi had called for a cleaner India by October 2, 2019, in time for Gandhi’s 150th birth anniversary.
 

Live: Modi picks up the broom  kickstarts his Clean Up India campaign5
0
As the nation celebrates Mahatma Gandhi's 150th birth anniversary, the PM will kickstart his 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan' today.
Live coverage
(Content below is refreshed only when page is reloaded.)
10:12 am: 
10:08 am: Apart from students, several people from the business community and volunteers are taking part in the walkathon
10:05 am: PM Modi flags off the Clean India walkathon at the Rajpath
10:02 am: PM Modi ends his speech by wishing the nation on Gandhi Jayanti
10:00 am: PM Modi reads out the pledge of Swachh Bharat Campaign, asks people to start cleaning their vicinity to begin with
9:58 am: Aamir Khan also shares the stage with PM Modi to start the clean up india campaign
9:57 am: Once again, I urge people to take part in the movement: PM Modi
9:55 am: Discipline from people is the key to the success of this campaign: PM Modi
9:54 am: Neither will i litter, nor will i let anyone litter, should be our aim: PM Modi
9:52 am: I want these 9 people to start this and then ask 9 other people to join the change. Adding people like this to the campaign will lead to involvement of people: PM Modi
9:51 am: These 9 people include, Mridula Sinha, Sushma Swaraj, Shashi Tharoor, Salman Khan, Sachin Tendulkar, Tarak Mehta ka ultah Chashma, yoga guru ramdev, Kamal Haasan, Priyanka Chopra: PM Modi
9:47 am: I have started a social media campaign where i have asked 9 people to come forth and contribute in cleaning India and upload its video: PM Modi
9:46 am: We need to engage the common man in this initiative to get optimum results: PM Modi
9:45 am: It’s a very difficult task, but we have time till 2019 when we celebrate Mahatma Gandhi’s 150th birthday: PM Modi
9:44 am: This movement should be kept away from politics. This campaign does not have to focus on which government initiated it: PM Modi
9:43 am: We will run clean india campaign through social media also. We need to honour the people who are contributing in this initiative: PM Modi
9:41 am: I come here with the assurance that we keep India clean. It is our responsibility: PM Modi
9:41 am: Is cleaning only the responsibility of the Karamcharis? Do citizens have no role in this? We have to change this mindset: PM Modi
9:40 am: It is not an issue which can just be addressed through a campaign, this has to be made a national movement. This includes changing the old habits of the people: PM Modi
9:39 am: It is our responsibility to keep our country clean. Why do we not pick up a paper if we see it littered: PM Modi
9:38 am: I want to thank all government and people who have contributed in the Clean India movement. I never said that the newly elected is the only government that is leading the drive. Earlier governments too have worked for it. My heartfelt appreciation for all: PM Modi
9:36 am: Mahatma Gandhi gave us the message of quit India, clean India. This is not just a logo, Gandhi ji is watching us. His dream is unfulfilled, we must respect his wishes: Modi
9:35 am: We need to take up steps to ensure a clean India: PM Modi
9:35 am: PM Modi addresses the nation, launches the Clean India campaign
9:11 am: PM Modi has reached the Rajpath where he will officially launch the campaign and address the nation
9:02 am: 
8:50 am: Modi picks up the broom, kickstarts his Clean Up India campaign
8:47 am: 
8:35 am: PM Modi reaches the Valmiki temple in the locality
8:33 am: Pm Modi welcomed by children at the Valmiki Basti from where he will kickstart his project
8:22 am: PM makes surprise visit to Mandir Marg Police Station in Delhi
8:16 am: 
8:15 am: 
8:12 am: PM Modi reaches Valmiki Basti to start his Clean India campaign
8:10 am: He will also lead a walkathon from the Rajpath-Rafi Marg crossing and then pass through Sunehri Masjid Road, Krishna Menon Marg, R/A Gole Methi, Tees January Marg, Gandhi Smriti roundabout, Claridges Hotel roundabout, Q-point, Aurangzeb Road, Shahjahan Road and terminate at Children's Park, India Gate.
8:10 am: Approximately 5,000 school children are expected to participate in the event to launch the cleanliness drive. The programme shall also be attended by government officers, diplomats and expats, representatives of corporate houses and Chamber of Commerce, faculty and students of universities/colleges etc.
8:03 am: The PM's campaign finds a common cause with CNN IBN's 'Clean Up India' initiative.
8:01 am: The PM's 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan' focuses on sanitation, hygiene, and waste management
8:00 am: As the nation celebrates Mahatma Gandhi's birth anniversary, the PM will kickstart his 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan' today
2

HK newlyweds get snaps with democracy protestersHK newlyweds get snaps with democracy protesters
Obama  Netanyahu discuss Gaza  IS group at W.HouseObama  Netanyahu discuss Gaza  IS group at W.House
PM Modi launches  Swachh Bharat  campaignHighlights: PM Modi launches 'Swachh Bharat' campaign
BS Web Team | Mumbai Oct 02, 2014 09:46 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday launched the 'Swachh Bharat' (Clean India) campaign by wielding a broom at Valmiki Basti in New Delhi, home to a lower caste that has traditionally been employed in janitorial and scavenging work.
Modi chose the Valmiki colony in Delhi's heart -- a place once home to Mahatma Gandhi -- and cleaned a small area for a minute, in the company of party colleagues and officials. He also interacted with 'safai karamcharis' (janitors) there. 
Earlier, he visited Rajghat, Mahatma Gandhi's memorial, and asked Indians to help build a nation that fulfils the dream of the father of the nation.
 
He later addressed the nation, calling for a national movement to improve cleanliness and hygiene levels in the country. Here are the key highlights from his speech. 
I bow to Mahatma Gandhi on his birth anniversary.
Gandhiji's thoughts and beliefs remain a great inspiration for us. Let us dedicate ourselves to building the India of Gandhiji's dreams
We gained freedom under the leadership of Gandhiji, but his dream of clean India is still unfulfilled: 
We gained freedom under the leadership of Gandhiji but his dream of clean India is still unfulfilled.
This is a campaign for 1.2 billion people. It is not just the job of sanitation workers to keep the country clean. Is it not our responsibility of 1.2 bn citizens as well? WIll we just go on blaming the sanitation workers?
When we see littering, why don't we feel the urge to clean it up? 
This change is not going to happen through a publicity campaign only because old habits are hard to change. But we have time till 2019, when we celebrated Mahatma Gandhi's 150th brith anniversary. 
This has to become a people's movement.
If we can send a satellite to Mars, can't we at least keep our neighbourhoods clean? 
I have come prepared to face any criticism over this programme. 
I am urging people to use social media to further this mission. Upload pics of garbage and how you clean it. 
Let this be an mission to inspire others. this should not become a campaign to point fingers at each other, it must be above politics.
If this becomes just another photo-op, it will be a disservice to India.
This campaign is for 1.2 billion people, I will say this 1.2 billion times
This is not just the work of the government or ministers or social service organisations -- this is a job for the common public; the more people we can get to join this mission, the more benefit we will see. 
WHO says poor sanitation costs an average Indian about Rs 6,500 annually because of health costs and lost income because of illness induced by poor hygiene. We can save about Rs 6,000 crore if we can keep India clean.  
Quit India was successful as the entire country was a part of that movement. Clean India will be successful if 1.2 billion become part of it. 
Don't trust me or my government, trust the ideals of Mahatma Gandhi, trust his dream of a clean India. 
It should be our responsibility not just to litter but equally to prevent it.
When Indians go abroad, they marvel at their cleanliness, but do we see the people there throw litter or spit paan (betel) juice on the streets? That is the secret of cleanliness -- the mindset of the people. 
Other governments before this, as well as other organisations and individuals have taken steps to clean India. Today, I would to applaud them for their efforts. 
This has to be a collective responsibility, we should not judge it by who has done what, how successfuly who was etc. If we get into nit-picking the past, this will not work. 
I have invited 9 people to join me, they should pick another nine and this should go on: PM Modi. Nine people include Mridula Sinha, Sachin Tendulkar, Shashi Tharoor, Kamal Haasan, Priyanka Chopra, Anil Ambani, Salman Khan, and the team of Tarak Mehta Ka Oolta Chashma
Constructing more toilets is extremely important. I feel pained when the women of India have to go in the open to relieve themselves. 
At the end of the address, Modi invited film actor Aamir Khan to join him on stage while he led the assembly in a pledge to volunteer at least two hours towards keeping their environs clean. 

India  US state explore cooperation in science  cyber securityIndia  US state explore cooperation in science  cyber security
LIVE: Broom in hand  Modi to launch Clean India campaignLIVE: Broom in hand  Modi to launch Clean India campaign
Arvind Kejriwal participates in  Swachh Bharat AbhiyanArvind Kejriwal participates in  Swachh Bharat Abhiyan
Rupee falls  sees worst month since Aug 2013Forex update: Rupee falls, sees worst month since August 2013
Mumbai Treasury Team     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 18:42 IST
Photo: Reuters
The rupee fell on Monday, posting its worst month since the record low levels of August 2013, as the dollar continued to strengthen against emerging market currencies over growing bets for an early hike in U.S. interest rates.
The rupee fell around 2.1 percent in September, the most since a fall of 8.8 percent in August last year, when the currency was in the midst of the worst market turmoil since the balance of payment crisis of 1991.
Gains earlier in the year have stalled, with the rupee falling around 2.64 percent in the July-September quarter, around growing worries that improving U.S. economic data would allow the Federal Reserve to start raising interest rates.
That has trumped the outlook for domestic interest rates given the Reserve Bank of India on Tuesday kept the repo rate unchanged and sent a strong signal that it will refrain from easing until it is confident that consumer inflation can be reduced to 6 percent by January 2016.
"The dollar has been gaining, with the yen and euro both struggling against it," said Manis Thanawala, director at Greenback Forex, a currency risk advisory firm in Mumbai.
"Also, there were half-yearly corporate payments and position squaring by banks. Traders wanted to stay light before the holidays."
The partially convertible rupee ended at 61.7450/61.7550 per dollar compared with Monday's close of 61.53/54.
The rupee hit an intra-day low of 61.83, a level last seen on March 5 after the euro fell below 1.26 against the dollar.
The weakening rupee comes as the dollar gained more than 7 percent against a basket of major currencies over the past three months and was poised to finish the month with its best quarterly gain in six years.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 62.09/19, while the three-month was at 62.72/82.
(Reuters)

 Maruti Suzuki Posts 9.8% Rise in Domestic SalesYou are here: Home Corporates
Maruti Suzuki September Sales up 4.6 Per Cent
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 01, 2014 13:05 (IST)
Royal Enfield on Expansion Mode, to Set Up Third Plant
The country's largest carmaker Maruti Suzuki India today reported 4.6 per cent increase in its total sales in September 2014 at 1,09,742 units as against 1,04,964 units in the same month previous year.
Domestic sales during the month stood at 99,290 units, up 9.8 per cent from 90,399 units in September previous year, Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) said in a statement.
Sales of mini passenger cars, including Alto, A-Star and WagonR were down 13.4 per cent at 35,547 units as against 41,061 units in the same month previous year.
Maruti said during the month, sales of its compact cars, comprising Swift, Estilo, Celerio, Ritz and Dzire were at 43,304 units as against 36,679 units in the year-ago month, up 18.1 per cent.
Dzire Tour sales were at 1,221 units as against 857 units in September last year, up 42.5 per cent.
During the month, the company said it dispatched 1,375 units of the soon-to-be-launched sedan Ciaz.
The company's sales of utility vehicles, including Ertiga and Gypsy were at 5,980 units as against 2,657 units, up 125.1 per cent.
Van sales, consisting of Omni and Eeco, were at 11,863 units as compared to 8,767 units in the previous year, up 35.3 per cent, it said.
Exports in September were down 28.2 per cent to 10,452 units from 14,565 units in the same month previous year, the company said.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 13:01 (IST)

 Tata Motors Says Sales Down 8% Last MonthYou are here: Home Corporates
Tata Motors Sales Fall 8% in September
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 01, 2014 19:49 (IST)
Royal Enfield on Expansion Mode, to Set Up Third Plant
Tata Motors reported 8.47 per cent decline in total sales at 46,118 units in September 2014 as against 50,387 units in the same month last year.
Domestic sales of Tata commercial and passenger vehicles were down 11 per cent during the month at 40,874 units as against 45,958 units in September last year, Tata Motors said in a statement.
Sales of passenger vehicles in the domestic market in September stood at 11,931 units, down 7 per cent from 12,839 units in the same month last year.
In the commercial vehicles segment, domestic sales declined by 12.6 per cent to 28,943 units during the month from 33,119 units in September last year. Exports during the month as stood at 5,244 units as against 4,429 units in the year-ago month, up 18 per cent.
 

 TVS Motor Monthly Sales Increase 27%You are here: Home Corporates
TVS Motor Posts 27 Per Cent Increase in September Sales
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 01, 2014 19:36 (IST)
New Delhi: Chennai-based TVS Motor Company on Wednesday reported a 27 per cent increase in total sales at 250,835 units in September 2014.
The company had sold 197,409 units in the same month last year, it said in a statement.
Total two-wheeler sales increased 28 per cent to 241,668 units in September 2014 as against 189,609 units in the same month a year ago.
Domestic two-wheeler sales stood at 217,447 units last month, up 29 per cent from 168,598 units in the year-ago period, it added.
Scooter sales during the month grew 63 per cent to 70,508 units in September 2014 as against 43,201 units in the corresponding month last year.
Motorcycles sales grew 18 per cent to 98,052 units last month as compared to 83,043 units in the corresponding month a year earlier.
During the month, sales of three-wheelers grew 18 per cent to 9,167 units as against 7,800 units in August 2013.
Exports grew 15 per cent to 31,616 units in the period under review as compared to 27,577 units in September 2013.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 18:37 (IST)

Paytm plans to raise around $200 millionPaytm plans to raise around $200 million
Priyanka Pani
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 1:  
Mobile marketplace and mobile & DTH recharge platform Paytm plans to raise around $200 million in another three months.
Paytm, owned by Noida-based mobile Internet company One97, has so far raised $ 28 million from SAIF Partners, Intel Capital and Silicon Valley Bank.
Vijay Shekhar Sharma, founder of One97, said that the company has appointed investment banker Goldman Sachs for the same. Existing investors, including a few new ones, will participate in the new round of funding, he added.
Paytm that started off as an online mobile and DTH recharge site, has off late been focusing on being a mobile commerce company and as a digital wallet service provider. It has over one million items from around 700 vendors across men, women, kids fashion and home furnishing categories.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Brokers wide off target as FMCG companies spring a surpriseYou are here: Home > Collections > Britannia
Brokers wide off target as FMCG companies spring a surprise
Biswajit Baruah, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 01.08AM IST
Tags:
Britannia
(In the FMCG space, Britannia…)
MUMBAI: Stocks of most consumer companies have outperformed the BSE Sensex in the September quarter, compelling several institutional investors to review their 'Underweight' or 'Sell' stance on the sector.
For instance, shares of Britannia, Emami, Nestle and Godrej Consumers have rallied up to 38% during the quarter.
Besides, many consumer companies are trading at a premium to their average P/E multiple of the past five years, as smart investors are paying higher premium to consumer stocks for their earnings visibility, steady cash flows, higher return ratios, strong balance sheets, and relatively low government intervention, say analysts.
"We are 'Neutral' on FMCG space, though companies with MNC background have performed exceedingly well. Investors were attracted by FMCG companies as many of them enjoy higher return on assets (RoE), stronger cash flows, quality management, and better corporate governance," said Sampath Reddy, chief investment officer at Bajaj Allianz. "In addition, investors have realised that a shift to the FMCG space is a better bet than cyclical stocks, as there is still some time away for the economic recovery to pick up."
The BSE FMCG Index has risen nearly 14% in the past three months, outperforming the Sensex, which gained 4.8% during the same period. In the FMCG space, Britannia rallied the most during this period with gains of 38.8%, followed by Emami with 35.6% gains and Nestle with 25.3% gains.
"We have upgraded our stance on the FMCG space to 'Marketweight' from 'Underweight', as consumer sentiment has turned positive. With the festive season coming and monsoon only 12% below average, the demand is expected to remain buoyant," said Nirakar Pradhan, chief investment officer, Future Generali.
FMCG companies such as Hindustan Unilever, Britannia and Godrej Consumers are trading at expensive valuations, as most of them have P/E multiple valuation of over 40 times based on trailing 12-months earnings.
Analysts expect improved consumption growth, easing input costs, and benign competition in the FMCG sector over the next 12 months, which is expected to boost revenue and margins.
"We believe that valuations of consumer companies are rich, and the risk-reward ratio is still not attractive. However, we are positively biased towards discretionary names like Jubilant Food and Titan, which are wellpositioned to benefit from recovery in urban demand, while among staples, we prefer ITC, Marico, and Britannia," said Varun Lohchab, an analyst with CIMB .
Premium consumer products, which account for about 28% of the industry's revenues, are expected see revival with rise in urban demand, thus aiding margins for FMCG companies.
The likely beneficiaries, according to analysts, will be companies operating in categories like personal care, detergents and biscuits.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Report IDs  Weaknesses  at Nuclear Weapons LabAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Jet Airways  SpiceJet fly over 4% on steep ATF cutJet Airways, SpiceJet fly over 4% on steep ATF price cut
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 1, 2014, 09.37AM IST
Tags:
Insurability
(The price of aviation turbine…)
NEW DELHI: Airline stocks such as Jet Airways, SpiceJet rose over 4 per cent in trade on Wednesday after state-run oil marketing companies revised jet fuel ( ATF) prices by a steep 3 per cent on the back of falling international oil rates.
The price of aviation turbine fuel (ATF), or jet fuel, at Delhi was cut by Rs 2,077.62 per kilolitre, or 2.98 per cent, to Rs 67,525.63 per kl, the nation's largest fuel retailer said.
Reacting to the news Jet Airways rose as much as 4.7 per cent, while SpiceJet gained 5.7 per cent in trade today.
At 09:25 a.m.; Jet Airways was trading 3 per cent higher at Rs 215.10. It hit a low of Rs 213.95 and a high of Rs 218 in trade today.
SpiceJet was trading 4 per cent higher at Rs 12.82. It hit a low of Rs 13.01 and a low of Rs 12.70 in trade today.
Jet fuel constitutes over 40 per cent of an airline's operating costs and the price cut will ease the financial burden of cash-strapped carriers.
This is the third reduction in jet fuel rates since July. Declining international oil prices have made imports cheaper, resulting in price reduction, PTI reported.
In Mumbai, jet fuel costs Rs 69,610.50 per kl as against Rs 71,829.42 per kl previously, IOC said. The rates vary because of differences in local sales tax or VAT.
FEATURED ARTICLES

New launches rev up auto sales ahead of DiwaliTata Motors, Maruti Suzuki, Honda, others rev up auto sales ahead of Diwali with new launches
fe Bureau | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 02 2014, 10:14  IST
Oct 02 2014, 10:14  IST
 

Lamborghini to debut plug-in hybridMost stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer .
Morningstar: © 2014 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2014. All rights reserved.
Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.
Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2014 and/or its affiliates.
© 2014 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy .
.

FMCG MNCs to gain from  Swachh Bharat  campaignCompanies like Reckitt Benckiser, Hindustan Unilever, Dabur and others to gain from 'Swachh Bharat' campaign
Ratna Bhushan & Sagar Malviya, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 05.17AM IST
Tags:
Hindustan UniLever
(Companies such as Dabur and…)
NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: Among the biggest beneficiaries of the 'Swachh Bharat' campaign that Prime Minister Narendra Modi will flag off on October 2 will be two multinationals — Reckitt Benckiser and Hindustan Unilever that together own most big household cleaning brands in the country such as Lizol, Dettol, Harpic, Domex and Colin.
Companies such as consumer products maker Dabur and top retailer Future Group plan to leverage the 'Clean India' drive by launching their own cleanliness campaigns to promote their brands, as marketers say the biggest challenge for hygiene category has been lack of awareness. Nitish Kapoor, MD, Reckitt Benckiser, said the government initiative will significantly help spread hygiene awareness.
"In the long term, as more and more people adopt healthy hygiene practices, our products like Dettol and Harpic will become relevant for them," he told ET. Both HUL and Reckitt Benckiser run big awareness campaigns, particularly in rural areas, to boost sales of their hygiene products. Reckitt has committed Rs 100 crore for a five-year Dettol campaign to address "the country's hygiene and sanitation needs". It has roped in Amitabh Bachchan as ambassador for the programme that will take off this month and will cover 400 villages across Haryana, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra through videos, flyer distributions, posters, handwashing sessions and street plays. An HUL spokesperson said its Lifebuoy 'handwashing programme', which spreads the importance of washing hands with soap, has reached 58 million people in rural and urban India since 2010. Last year, HUL launched Domex Toilet Academy programme that aims to build 24,000 toilets in the country by 2015.
"Campaigns like Swachh Bharat will go a long way in creating awareness amongst people on the need for healthy hygiene habits," the person said. Reckitt Benckiser dominates toilet care space with its brand Harpic enjoying 69% market share in 2013, according to Euromonitor. It controls surface care market too with 57% share through brands such as Dettol, Easy-Off Bang, Lizol and Colin.
Euromonitor, however, said local players and private label floor cleaners have started to eat into the share of established brands such as Dettol. While branded products have been available in mainstream retail channels for many years, they remain a small niche in the overall household cleaning products market since most consumers still use local and unbranded products such as phenyl or soap-water. But retailers say that the branded market could now explode.
"The biggest challenge for the category growth has always been awareness which will now be addressed to an extent. What it will do in turn is bring new consumers in category as well as trigger more consumption when existing customers use it for multiple surface cleaning," said Devendra Chawla, CEO at Future Group's Food Bazaar.
"Also, many consumers who flirted with products like hand sanitizers during epidemic such as swine flu but left the category after few months could come back due to heightened awareness." Future Bazaar will run a 'Safai Mela' before Diwali to mainly promote its own brand Clean Mate that already outsells national brands such as Domex in its stores.
Homegrown Dabur, too, is leveraging the opportunity for its SaniFresh surface cleaner brand, by rolling out a 'Swachh Toilet, Swachh Bharat Abhiyan', which will provide germ-free public toilets across the country.
"Rs 1 from the sale of every pack of SaniFresh will go towards building toilets in the country, especially for girls," said K K Chutani, executive director - marketing at Dabur India. Sushil Kumar, project head at Dabur's CSR partner Sundesh, said it has identified five villages in Ghaziabad and Rudrapur to set up 50 toilets. It plans to build 80-100 such toilets this year.
 
Sundesh will buy SaniFresh in bulk from the company and supply it to villages. The World Health Organization and United Nations Children's Education Fund (UNICEF) estimate that there are more than 620 million people practicing open defecation due to lack of access to proper sanitation and 60% of all open defecation is in India. According to the World Bank report, 53% of Indian households defecate in the open.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mahindra to bring CSR activities under one roofMahindra to bring it's CSR activities under single branding umbrella of ‘Rise for Good’
Rica Bhattacharyya, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 05.19AM IST
Tags:
‘Rise for Good’
(The exercise will entail…)
MUMBAI: The Mahindra Group is set to bring its corporate social responsibility, sustainability and corporate governance initiatives under a new branding umbrella 'Rise for Good' that it is set to unveil on Thursday, on the occasion of its 70th founder's day. "The real reason to bring these initiatives under one umbrella is to give them more strength and to give a further impetus, momentum and synergy to the movement for employees to be more involved," Rajeev Dubey, president, group HR, corporate services and aftermarket sector at Mahindra & Mahindra, told ET in an exclusive interaction.
The exercise will entail the group's partnership with the external world, including individuals, organisations or groups, he added. Some of the group's CSR initiatives include the 'Nanhi Kali' programme, which focuses on educating the girl child; 'Mahindra Pride School', which provides livelihood training to socially and economically marginalised youth; scholarships and grants to needy and deserving students; 'Hariyali', an environment initiative that encourages people to plant more trees;and health initiatives, including Lifeline Express, a mobile train hospital, and disaster relief.
"The aim of creating one branding umbrella is to both motivate people internally and bind them around what we do for society as well as excite people from outside to join in," said SP Shukla , president, group strategy, member, group executive board and chairman, innovation academy, at M&M.
The group's CSR and sustainability initiatives focus on four broad areas — education (with a focus on education of the girl child), health, environment and disaster relief.
What began as announcement of the 'Rise Credo' was followed by 'Spark The Rise' platform three years ago to promote innovation, entrepreneurship and grass roots change.
The group followed this up with 'Rise Prize' - a million-dollar prize to drive disruptive, high-end technology and innovation from India. And now comes 'Rise for Good'. This year, the group is set to spend over Rs 150 crore on CSR initiatives, compared with Rs 42 crore last year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Number of CAT aspirants falls for second yea...Registrations for CAT 2014 fall to a new low; lack of promotions, craze of overseas degree main reasons
Sreeradha Basu, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 04.09AM IST
Tags:
Cat
(This year, 65% of US programmes report…)
MUMBAI: The number of registrations for the Common Admission Test (CAT) 2014 for entry to the prestigious Indian Institutes of Management (IIMs) has fallen to a new low of 1,89,759, despite six proposed IIMs being added to the existing 13.
So are the IIMs somehow losing their lustre? Not quite, say the experts. But they need to do something about promoting CAT — fewer non-IIM schools now accept it as an avenue for admission. About 1.96 lakh vouchers were sold last year, with registrations for the test closing at a little over 1.94 lakh. This in itself marked a seven-year low, down nearly 33% from the peak in 2008.
This is in contrast with the findings of Global Management Admission Council 2014 Applications Trends survey released end-September, which states that for the second year in a row, a majority of full-time, two-year MBA programmes globally reported rising or stable application volumes. According to GMAC, in 2014, 61% of schools globally teaching two-year degrees saw a rise in applications, up from 50% of schools in 2013.
While India-specific figures are not yet available for 2014, the percentage increase in the number of GMAT test takers from India over 2010-2013 is 25%. In contrast, the number of CAT takers has dropped 7.35% from 2.04 lakh in CAT 2010. The highest number of GMAT exams was delivered in India in 2013. In all, 22,878 candidates took the test from India in 2013 compared with 22,310 a year ago and 18,321 in 2010.Narayanan Ramaswamy, partner and head, education & skill development, KPMG in India, says the time has come to question whether the CAT as an examination is contemporary or not.
"IIMs are not coming down in their popularity. The number of aspirants for IIMs may not have reduced, but there is a reduction in the number of people who use CAT as their means of getting to top B-schools," he said.
"Everything needs promotion . CAT needs to have a team working on popularising it." While six proposed IIMs have been added to the existing ones, there has been a decline in the number of non-IIM business schools that accept CAT marks for admission, following the CAT 2012 controversy. Around 90 or so such schools will accept CAT scores this year for admission, compared with close to 150 a few years ago.
Also, added Ramaswamy, new IIMs need to find a way to differentiate themselves and create a proper positioning among a glut of management institutes. "Otherwise students would opt for other wellknown B-schools which may not use CAT as an entry examination." Sankarshan Basu, chairperson, Career Development Services, IIM-Bangalore, said a number of students who know that they won't make it to a top Indian B-school hrough CAT are looking at alternatives abroad.
"There is this craze for an overseas degree . Many of those who don't make it to top-ranked B-schools abroad are willing to go down the ladder and look at lowerranked institutes," he says. GMAC survey also states that since 2012, much of the growth in US full-time twoyear MBA programmes stems from increased overseas admissions.
This year, 65% of US programmes report receiving more applications from foreign candidates, up from 56% in 2013, and 41% in 2012. US schools report that India and China are largest sources of foreign candidates.
CAT 2014 convenor Rohit Kapoor of IIM Indore said that even after September 30, the last day of online registrations, he got frequent calls requesting an extension of the deadline. "The load was extremely high on the last day and the maximum number of registrations, in fact, happened on the last few days."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian IT cos likely to bid for CSC if it sp...Indian IT firms like Wipro, HCL Tech likely to bid for CSC if it splits operations
ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 10.59AM IST
Tags:
CSC
(CSC, which reported nearly…)
BANGALORE: Indian information technology companies, including Wipro and HCL Technologies, could bid for Computer Science Corp if the US-based IT company splits its public sector and commercial operations before putting itself up for sale. Senior executives at both Noida-based HCL Technologies and Bangalore-based Wipro said they could "consider" the commercial business of Computer Science Corp as it will help them scale up their presence in the United States and Europe.
"Local data centres and existing IT infrastructure business can make for a risky, but good asset to buy—we will surely consider if it's split," said an executive at one of the top five Indian software firms. CSC has infrastructure business contributing 35% to its topline while global business services, including application services and consulting, account for 34% while the North American public sector brings the remaining 31%.
"If the business is split, HCL should be the favourite," said a Mumbai-based analyst at a domestic brokerage, adding hat the company's own application delivery business has not seen much traction and a buyout should help the company. CSC, which reported nearly $13 billion (Rs 80,000 crore) in revenues last fiscal, has reportedly reached out to private equity group, Blackstone and Bain Capital to gauge this interest in management-led buyout, Bloomberg reported on Tuesday. ET independently could not confirm if the company will split its commercial business operations from those of the government contracts. Both Bain Capital and Blackstone declined to comment while an email sent to CSC remained unanswered. Last year, CSC stitched a deal with country's fourth-largest IT firm HCL Technologies under which the two firms aim to modernise applications run by their customers. The addressable market for applications services totaled $210 billion in 2014, according to Gartner's 2014 Market Forecast for IT Services. Some experts, however, remain scepti cal if the company's efforts in the two years are enough to entice interest from suitors.
"The company has made efforts to transform its traditional consulting and outsourcing business and is embracing an operating model relying a lot more on software assets and platformbased delivery models," said Frederic Giron, VP and research director, Forrester Research.
"But this is still the beginning of the journey and the transformation will require a lot more freedom of operation. Hence the idea of LBO (leveraged buyout), which would make sense taking the company private—similar to what Dell did." Giron said the public sector chunk had about $4 billion in annual revenues.
"I believe Indian centric firms are interested in different types of acquisitions: software assets like Trizetto, targeted continental Europe presence like Alti, and potentially some digital capabilities."
To be sure, twice in the past - 2006 and last year - management at CSC has tried to find buyers for the company but a deal could not be reached. The company, which employs nearly 79,000 employees and counts the US government as one of its 2,500 clients, ended last year with Rs 4,250 crore in cash.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Asian Shares Down as Ebola Scare Hits Wall StreetYou are here: Home Market
Asian Shares Down as Ebola Scare Hits Wall Street
Reuters | Updated On: October 02, 2014 07:36 (IST)
Rupee Rises to 61.66/Dollar Tracking Strong Equities
Tokyo:
Asian stocks fell on Thursday, dragged lower after the first case of Ebola diagnosed in the United States spooked Wall Street overnight, while a bout of risk aversion pushed down yields and put the dollar's recent rally on pause.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dipped 0.2 per cent, and Tokyo's Nikkei shed 1.3 per cent.
Hong Kong streets were calm early on Thursday as while police largely kept their distance from tens of thousands of mostly young people who have continued protests for nearly a week.
US stocks dropped more than 1 per cent on Wednesday as the Ebola news scared investors, economic data pointed to uneven growth, and the Russell 2000 index of small-cap shares entered correction territory.
Investors warmed to the Japanese currency after a slew of surveys showed German factory activity shrank for the first time in 15 months, China's manufacturing sector barely grew, while the United States slowed more than expected.
The dollar traded at 109.025 yen, suffering a sharp fall on declining US Treasury yields after poking above the psychological 110 threshold the previous day for the first time since 2008.
The euro stood little changed at $1.2628 after crawling away from a two-year low of $1.2571 hit earlier in the week.
The European Central Bank meeting later in the session was in focus with the divergence of US and European monetary policies now a well-established set market theme.
The US Federal Reserve is probing ways to normalise monetary policy, while the ECB is seen stuck with its very lose easy policy for the foreseeable future.
"The market interest is not in the rates decision, where the ECB insists the refinancing rate will not fall further from 0.05 per cent, but in President Draghi's press conference," Sean Callow, senior currency strategist at Westpac in Sydney, wrote in a note to clients.
The markets will focus on the expected size of the ECB's plan to buy asset-backed securities and euro-denominated covered bonds after Draghi promised to provide "detailed modalities" of the plans at the previous meeting in September, Callow said.
In commodities, crude oil posted a modest rebound after declining sharply through much of the week on weak economic signals from China and Europe and ample global supply.
US crude, which on Tuesday clocked its biggest one-day fall since November 2012 and still hovered near a 16-month low of $90.43 hit last month, rose 18 cents to $90.91 a barrel.
Gold extended gains after rising overnight as the tumble in Wall Street prompted safe haven bids, with a steadying dollar and weakness in global equities also supporting the precious metal.
Spot gold rose 0.15 per cent to $1,215.10 an ounce.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Gold Gets Boost from Safe-haven Bids as Equities SlideGold Rebounds on Seasonal Demand; Global Cues
Singapore:
Gold added to small gains from the day before on Thursday, buoyed by risk-averse sentiment as weak global manufacturing data in the United States unnerved equity markets.
Fundamentals
* Spot gold had edged up 0.1 per cent to $1,215.02 an ounce by 0038 GMT. The metal gained 0.4 per cent on Wednesday after earlier falling towards a nine-month low.
* Stock markets worldwide closed out the first day of the fourth quarter on a weak note on Wednesday, weighed by disappointing manufacturing data from Europe and the United States.
* US stocks dropped more than 1 per cent on Wednesday as the first diagnosis of Ebola in a patient in the United States pressured shares of airlines and transportation companies.
* Gold is often seen as an alternative investment during times of uncertainty.
* Despite the recent gains, gold is still close to dropping below a key psychological level of $1,200 an ounce. The strength in the dollar has weighed heavily on gold and other precious metals.
* SPDR Gold Trust, the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund and a good measure of investor sentiment, said its holdings fell 1.20 tonnes to 768.66 tonnes on Wednesday - the lowest since December 2008.
* ICAP, the world's biggest interdealer broker, will submit a proposal to the bullion market to replace the century-old global price benchmark for gold known as the "fix", the company told Reuters on Wednesday.
* Investors were also eyeing the outcome of the European Central Bank's policy meeting. It is expected to present details on Thursday of a new asset-buying plan with which it hopes to revive the flagging euro zone economy and see off the spectre of deflation.
Market News
* The safe-haven yen held onto solid gains early on Thursday after disappointing manufacturing surveys from around the globe triggered a run on risk, while the euro stayed defensive as a policy review by the European Central Bank loomed.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Govt reaches out to religious organisations to propagate Swachh Bharat messageGovernment reaches out to religious organisations to propagate Swachh Bharat message
Vasudha Venugopal, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 06.38AM IST
Tags:
BJP
(As the project advances,…)
NEW DELHI: While Prime Minister Narendra Modi launches his ambitious Swachh Bharat project in New Delhi on Thursday, saffronclad 'volunteers' across ashrams, temples and akhadas will pool in manpower to take the message of public hygiene to the masses, from Varanasi to Kanchi. The BJP-led government has reached out to several Hindu religious and spiritual organisations seeking their support for the project, and according to officials, among those that have already been contacted are the Ramakrishna Mission, Patanjali Yogpeeth of Baba Ramdev, Sri Sri Ravi Shankar of the Art of Living, Gayatri Pariwar, Kanchi Kamakoti Peeth and Siddha Ganga Math.
As the project advances, more organisations will be roped in to "spread the message of cleanliness and hygiene" among people, they said. Urban development ministry officials said they are also in talks with Muslim and Christian organisations to take the movement forward, but no organisation has been approached formally so far.
"We had received communication from Union minister Venkaiah Naidu and we have assured him full support in this campaign," said Rajdeep Arya, spokesperson for Patanjali Yogpeeth. He said Ramdev was on a trip to Europe and will himself be part of the campaign from October 12.
"Tomorrow we are starting an intensive cleaning of 80 ghats of Ganga from Shankaracharya chowk in Haridwar," he said. The yogpeeth has selected 600 districts to promote the campaign. Clusters will be selected and developed into "model villages", he said. At the ghats, they will be planting saplings of tulsi, ashwagandha and arjun to keep them clean and green.
"We are asking our devotees, who can afford, to adopt villages and make them clean," Arya said.Ramdev will also organise a conclave of saints and sadhus to request all akhadas to join the movement, Arya said. "Our 30,000 workers have been asked to participate in the campaign with full vigour. Except for places in South India and Northeast, we have presence everywhere," he added.
Kanchi Kamakoti Peeth led by Jayendra Saraswati in Tamil Nadu has also been roped in for the campaign. "We are focusing on cleaning 200 towns and villages that have temples and ponds. We have identified 55 villages along Thiruvallur and Kancheepuram wherein the temples are very dirty, we will start with them," said N Sundaresan of the peeth.
Volunteers in these organisations feel reverence for nature is an integral part of Hinduism and that is what people need to understand to make the country clean. Kedar Prasad Dubey, spokesperson for Gayatri Pariwar, said from this week, it has made two hours of weekly cleaning — 'swachhta shram' — compulsory in all 5,000 institutions run by the organisation.
"Our focus initially is on cities such as Puri, Rameshwaram, Pushkar, Ayodhya and Amravati to make them clean." All the organisations have planned programmes on Thursday to coincide with the inauguration of the campaign by Prime Minister Modi. Most of them had wholeheartedly supported Modi in his election campaign.
This is not the first time sadhus and sants have been involved in cleanliness campaigns, said Rama Rauta, founder and convener, Save Ganga Movement, adding that they had been roped in several times to clean rivers too. "It is important to involve everyone in the project, but rivers, ghats and places alongside them are mainly dirty because of religious activities. Unless sadhus adopt a scientific approach and employ the neighbourhood community in activities, their efforts are shortlived," he said.
 
The Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan aims not just at making India clean but also eliminating open defecation and manual scavenging while also providing financial assistance to over 1 crore individual households to build toilets and the construction of nearly 2.5 lakh public toilets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PSU banks  financial regulators to get full-time chiefs in OctE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

I Hereby declare: Mangal PrabhatLodhaI Hereby declare: Mangal Prabhat Lodha
Express News Service | New Delhi |       October 2, 2014 9:15 am

US student rallies to support Hong KongprotestersProtesters hold up signs and umbrellas they gather outside of the Hong Kong Economic and Trade Office in San Francisco (Source: AP)
Associated Press | New York | Posted: October 2, 2014 9:43 am | Updated: October 2, 2014 9:44 am
Students bearing umbrellas as a sign of solidarity gathered at rallies in several US cities on Wednesday to show support for pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong.
Altogether, hundreds were expected at Umbrella Revolution rallies in 40 US cities, including New York, San Francisco, Boston and Chicago, organizers said.
In New York, students were to gather in Times Square on Wednesday evening, organizer Anna Cheung said. Earlier, students, many of them from Hong Kong, handed out more than 1,000 fliers and hundreds of yellow ribbons at the University of California, Berkeley. In San Francisco’s Chinatown, scores of people demonstrated with signs, bearing such messages as “you are not alone” and “united for democracy,” and umbrellas, which have become symbols of the civil disobedience movement in Hong Kong, where protesters have used umbrellas to deflect police pepper spray.
“We feel like many Americans don’t really know what’s happening in Hong Kong,” said June Lai, 20, a student organizer of the Berkeley demonstration. “They may know about protests and movement, but they don’t know about its origin.”
University of California at Berkeley students pass out yellow ribbons and educate others in support for the Umbrella Revolution, a group seeking democracy in Hong Kong (Source: AP)
Tens of thousands of people have rallied in Hong Kong since last week. They’ve threatened to occupy key government buildings unless a top official resigns.
The protesters oppose Beijing’s decision last month that candidates in the territory’s inaugural 2017 elections must be approved by a committee of mostly pro-Beijing local elites. The protesters see China as reneging on a promise that the chief executive will be chosen through universal suffrage.
They are posing the stiffest challenge to Beijing’s authority since China took control of the former British colony in 1997.
China’s communist government has condemned the student-led protests as illegal, though Beijing has left it up to local Hong Kong authorities to handle the demonstrations. Police fired tear gas and pepper spray over the weekend in an unsuccessful attempt to disperse the activists.
Alice Ching, who attended the demonstration in San Francisco, said the students are “very brave to come out and talk about the situation.”
Charles Cheung, left, leads protesters in a chant as they gather outside of the Hong Kong Economic and Trade Office in San Francisco continued…

PM Narendra Modi orders Aadhaar cards for all by June 2015PM Narendra Modi orders Aadhaar cards for all by June 2015
Modi pays surprise visit to police stationModi pays surprise visit to police station
Moderate Uptick in Sales Growth LikelyModerate Uptick in Sales Growth Likely
Fitch Pegs Growth at 5.6% This FiscalFitch Pegs Growth at 5.6% This Fiscal
India can become a Clean India: ModiIndia can become a Clean India: Modi
By-polls: Every vote counts in HaryanaBy-polls: Every vote counts in Haryana
Stock  forex markets closed on account of Gandhi JayanthiStock  forex markets closed on account of Gandhi Jayanthi
Markets to remain closed from Oct 2-6Markets to remain closed from Oct 2-6
PM Narendra Modi launches  Swachh Bharat Mission   addresses nationPM Narendra Modi launches Swachh Bharat Mission
PTI
The Hindu Prime Minister Narendra Modi flagged off the walkathon after launching the Swach Bharat Yojna in New Delhi on Thursday, October 2, 2014. Photo: RV Moorthy
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (file photo)
NDMC workers seen cleaning a pavement near Yojna Bhawan on the eve of Prime Minister's Swachh Bharat campaign. Photo: Sushil Kumar Verma
'Clean India Mission beyond politics'
New Delhi, Oct 2:  
Wielding the broom, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today launched the country’s biggest-ever cleanliness drive that is expected to cost over Rs 62,000 crore, asserting that the “Swachh Bharat” mission is “beyond politics” and inspired by patriotism.
Debunking criticism that his Government has been taking credit for every achievement, the Prime Minister acknolwedged the efforts of all previous governments to make India clean.
“I am not talking politics...this is beyond politics.
"This is inspired by patriotism not politcs. We do not have to do with an eye on politics...I say that with a clean heart...
"If we paint this again with a brush of politics, we will again do a disservice to mother India.
“All the governments in this country have made one or the other effort to do this work. Several political, social and cultural organizations have made efforts in this direction. I greet all those, who have worked,” Modi said in his 25-minute address at Rajpath, where he formally kicked off the five-year-long campaign that will cover 4,041 statutory towns.
Administering a pledge to people to make India clean, he said that this task is not the responsibility only of safai karamcharis or the government but of all the 125 crore Indians.
He said that today’s campaign should not be seen as a mere photo opportunity.
In an event marked by fervour and symbolism, the Prime Minister earlier wielded a broom and swept pavement in Valmiki Basti, a colony of sanitation workers here.
The Prime Minister said that he is aware that the criticism of this programme will begin in just a few days but said he is prepared for this exuding confidence that the countrymen will not let him down.
The urban component of the Mission is proposed to be implemented over 5 years starting from October 2, 2014 in all 4,041 statutory towns. The total expected cost of the programme is Rs 62,009 crore, out of which the proposed central assistance will be of Rs 14,623 crore.
The Cabinet had last month decided to merge the ‘Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan’, a campaign for rural sanitation with Swachh Bharat Mission.
The Prime Minister countered Congress criticism that his government behaves as if everything happened only after he came to power. “I do not make any claim that the government, which has been elected to power just now, has done everything.”
Congress has been attacking Modi accusing him of taking credit of initiatives undertaken by the UPA regimes and trying to give an impression that every good work was done only by him.
Recalling that he had congratulated all governments even from the ramparts of Red Fort, Modi said,”even today from this stage, I greet and salute all the governments—central, state and municipal, social organizations which have worked in this direction, whether they are leaders from Sarvodaya or workers of Seva Dal. I launch this programme with their blessings.”
Maintaining that everybody deserves kudos, the Prime Minister asked not to get into making political barbs on the issue.
“Everybody before us has worked for it. Under Mahatma Gandhi’s leadership, the Congress had led it...Who was successful, who was not. Let us not get into it who has done it, who has not. We should work responsibly,” he said.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

There is much greater focus on play with purpose today: Mattel Asia Pacific MDInterviews
Story
There is a much greater focus on play with purpose today, says Mattel Asia Pacific MD Peter Broegger
Ajita Shashidhar      Follow @AjitaShashidhar    Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 12:03 IST
Mattel Asia Pacific MD Peter Broegger
Localisation has been the mantra for success for every multinational company that has set shop in India, and it is no different for toy maker Mattel. Almost 20 per cent of sales in India for the maker of Hot Wheels, Fisher Price and Barbie comes from its localised offerings. Peter Broegger, Managing Director, Mattel Asia Pacific, speaks with Ajita Shashidhar on India's toy industry and how the toy consumption habits of an average Indian have evolved. Excerpts:
 
Q- What is your take on the Indian toy industry?
A- Considering the size of the country, I would say the organised toy industry is an emerging industry. But it is an incredibly fast-growing industry, almost 15 to 20 per cent every year. If you compare the toy fair this year with last year, this time around there is 40 per cent growth in the number of exhibitors.
 
Q- How has the journey for Mattel been in India?
A- The important thing for us has been to educate parents/consumers over time about the value of a good-quality toy. We obviously build our brands, but what is most important to us is we put good-quality toys in the hands of consumers in every market we compete. In some markets it takes five years to build that, in some it takes 25 years to build, but we don't shy away from the single-minded focus of going out and building our brands.
 
Q- How has the toy consuming habit evolved over the last few years?
A- Indian mothers like the notion that there needs to be a purpose with the play. Twenty years ago it was not so much a purpose with the play. Internet penetration has helped to educate consumers, there is a much greater focus on play with purpose today. We are able to engage with mothers in that conversation of what is good for their child, why should they buy this toy versus another one. Twenty years ago, one would go and buy a toy simply because it looked nice on TV. With e-commerce opening up, you will see mothers engaging in dialogue with each other even more. Mothers are now reading reviews of toys online, they are also writing online reviews. So, that is putting a lot of focus on the quality of delivery in the marketplace.
 
Q- Which categories are doing really well?
A- Fortunately, we have a balanced mix of products. Our core brand is Fisher Price in the infant and pre-school category, which caters to children who are 0-4 years old. After the age of four we have Hot Wheels for boys and Barbie for girls. So, right now it's fairly balanced. So, is there one particular brand, which is pulling ahead, it's not really the case.
 
Q- India doesn't have too many exclusive toy stores. Is that a challenge?
A- If you look at the retail scene, there are hypermarkets, departmental stores and also mom-and-pop toy stores. There's also Internet and e-commerce coming our way. That breadth of channels is not much different from elsewhere in the world. What is different is the level of sophistication that goes into each of the channels. Internet commerce in Europe is light years ahead of where India is. Five years ago, Europe was much ahead of China too, but today, China has caught up and is offering services online that is not even available elsewhere. You have opportunities to have your social media platform to engage with online buying channels. I have no doubt that India will continue to see the same rapid growth as it relates to capabilities within each of the channels. With an increasing number of foreign retailers investing in India the entire retail scene will mature at a pace you haven't seen in the past and with that comes different shopping behaviours, different shopping expectations from consumers. They will go to a mom-and-pop store more for convenience, but they will also like to go to a good toy store in a mall and make a day out of it with their children. These are some things you will see changing.
 
Q- What is your distribution model in India?
A- We are covering all regions of India and most region are covered by wholesalers. We have a sales force that is scattered across the country and then we work with wholesalers and business partners that take us to different cities. This model has worked well for us globally. There are very few markets where we try to service the entire industry ourselves. The local wholesalers do a much better job in smaller cities and provinces. We are present in the top 80-90 towns in India. Our products start from as low as Rs 69 to more than Rs 15,000.
 
Q- Which price points of toys are doing better?
A- We have a product line that addresses every channel. Obviously a high-end product does better in a Hamleys than it does in a smaller town, but the smaller price points generate a good volume growth, especially in smaller towns. So, we are growing equally in the bigger metropolis as well as smaller towns. The one channel that kind of separates itself right now is the online channel. But keep in mind that the online channel is a very small base. You are going from one to two and from two to four, which yields a much greater percentage growth, but it's a channel we have seen grow really well elsewhere and it is a channel we are paying a lot of attention to.
Q- Do you have a production facility in India?
A- We do and that helps service the local needs of the market. No other country in which Mattel is present has that flexibility and that opportunity.
Q- What is your localisation strategy?
A- We have a range of localised Barbie dolls which are not just sold in India but are also exported outside of India. We have the Barbie Indian wedding series. These dolls have a high appeal and we have consumers outside of India who want to collect them. The Indian manufacturing facility helps provide either Indian-specific items or in price points in the market place that helps to deliver a better price value to the consumer.
Q- Which Indian variants of Barbie are particularly popular?
A- We have two basic segments, one is called Barbie in India and the other is Expressions in India. Barbie in India is at an affordable price point, while Expression in India (Barbie in Indian bridal avatars) is a collectors series and is priced at a premium.
Last year we launched Dhoom 3 and we came in with two specific dolls which were that of the actor and the actress in the movie. This a great example of localisation, which we have also taken to global markets.
Q- Apart from Barbie, have you also localised Hot Wheels and Fisher Price?
A- There we are basically taking globally product lines and altering them to the Indian market. We don't develop them here from scratch. In Hot Wheels we have done local developments, where we have taken traditional play sets that we sell globally and we have done different configurations to suit the needs of this market.
Q- Do you localise in other global markets also?
A- We do, but not to the extent we are doing here. However, it is something we are increasingly looking at, especially in emerging markets.
Q- What's going to be the next big news from Mattel?
A- There are few things we are really excited about. We recently announced the acquisition of MEGA Brands (which competes with Lego), so we are now entering into the construction toy category. We have also partnered with Lucas Films and Star Wars and we would be launching The Star Wars toys under the Hot Wheels banner as we get into 2015.

RBI meets market expectations  holds interest ratesRBI meets market expectations, holds interest rates
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 30:  
Lower retail inflation and an upgrade in India’s outlook by S&P did not sway the Reserve Bank of India into cutting policy rates.
In its fourth bi-monthly policy review, the RBI remained steadfast in its battle against inflation.
This is the fourth time in as many bi-monthly policy reviews that the repo rate (or the interest rate at which RBI provides short-term liquidity to banks) has been unchanged at 8 per cent.
The RBI reasoned that there are risks from food price shocks as the full effect of the monsoon’s passage unfolds and from geopolitical developments that could materialise rapidly.
The central bank also left the cash reserve ratio (CRR) or the slice of bank deposits parked with it unchanged at 4 per cent of deposits.
With no change in either the policy rate or the CRR, and credit growth lagging deposit growth, bankers don’t expect any change in the deposit or lending rates.
“We have been pragmatic and the medicine (anti-inflationary monetary policy) seems to be working. The problem is before the patient (the economy) has run the full course of the medicine, you (industry) want to take him off the medicine and say let us take a chance. That is always the danger in Indian policy. We have to have the discipline to stay the course,” RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said at a post policy conference.
Since June, headline inflation has ebbed to levels which are consistent with the desired near-term target of 8 per cent by January 2015.
“The most heartening feature has been the steady decline in inflation excluding food and fuel, by a cumulative 111 basis points since January 2014, to a new low. With international crude prices softening and relative stability in the foreign exchange market, some upside risks to inflation are receding,” RBI said.
Dovish tone
According to Arundhati Bhattacharya, Chairperson, State Bank of India, “This time, the tone of the policy seems to be dovish compared to the tone of the policy in April. If you see the fan chart also, it shows that the risks (to inflation) are more on the downside than the upside risk. Overall, the one takeaway is that there are dis-inflationary trends that are now getting entrenched.”
On growth, RBI said the momentum of activity in all sectors of the economy is yet to stabilise.
“Agriculture should shed the effects of recent shocks and pick up in Q4 (January-March) this fiscal year….The key to a turnaround in the growth path of the economy in the second half of the year is a revival in investment activity – in greenfield as well as brownfield stalled projects – supported by fiscal consolidation, stronger export performance and sustained disinflation.
“With expectations of these conditions remaining broadly unchanged, the projection of growth for 2014-15 is retained at 5.5 per cent within a range of 5 to 6 per cent around this central estimate. The quarterly growth path may slow mildly in Q2 and Q3 before recovering in Q4.”
Outlook
On inflation, Rajan said, as of now, it is reasonably set. “Our expectation is that we can reach the target (of retail inflation of 8 per cent by January 2015) but a lot can happen in the world… But there are also positives and we have to see how it will play out,” he observed.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

BSE to auction govt bonds worth Rs 4 176 cr todayBSE to auction government bonds worth Rs 4,176 crore today
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 12:00 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), the country's largest bourse, will on Wednesday auction government debt securities worth Rs 4,176 crore for overseas investors .
The auction would be conducted for overseas investors at the ebidXchange platform of the BSE for government debt securities, as per information provided by the bourse.
"...Live bidding session for allocation of debt investment limits for FII (Foreign Institutional Investors)and Sub-accounts shall be conducted on Wednesday, October 1, 2014 on exchange's 'ebidxchange'," BSE said in a circular issued on Tuesday.
The debt auction quotas give overseas investors the right to invest in debt up to the limit purchased.
The auction will begin at 3:30 pm and will close at 5:30 pm. A mock bidding session would be conducted on Tuesday to check the system performance.
In the auction conducted by National Stock Exchange (NSE) earlier this month, government bonds had attracted bids worth Rs 4,963 crore , against such securities valued Rs 3,117 crore on offer.
Foreign investors have invested a net amount of over Rs 1.2 lakh crore in debt market so far in 2014. Equity market has also seen similar trends with overseas fund inflow of over Rs 83,000 crore since the beginning of the year.

What is PayPal s first solo moveOct 01, 2014 at 03:16pm IST
What is PayPal's first solo move?
8
0
New York: PayPal's impending split from long-time partner eBay Inc. will ratchet up its appeal to online retail competitors such as Amazon.com and give it the freedom to aggressively take on new mobile pay challenger Apple Pay. For eBay, the challenge will be how to drive revenue without its fastest-growing division.
The move marks a 180-degree turn for eBay Inc. CEO John Donahoe, who had been adamant in spurning activist investor Carl Icahn's call months ago to spin off PayPal. Donahoe, who will step down after the split is finalised in the second half of next year, said he now agrees that it's the right path for both companies. With the launch of Apple Pay next month expected to reshape the mobile payments industry, Icahn said he's "happy" eBay came around, "perhaps a little later than they should have, but earlier than we expected."
ALSO SEE PayPal to separate from eBay in 2015
Investors were happy too, sending eBay shares up more than 7 per cent to close at $56.63 on Tuesday.
PayPal's impending split from long-time partner eBay will ratchet up its appeal to online retail competitors such as Amazon.com.
#ebay #apple pay #paypal #amazon
PayPal services $1 of every $6 dollars spent online. It collects fees from over 150 million users who use the online service to send money to other users and pay for goods and services in more than 200 markets. Acquired by eBay in 2002 for $1.3 billion, its partnership with the popular site helped expand PayPal's reach worldwide. The service posted 20 per cent revenue growth in the last quarter to $1.95 billion - representing nearly half of eBay's total revenue.
PayPal also has staked a claim in the small but swiftly-growing mobile payment arena, and is on track to process 1 billion mobile payments this year. It launched PayPal Here and acquired Braintree and its One Touch mobile payment service, which compete with players such as Square and Google Wallet.
The payoff is huge for whichever player can own the space: mobile payments could spike to $58.4 billion by 2017 from just $1 billion last year, Citi Investment Research analyst Mark May said in August. And the pressure is on. Apple Inc., which has 800 million user accounts through iTunes, threw down a gauntlet last month with the announcement of its own digital wallet Apple Pay, slated to launch in October.
So what might be PayPal's first solo move?
Courting major eBay competitors such as Amazon.com Inc. and newly public Alibaba, who might be more likely to partner with PayPal now that it's not married to a direct competitor, says Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Youssef Squali. The company also could be a takeover target. Squali notes that Google and Microsoft (not to mention Visa and Mastercard), have tried to build online payment platforms with varying degrees of success.
And with PayPal "now essentially free to focus on payment innovation, and standing on the shoulders of a well-capitalized eBay, they can act more aggressively to counter new competitors," says RW Baird analyst Colin Sebastian. He notes that PayPal will end up with a sizable amount of cash and none of eBay's debt.
In a statement, Icahn asserted that PayPal either needs to buy other digital payment services or consider selling itself to another "strong player" to prepare for an industry shakeout that he believes will happen soon. "In light of the development of strong competition such as the advent of Apple Pay, the sooner these consolidations take place, the better," Icahn said.
New CEO Dan Schulman will bring both mobile and prepaid payment experience to the company. Schulman, 56, was founding CEO of Virgin Mobile, before leading the prepaid group at Sprint Nextel and most recently expanding mobile and online pay services at American Express. Citi's May noted that few people have that background in financial services, mobile technology and payments - three key strengths to be competitive going forward in digital payments.
The benefits of the move for eBay are less clear. The San Jose, California, company was plagued this year with a data breach and an algorithm change at Google that led to fewer hits from the search engine. In its most recent quarter, core marketplaces revenue rose just 9 percent to $2.17 billion, versus a 20 percent jump in payments revenue.
Devin Wenig, currently president of eBay Marketplaces, will become CEO of the new eBay Inc., leading both the marketplaces and enterprise divisions.
1

Fannie and Freddie sold off as suit failsFannie and Freddie sold off as suit fails
By Gina Chon in Washington and Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5f8ffc36-4981-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

For October 2  Kejriwal to wield broom in PM s backyardOct 01, 2014 at 10:36pm IST
For October 2, Kejriwal to wield broom in PM's backyard
52
0
New Delhi: As Prime Minister Narendra Modi launches the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan on Thursday, AAP convener Arvind Kejriwal would be leading a clean-up drive by his party in the vicinity of the former's official residence on Race Course road.
Kejriwal, along with his party's volunteers, will take part in the clean-up campaign at BR Camp in the Race Course road area even as Modi launches the Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan in the national capital.
As part of the events to mark the opening of the cleanliness mission on Thursday, the prime minister would also be visiting Valmiki Sadan.
Kejriwal, along with his party's volunteers, will take part in the clean-up campaign at BR Camp in the Race Course road area.
#swachh bharat #clean india #arvind kejriwal #narendra modi
Interestingly, Valmiki Sadan is the place where AAP had launched its party symbol, the broom. The Valmiki community is known to be a strong supporter of AAP. Modi is scheduled to tomorrow visit Valmiki Sadan, which is under the jurisdiction of NDMC, to inaugurate a modern toilet block there.
Talking about the cleanliness mission, Kejriwal said it should not be limited to being a "symbolic" initiative and the authorities should work for the betterment of safai karmacharis.
Kejriwal appealed to the people to participate in the cleanliness drive and, at the same time, in a message aired on FM radio, asked people to give due respect to safai karmacharis.
553

Sobbing Sarita Devi refuses Asiad bronze medalEYE BROWSE
Sarita Devi refuses Asiad medal
Indian boxer L Sarita Devi on October 1, 2014 stunned officials and spectators by refusing to accept the bronze medal , which is now in the custody of organisers.
Sarita had lost her semi-final bout in controversial circumstances and had to be content with the bronze medal in the women's light weight (57-60kg) event of the 17th Asian Games on September 30. India later lodged an official protest with the Amateur International Boxing Association's technical jury team. But the protest was rejected.
The 32-year-old Indian lost 0-3 in an unanimous decision to South Korea's Jina Park at the Seonhak Gymnasium. Sarita lost on points against Park in a bout where she was the dominant boxer.
Crying bitterly on the podium, Sarita first refused to wear the medal before handing it over to Park after sharing an emotional hug with the home boxer.
Sarita was later quoted by PTI as saying: “It's not that I did not want to accept the medal. I accepted it and then gave it back to the Koreans. I had to do this to continue with my boxing career or the memory of this incident would have stayed on in my mind. I would now go back and hug my infant child.” She also accused the Indian officialdom of being uncaring in the whole episode.
Gallery View:Sarita Devi refuses Asiad medal

Al Qaedas botched suicide op was against Indian warshipsAl Qaeda’s botched suicide op was against ‘Indian warships’
Sanjib Kr Baruah , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 02, 2014
First Published: 00:25 IST(2/10/2014) | Last Updated: 07:15 IST(2/10/2014)
Comments
The al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent (AQIS) has claimed that its primary motive in the September Karachi dockyard attack, which failed after gunfights with the Pakistan Naval forces, was destroying Indian warships with a Pakistani frigate - PNS Aslat.
The frigate was equipped with advanced weapon systems, including anti-submarine torpedoes, four guided missiles with a range of up to 120 km, surface-to-air missiles and 72 mm anti-aircraft guns.
“This was not an attack on the naval dockyard... It was a takeover of ships of the Pakistani naval fleet. And the targets were the American and the Indian Navies,” said a release by As-Sahab Subcontinent, purportedly the AQIS’ media wing.
The release said the elaborate plan involved two simultaneous attacks by two groups. The first group was to take over the Pakistani frigate PNS Zulfiqar and use it to target and destroy the American oil tanker USS Supply.
The second group’s plan was to take over PNS Aslat that was docked near the Karachi shores and “steer it towards Indian waters in order to attack Indian warships with anti-ship missiles.”
Issuing a call for the Mujahideen to make seas one of their priority areas, the release warned: “This operation gives a clear message to India that Ghazwa-e-Hind has only just begun. We shall never forget your oppression of our brothers in Kashmir, Gujarat, and Assam.”
A successful attack would have immediately drawn a parallel to the October 2000 al Qaeda attack on US destroyer USS Cole in Aden, in which 17 US sailors died.
While the attack has set off warning bells about the extent of penetration by terror elements into Pakistan’s armed forces, the release claimed that the operation was led by Oweis Jakhrani (former second lieutenant in the Pakistan navy) and Zeeshan Rafeeq (second lieutenant).

Thank you  America  PM Narendra Modi tells new converts‘Thank you, America’, PM Modi tells new converts
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, October 01, 2014
First Published: 18:25 IST(1/10/2014) | Last Updated: 10:49 IST(2/10/2014)
Comments
Vivek Wadhwa, a Silicon Valley tech-thinker, came to DC somewhat leery of the hype around Prime Minister Narendra Modi. He left Tuesday evening a complete convert.
“I was… blown away with Modi’s humour and confidence,” Wadhwa said after the state department luncheon by Joe Biden and John Kerry for the Prime Minister.
US President Barack Obama welcomes Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
“I talked to Modi only very briefly, though. But he won me over... I was on the fence until today.”
Modi left for home after a four-and-a-half day US tour a very satisfied man, pleased with what he is taking home, and the impact he has had on Americans.
Pete Sessions, chairman of the House ethics committee, was absolutely charmed. He said Modi reminded him of President Ronald Reagan, the nearest thing to God to Republicans.
“I had a very successful tour,” Modi told an audience at his last stop, an event hosted by the USIBC, from where he was to head straight to the airport for his flight home.
“Thank you, America,” he said, waving to the audience.
But were there milestone achievements or major announcements? There were no investment packages of the kind Modi brought from Japan or the one Xi Jinping brought.
“No,” said Michael Kugleman of Wilson Center, “But we shouldn’t have expected any. For Obama and Modi, the visit was all about the basics: getting to know each other, committing to get the relationship back on track, and promising to push toward even greater cooperation.”
One think-tanker differed: “In terms of optics it was a huge success, but are we to overlook the absence of deliverables — packages.” He said he would hold his verdict for now.
Here is a quick re-cap of Modi’s visit:
Day 1, September 26: A quiet evening at the hotel.
Day 2, September 27: After his maiden speech at UNGA, diplomats, UN staffers and three Prime Ministers queue up to greet him backstage. X-Men star Hugh Jackman introduces him at the Global Citizens festival. The prime minister speaks in English, connects with a largely American audience, all young.
Day 3, September 28: He gets a rockstar reception from the Indian American community at Madison Square Garden, with over 30 US lawmakers present.
Day 4, September 29: Seventeen of the world’s most powerful business leaders meet him in his suite — including Lloyd Blankfein, Jeff Imelt, Henry Kravis, Indra Nooyi.
He ends the day in DC, with a quiet dinner with President Barack Obama, and aides. They connect. Modi said later “we have similar interests” and “our wavelengths matched”.
Day 5, September 30: India-US formal bilateral meeting goes on for two hours, after which Obama accompanies Modi to the memorial of Martin Luther King.
That was noted. Experts found a renewed commitment by the two countries to the relationship. For Teresita Schaffer, the timing itself was a significant achievement.
She said the US normally never agrees to bilateral summits in DC during the UNGA. “If they agree to one there will be requests for more,” she said, “which they cannot turn down.”
Read: Modi returns home after hectic US visit
Obama took that chance, she added, and that points to something that had been missing earlier. Modi, too, took a chance, said Kugleman. He could have declined the invitation.
“Instead, he accepted it and took full advantage of his time in Washington. This is a strong signal of his intention to move beyond the past and to get this relationship back on track.”
And that looks like Mission Accomplished.
 

India to seek US help in hunt for Dawood IbrahimIndia to seek US help in hunt for Dawood Ibrahim
Harinder Baweja , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 02, 2014
First Published: 00:51 IST(2/10/2014) | Last Updated: 09:40 IST(2/10/2014)
The inclusion of underworld don and terror mastermind Dawood Ibrahim in an Indo-US joint statement for the first time was at the instance of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in consultations with national security adviser AK Doval, sources have told HT.
File photo of underworld don Dawood Ibrahim
The statement released in Washington Tuesday after the PM’s meeting with US President Barack Obama talked about cooperation in fighting terror and criminal networks.
“India is likely to seek America’s help to secure Dawood’s extradition as the next step to the joint statement," an official told HT.
Read: All efforts on to arrest Dawood: Rajnath Singh
 
Wanted in the 1993 Mumbai blasts that killed 250 people, Dawood is believed to be living in Pakistan under the patronage of the country’s dreaded spy agency the ISI.
“The leaders stressed the need for joint and concerted efforts, including the dismantling of safe havens for terrorist and criminal networks, to disrupt all financial and tactical support for networks such as al Qaeda, Lashkar-e-Taiba, Jaish-e-Mohammad, the D-company, and the Haqqanis,” the statement said. The D-company is a reference often used to describe India’s most wanted criminal’s widespread network of illegal activities.
Doval, who has stayed back in the US to discuss terrorism and security, is likely to bring up Dawood with his American counterparts.
As the head of the Intelligence Bureau, Doval worked hard to bring Dawood to justice and the agency had even taken the help of a rival gang headed by Chhota Rajan. Dawood is spoken of as the “Indian Osama bin Laden” in India’s intelligence and strategic circles.
Read: Pak minister criticises Modi's remarks on Dawood
“The mention of D-company in the statement was a well thought-out plan that had been actioned before Modi reached America," another official familiar with the development said. The US, which went along with India’s suggestion, had in 2003 named Dawood a global terrorist for his links with the Lashkar and al Qaeda. India, it is learnt, also shared with the US the proof of Dawood’s presence in Pakistan.
The extradition of the don, who was Tuesday declared a proclaimed offender by the Delhi high court in the IPL spot-fixing case, has been high on the PM’s agenda.
In an interview to a Gujarati news channel in the run-up to the Lok Sabha elections, Modi had said he would want to bring Dawood back to India if voted to power. Getting the US on board is being seen as a significant step. “We hope to be able to track his movements and get him to face trial in India," an official said.

US factory activity grows in SeptemberUS factory activity grows in September
BofA Board Names CEO Brian Moynihan ChairmanAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Modi promises to improve ease of doing biz; invites US investorsCEOs
(He promised firm action…)
WASHINGTON: Prime Minister Narendra Modi declared that the government has no "business to be in business", possibly signalling a shift in his views on privatisation and strategic sales of public sector firms, as he urged American investors to come to India before the queue to invest in the country gets too long.
"I believe that the government has no business to be there in business," Modi told businessmen in Washington on Tuesday at his final engagement in the US before leaving for New Delhi. "It's not the government's job to do trade. Our job is to facilitate and create opportunities— this will be our role."
He promised firm action on improving the ease of doing business Promising to simplify business processes and regulations in the next six months, Modi said, "Whatever may have been India's ranking on the ease of doing business index (134), I have now told officials that I don't want to be so low on this ranking and have given them specific parameters to improve quickly."
Modi said his government understands it's important for investors to have "proper, if not world-class, infrastructure", a peaceful labour environment, skilled human resources and a friendly ecosystem. Any perceived antagonism should be regarded as a thing of the past.
"Whatever may have been your experience in the past, good or bad, now the time has changed, intentions have changed and the objectives have changed. I am trying to revive trust in India, forgetting whatever may have happened," said Modi, looking a little weary at the fag end of a hectic schedule in New York and Washington, throughout which he has been fasting for the navratras.
Still, he didn't let up on his marketing pitch. "I can say with confidence that there isn't a single reason I can think of for the economy to lag behind. There is no need to assess why India is lagging behind - you just need to take a small decision - to go ahead (and invest)," the PM told more than 300 business leaders. Reinforcing commitment to investors and citing the business-minded approach of Gujaratis like himself, Modi said that he doesn't believe that investors need concessions to come and set up shop in India.
"According to my experience, in vestors want effective and easy governance and a facility to avoid difficulties of red-tapism. Whether they get a red carpet or not, getting stuck in red tape is a big problem if an investment planned in 2014 with an eye on commencing production in 2016 gets delayed as entire viability of business goes for a toss," he said.
He stressed that his government has developed a road map for reforms, saying that much more is needed to be done. "You also need a vibrant government and economy, as otherwise all these factors won't matter. Fiscal deficit should be low, tax terrorism must be eliminated and taxation should be simple. After taking charge, I have given these issues top priority," he said.
He also highlighted India's $10 billion programme to sell stakes in state-run companies and said he doesn't believe that the government has the best ideas on how to deal with every issue. "People outside have more ideas and capabilities. So we want to work on public-private partnerships while taking on board people's opinions and feedback on every policy. The government's role should be of a facilitator," he said.
 
Inviting US investors to India, Modi said he fully understands that nobody does business for charity but to make a good return on investment. There should be give and take between US investors and India so that they can prosper from the Indian market while creating jobs for millions of young people. Modi was speaking at a reception hosted by the US India Business Council, where he also had a private meeting with select CEOs. '
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cos may avoid upgrading to Windows 10 | Like rich uncle to Amazon India: BezosCompanies may avoid upgrading to Windows 10 because of the bitter experience with Windows 8
Varun Aggarwal & Sneha Jha, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 06.39AM IST
Tags:
Microsoft
(Microsoft wants you to upgrade…)
BANGALORE/MUMBAI: Microsoft wants you to upgrade your Prius with a Tesla. That's the analogy used by Joe Belfiore, corporate vice-president, operating systems group, Microsoft, at the Windows 10 launch event in San Francisco to highlight the leap taken by the company with the new operating system (OS).
The only hitch is that you need to be confident that your new electric car won't catch fire. "Windows 10 will work on the broadest type of devices ever. From the smallest Internet of Things to enterprise data centres worldwide," Microsoft vice-president, operating system, Terry Myerson, told the audience on Tuesday, while explaining why the new iteration of their OS is called Windows 10 and not Windows 9. Microsoft is also expected to offer a free upgrade to Windows 10 for Windows 8 users.
But that hasn't got any Indian enterprise excited. Reason? The bad aftertaste left by Windows 8 adoption. With more than 10% of his company's desktops running on Windows 8, Vikram Dhanda , senior vice-president, IT, shared services, at Aegis told ET how many users wanted to move back to Windows 7 after getting frustrated with the Windows 8 user interface.
He feels a free upgrade to Windows 10 will be too little too late. "Delayed gratification is the term used for this kind of inducement but I don't think it will work. The reason is that we have become intolerant of irritants particularly when there are so many choices and alternatives that are available," he said.
The extent of the failure of Windows 8 can be seen from its deployment figures. Even after two years of launch, Windows 8 and Windows 8.1 combined have a desktop operating system market share of only about 12%, according to the portal Netmarketshare. Windows XP on the other hand commands a 24% market share even though Microsoft stopped supporting the OS in April this year.
"The cost of the software is not what has prevented most organisations from moving to Windows 8 — it's the cost of compatibility testing, application remediation and doing the actual upgrade," said Michael Silver, VP and re earch director at Gartner. Silver said even a free upgrade to Windows 10 will not be enough to push enterprises to adopt it and expressed his scepticism over Microsoft's ability to offer a smooth transition to Windows 10 for enterprises.
"A free software up grade is not a slam dunk that organisations will deploy it," he said. Tata Motors, which has more than 20,000 PCs installed, has only a small number of them running on Windows 8. When asked if he'll consider moving these 20,000 systems to Windows 10 if it's offered as a free upgrade, chief information officer Jagdish Belwal said the cost of the OS was not the only concern for him.
"In enterprises, it is more about your security, compatibility and manageability. We manage 20,000 computers centrally. For us it becomes imperative that all tools and processes that we use to manage these systems work on the new OS." Mohit Bhishikar , CIO of Persistent Systems, has decided to hold on to the more stable Windows 7.
"The overall industry response on Windows 8 was poor. There were challenges relating to usability and security. So we decided to stick to Windows 7," he said. Bhishikar now wants to adopt a wait and watch policy toward Windows 10. DTDC Cargo and Courier, which is piloting Windows 10, has a mixed initial response toward the OS.
"We currently have concerns over legacy and custom-based applications support as some of our legacy custom applications are giving errors due to some of the old libraries on Windows 10," said general manager, IT, Satyajit Sarkar. He, however, welcomed the refreshing new interface of Windows 10 with features such as the start menu, multiple desktops and universal app store.
He didn't comment on whether he'll be looking at upgrading the company's PCs to Windows 10. Reliance Entertainment-Digital is running the Windows 8 OS on 60% of its desktops and laptops.
The transition process to Windows 8 was filled with challenges. "The OS was disappointing in terms of enhancements, user interface, speed and security," said Sayed Peerzade, VP, technology. However, Peerzade is optimistic that the much-touted successor of Windows 8 will reflect Microsoft's efforts towards course correction.
"I am hopeful that with Windows 10 Microsoft will address the issues plaguing the previous version." The performance of Windows 10 is going to be critical for Microsoft in view of Windows 8 having received a lukewarm response and XP's sunset, said Sanchit Vir Gogia, chief analyst at Greyhound Research.
"We believe under Satya's leadership, Windows 10 should be able to win back the trust on their OS," he said, referring to new CEO Satya Nadella .
FEATURED ARTICLES

FIIs can buy up to 45% stake in Apollo Tyres: RBIOct 01, 2014, 08.58 PM IST  | Source: PTI
FIIs can buy up to 45% stake in Apollo Tyres: RBI
The RBI monitors the ceilings on FII/NRI/PIO investments in Indian companies on a daily basis. To effectively monitor the limit, RBI has fixed cut-off points two percentage points lower than the actual ceiling.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
FIIs can buy up to 45% stake in Apollo Tyres: RBI
The RBI monitors the ceilings on FII/NRI/PIO investments in Indian companies on a daily basis. To effectively monitor the limit, RBI has fixed cut-off points two percentage points lower than the actual ceiling.
Post your opinion here
 
Foreign investors have been allowed by the RBI to buy up to 45 per cent of the paid-up equity capital in Apollo Tyres .
"Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs)/Registered Foreign Portfolios Investors (RFPIs), through primary market and stock exchanges, can now purchase up to 45 per cent of the paid-up capital of Apollo Tyres Limited under the Portfolio Investment Scheme (PIS)," RBI said in a notification.
The tyre manufacturer had passed resolutions at the board level and a special resolution agreeing to enhance the limit from 40 per cent to 45 per cent for purchase of its equity shares and convertible debentures by FIIs/RFPIs. Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs), Registered Foreign Portfolios Investors (RFPIs), NRIs and PIOs (Persons of Indian Origins) can invest in primary and secondary capital markets in India through PIS.
The RBI monitors the ceilings on FII/NRI/PIO investments in Indian companies on a daily basis. To effectively monitor the limit, RBI has fixed cut-off points two percentage points lower than the actual ceiling.
Shares of the company closed 2.98 per cent lower at Rs 197 per scrip on the BSE today.
Apollo Tyres stock price
On November 24, 2014, at  13:16 hrs Apollo Tyres was quoting at Rs 226.85, up Rs 3.15, or 1.41 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 242.70 and the 52-week low was Rs 74.25.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 10.62 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 21.36. The latest book value of the company is Rs 53.62 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.23.
RELATED NEWS

OPPO N1 Mini review: The camera on a hingeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Zuckerberg to visit India later this month  meet ModiZuckerberg to visit India later this month, meet Modi
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 01, 2014
First Published: 21:08 IST(1/10/2014) | Last Updated: 10:33 IST(2/10/2014)
Comments
After Amazon’s Jeff Bezos and Micrsoft’s Satya Nadella, it’s now the turn of Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to visit India.
Zuckerberg, who is slated to meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi, will be in the country to address the first Internet.org summit taking place on October 9-10 in the city. India is Facebook’s second-biggest market after the US. 
The young billionaire is expected to meet members of other key ministries as well. This will be the third highprofile visit by a CEO of a US-based company.
Zuckerberg, who recently snapped up the popular instant messaging service company Whatsapp early this year, joins the growing list of global corporate leaders focusing on India as a major market.
With over one billion users globally, the company gets over 100 million users from India. Many of these users log onto the networking site from their mobile devices.
Facebook chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg had met Modi earlier this year.
The meeting with Zuckerberg assumes significance in the backdrop of Sandberg’s discussion with the Prime Minister. Sandberg had suggested the use of Facebook for improving governance, better interaction between people and the government, and for attracting more tourists to India.
With the new government pushing for a digital India to enable wider use of the Internet, the summit is expected to help boost growth in the webspace. It will bring together experts, officials and industry leaders to focus on ways to deliver more Internet services for people in languages other than English.
 Internet.Org aims to make Internet access affordable for people across the globe. Focussed on enabling the next five billion people to come online, the founding members of the project include Facebook, Ericsson, MediaTek, Nokia, Opera, Qualcomm and Samsung.

Envoys write to MEA  seek probe on attack on Africans in DelhiComments
The ambassadors of Gabon and Burkina Faso have written to the ministry of external affairs seeking a "fair probe" into the attack on three African nationals at New Delhi's Rajiv Chowk Metro station last Sunday, the Indian Express reported on Thursday.
 
The three students — Gabon's Mapaga and Yohan and Burkina Faso's Guira — were beaten up by a mob at the Rajiv Chowk Metro station in the presence of policemen.
According to the Express, Gabon's ambassador to India Desire Koumba and Burkina Faso's Idriss Raoua Ouedraogo wrote to the MEA "expressing deep concern” and urging the government to "work in close cooperation with police for a fair investigation".
The three men were rescued by CISF personnel, posted at the station, who dispersed the crowd. The students were then taken to hospital by the police.
Though the attack on three men was caught on camera and has been posted on YouTube, no one has been arrested so far.
The police says it has identified at least three men among the attackers. A case has been registered against unknown people for rioting.
(With inputs from agencies)

Durga puja on wheels for cancer patients in West BengalOct 02, 2014 at  05:17pm IST
Durga puja on wheels for cancer patients in West Bengal
39
0
Kolkata: While thousands rush to the pandals to catch a glimpse of goddess durga, there are some who can't make it to the durga puja pandals. It's the biggest carnival for the people of West bengal,but at the Barasat cancer hospital, it's anything but celebration. For the patients fighting for their lives, taking part in durga puja festivities, is too much to ask for.
However, this year the goddess herself is visiting those who can't visit her, riding on the wheels. Patients fighting for their lives are taking part in durga puja festivities through a durga puja vehicle which is complete with priests and drum beats.
The one-of-a-kind concept was launched by Rameez Dewan and Rajib Sharma. "We want to take the goddess to those who can't make it to her on their own," said an enthusiastic Rajib.
#durga puja #barasat cancer hospital #pandal #kolkata
The 4-day journey of the durga puja on wheels covers six towns in West Bengal including Barasat, Sodepur and Barrackpore. They take the goddess to the physically challenged, juvenile correctional facilities and to others who are unable to walk long distances. Patients pray to durga for their good health and long life. "I want to see durga ma again next year with my kids," said a patient.
While some of the patients live in fear that this could be their last durga puja, while some the physical and mental pain is just too much to take. But as the goddess herself comes riding on wheels, reaching out to hundreds of people and giving her blessings, it certainly brings some relief to them in their hour of grief.
86

Clean Up India: 108 toilets built in Badaun but villagers unwilling to use them19
0
Badaun: As the government begins its Swacch Bharat campaign, NGOs Sulabh International is leaving no stone unturned to provide the locals with adequate toilets in the Katra Sadatganj village in Badaun in Uttar Pradesh. Brick by brick, NGO Sulabh International has built 108 toilets in the Badaun village. The NGO has plans to provide 295 more so that each house has a toilet. But interestingly, a small section of the residents, prefer not to use them.
"People complain that they feel claustrophobic using a toilet and prefer to go out in the open. Some also say that these toilets are so good that they hesitate from using it," Village Pradhan Kamal Kant Tiwari said.
Infact, a lady in the village went on the extent to say that the toilets are so well made that she would rather store twigs and cow dung in the only pucca and water proof part of the house. "I like toilet as it is made better than house. So I will use it as store room to keep utensils and fuel," she said.
#clean up india #clean india #swacch bharat #sulabh international
Like a bitter reality in many villages in India, toilets are low priority in this village as well.
An extremely backward village, Katra Sadatganj mostly has mud huts with thatch roofs. The colourful pink and blue toilets almost adorn the village.
To help people overcome their hesitation, Sulabh infact had to employ two volunteers to go around the village and convince the residents to start using them.
Incidently, this is the same village where two sisters were found hanging from a tree after they went out in the dead of the night to releive themselves. In these circumstances, toilets at homes are a boon for women residents who had to wait all day long for nightfall to go out and defecate in the open.
"My daughter-in-law would not return from their natal homes because of lack of toilets," a village resident Munni said.
For the old and infirm and handicapped too, toilets are a big relief. "I'm very relieved to have a toilet. I just need to get up from my bed and go to the adjoining toilet. Earlier my wife would have to carry everything outside. People would stare at her," a physically challenged resident Vijender said.
51

Here s why Maruti Suzuki is still a good buyOct 02, 2014, 09.20 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Here's why Maruti Suzuki is still a good buy
Auto analyst Surajit Arora of Prabhudas Lilladher says Maruti Suzuki is a good buy at current levels as he expects the company’s sales momentum to be maintained through Ciaz sales.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here's why Maruti Suzuki is still a good buy
Auto analyst Surajit Arora of Prabhudas Lilladher says Maruti Suzuki is a good buy at current levels as he expects the company’s sales momentum to be maintained through Ciaz sales.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Four wheeler major Maruti Suzuki , India’s largest carmaker, notched up domestic passenger vehicle sales of 99,290 in September, 9.8 percent higher than the 90,399 units sold in the same month last year.
The company’s exports, however, fell 28.2 percent year-on-year to 10,452 units from 14,565 last September, bringing the total monthly sales tally to 1,09,742 units (up 4.6 percent overall).
Auto analyst Surajit Arora of Prabhudas Lilladher says Maruti Suzuki is a good buy at current levels as he expects the company’s sales momentum to be maintained through Ciaz sales.
He, however, says the Alto and Wagon-R or the small car segment has seen some decline on an year-on-year (YoY) basis and that is the main reason of disappointment. But barring that segment on the domestic side, they have done pretty well with 10 percent kind of volume growth YoY.
“With Ciaz coming into the portfolio from next month onwards the volume momentum will sustain at these levels given that Ciaz might add 3,000 to 4,000 per month,” he adds.
Echoing Arora’s views, Ajay Shethiya, Research Analyst, Centrum Broking does not see Maruti as a big disappointment because of the timing difference in terms of Shrad period and the festive period. So, considering the average for the month of August and September, the overall growth stands at 18 percent, he says in an interview to CNBC-TV18. 
But considering the combined volume for September and August and seeing the year-on-year (YoY) growth, 17-18 percent overall growth looks fairly decent, he concludes.
RELATED NEWS

IISc enters World University Rankings 2014-15IISc enters World University Rankings 2014-15
PTI
A view of the Indian Institute of Science campus in Bangalore
London, Oct 1:  
Indian Institute of Science has made its debut in the annual World University Rankings 2014-15 released here tonight, figuring in the top 300.
However, the country still failed to make its mark in the definitive top 200 of the ‘Times Higher Education’ prestigious league table, which is topped by the California Institute of Technology for the fourth consecutive year followed by Harvard University in second place and University of Oxford at third place.
India features only in the unranked section, with IIS and Panjab University in the 276—300 category, followed by the Indian Institute of Technology Bombay and Roorkee in the 351—400 range.
“It is good news that India now has two universities in the world top 300, compared to just one last year, thanks to the participation for the first time in the rankings this year of the IISc.
“IISc joins Panjab University in the 276—300 group,” said Phil Baty, the editor of the ‘Times Higher Education’ World University Rankings.
“But it should be a cause for serious concern that a country of India’s size, growing economic strength and great intellectual history, does not yet have a top-200 entrant, and does not seem to be making enough progress up the rankings.
“The world rankings are extremely competitive, as many countries put serious resources into improving the global profile and performance of their universities as part of their economic growth plans, and India needs to ensure it does not fall too far behind,” he added.
The US continues to dominate the rankings, taking seven of the top 10 places and 15 of the top 20.
But this year it has lost significant ground and has 74 universities in the top 200, down from 77 last year.
Overall, it was a strong year for Asia with 24 universities from the Asian continent in the top 200, compared to 20 last year.
This year, two Asian institutions appear in the world top 25 — Tokyo University and the National University of Singapore.
The University of Oxford slips one place from joint second to third, Stanford University holds fourth place and the UK’s University of Cambridge moves up two places to fifth.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (down one place to sixth), Princeton University (down one place to seventh), the University of California, Berkeley (holding eighth) and Imperial College London and Yale University (sharing ninth place) complete the top 10.
The 11th annual edition of the rankings were powered by Thomson Reuters and used 13 separate performance indicators to examine a university’s strengths against all its core missions — research, knowledge transfer, international outlook and the teaching environment, among many others.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Thousands swarm HK leaders office as calls grow to quitChina backs HK leader as pressure to quit grows
PTI
Tweet
Reuters Police officers install metal fences near the entrance to the offices of Hong Kong's Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying in Hong Kong, October 2, 2014. Hong Kong's leader is willing to let pro-democracy demonstrations blocking large areas of the city go on for weeks if necessary, a source close to him said, while defiant protesters vowed they would not budge.
Hong Kong, Oct 2:  
Hong Kong pro-democracy protesters demanded the city's embattled leader heed their ultimatum to resign today, but China backed him "firmly and unshakably" and pledged support for the police.
Demonstrators, who have shut down central areas of the southern Chinese city with a mass sit-in, have given Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying until midnight to step down, or face escalated action.
But Beijing put its weight behind Leung with an editorial in Communist Party mouthpiece the People's Daily today warning against chaos in the city.
"Central government will continue to firmly and unshakably support legal measures and policies taken by administration leader C Y Leung, and... the police of the special territory in handling these illegal protests according to the law," it said.
The comment piece accused pro-democracy group Occupy Central of violating Hong Kong's laws and said the city would "fall into chaos" if the situation is not dealt with.
Days of peaceful demonstrations have seen tens of thousands of people take over usually traffic-heavy streets in Hong Kong as they demand Beijing grant fully free elections in the semi-autonomous city.
Beijing's latest comments came after China's foreign minister issued a stern warning to the United States not to meddle in its "internal affairs".
"All countries should respect China's sovereignty and this is a basic principle of governing international relations," Wang Yi told US Secretary of State John Kerry at a press conference.
Kerry replied urging Hong Kong authorities to "exercise restraint and respect the protesters' right to express their views peacefully".
The demonstrators consider Leung a Beijing stooge and protest leaders want today's ultimatum to be met. "We will consider having different operating actions in future days, including occupying other places like important government offices," said Agnes Chow of student movement Scholarism.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

LIVE: Do not politicise Swachh Bharat campaign  says PM Narendra ModiComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday launched his first major social campaign since assuming office, one for a filth-free India or Swachh Bharat, sweeping up dirt on the road outside Valmiki Sadan, a colony of neglected sanitation workers.
Seeking to set an example by working the broom on Mahatma Gandhi’s 145th birthday, Modi called upon every Indian to realise Gandhi’s dream of clean surroundings and brought a fading Gandhian ideal back into public imagination.
“We all have a solemn duty…which is to clean up the blot of grime on Mother India. Gandhiji gave us freedom, but we are yet to be free from filth and dirt. Don’t look at this just as a government initiative,” Modi said, appealing to citizens to undo India’s reputation of poor public hygiene.
Read: Swachh Bharat: Mumbai students wield brooms, clean up school campus
Wielding the broom, Modi launched the Clean India mission, saying it is beyond politics and inspired by patriotism.
Debunking criticism that his government has been taking credit for every achievement, the prime minister acknowledged the efforts of all previous governments to make India clean. 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi sweeps a street in a residential colony in New Delhi. (AFP photo)
 Read: Swachh Bharat Abhiyan launched in Punjab, Haryana on Gandhi Jayanti
"I am not talking politics...this is beyond politics.This is inspired my patriotism not politcs. We do not have to do with an eye on politics.
I say that with a clean heart... If we paint this again with a brush of politics, we will again do a disservice to Mother India," he said.
"All the governments in this country have made one or the other effort to do this work. Several political, social and cultural organizations have made efforts in this direction. I salute all those, who have worked," Modi said in his address at his next stop Rajpath. At Rajpath, the capital’s grand vista, Modi administered a public oath on cleanliness to schoolchildren, with actor Aamir Khan by his side to endorse the Swachh Bharat campaign.
Modi paid tributes at Rajghat to Gandhi and at Vijay Ghat to Lal Bahadur Shashtri – the former PM was born on Oct 2 – before reaching Valmiki Sadan.
 
The stop at the swarming housing estate of Valmikis, a Dalit group and erstwhile “untouchables”, was symbolic. By launching his campaign from this neglected landmark, Modi nudged the public for a change in social attitudes.
After a brief prayer inside the Valmiki temple, he spent some time inside a one-room hutment which was once Mahtama Gandhi’s temporary home.
He then interacted with dozens of schoolgirls, who queued up to get their caps autographed by Modi. “He is the first PM to clean roads. Nobody would do this before,” said Geeta Rawat, a student of NP Girls’ School.
The Rs. 62,000 crore Swachh Bharat Abhyan,  India's biggest cleanliness drive, will cover over 4000 towns in the next five years.
Administering the cleanliness  pledge, along with ministers Venkaiah Naidu and Nitin Gadkari and film actor Aamir Khan, he said that this task is not the responsibility only of sanitation workers  or the government but of all the 125 crore Indians.
"If we can reach Mars, we can clean India," the PM said.
 
He also said that the campaign should not be seen as a mere photo opportunity.
 
The prime minister said that he is aware that the criticism of this programme will begin in just a few days  and that he is confident his countrymen would not let him down.
Read: Jharkhand will pose biggest challenge for Modi’s Swachh Bharat
The prime minister countered Congress criticism that his government behaves as if everything happened only after he came to power. "I do not make any claim that the government, which has been elected to power just now, has done everything."
Congress has been attacking Modi accusing him of taking credit of initiatives undertaken by the UPA regimes and trying to give an impression that every good work was done only by him.
 
Recalling that he had congratulated all governments even from the ramparts of Red Fort, Modi said,"even today from this stage, I greet and salute all the governments--central, state and municipal, social organizations which have worked in this direction, whether they are leaders from Sarvodaya or workers of Seva Dal. I launch this programme with their blessings."
 
Maintaining that everybody deserved kudos, the prime minister urged everyone not to make political barbs on the issue.
 
Watch: If we can reach Mars, we can clean India: Modi
"Everybody before us has worked for it. Under Mahatma Gandhi's leadership, the Congress had led it...Who was successful, who was not. Let us not get into it who has done it, who has not. We should work responsibly," he said. 
Read: India's 'toilet guru' works to flush away open defecation
PM Modi's 'Swachh Bharat Challenge'
In his bid to make 'Swachh Bharat'a people's movement, Modi  initiated a chain by inviting nine eminent personalities including cricket icon Sachin Tendulkar and several actors to spread awareness on cleanliness.
 
The PM appeared inspired by the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge, which had gone viral in recent months, as he asked the celebrities to nominate nine more people to join the campaign and hoped that the chain would continue.
 
Among those nominated by the PM are film actors Salman Khan, Priyanka Chopra and Kamal Hassan, industrialist Anil Ambani, Goa Governor Mridula Sinha and Congress leader Shashi Tharoor, yoga guru Ramdev and the team of TV serial "Tarak Mehta Ka Ulta Chashma".
During his Independence Day speech, Modi had called for a cleaner India by October 2, 2019, in time for Gandhi’s 150th birth anniversary.
 

Indian ADRs: ICICI Bank  Infosys slip; Wipro gainsOct 02, 2014, 09.45 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indian ADRs: ICICI Bank, Infosys slip; Wipro gains
In the banking space, ICICI Bank slipped 2.69 percent at USD 47.78 and HDFC Bank was down 0.97 percent at USD 46.13.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian ADRs: ICICI Bank, Infosys slip; Wipro gains
In the banking space, ICICI Bank slipped 2.69 percent at USD 47.78 and HDFC Bank was down 0.97 percent at USD 46.13.
Post your opinion here
 
Indian ADRs ended mostly higher on Wednesday. In the IT space, Infosys was down 0.51 percent at USD 60.18 and Wipro rose 0.16 percent at USD 12.18.
In the banking space, ICICI Bank slipped 2.69 percent at USD 47.78 and HDFC Bank was down 0.97 percent at USD 46.13.
In the other sectors, Tata Motors jumped 0.89 percent at USD 44.10 and Dr Reddy's Laboratories shed 0.49 percent at USD 52.29.
RELATED NEWS

Aamir Khan appeals to every Indian to join  Swachh Bharat AbhiyanAamir Khan appeals to every Indian to join 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan'
CNN-IBN | Oct 02, 2014 at 09:37am
Bollywood superstar Aamir Khan appeals to every Indian to come together and join the 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan' (Clean Up India campaign). 'This should not be viewed as just a photo-op occasion, 'Clean India' is the campaign we should proud of,' the actor said.
Jharkhand elections: Sonia Gandhi urges people of Daltonganj to vote for Congress
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

No reprieve for Jayalalithaa as HC defers hearing to Oct 6No reprieve for Jayalalithaa as HC defers hearing to Oct 6
Narendra Modi launches Swachh Bharat  sets target 2019Print
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with NDMC workers in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Pragya Kaushika | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 10:37 am | Updated: October 3, 2014 8:01 am
With a pledge, a social media blitz and an ice bucket challenge-like campaign , Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday launched the “Swachh Bharat” campaign in Delhi. Aimed at making India clean by 2019, and symbolically kicked off on Gandhi Jayanti, Modi urged all citizens to be a part of the campaign that he termed “beyond politics” and “patriotic”.
Aiming to turn “Swachh Bharat” into a national programme and freeing it from bureaucratic red tape, Modi invited people from various walks of life to be part of the campaign. He initiated a chain, on the lines of the ALS ice bucket challenge, inviting nine personalities through social media to take up the challenge to clean India.
“I have invited Goa Governor Mridula Sinha, Baba Ramdev, Shashi Tharoor, Kamal Haasan, Salman Khan, Priyanka Chopra, Sachin Tendulkar, Anil Ambani and the entire team of Tarak Mehta Ka Oolta Chashma. I expect them to further extend invitations to nine more,” he said. “Social media will bring about a revolution in this cleanliness drive,” Modi said.
Modi’s day began with a visit to Rajghat in the morning before a pre-planned visit to Valmiki Sadan, where he inaugurated a bio-digester toilet. En route, the PM stopped over at the Mandir Marg police station for an unscheduled check. On finding a part of the police station area littered, Modi picked up a broom and swept it, even as police officers rushed to join him.
Highlights: PM Modi on ‘Swachh Bharat Mission’
Addressing a mixed crowd comprising government school students, BJP leaders and workers, and government employees at Rajpath, he said, “I said as much from the ramparts of Red Fort then and I will say it again. Every government before us worked for such an ideal. Under Gandhiji, the Congress ran a similar campaign. And I would like to greet all government agencies who have worked to keep India clean, whether they are from sarvodaya or from Seva Dal. I believe cultural, religious and political leaders have done their bit to keep the country clean.”
PM plans social media challenge to clean India
In his half-an-hour speech, he said, “We are celebrating the birth anniversary of Lal Bahadur Shastri too. It’s because of his slogan, ‘Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan’, that there was abundance of foodgrain in the country. I ask all of you to devote at least 100 hours of your time every year to achieve the goal of a clean India.”
The PM  also announced that he had started #MyCleanIndia campaign on Twitter. “If you see garbage anywhere, please take a picture and upload on social media. Then take a video of you cleaning it and then upload the photo of the clean spot too. I urge the media to bring out stories of people who have set an example by making their areas clean. Every small story will encourage thousands. Recognising such people is not a political move but is an act of patriotism. And Modi will be one of the names among them.”
Before administering the clean India pledge to those present on the lawns of India Gate, the PM said, “I would like to ask all of you whether safai karmacharis are solely responsible for keeping the country clean. Take this task as a service to Mother India. We should know we are doing a disservice to nation when we litter. I know the task to make India clean by 2019 is a tough one. But, with support from all of you, we know we will be able to achieve it. People, after touring countries abroad, praise them for their cleanliness. I ask, have you seen their citizens littering? It is clean because everyone participates in keeping it clean.”
 
The PM also quoted a few statistics from WHO to support the campaign. “According to the WHO report, poor sanitation costs every Indian Rs 6,500 per year. Don’t trust me or my government but trust Mahatma Gandhi’s dream for a clean India,” he said.
(With inputs from Naveed Iqbal)
 

Clean India is a campaign for 125 crore people: ModiClean India is a campaign for 125 crore people: Modi
Narendra Modi will take off where Uddhav Thackeray didNarendra Modi will take off where Uddhav Thackeray did
US Secret Service director Julia Pierson resigns over security breachesUS Secret Service director Julia Pierson resigns over security breaches
Modi visit very successful: US think tankModi visit very successful: US think tank
PM Modi officially flags off  Swachh Bharat AbhiyanPM Modi officially flags off  Swachh Bharat Abhiyan
Why India s coal policy needs a makeoverHi Guest
Why India's coal policy needs a makeover
Realistically, coal will be the major fuel for electricity generation in India, as in America, for a long time, notes Shyam Ponappa.  The Supreme Court judgment on the allocation of coal mines raises a number of questions on all resource allocation and usage in India. Given the present state of our economy, society, living standards and productivity, and of our institutions, the need is for the government to frame a sound approach plan for resource use in the public interest. A number of ...

How PayPal lost out on Apple Pay dealHow PayPal lost out on Apple Pay deal
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos: High expectations from IndiaAmazon CEO Jeff Bezos: High expectations from India
Nation pays homage to Mahatma Gandhi on 145th birth anniversaryNation pays homage to Mahatma Gandhi on 145th birth anniversary
PTI
Tweet
THE HINDU ARCHIVES Mahatma Gandhi arriving at 10, Downing Street to have a chat with Ramsay MacDonald, in New Delhi.
Huge crowd gathered to have Darshan of Mahatma Gandhi, while passing through Nagpur on November 30, 1945. He is seen here receiving donation for Harijan funds
New Delhi, Oct 2:  
The nation today remembered Mahatma Gandhi on his 145th birth anniversary with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and other leaders paying floral tributes at his memorial here.
Vice President Hamid Ansari, former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Congress President Sonia Gandhi, Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan, Union Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu and Minister of State for External Affairs V K Singh were among those who also paid homage to the Father of the Nation.
Naidu was the first to arrive at Rajghat, Mahatma Gandhi’s ‘samadhi’, followed by Congress president Sonia Gandhi who was accompanied by former Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit.
After a while, former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh arrived at Rajghat and paid floral tributes.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi made a brief visit to the memorial. Clad in a light blue kurta and a white Nehru jacket, Modi arrived at Rajghat around 7:40 a.m. where he was received by Venkaiah Naidu.
He went straight to the ‘samadhi’ where after offering floral tributes, Modi bowed his head. Manmohan Singh and Modi greeted each other with folded hands when the latter approached the sitting area.
The Prime Minister sat there for some time before he left for his other engagements.
An all-religion prayer was conducted during the ceremony.
The favourite hymns of Gandhi were also played on the occasion. A large number of schoolchildren, foreigners and common people had also gathered at the venue to pay tributes to Gandhi.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

TERI  US firm to set up centre of excellence for green buildingsTERI, US firm to set up centre of excellence for green buildings
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Oct 2:  
An Indian environment body and an American firm have signed an agreement to set up a Centre of Excellence to address energy diagnostics and evaluate energy efficiency in existing buildings in India.
The memorandum of understating between The Energy and Resources Institute (TERI) and United Technologies Corporation (UTC) would help India move in the direction of efficient use of energy resources and protection of the environment, Director-General and President TERI North America, RK Pachauri, said yesterday.
“With India’s expected urban expansion over the next 20 years, it’s imperative that we make India’s existing and future buildings more energy efficient. UTC’s contribution to create this new Center of Excellence is a major step forward in supporting that mission,” said Dr J Michael McQuade of UTC.
“Buildings are a source of emissions of various gases and pollutants, and directly as well as indirectly, they account for about 19 per cent of greenhouse gases globally,” Pachauri said.
“Today we have knowledge and experience with technologies and techniques by which emissions can be reduced appreciably without compromising on comfort and convenience for users of buildings. For India, higher energy efficiency in buildings is also essential for ensuring energy security for the nation,” he said.
Globally, buildings account for 40 per cent of the total energy consumption. By using energy efficient technologies, energy consumption could be reduced by up to 60 per cent.
In India, the building sector accounts for approximately 35 per cent of the total energy consumption and is growing at a rate of 8 per cent annually. In the United States, the contribution of the building sector is around 40 per cent of the total energy consumption.
The Center of Excellence will work towards development of energy use reporting framework for the existing buildings, evaluation of the existing building energy rating systems, derivation of tool and techniques for energy management, real time reporting of consumption, and identification and cost benefit analysis of conservation measures.
It would also help in development of measurement and verification protocol for establishing the energy saving potential of various energy conservation measures, formulation of design and retrofit guidelines that could be suggested as an addendum to relevant codes and standards, and development of supportive standards and regulation that will enable market uptake of energy efficient technologies.
The announcement was made at the Fifth US-India Energy Partnership Summit organised here.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Birth Control Is Free Under Obamacare  But Not Everyone Got The MemoBirth Control Is Free Under Obamacare, But Not Everyone Got The Memo
Posted:
Updated:
09/29/2014  5:59 pm EDT
Filling a birth control prescription? You probably don't have to pay because of a benefit created by the Affordable Care Act. | Getty Images
reddit
One of Obamacare's biggest selling points for women is the guarantee of no-cost birth control, a new benefit that includes all forms of contraception from the pill to tubal ligation.
But two years after the rules eliminating copayments for contraceptives took effect, some women are still forking over cash to the pharmacist when they pick up their pills or at the doctor's office when they obtain other forms of birth control.
Just last week, CVS announced it would send rebates to 11,000 women who were erroneously charged for their birth control pills at the company's stores because of a computer error. The snafu came to light when an aide to Rep. Jackie Speier (D-Calif.) had to pay $20 for birth control at a Washington CVS, which prompted an inquiry by the lawmaker.
So did President Barack Obama break a promise? Are health insurance companies and drugstores picking women's pockets?
The good news is that neither of those things is true, and eventually almost all women with health coverage won't have to pay a dime when they obtain contraceptives. The bad news is that it's a little complicated. Because of course it is. This is the American health care system, after all.
"American women don't really know what all the rules are," said Judy Waxman, vice president for health and reproductive rights at the National Women's Law Center. "All this is relatively new, and it's working fairly well. It just needs to be cleaned up and work better."
Some health insurance plans aren't yet required to comply with this part of Obamacare. Others never will have to cover birth control, such as those plans provided to employees of religious organizations. And as the CVS example illustrates, sometimes insurers and pharmacists just get it wrong, and women have to jump through hoops to set it straight.
"We do hear from women all over the country with what I will call glitches," Waxman said. "Not everybody understands what they're supposed to be doing."
First, the basics: The Affordable Care Act does require health insurance companies to cover all Food and Drug Administration-approved contraceptives -- including the pill, IUDs, the ring and the patch -- without any form of cost-sharing like copayments or deductibles. This requirement comes from the same part of the law that mandates no charges for preventive medicine, such as immunizations and cholesterol tests.
If you receive your health benefits from an employer and you're not sure whether you have to pay out-of-pocket to get contraception, you should ask a manager, the human resources office or the insurance company. If you buy health insurance on your own, check with the plan to find out what your contraceptive coverage is. All health insurance sold on the Obamacare exchanges includes no-cost birth control . If your insurance company still insists you owe copayments, you might have to file an appeal, Waxman said.
If you don't get straight answers from your employer or insurance provider, or if you feel like you're being ripped off, organizations such as the Planned Parenthood Action Fund and the National Women's Law Center can help, as can state insurance commissioners and the U.S. Department of Labor, Waxman said.
Despite its shortcomings and the confusion around how it's supposed to work, the Obamacare birth control mandate has had a huge impact: Many, many more women have access to no-cost contraception than before the law took effect, as this chart from the Guttmacher Institute, a reproductive health research organization, shows.
Source: The Guttmacher Institute
The share of women who obtained oral contraceptives without copayments rose from 15 percent in 2012 to 67 percent this year, according to a survey by the Guttmacher Institute. Women who used an injectable contraceptive or the ring saw a similarly major improvement in their benefits, and those using IUDs saw a somewhat smaller increase.
The effect on women's pocketbooks is striking: Women using contraceptives saved $483 million in copayments last year , according to IMS Institute for Healthcare Informatics, a branch of IMS Health that tracks pharmaceutical sales. (Obamacare didn't exactly make contraceptives "free," of course, because their cost now just gets included in the overall insurance cost.) The number of prescriptions filled for the pill also increased by 4.6 percent from the year before, IMS reported in April.
Top bar in millions of prescriptions. Bottom bar in millions of dollars. Source: IMS Institute for Healthcare Informatics
That's probably a big reason why this part of Obamacare is so popular . In a survey conducted this July, 60 percent of people said they supported mandated no-cost birth control, the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation found. Still, one-third of Americans didn't know about the no-cost birth control benefit as recently as March, and only one-fifth said they'd heard a lot about it, another survey by the foundation revealed.
Why do some women still have to pay up at the pharmacy or doctor's office? Because there are types of health insurance plans that currently don't have to provide this benefit.
The main category of such plans is what the Affordable Care Act calls "grandfathered" health insurance , meaning the plans can follow pre-Obamacare rules so long as the insurers don't make more than small changes to the benefits they offered on March 23, 2010, the day the president signed the law. About one-quarter of insured people are enrolled in these grandfathered plans, according to a survey of employers by the Kaiser Family Foundation and the Health Research and Educational Trust released last month.
But fewer and fewer women will have these grandfathered plans in future years as employers who provide health benefits and insurance companies adapt to Obamacare and start following all its rules. More than half of those with insurance had these old plans in 2011, and the share is steadily falling.
Then there are closely held for-profit companies like Hobby Lobby and religiously affiliated nonprofit organizations like Little Sisters of the Poor , which object to at least some forms of birth control. The Supreme Court decided this year that companies like Hobby Lobby can opt out of paying for their employees' contraceptives -- and gave groups like the Little Sisters a temporary reprieve from the mandate while their case moves through the courts. But the Obama administration maintains that women who work for these organizations must still somehow have access to contraception coverage.
These employers and the Obama administration continue to fight about this, so if you work for such an employer, you might have to pay for your birth control.
More:

PM Narendra Modi cult grows at Madison Square GardenSeptember 28, 2014, 11:45 pm IST TK Arun in Cursor | India , Times View | ET
16
Was it the repressed pride of a migrant community finding expression in the seeming resurgence of their nation back home? Was it the technological razzmatazz of a rock concert brought to bear on a political event? Was it a demonstration of the unthinking frenzy that can grip a crowd and render it into the malleable plaything of someone who takes control of it by willing himself to embody their collective aspirations? Modi at Madison Square Garden was all that. But more than anything else, it was a significant step in the ongoing building of a personality cult around Narendra Modi.
Modi massaged the egos of the migrant Indian community. He lived up to his audience’s expectation that he would commit himself to working miracles. He promised that he would do nothing that would make Indians hang their head shame. He invoked Gandhi time and again, subliminally claiming the legacy and legitimacy of a revered leader assassinated by a Hindu zealot.
He stressed India’s youth. He reiterated his faith in three Ds — Democracy, Demographic dividend and Demand — to drive India to the top of the world. He Promised to work with the people rather than for the people, to deliver development.
Modi invoked the sacrifice of the Sikh Gurus and promised to make development a mass movement the way Gandhi had made the freedom struggle a mass movement. He sought to instil the nation and its development into the discharge of duty by anyone, whether sweeper or doctor.
With all this, Modi promised to make the 21st century the century not just of Asian century but the century of India. Modi drew on the low cost of the successful Mars mission to not just illustrate the quality of Indian talent but also to assimilate that success into the growing Modi cult.
Modi reiterated his plans for skill development and financial inclusion. He made a pitch for his Make in India campaign and invited the NRI community to take advantage of India’s low costs and the better governance that he promises to bring about. Governance would be on your mobile, he promised. He invited the non-resident Indian community to visit mygov.in.
Modi derided the UPA government for enacting new laws, saying the need was to get rid of the plethora of antiquated laws that snare India. Of course, if he is aked which UPA law he proposes to get rid of, whether the Right to Information Act, the Forest Rights Act or the Acts to create various development rights, Modi would have no choice to backtrack this scorn and accept their desirability. But then, this was holding out a tasty something for the crowd to eat out of his hands, not a discussion on laws and policies.
Modi once again paraded his commitment to cleanse the Ganga, a mission that is a confluence at once of religious sentiment, environmental responsibility, water management and tourism development.
The NRI, in particular the Gujarati, is a practical person and is likely, even while being transported to a beautiful dream, to wake up and wonder what there was for him in all this rosy haze of paradise in the making. And Modi had something to offer the NRI. Welcome and sensible liberalisation of the benefits from Overseas Citizen of India and Person of Indian Origin status is on the cards.
Modi promised glory for the nation and accorded glory to himself, as the recipient of unparalleled love abroad for a leader of India. Indeed, no Indian leader has ever been the centre of such orchestrated mass adulation as Modi has been.
Modi has travelled abroad not just to win friends and influence people abroad but to conquer hearts home. In this mission he is likely to see much success. Modi will return from the US even larger than he was before, larger than his party, simply larger than life.
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

We see huge opportunity in power segment: Shobhit Uppal  Dy MD  ACILE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Manufacturing PMI falls to 9-month low in SeptemberManufacturing PMI falls to 9-month low in September
BS Reporter | New Delhi Oct 02, 2014 12:50 AM IST
Growth in manufacturing activities slowed to a nine-month low in September, as the pace of new orders declined, showed a widely-tracked HSBC Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI).
PMI was down to 51 points in September from 52.4 in August. The September score was the lowest since December 2013. Still, it represents growth in manufacturing, as a score above 50 points represents expansion.
Orders of some commodities might have been put on hold for a fortnight due to Pitra Paksh, when auspicious purchases are rarely done. If PMI remains subdued in the next month of Diwali as well, then it would indicate that revival of manufacturing might take a bit longer.
As demand loses steam, inflationary pressures from both input and output sides showed a deceleration. The data came a day after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kept its repo rate intact to rein in inflation.
Frederic Neumann, co-head of Asian Economic Research at HSBC and commentator of PMI India surveys, however, wanted RBI to keep rates elevated to check entrenched inflationary expectations.
“The central bank is likely to look beyond the near-term moderation and keep policy rates elevated so as to rein in entrenched inflation expectations,” he said.
RBI would rather see growth recover supported by supply-side reforms than through monetary policy stimulus, he said, even as industry chambers wanted the central bank to lower rates to give manufacturing a boost.
New orders rose for the 11th month in running in September but the rate of growth was weakest in these months. Growth was witnessed across sectors but the steepest rise was seen in capital goods sector. If so, this would be quite a contrast from the latest official data. In the Index of Industrial Production (IIP), capital goods output declined 3.8 per cent in July.
As growth in demand slowed down, companies cut on their inventories instead of producing more. “Responding to the slowdown, firms lowered purchases and trimmed inventories,” Neumann said.
However, manufacturers saw new business from abroad grow at an accelerated pace in September. Respondents to the survey pointed to strengthening demand from key export clients. This might mark a pleasant surprise since the biggest India’s export partner — European Union — has been facing slowing growth.
If reflected in official data, this might mean better merchandise export numbers after the growth declined to the lowest in five months in August.
Marked expansions in foreign orders were reported in the consumer and intermediate goods sub-sectors, while exports fell for producers of investment goods.
Job numbers remained broadly stable in September, as the vast majority of survey respondents signalled no change in staffing levels. Among the monitored sub-sectors, job losses in consumer and investment goods were offset by marginal job creation at intermediate goods companies.

Factory output grows at slowest pace in 9 mthsFactories expand at slowest pace this year in September, says HSBC
Shaloo Shrivastava     Bangalore   Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 11:56 IST
Photo: Reuters
The factory activity expanded at its slowest pace in nine months in September as growth in new orders slowed, dragging on overall output, a business survey showed on Wednesday.
The HSBC Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI), compiled by Markit, fell to 51.0 in September from 52.4 in August but sustained above the 50 mark for the eleventh month. A reading above 50 separates growth from contraction.
The new orders sub-index fell to 51.3 from 54.5, the steepest fall in 18 months, underscoring weak demand, while output in factories fell to a four-month low.
"Responding to the slowdown, firms lowered purchases and trimmed inventories. The rate of cost inflation decelerated sharply and output prices were unchanged," said Frederic Neumann, co-head of Asian economic research at HSBC .
Input prices or the cost of raw materials rose at its slowest pace in 16 months, the survey showed, indicating overall inflation may show signs of cooling in the near future.
Wholesale inflation in India dipped to 3.74 per cent in August, its lowest in five years, even as consumer inflation remained high at 7.80 per cent. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) aims to lower retail inflation to 6 per cent by January 2016.
Elevated inflation and risks of a spiral in food and fuel prices prompted RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan to keep interest rates unchanged on Tuesday.
However, it cut the ceiling on bonds that must be held-to-maturity by 2 percentage points and expects to complete the process by September 2015.
Country's economy has slowed in recent years due to a mix of high interest rates, slumping investments, policy uncertainty and anaemic global growth.
But the landslide win of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's party has fueled hopes of major reforms in infrastructure, labor markets and foreign investment caps in various sectors.
The government has, however, taken only minor steps so far to encourage investments and savings.
"The RBI would rather see growth recovery supported by supply side reforms than through monetary policy stimulus," Neumann added.
(Reuters)

Modi at Madison: PM enthralls a rapturous crowd; unveils merger of PIO & OCI schemesMadison Square Garden
("I will make the India of…)
NEW YORK: Prime Minister Narendra Modi pledged to deliver on his promise of transforming India and meeting people's aspirations through effective governance as he addressed a 20,000-strong crowd at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday, sending it repeatedly into rapturous cheers.
"I will make the India of your dreams... together we will serve Mother India," he said. He announced several measures that particularly pleased the audience of non-resident Indians.
Person of Indian Origin (PIO) cardholders will get lifelong visa for travel to India while those on long visits to the country will no longer need to make regular visits to police stations. The PIO and Overseas Citizenship of India (OCI) schemes will be unified and US nationals will get longterm visas. In a few months, US tourists will also be able to get electronic travel authorisations and visas on arrival.
In possibly a veiled reference to the US denying him a visa after the Gujarat riots of 2002, Modi said he empathised with those of Indian origin who faced problems in getting visas for the country.
PIO cards are issued to Indians who have been staying abroad for a few generations while OCI cards are given to individuals who are more recent migrants and have taken citizenships of other countries.
Humble origins
OCI cards are practically visas that enable holders to enter India for an indefinite period while PIO cardholders have to apply for separate visas. The merger of these two cards could make PIO cardholders also eligible for the benefits that are enjoyed by OCI cardholders.
"India will advance at a rapid pace," Modi said in his hour-long address, adding that it has three things that no other country has, referring to the 3D mantra that he cited at the launch of the 'Make in India' initiative in New Delhi on September 25 — democracy, demographic dividend (65% of the population below 35 years) and demand.
He also invoked divine benediction for the government's plans in a carefully choreographed event that saw queues forming outside Madison Square Garden very early in the day, with some people getting in queue at 6 am, three hours before the gates opened for the noon event. Many were dressed in saffron, some even in miniskirts in BJP's colours.
Modi spoke of his humble origins and his aspirations for the country. "I got here selling tea... I am a very small man, a common man. I am small, so my heart lies in working for the common man," he said. "But I want to do big things for the little people." Modi paid tribute to Mahatma Gandhi and said the country was ready for a mass movement to make development possible, likening it to the Independence struggle.
India will not only lead the 21st century, it will also supply the world with workers such as nurses and teachers because populations elsewhere would have aged, he said.
He repeatedly referenced the Father of the Nation, saying what was dearest to Gandhi's heart were India's Independence and cleanliness. "Gandhi got us freedom. Isn't it our duty to rid Mother India of the dirt?" he said, calling for this to be achieved by 2019, the Mahatma's 150th birth anniversary. He also spoke about the Clean Ganga drive and the government's programme to build toilets.
  The prime minister also said he has a dream that by 2022, when India is 75, "no family should be homeless". Modi hailed India's scientific prowess — saying its IT engineers had transformed the country's image from that of a nation of snake charmers to one that made the world dance through the power of the mouse.
The prime minister peppered his speech with witticisms while making various points. To get to Mars, a distance of 650 million km, India spent just Rs 7 a km, which meant the budget for placing a satellite successfully in orbit around the red planet was less than that of the average Hollywood movie.
Apart from his government's skill development initiative, Modi also spoke about the importance of his financial inclusion programme — the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana. By signing up 4 crore families in two weeks, it's been proven that the government works, he said.
He said the 'Make in India' programme to boost manufacturing could even be accessed through a mobile phone app. Modi also said anyone could connect with him to make suggestions on MyGov.in.
While rivals were boasting about making new rules during the election campaign that brought him to power, Modi said he had embarked on a programme to get rid of outdated laws. He would be happy to scrap one such law a day, he said.
The queue to enter Madison Square Garden wound around the entire arena from 31st to 33rd street from the morning itself, with chants of "Modi, Modi" and "Bharat Mata Ki Jai" from the crowd, leaving New York Police Department officers bemused and saying they'd never seen anything like this before.
Those who couldn't get into Madison Square Garden thronged Times Square, where the event, organised by the United States India Political Action Committee, was shown live.
The buildup to the speech included acclaimed violinist L Subramaniam and wife Kavita Krishnamurthy performing as an artist painted a portrait of Modi live on stage, starting upside down and then flipping it rightside up as he applied the finishing touches. The event was hosted by Miss America 2014 Nina Davuluri and PBS Newshour Weekend anchor Hari Srinivasan.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The speeches that defined Narendra Modis whirlwind US tourOctober 1, 2014
Like any good politician, India’s prime minister Narendra Modi knows how to speak to his audience.
He  arrived in the US on Friday to much fanfare and even more expectation. In his maiden speech at the UN , he spoke as the leader of the global poor  saying, “when we think of the scale of want in the world—2.5 billion people without access to basic sanitation; 1.3 billion people without access to electricity; or 1.1 billion people without access to drinking water—we need a more comprehensive and concerted direct international action.”
Later that day, in a surprise appearance at the Global Citizen’s Festival in Central Park, he spoke in English to the overwhelmingly young crowd. His choice to speak in a language he rarely uses in public was likely a way to connect with an American audience. He did make a gaffe, telling actor Hugh Jackman—who introduced him on stage—”May be the force be with you,” a line from the Star Wars films, although Jackman has never appeared in any.
On Sunday, his audience was nearly 20,000 Indian-Americans at New York’s iconic Madison Square Garden. Modi’s message was clear to this largely affluent non-resident Indian (NRI) crowd: invest in India, and Modi will make it the country they fantasize about. “You have loved me more than any other leader. To pay back this debt, I am going to make the India of your dreams,” Modi told the crowd.
 “You have loved me more than any other leader. To pay back this debt, I am going to make the India of your dreams,” Modi told the crowd. 
His last speech in New York was Monday at the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR), a Manhattan think tank. A breakfast with 11 business chief executives was followed by a speech to a crowd of journalists, policymakers and academics. It was arguably the most substantive speech of his week in America, covering terrorism, gender equality and education equality.
“So, this is my government’s agenda: Educate your daughter and save your daughter,” he told a women rights activist who asked about his policy on promoting gender equality and confronting gender-based violence. He did have his lapses, which included skirting a question on Kashmir, but Modi left the influential crowd largely impressed .
Next stop was Washington, where he arrived on Monday to screaming hordes of Indians in the city’s embassy district, where he paid tribute to a statue of India’s founding father, Mahatma Gandhi. Modi and US President Barack Obama co-authored an op-ed in the Washington Post on a “renewed US-India partnership for the 21st century.”
On Tuesday, he finished out his US tour meeting with nearly 300 members of the US-India Business Council. There, he covered some thorny issues, including the current WTO dispute . But, his commitments to slashing through bureaucratic red tape and creating what he called a more “friendly” business environment in India was well received by the audience. “We are focusing in India not just on policies but also on processes to make it easy and productive to do business in India,” said Modi.
Looking visibly exhausted, he left Washington with promises of at least $41 billion worth in investments but, as the Times of India noted, “thorny issues such as Indian taxation laws, trade and civilian nuclear energy cooperation” remain unresolved. Some things can only be fixed with action, not speeches.
Share this:

Vadodara communal clashes: Violence takes a toll on festive season businessVadodara communal clashes: Violence takes a toll on festive season business
Vinay Umarji | Vadodara Oct 02, 2014 12:50 AM IST
On any given day, especially during Navratri, it would take not less than 20 minutes by a two-wheeler to cover the one-km stretch of Mandvi-Fatehpura in the walled city area of Vadodara. Not on Wednesday. It hardly took five minutes to cover the distance on Wednesday, as the street was almost deserted. The stretch, predominantly known for its garment market, was very different from its usual ambience, given the ongoing Navratri festival.
The recent communal violence has completely altered the atmosphere here. While the administration has managed to restore calm, locals and shopkeepers are edgy.
"Not that it is something new for us. But this time the violence quickly escalated. There have been minor clashes almost every year, as the city is polarised, compared to other cities in Gujarat. The recent riots somehow brought back memories of 2002," said Kanubhai, an employee of SSG Hospital who stays in the Fatehpura area of Vadodara, from where Prime Minister Narendra Modi - then chief minister of Gujarat - contested and won the general elections. He vacated the seat later, chosing to represent Varanasi in Parliament.
It took five days, 150 arrests, as well as foot and vehicle patrolling by at least two companies each of the Rapid Action Force (RAF) and the State Reserve Police (SRP), and scores of city police personnel to restore calm in Fatehpura, Yakutpura, Panigate, Wadi and Adaniyapul and other localities in the walled city. These localities are known to be communally tense, given the mix of Hindu and Muslim pockets, segregated by narrow lanes.
The riots this time were mainly triggered by a Facebook post that had allegedly morphed an image of a Hindu goddess with that of an Islamic religious symbol, police said. Apparently, the person who allegedly circulated the image runs a tuition centre in the Rawat Sheri locality of Fatehpura, where 90 per cent of his pupils were from Muslim families across the road. The accused was arrested last Thursday, and is yet to get bail. But the riots have caused personal and business losses to many, including a differently-abled Parmar couple who runs a paan shop in front of the accused's locality.
Heavy stone pelting, arson and even incidents of stabbing were reported on Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Police had to resort to firing in the air and teargas shelling to disperse the mobs till Sunday, before the frequency of violent incidents subsided. Close to three dozen two-wheelers and several three-wheelers were set ablaze. Some shops were also burnt. Many bore losses because of looting.
Locals are rueing not only the lost business during the peak festive season, but also the inconveniences caused due to a ban on SMS and mobile internet services. For instance, the Nava Bazaar lane, one of the biggest and prominent markets in the walled city for the chaniya choli (traditional dress worn for garba dance during Navratri) lost business worth Rs 25 lakh in the past five days.
"We lost Rs 40,000-50,000 daily for five days since Thursday which otherwise are the best time to do business during Navratri. We kept the shops open on all days hoping the riots would be over soon but in vain," said Rajubhai of Sona Collection in Nava Bazaar.
In some cases, salaries got delayed; employees of some companies did not receive SMSes of salary transfer or bank notification, ahead of the festivities .
While the public blames the police for late action - state police chief P C Thakur had to hold a 2-am meeting on Monday before calm was restored - police say they did their best.
"We immediately arrested the accused and lodged cases against him under Sections 153A and 295A, along with Information Technology Act. Patrolling by security personnel was increased and we held local and city-level meetings. Patrolling is still on and the locals are feeling secure due to the police presence," said A F Sindhi, assistant commissioner of police, 'C' Division of Vadodara police.
Vadodara Commissioner of Police E Radhakrishana declined to comment.
Police are planning to install CCTV cameras in all the affected localities. "We have got one set of cameras installed in the Champaner Gate area, and we working on replicating the same in other areas," Sindhi said.

Markets closed on account of Mahatma Gandhi JayanthiMarkets closed on account of Mahatma Gandhi Jayanti
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 02, 2014 09:37 AM IST
Indian equity, forex, money and commodity markets are shut today on account of Mahatma Gandhi Jayanti, the birth anniversary of the leader of India's fight for independence from British rule. 
Markets will be closed from Thursday to Monday, with trading to resume on Tuesday, i.e., October 7.
The Sensex fell 0.23%, or 62.52 points, to end at 26,567.99 on Wednesday. The broader Nifty lost 0.24%, or 19.25 points, to end at 7,945.55.
The partially convertible rupee ended at 61.61/62 per dollar compared with Tuesday's close of 61.7450/7550.
Further, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) have bought shares worth a net Rs 5102.52 crore in September 2014 (till 29 September 2014). FPIs bought shares worth a net Rs 5429.76 crore in August 2014. FPIs have bought shares worth a net Rs 83437.70 crore in this calendar year (till 29 September 2014).
GLOBAL MARKETS
Asian stocks fell on Thursday, dragged lower after the first case of Ebola diagnosed in the United States spooked Wall Street overnight, while a bout of risk aversion pushed down yields and put the dollar's recent rally on pause.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dipped 0.2%, and Tokyo's Nikkei shed 1.3%.
Hong Kong streets were calm early on Thursday as while police largely kept their distance from tens of thousands of mostly young people who have continued protests for nearly a week.
U.S. stocks dropped more than 1 percent on Wednesday as the Ebola news scared investors, economic data pointed to uneven growth, and the Russell 2000 index of small-cap shares entered correction territory.
Investors warmed to the Japanese currency after a slew of surveys showed German factory activity shrank for the first time in 15 months, China's manufacturing sector barely grew, while the United States slowed more than expected.
The dollar traded at 109.025 yen, suffering a sharp fall on declining U.S. Treasury yields after poking above the psychological 110 threshold the previous day for the first time since 2008.

I Hereby declare: Mangal Prabhat LodhaI Hereby declare: Mangal Prabhat Lodha
Express News Service | New Delhi |       October 2, 2014 9:15 am

Firm says phone app spies on Hong Kong prote...US security firm says China government might be using smartphone app to spy on Hong Kong protesters
AP Oct 2, 2014, 10.35AM IST
Tags:
China
(A US security firm says the…)
HONG KONG: A US security firm says the Chinese government might be using a smartphone app to spy on pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong.
The firm, Lacoon Mobile Security , says activists have received a link to the application that says it was created by a protest group. The firm said once downloaded, the software gives an outsider access to the phone's address book, call logs and other information.
Lacoon said the technical details of the application "lead us to believe that the Chinese government are behind the attack.''
China is, along with the United States and Russia, regarded as a leader in cyber warfare research. Security firms say they have traced an array of hacking efforts aimed at foreign governments and companies to computers in China.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China halts visas for Hong Kong- bound tour groupsChina halts visas for Hong Kong- bound tour groups
PTI
Tweet
Hong Kong, Oct 2:  
China appears to have suspended visas for tour groups heading to Hong Kong as huge pro-democracy protests grip the semi-autonomous city, a travel industry leader said tonight.
Travel agents on the mainland report that group visas for Hong Kong-bound Chinese tourists were suspended today, according to Joseph Tung, executive director of the Travel Industry Council of Hong Kong, a trade body.
“I’m hearing this from a lot of travel agents in China,” Tung told AFP, stressing that the development had not been confirmed by Beijing.
“From today on they do not issue any group permits for groups coming.”
He added that tourist visas for Chinese individuals travelling independently to Hong Kong did not appear to have been suspended, but warned that a ban on group travel would seriously damage the city’s tourism industry.
“A big portion of the travel (to Hong Kong) is from tour groups from mainland China,” Tung said.
“If they cannot come, you can well imagine the impact. We depend a lot on tours — this would definitely hurt the tourist industry.”
Mainland Chinese make up the vast majority of visitors to Hong Kong, many of them attracted by the city’s high-end shopping malls.
Hong Kong’s tourist board expects 59 million visitors this year, 45 million of these from the mainland, according to figures released in February.
Tens of thousands of pro-democracy demonstrators have poured onto Hong Kong’s streets since Sunday, demanding that Beijing allow free elections for the former British colony.
The protests represent one of the biggest challenges to China’s rule of Hong Kong since the handover from Britain in 1997, at a time when Beijing is cracking down on dissent on the mainland.
Communist authorities have scrubbed mentions of the protests from Chinese social media, while rights groups report that more than a dozen activists have been detained on the mainland for expressing support for the demonstrators.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Technology should be used to fight illiteracy  poverty: Super 30 mentorThe Hindu Anand Kumar, Founder, Super 30
Washington, Oct 2:  
Technology should not become a tool in the hands of the elite and must be used as a weapon in the fight against illiteracy and poverty, the founder of the well-known Super 30 tutorial programme in Bihar has said.
Anand Kumar said in his address at the prestigious Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in the US that “Technology should not just remain a tool to make big money.
It should be made a big weapon in the fight against illiteracy so that even the poorest could get quality education, which a huge population of the world remains deprived of. This costs the world a lot of talent“.
Kumar is the founder of Super 30, an educational programme that started in Patna. Established in 2002, the programme selects 30 meritorious and talented candidates each year from economically backward sections of society and trains them for the IIT—JEE, the entrance examination for the Indian Institute of Technology.
Kumar was invited by MIT and Harvard University to speak on his globally-acclaimed effort to mentor underprivileged students for admission to the IITs.
Giving the examples of several Super 30 students who were first generation learners and from underprivileged backgrounds, Kumar exhorted the technological experts from world’s top university to not let technology become a tool in the hands of the elite and the privileged, rather let it reach out to the needy in society.
“Time has come for the tech experts to move out of the labs to get a feel of world’s pressing problems and find solutions. Problem across the globe is more or less the same — of poverty and deprivation,” Kumar said.
“Spare a thought for those who don’t even get electricity and clean water even in this advanced age. Technology should not create islands, but help develop inclusive society,” he said, adding human dimension to science and technology would make the world a much better place.
Kumar said, war machines could win us wars, but could not give us peace and enlightenment — so important for happiness.
“Today, world wants technology to save humanity and give it dignity. And it requires cooperation from all sections. A beautiful world is what we all need — a world free from poverty and illiteracy, a world with true understanding and compassion,” he asserted.
His address was followed by a long discussion in which people asked a number of questions.
Experiencing acute poverty in his student days, which prevented him from going to Cambridge University for higher education, Kumar made it a mission to help poor students realise their dreams.
308 students from Super 30 have made it to the IITs out of 360 who have been trained at the institute so far. The programme also provides food and accommodation free of cost.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

New York Times to cut jobs as new products disappointNew York Times to cut jobs as new products disappoint
Reuters
Tweet
Oct 2:  
The New York Times Co has said it would cut jobs, including about 7.5 per cent of its newsroom positions, as advertising revenue dwindles and new digital products fail to live up to expectations.
The publisher plans to eliminate 100 newsroom jobs and a smaller number of positions elsewhere, offering buyouts and resorting to layoffs if enough employees do not leave voluntarily, according to a letter to staff.
The New York Times, like many of its newspaper and magazine counterparts, has been under relentless pressure to replace an evaporating pool of print advertising dollars - once the lifeblood of newspapers - with digital ads and money from subscriptions.
But some new products aimed at drumming up additional revenue are not "achieving the business success we expected," Executive Editor Dean Baquet said in the letter.
NYT Opinion, a mobile app dedicated to opinion content, will be shut down because it is not attracting enough subscribers, Baquet said. He added that he will "seriously reconsider some of what we do from the number of sections we produce to the amount we spend on freelance content."
The paper's first African American editor, Baquet took charge of the newsroom in May after his predecessor, Jill Abramson, was abruptly ousted.
Some good news too
The news was not entirely gloomy.
The company anticipates that digital revenue will increase 16 per cent in the third quarter, its best improvement since 2010. That news helped send the company's shares up 10.2 per cent in afternoon trading on Wednesday.
A sense of stability in the digital businesses will boost the stock, Jefferies LLC analysts wrote in a note, but they warned against relying on just one quarter of improvement.
The digital uptick will not be enough to offset the drain of print dollars since overall ad revenue is expected to be "flat" for the quarter.
Adding to those burdens is the slowdown in subscription revenue that has accounted for a growing share of total revenue. With the addition of 40,000 digital subscribers, the company expects "modest growth" in total circulation revenue.
Operating costs are expected to rise in the low to mid-single digits, excluding severance, resulting in lower profits for the quarter and the year.
"It's a reminder that the combination of the continuing secular pressure on our high margin print advertising revenue and the need for investment in the future is impacting our profitability and for this reason, we are now focused on cutting our costs," New York Times Chairman Arthur Sulzberger Jr. and Chief Executive Mark Thompson wrote in a memo to staff.
The NYT has cut jobs several times over the past six years - 100 in 2008, another 100 in 2009, and 30 more at the beginning of 2013, according to an article on its website on Wednesday.
At the end of 2013, the newsroom had 1,330 staffers.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

India contributes $1 million to UN women s bodyIndia contributes $1 million to UN women's body
PTI Oct 2, 2014, 10.58AM IST
Tags:
Executive Board
(The contribution constituted…)
UNITED NATIONS: Underscoring its commitment to the UN's body on gender equality and women empowerment, India has contributed $ 1 million to the organisation for the current financial year.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj handed over the cheque as India's contribution to the core voluntary budget of UN Women (United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women) to Under-Secretary General and Executive Director of UN Women, Phumzile Mlambo-Ngcuka here yesterday for the 2014-2015 financial year.
The contribution constituted the fifth installment of India's multi-year pledge to provide core predictable funding to UN Women's resources and takes India's existing total contribution to $ 5 million to the UN body.
Swaraj reaffirmed the Indian government's steadfast commitment to the goals of UN Women, including gender equality, gender mainstreaming and highlighted the important role played by UN Women in the formulation of the post-2015 Development Agenda, including the use of information and communication technology for development, according to a statement issued by the Permanent Mission of India to the UN.
India is one of the founding members of the Executive Board of the UN Women, and is presently serving on the UN Women's Executive Board.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Australia lifts Ebola donation to $16 millionAustralia lifts Ebola donation to $16 million
AP Oct 2, 2014, 11.02AM IST
Tags:
African Union
(Australia has more than…)
CANBERRA: Australia has more than doubled its donation to the fight against Ebola in West Africa to 18 million Australian dollars ($16 million), but is resisting demands to send personnel.
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said in a statement Thursday that an additional AU$10 million had been provided in response to a United Nations' appeal.
The Doctors Without Borders group and the Australian opposition party have called on the government to send a medical team to assist in a worsening doctor shortage in West Africa where the worst-ever outbreak of Ebola has killed more than 3,300 people.
The Australian charity Save the Children on Thursday called on Australia to send troops.
But Bishop says Australia does not have the capacity to evacuate any Australian who became sick.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tata Motors  September sales at 46 118 unitsOct 02, 2014, 10.57 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Tata Motors' September sales at 46,118 units
Tata Motors has informed regarding a press release dated October 1, 2014 titled
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tata Motors' September sales at 46,118 units
Tata Motors has informed regarding a press release dated October 1, 2014 titled
Post your opinion here
 
Tata Motors Ltd has informed BSE regarding a Press Release dated October 01, 2014 titled "Tata Motors September sales at 46,118 nos".Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Dish TV: Outcome of board meetingOct 02, 2014, 10.54 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Dish TV: Outcome of board meeting
Dish TV India at its meeting held on October 1, 2014 allotted 200 rated, unlisted, secured, redeemable, non-convertible debentures of the face value of Rs 1 crore each, for cash, aggregating upto Rs 200,00,00,000, on the terms and conditions contained in the Information Memorandum dated September 29, 2014 on private placement basis.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dish TV: Outcome of board meeting
Dish TV India at its meeting held on October 1, 2014 allotted 200 rated, unlisted, secured, redeemable, non-convertible debentures of the face value of Rs 1 crore each, for cash, aggregating upto Rs 200,00,00,000, on the terms and conditions contained in the Information Memorandum dated September 29, 2014 on private placement basis.
Post your opinion here
 
Dish TV India Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 01, 2014, inter alia, has pursuant to Section 42, 71 and applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the rules made thereunder and approval of the Shareholders of the Company vide Special resolution dated September 10, 2014, issued and allotted 200 (Two Hundred) numbers of Rated, Unlisted, Secured, Redeemable, Non-Convertible Debentures of the face value of Rs. 1,00,00,000/- (Rupees one crore only) each, for cash, aggregating upto Rs. 200,00,00,000/- (Rupees Two Hundred Crores only), on the terms and conditions contained in the Information Memorandum dated September 29, 2014 on private placement basis.Source : BSE

TD Power System appoints B. C. Harish as CEOOct 02, 2014, 10.51 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
TD Power System appoints B. C. Harish as CEO
TD Power Systems has informed that Mr. B. C. Harish has been appointed as CEO of the company's wholly-owned subsidiary - DF Power Systems w.e.f. October 01, 2014, consequent to the resignation of Mr. G. S. Raju as CEO of DFPS who has been relieved with effect from the close of business hours on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
TD Power System appoints B. C. Harish as CEO
TD Power Systems has informed that Mr. B. C. Harish has been appointed as CEO of the company's wholly-owned subsidiary - DF Power Systems w.e.f. October 01, 2014, consequent to the resignation of Mr. G. S. Raju as CEO of DFPS who has been relieved with effect from the close of business hours on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
TD Power Systems Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. B. C. Harish (Senior Vice President) has been appointed as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Company's Wholly-Owned Subsidiary - DF Power Systems Private Limited (DFPS) w.e.f. October 01, 2014, consequent to the resignation of Mr. G. S. Raju as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of DFPS who has been relieved with effect from the close of business hours on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE

Take Clean India campaign to social media: PMTake Clean India campaign to social media: PM
GLOBAL MARKETS-Tokyo stocks tumble as weak global data spook markets; yen gainsGLOBAL MARKETS-Tokyo stocks tumble as weak global data spook markets; yen gains
I find India energising  says Jeff BezosI find India energising  says Jeff Bezos
Govt has no business to be in business: PM ModiGovt has no business to be in business: PM Modi
Microsoft launches mid-range Lumia series starting at Rs 15 299Hi Guest
Microsoft launches mid-range Lumia series starting at Rs 15,299
Microsoft has priced Lumia 730 at Rs 15,299, the Lumia 830 at Rs 28,799 and flagship the Lumia 930 is priced at Rs 38,649.  Image: Lumia 730. Photograph: Courtesy, Nokia  Microsoft Devices, erstwhile Nokia has launched three new Lumia devices in the mid to high price points to cash in on the festive season across the country. The devices will be available in market over the next two weeks. The company has priced Lumia 730 at Rs 15,299, the Lumia 830 at Rs 28,799 and flagship the Lumia 930 is ...

NCP tries to hurt Prithviraj Chavan chances  ends up suffering split in ranksNCP tries to hurt Prithviraj Chavan chances  ends up suffering split in ranks
Gabbard to support International Yoga DayGabbard to support International Yoga Day
PTI
PTI Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard
Washington, Oct 2:  
The first Hindu-American Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard has promised Prime Minister Narendra Modi to lead an effort towards a Congressional resolution in support of International Yoga Day.
Gabbard, in a statement, said she made a commitment to Modi to take the lead in Congress to pass a resolution in support of the prime minister’s appeal to the UN to designate an International Yoga Day.
According to a media statement, both agreed that, “Yoga is widely misunderstood as a system of physical exercise rather than a lifestyle consciousness and world view that can help improve health, provide insight for addressing environmental challenges, facilitate world peace, and much more“.
Gabbard said she and Modi agreed that, “The West would be surprised by the vast knowledge and solutions the ancient Vedic texts have to offer the modern world“.
Gabbard met Modi in New York.
“It was a great privilege to meet with Prime Minister Modi and personally welcome him on his historic visit to America.
The Prime Minister’s visit to the U.S. is a great opportunity to further develop the vital friendship and cooperation between the world’s largest and oldest democracies,” she said.
“We had a wide-ranging discussion on several issues our countries have in common, including how America and India can work together to help combat the global threat posed by Islamic extremism,” Gabbard said.
Gabbard gave Modi her personal copy of the Bhagavad-Gita, which she has had since she was a child and was “a source of courage and comfort” during her two tours of duty in the Middle East as a soldier, and which she used to take her Congressional Oath of Office.
Gabbard also presented Modi with a ginger flower garland from her home state of Hawaii, which Modi pointed out was a tradition in India as well.
During their meeting, the two spoke of the priorities shared by India and the US, including defeating the threat posed by ISIS and other Islamic extremists, cooperating to address environmental concerns, and maximising economic opportunities.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Fake scheme used to explain away huge moneyUpdated: October 2, 2014 08:00 IST
Exclusive
‘Fake scheme used to explain away huge money’
Sruthisagar Yamunan
Tweet
The Hindu The 'Jaya Publications' building at Guindy Industrial Estate in Chennai. Photo: S. R. Raghunathan
PTI The former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister was convicted on a disporportionate assets case on September 27, 2014.
The Hindu Tamil film stars led by Sarath Kumar staging a silent protest in Chennai. Photo: K. Pichumani
TOPICS
judge
Former Chief Minister Jayalalithaa and her close aide V. K. Sasikala propped up a fictitious subscription scheme through Jaya Publications as an “afterthought” to account for Rs 14 crore of disproportionate income.
This was the conclusion arrived at by the Special Judge John Michael Cunha in the disproportionate assets case in which he convicted Ms. Jayalalithaa and three other accused on Saturday.
According to the judgement, accessed by The Hindu, Ms. Jayalalithaa and Ms. Sasikala became the partners of Jaya Publications in 1990. According to their lawyers, the firm, in the same year, launched a subscription scheme for ‘Dr. Namathu MGR’, the mouth piece of the AIADMK .
Under the scheme, it was shown that the firm was able to collect over Rs 14 crore as lifetime subscription deposit. For every Rs 3000 paid, one copy of the newspaper was sent to the subscriber.
Investigating the subscription scheme, Judge Cunha points out that the explanation of the deposit scheme had emerged only after the filing of the chargesheet in the case. “There is not even a stray evidence to suggest that the said deposit scheme was in circulation any time before the registration of the criminal case,” the judgement read.
Bulldozing the arguments of the defence that IT returns duly accounted for this income during the relevant years and had been accepted by authorities, Judge Cunha says, “the existence of the scheme was brought to light only in 1998 in the IT returns filed on behalf of the said firms.”
Read the copy of the full judgment
The Hindu exclusively accesses the court order in Jayalalithaa wealth case verdict
The Karnataka High Court on Tuesday decided to hear the bail application of AIADMK general secretary Jayalalithaa on Wednesday morning, hours after the hearing was adjourned to next week. Read here
Interestingly, the copy of the complaint too is not forthcoming and even this explanation has been believed by the Income Tax department. Read here
The court brought down the total wedding expenditure claimed by the prosecution from Rs 6.45 crore to Rs 3 crore. It said evidence clinchingly established that the expenses were paid for by Ms. Jayalalithaa herself. She had before the wedding declared Mr. Sudhakaran her foster son, but later disowned him. Read here

US Government confirms first case of Ebola in the countryDr. Edward Goodman, left, epidemiologist at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas, and Dr. Mark Lester, Southeast Zone clinical leader for Texas Health Resources, they are caring for the Ebola infected patient in Dallas (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Dallas | Posted: October 1, 2014 11:06 am
The first case of Ebola diagnosed in the US was confirmed on Tuesday in a patient who recently traveled from Liberia to Dallas – a sign of the far-reaching impact of the out-of-control epidemic in West Africa.
The unidentified man was critically ill and has been in isolation at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital since Sunday, federal health officials said. They would not reveal his nationality or age.
Authorities have begun tracking down family, friends and anyone else who may have come in close contact with him and could be at risk for becoming ill. But officials said there are no other suspected cases in Texas.
At the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Director Tom Frieden said the man left Liberia on Sept. 19, arrived the next day to visit relatives and started feeling ill four or five days later. He said it was not clear how the patient became infected.
There was no risk to any fellow airline passengers because the man had no symptoms when he was traveling, Frieden said.
Ebola symptoms can include fever, muscle pain, vomiting and bleeding, and can appear as long as 21 days after exposure to the virus. The disease is not contagious until symptoms begin, and it takes close contact with bodily fluids to spread.
“I have no doubt that we’ll stop this in its tracks in the US But I also have no doubt, that as long as the outbreak continues in Africa, we need to be on our guard,” Frieden told reporters.
“It is certainly possible that someone who had contact with this individual, a family member or other individual, could develop Ebola in the coming weeks,” he added. “But there is no doubt in my mind that we will stop it here.”
He said he didn’t believe anyone on the same flights as the patient was at risk.
“Ebola doesn’t spread before someone gets sick and he didn’t get sick until four days after he got off the airplane,” Frieden said.
Frieden briefed President Barack Obama by phone about the diagnosis, the White House said.
Word of the infection alarmed the local Liberian community.
“People have been calling, trying to find out if anybody knows the family,” said Stanley Gaye, president of the Liberian Community Association of Dallas-Fort Worth. “We’ve been telling people to try to stay away from social gatherings.”
Four American aid workers who became infected in West Africa have been flown back to the U.S. for treatment after they became sick. They were cared for in special isolation facilities at hospitals in Atlanta and Nebraska. Three have recovered.

Pick quality midcap  smallcaps; shun public banks08:00 am
Rohit Sah, fund manager - International Equities, TCW Group is confident on Indian economy after the Narendra Modi-led government came into power on May 16.
According to him, India has all positives to grow at 12 percent in dollar terms but desperately needs economic reforms to boost growth.
In CNBC-TV18’s special series ‘The New Yorkers' Sah says the midcaps and smallcaps in India are driven by domestic economy and it is wise to focus on quality stocks in both these packs. The tailwinds, right now, are supporting the domestic economy and there is no need to worry about the valuations, adds Sah.
“Quality of management, financial returns is more important than valuations”, he feels.
Among specific sectors, Sah is overweight on financials and holds nearly 29 percent in the same with  REC being the top holding company. He believes high growth is possible with right reforms and capital markets and financials are likely to benefit from this growth.
He, however, is bearish on PSU banks and recommends staying away with a longer-term perspective.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: You have pointed out to India as one of the likely candidates as an Anglo-Saxon economy. Why are you confident that India of all countries will be an Anglo-Saxon economy?
A: An Anglo-Saxon economy is characterised by low government spending. It generally has an open current account, secured property rights and a stock market and capital markets which are geared towards growth.
If you look at successful economies in the past 100 years, like the US, UK, Australia, Canada and Hong Kong, if you tick the boxes, India today is not an Anglo-Saxon economy. In 1947 it was but today we have a long way to go before we get to being an Anglo-Saxon economy.
However, this election of 2014 has provided a political mandate to move away from the Fabian socialism that has been practiced for the last 60 plus years in India. So, I am hopeful.
The political mandate is there. You have a prime minister who has demonstrated his ability to execute such an economy in the state of Gujarat and so we can only hope for the best after that.
Q: The market is rearing to hear, you are the king of small and midcap stocks for your fund. Year-to-date while the Nifty has delivered about 25 percent in terms of gains, mid and smallcaps have delivered between 45 and 65 percent in terms of gains. Are we in bubble terrain here?
A: A very experienced fund manager, colleague of mine told me that he was short Cisco back in 1980s but the market correctly looked forward and said this is a fantastic story, this is going to be a 10-year story and Cisco peaked out at USD 0.5 trillion marketcap.
Same goes for the Indian smallcap market. The Indian smallcap and midcap market unlike the largecap market is primarily geared towards the domestic economy and the domestic economy is coming off a very low base, you have tremendous tailwinds right now in favour of it, you have a government which has shown willingness to reform in the past.
Valuation is not an issue. If you want to buy the Indian smallcaps, you don’t have to focus on valuation but on the quality of the management, the quality of the business and the financial returns that you are getting from these businesses and after that the market will take care of itself.
Q: Your biggest overweight sector is financials – 29 percent and Rural Electrification Corporation (REC), a finance company is a top holding. What about public sector undertaking (PSU) banks. You do not like them?
A: In the last 12 years the growth of India’s GDP in US dollar terms has been 12 percent – that is despite the fact that you had a Sonia Gandhi led government which didn’t know what they were doing or maybe they knew what they were doing but it wasn’t the right thing to do. Now if you look forward, I do not see any reason why India cannot grow at 12 percent for the next 12 years with the right reforms.
If you grow at 12 percent, you double your economy in six years. In 12 years you quadruple. So you go from a USD 2 trillion economy today to USD 8 trillion economy in 12 years time. As we know that is one of the biggest accumulations of GDP in human history in that shorter time if that does happen.
The biggest beneficiary of this sort of GDP expansion has to be capital markets and financial deepening. So, by default the financial sector has to be a big winner in the India that we hope to have in the next 12 years. Regarding public sector banks, I am not optimistic.
If I was the government, what I would do is two things (1) I would merge these banks as fast as I can so the PSU banks which are in the north, in the south and sort of cut them down and size and importance that way and (2) by default asset stripping, for example many of these PSU companies own a lot of property. I would take these property holdings that the banks have and all the PSU companies have, put them into a Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT) and sell that REIT and you get some value out of these holdings that you have but in the long run these PSU banks are not the place to be.
RELATED NEWS

RBI in no mood to abandon fight against inflationRBI in no mood to abandon fight against inflation
Oct 1, 2014, 10.08AM IST
Tags:
(Admittedly, the CPI inflation…)
By Radhika Rao
The Reserve Bank of India stuck to its neutral tone on Tuesday, extending its status quo on the benchmark rates. The central bank is unlikely to abandon its anti-inflationary stance in haste, before any lasting improvement in the inflation outlook.
Admittedly, the CPI inflation trajectory is on track to meet the early-2015 target of 8%. But the disinflationary path will not be a straight line. There will be considerable swings in the readings between October and March 2015, influenced by base effects (due to last year's exchange rate and vegetable price shocks).
Alongside the base effects, the recent moderation in perishable food prices is also expected to add to the initial downswing in CPI readings until December. But this effect will wear off into March 2015 and CPI may inch back towards 8% notwithstanding the tame food prices. Against this backdrop, the RBI will be reluctant to over-react to single data-points and is likely to keep the repo rate unchanged until end fiscal year 2015.
Meanwhile, the markets continue to build rate cut expectations, even in the face of a cautious central bank. The RBI, in fact, signalled its hesitance to lower rates by shifting focus to the early-2016 target of 6%, after the 8% goal looked within reach. The move to shift the goalpost, we believe, reflects the RBI's serious view on moulding inflationary expectations and affirming its inflationfighting credibility.
In case the RBI cuts rates in response to slightly sub-8% inflation, it is inadvertently conveying to the markets that it is comfortable with the present price outlook. Instead, by bringing in the 6% target in view, the central bank has emphasised that the fight against inflation is not over yet. We also believe that rather than being fixated at the nominal target, the RBI will also be mindful of the disinflationary path and the underlying drivers. A combination of recent domestic and external drivers has calmed inflation concerns, but not all are driven by structural improvements.
Firstly, the significant moderation in the international fuel prices has reduced the scale of increases needed in the subsidised fuel prices. But the decision to completely deregulate diesel pricing is yet to be taken up. Secondly, even as the monsoon deficit has narrowed sharply, the skewed distribution of the rains could emerge as a pipeline risk for food prices over the next two quarters. Contained increase in the minimum support prices, meanwhile, was a timely move to contain foodgrain prices.
Thirdly, subsidy rationalisation plans are yet to be outlined to back the fiscal consolidation plans. If the optimistic revenue projections and growth turnaround do not materialise, the deficit situation is likely to turn worrisome later in the year and require cutback in capital expenditure to meet targets. Next, concerns over the narrowing output gap (into FY16) and the prospect of higher aggregate demand feeding into inflation also warrant attention.
Finally, volatility is likely to heighten as the markets price in US rate hikes. Even as the USTs and Indian rate differentials are wider than the long-run averages, we believe the RBI will be wary of lowering policy rates in the face of higher US rates.
To sum it up, easing inflation is positive for the economy, but we are some distance away from reaching RBI's comfort levels. Until a sustained downtrend towards CPI at 6% is achieved, the RBI is likely to keep rates on hold until end-FY15 and beyond.
The writer is an Economist with DBS Bank
FEATURED ARTICLES

Turning dollar cycle is an opportunity  not a challengeYou are here: Home > Collections
Turning dollar cycle is an opportunity, not a challenge
Oct 1, 2014, 10.13AM IST
Tags:
(The pieces are falling into…)
By Srinivas Varadarajan
As widely anticipated, the RBI kept policy rates unchanged. Since the last policy in August, a few developments have informed the RBI decision. Commodity prices have fallen appreciably. Brent crude has fallen by close to 15% in the last two months. There have been appreciable falls in global iron ore , copper and coal prices as well. While the rupee has weakened against the dollar, it has actually appreciated against the Euro , AUD and the JPY. Further, within Asia, the INR has depreciated by less than 1% to the USD since August, which is at the lower end compared to its Asian peers.
The policy strategy going forward would be to immunise India from the dollar cycle through excellent fundamentals while benefitting from the dollar cycle's impact on commodity prices. The pieces are falling into place - an inflation-targeting framework, fiscal consolidation and a healing current account. A credible inflation-targeting framework will go a long way in assuring foreign investors of long-term stability in the external sector. In fact, the global experience has been that countries that have successfully implemented an inflation-targeting framework have witnessed buoyant asset markets in equities and fixed income.
In the policy statement, it was indicated that the risks to the medium-term inflation objective of 6% by January 2016 is still to the upside, warranting policy preparedness. Penciling in average inflation of 7% from January 2015 to January 2016, a negative output gap of 1%, the effects of a positive inflation drift to target of 6% and the negative output gap nullify each other. Assuming a real policy rate of 1%, rates should broadly remain unchanged to the 2016 horizon.
A 1% real policy rate might be appropriate with the economy disinflating and as banks reintermediate financial savings.
The only issue to contend here is that with still high and sticky inflation expectations, the expected real rate might be higher. Therefore, it is paramount that inflation expectations come down as the economy disinflates.
The other key requirement would be to build up domestic savings to enhance the economy's potential output. Once again a credible inflation-targeting framework will help in augmenting domestic savings. This is critically important to avoid an overheating chicane should the capex cycle pick up in right earnest. A successful management of the process will surely be rewarded with a ratings upgrade down the road.
To sum up, we should view the turning dollar cycle not as a challenge but an opportunity. The turning dollar cycle probably cracks the decade-long super commodity cycle and should be a huge tailwind for India. We should remain steadfast on the inflationtargeting framework. The current account balance net of POL imports is in surplus - a positive development. The commodity tailwind should only reinforce this process. Over time, we should be confident enough to remove the restrictions and enhanced duties on gold imports. This development is still some time away.
However this, coupled with a softening of inflation and inflation expectations, could be the key marker towards a softer policy regime.
Author is Director with Deutsche Bank , India
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi  Obama target USD 500 bn Indo-US tradeModi, Obama target five-fold jump in Indo-US trade, to USD 500 billion
PTI     Washington   Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 13:57 IST
US President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi talk at the National Martin Luther King Memorial on the National Mall in Washington (Photo: Reuters)
Targeting a five-fold jump in Indo-US trade to US $500 billion, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama on Wednesday pledged to deepen economic cooperation and will set up a joint program to boost business investment.
After two days of talks focused on ways to reinvigorate the India-US relationship through economic, energy and security cooperation, the two sides agreed on US $1 billion of concessional financial from the US Export-Import Bank for the country's renewable energy development agency.
The two leaders, who met for the first time, agreed on boosting two-way trade to US $500 billion from US $100 billion. However, no deadline was set for reaching that goal.
FULL COVERAGE: PM Narendra Modi in US
The US President and PM Modi recognised that businesses of the two countries have a critical role to play in sustainable, inclusive, and job-led growth and development, a joint statement issued after the meeting said.
In order to raise investment by institutional investors and corporate entities, the leaders decided to establish an Indo-US Investment Initiative led by the Ministry of Finance and US Department of Treasury, with special focus on capital market development and financing of infrastructure.
They also agreed to establish an Infrastructure Collaboration Platform convened by the Ministry of Finance and the Department of Commerce to enhance participation of US firms in infrastructure projects in the country. In this context, the US government welcomes the government's offer for US industry to be the lead partner in developing smart cities in Ajmer (Rajasthan), Vishakhapatnam (Andhra Pradesh) and Allahabad (Uttar Pradesh), it said.
The government will welcome two trade missions in 2015 focused on meeting its infrastructure needs with US technology and services.  
The two leaders discussed their concerns over the current impasse (including on the issue of public stockholding for food security purposes) in the World Trade Organisation (WTO) and its effect on the multilateral trading system. Modi and Obama directed their officials to consult urgently along with other WTO members on the next steps, the joint statement said.
The two sides committed to work through the Trade Policy Forum to promote a business environment attractive for companies to invest and manufacture in India and in the US. They committed to hold public-private discussions in early 2015 under the Commercial Dialogue on new areas of cooperation, including innovation in advanced manufacturing.
The US President welcomed Modi's ambitious plan to extend basic financial services to all its citizens through the Jan Dhan Yojana . Obama and the Prime Minister underlined the important contribution that US locomotive technology, equipment to monitor rail system assets, and US best practices can play in modernising the country's vast railway network, including accessing programmes of US Trade and Development Agency in this work, the statement said.
Agreeing on the need to foster innovation in a manner that promotes economic growth and job creation, the leaders committed to establish an annual high-level Intellectual Property (IP) Working Group with appropriate decision-making and technical-level meetings as part of the Trade Policy Forum. In particular, the two leaders recognised the contribution of the Information Technology industries of both the countries and the IT-enabled service industry in strengthening India-US trade and investment relations.

Loans won t get cheaper  but deposits may earn lessLoans unlikely to get cheaper any time soon, but your deposits may earn less
ET Bureau Oct 1, 2014, 08.52AM IST
Tags:
Arundhati Bhattacharya
(Banks in no hurry to cut loan…)
MUMBAI: Borrowing costs may not fall any time soon for those aspiring to buy a car or a home, but deposit rates have alredy begun to come down, with the State Bank of India slashing rates on select tenors, after the Reserve Bank of India kept policy rates unchanged on Tuesday.
"There is no change (in loan rates) immediately on the cards. But that does not mean one will have to wait for a year," said Chanda Kochhar, MD & CEO of ICICI Bank, the largest private sector bank. Arundhati Bhattacharya , chairman of State Bank of India, the country's largest bank, also gave some hope to borrowers.
"The way the monetary policy has been put out this time, the tone seems to be dovish as compared to the March tone," she said speaking to media after meeting RBI governor Raghuram Rajan.
"The benchmark rate (base rate) is unlikely to come down immediately because credit demand is very subdued and liquidity is not an issue," said BK Batra, deputy managing director of IDBI Bank. "But lending rates over the last one year have come down without any lowering of base rate. Today, a triple-A corporate is in a better position to borrow short-term money at 10-25 basis points over the base rate against 50 to 100 bps over the base rate a year ago," he said. IDBI Bank's base rate is pegged at 10.25%. SBI and ICICI Bank have pegged their base rate at 10%.
"Credit has not picked up and the system has sufficient liquidity. Corporates are having various avenues to raise funds and investment climate is yet to turn around," said TM Bhasin, chairman of the Indian Banks Association and chairman and managing director of Indian Bank. "Going forward, banks govdone by some large banks," he said.
However, ICICI Bank's Kochhar feels bankers will have to bear in mind financial instruments that are competing with deposits before lowering rates. "Today, even deposits are competing with many other financial instructions... You have to see where the consumers have options," she said.
Aditya Puri, managing director and CEO of HDFC Bank, said that both lending and deposit rates are a function of credit demand. "At this point of time, the credit demand is not exceedingly healthy. If credit demand picks up, you won't see lowering of deposit rates. If it does not pick up and there is a lowering of deposit rates, you can possibly see some reduction of loan rates," he said. may reduce deposit rates as
FEATURED ARTICLES

RBI allows banks to reckon 5% of net deposits with SLRRBI allows banks to reckon 5% of net deposits with SLR
ET Bureau Oct 1, 2014, 10.39AM IST
Tags:
crr
(The regulator has allowed…)
KOLKATA: The RBI has offered banks a reprieve by clubbing part of the Basel regulatory need for funds with the existing statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) requirement.
The regulator has allowed banks to reckon another 5% of their net deposits within the SLR requirement for liquidity coverage ratio, which will make it easier for lenders to comply with capital norms, especially those who have been under pressure to maintain adequate capital without government support. "The RBI has given us a lot of relief and comfort," said State Bank of India chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya.
This additional liquidity will be available, apart from the marginal standing facility (MSF), a special liquidity window, through a special facility and at a rate higher than the MSF rate depending on market condition.
"On the liquidity front, it is a move from the RBI to ensure that migration takes place over LCR in a non-disruptive manner," ICICI Bank chief Chanda Kochhar said. "Over and above, the liquidity has remained comfortable in the short-end," she said.
The central bank has also reduced the ceiling on SLR securities under the held-to-maturity (HTM) category to 22% from 24% of their deposits, or net demand and time liability (NDTL), in a gradual manner to provide flexibility to banks for calibrating their bond portfolio.
It will be lowered to 23.5% from the fortnight beginning January 10, 2015; 23% from the fortnight beginning April 4, 2015; and then 22.5% from the fortnight beginning July 11, 2015; and finally 22% from the fortnight beginning September 19, 2015.
"Guidelines for a cut in HTM are a welcome step as they remove uncertainty on this issue," said Bank of India chief VR Iyer. "Banks can now plan HTM dilution better."
FEATURED ARTICLES

RBI monetary policy: Know-your-customer must for all bank customersArundhati Bhattacharya
(RBI Tuesday said those who…)
MUMBAI: Old bank customers who have not complied with the know-your-customer (KYC) norms may receive notice from banks stating their accounts could be partially frozen if they don't furnish the details. The RBI has made it mandatory for all bank customers, including lowrisk ones, to be KYC-compliant.
The central bank on Tuesday said those who have not complied with the KYC norms may face the risk of being barred from withdrawing cash from their accounts.
Credits would be allowed in such accounts, but debits won't be allowed if the customers are not KYC compliant. However, the account-holder will have the option to close the account and withdraw the money. KYC norms were introduced in 2001 after the 9/11 attacks in America. Several old customers, particularly the low-risk types — who have low-value transactions — have not met the requirement.
"There's a need for banks to complete the KYC details for all customers, including long-standing 'low-risk' customers. Banks should complete the documentation, while minimising the effort on the part of the customer to what is strictly needed," said Raghuram Rajan, governor, RBI.
The RBI has simplified the KYC norms for opening bank accounts. It said banks should not insist on physical presence of the customer or seek fresh proof of identity and address at the time of periodic updating if there's no change in the status of the low-risk customers. Bankers say the RBI's intention is to make the process easier. "Basically, the idea is to make the process easy to comply with.
But compliance has to be there," said Arundhati Bhattacharya , chairman, State Bank of India . "They have made it a little easier. They (RBI) have made self-certification possible. But even after making it easier, if people still don't submit the details, then it leads to partial freezing of the account," she said.
Banks will also have to accept self-certification and accept a certified copy of the document by mail or post.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Officials grumble as Swachh campaign robs them of holidayGovernment officials grumble as Swachh Bharat campaign robs them of their holiday
By TNN | 1 Oct, 2014, 11.44AM IST
Union human resource development minister Smriti Irani sweeps the ground at a school in New Delhi as she participates in 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: As the Swachh Bharat campaign to be launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi , draws out babus en masse to work on October 2, murmurs of discontent can be heard about their having to forego "not only a gazetted holiday but also a vacation coinciding with the long weekend".
However, coming as somewhat of a compensation for some of the harried government employee, was the announcement on Tuesday that all offices in and around India Gate will be closed post lunch on Wednesday. So, government personnel working in these offices have been asked to report at 10.30 am rather than 9 am as per an earlier order.
The "wasting" of a national holiday predictably has become the favourite topic of discussion in most government offices these days.
"Practically speaking we will end up working on Wednesday and Thursday. Most of the events planned in ministries are meant for photo opportunity," said a government official. Though as per the government circular the employees will take the Swachhata pledge, followed by cleaning of their officer premises and that the cleanliness work will be "voluntary", it is now a foregone conclusion that not many would like to risk the misadventure of not reporting to work.
On Tuesday, most of the officials across ministries were spotted busy making detailed plans for the Swachh Bharat campaign within their compounds. While some of the ministries are buying brooms in "bulk" others are outsourcing them from housekeeping agencies. "We will tomorrow (Wednesday) decide how many we need," said a joint secretary level official, who is charge of general administration of a ministry.
As per the latest circular of DoPT, 26 government buildings housing different ministries and departments will be shut as part of preparations for Swachh Bharat campaign that will see a nationwide launch by Modi on Thursday. These include North Block, which houses the ministries of home and finance, South Block where the PMO and defence ministry are headquartered, as well as Shastri Bhavan, Rail Bhavan, Krishi Bhavan, Udyog Bhawan and Vigyan Bhawan, etc. Even the offices located in Rashtrapati Bhawan and Parliament House will remain closed from 10 pm on Wednesday to 10.30 am on Thursday.
According to an order issued by the department of personnel and training, offices in the aforesaid buildings as well as CSIR building, Yojna Bhawan, RBI, National Archives, Indira Gandhi National Centre for Arts, Jawahar Bhawan, Shram Shakti Bhawan, Sena Bhawan, Vayu Bhawan, Vigyan Bhawan Annexe, CCA (minister of agriculture), DRDO Bhawan, Raksha Bhawan, National Stadium, Hyderabad House and Coast Guard Headquarters will be locked down starting 2 pm on October 1 to 10.30 am on October 2 "in connection with the arrangements for the nationwide launch of Swachh Bharat campaign by the Prime Minister of India on October 2".
With the government offices now out of bounds for staff until 10.30 am on October 2, instructions circulated earlier requiring the employees to report to work by 9 am on Thursday were revised and the reporting time delayed to 10.30 am.

Swachh Bharat campaign to start in New Delhi tomorrowSwachh Bharat campaign to start in New Delhi tomorrow
ET Bureau Oct 1, 2014, 09.07AM IST
Tags:
SWACHH BHARAT CAMPAIGN
(Union ministers Rajnath…)
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch his pet Swachh Bharat campaign from Boat Club area on Rajpath in New Delhi on Thursday morning where he will also flag off a road walkathon.
Five thousand school children, college and university students, government officers, diplomats and expats and representatives of corporate houses and chambers of commerce are expected to attend the programme.
Modi is expected to also speak at the programme and administer the Cleanliness Pledge to children and other persons attending the event there. The entire Rajpath till India Gate and Rafi Marg will be closed from 5 am till noon on October 2. Sources said Modi will take part in the walkathon with school children.
Modi will begin his day by visiting Raj Ghat and later take part in a programme at Valmiki Sadan, a Dalit colony at Mandir Marg. "The PM wanted a place associated with Gandhiji.
Since the basti was where Gandhi had lived for many days, it was considered appropriate," an official said. The colony is said to have preserved and maintained the small room where Gandhi lived and has hosted crucial meetings of the Congress.
Modi is also expected to inaugurate new toilets in the colony, besides picking up the broom to clean a public place. In the afternoon, Modi is expected to record his first radio address, which will be broadcast by All India Radio. He has already sent instructions to government officers to work on Mahatma Gandhi's birth anniversary, a national holiday, to clean ministries — including toilets — as part of the project.
Ministers such as Uma Bharati and Ravi Shankar Prasad will travel to different cities to promote the campaign. Government offices located in buildings on Raisina Hill will close early on October 1 at 1 pm and after 10:30 am on Thursday for the launch.
The government has instructed all its offices to administer the cleanliness pledge at 9.45 am on Thursday. Aides of Modi recall that even as the CM of Gujarat, Modi has celebrated Gandhi Jayanti in Porbander, the birthplace of Mahatma Gandhi, and had urged people to maintain cleanliness in their surroundings and buy 'Khadi' clothes for Diwali.
Swachh Bharat was one of the first schemes that the new government had announced, and it has since featured in almost every major Modi speech — from Red Fort in Old Delhi to Madison Square in New York.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Vijay Mallya Gets Shareholders  Nod to Continue as USL ChairmanRoyal Enfield on Expansion Mode, to Set Up Third Plant
New Delhi:
Liquor baron Vijay Mallya has been re-elected as non-executive director and chairman of United Spirits at the annual general meeting of the liquor major.
Following a reduction in its shareholding in USL, United Breweries (Holdings) Ltd (UBHL), promoted by Mallya, is no longer entitled to recommend an independent director to the USL board, global spirits major Diageo said in a statement. "The composition of the USL board following the annual general meeting reflects this change," it said.
At the AGM of USL held yesterday in Bangalore, Diageo said shareholders of USL approved appointments of CEO Anand Kripalu as a director and Sudhakar Rao, D Sivanandhan and Indu Shahani as independent non-executive directors apart from Mallya's re-appointment.
Diageo said other members of USL board -- Paul Walsh (non-executive director nominated by Diageo), Ravi Rajagopal (non-executive director nominated by Diageo) and P A Murali (CFO and Diageo-nominated director) -- would continue in their respective positions.
UBHL remains entitled under the shareholders agreement to nominate one director to the USL board subject to it continuing to hold at least 1,307,950 shares in USL and Mallya continuing to control UBHL, it said.
"Diageo's contractual obligations to support Mallya continuing as non-executive director and chairman of USL are subject to these conditions as well as the absence of certain defaults by UBHL or Mallya," the statement said.
Mallya remains UBHL's nominated director and therefore, in accordance with the terms of the Shareholders Agreement, Diageo voted in favour of the resolution at the USL AGM to re-appoint Mallya as a director of USL, it said.
Diageo is the majority shareholder in USL with 54.78 per cent interest and continues to be entitled under the shareholders' agreement to appoint its nominees to the roles of CEO and CFO of USL, as well as to nominate and recommend
directors to the USL board, subject to overall composition of the USL board meeting the applicable requirements of Indian law and regulation, the spirits major said.
The world's largest spirits maker Diageo Plc had on November 9, 2012 announced that it would acquire 53.4 per cent stake in United Spirits for Rs 11,166.5 crore in a multi-structured deal.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 14:40 (IST)

India to Grow 5.6% This Fiscal  6.5% in FY16: FitchIndia's growth is expected to accelerate to 5.6 per cent in the current fiscal and further to 6.5 per cent in 2015-16, buoyed by strong investments and political certainty, rating agency Fitch said today.
     
"The new government has started rolling out a number of policies, which may improve the efficiency of the bureaucracy and strengthen the investment climate," Fitch said.
     
Fitch expects GDP growth to pick up to 5.6 per cent in FY15 (ending in March) and 6.5 per cent in both FY16 and FY17, the agency said in its global economic outlook report.
     
"Investment is likely to rise now that political uncertainty has disappeared since the new government came to power last May," it added.
     
RBI has projected a 5.5 per cent GDP growth for the current fiscal and 6.3 per cent for 2015-16.
     
Fitch further said the expected pick-up is supported by the 5.7 per cent GDP growth in April-June quarter of current fiscal.
     
India had clocked sub-5 per cent growth in the previous two fiscals. It grew 4.5 per cent in in 2012-13 and 4.7 per cent in 2013-14.
     
Fitch said lifting GDP growth to substantially higher levels would require large productivity gains through
implementation of reforms related to governance, product and labour markets, as well as reduction of infrastructure bottlenecks.
     
It said India will be the only BRIC nation where growth picks up in 2014 and further accelerates in 2015 owing to an expected improvement in business environment.
    
The agency has a stable outlook on India's 'BBB-' rating.
    
Fitch said in the longer run, a credible low inflation environment would benefit growth by improving the investment environment.
     
WPI inflation fell to a 5-year low of 3.74 per cent while the retail inflation was at 7.8 per cent in August.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 13:58 (IST)

PM Modi s US visit: 500 Indian cities to get US washLashkar-e-Taiba
(The US Prez affirmed that…)
WASHINGTON: President Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi set US-India ties on a higher plane on Tuesday with a high-minded and forward looking approach that transcended workaday wrinkles, past individual histories, and institutional wrangles. From the moment Obama greeted Modi in Gujarati ("Kem cho, Mr Prime Minister?") on the portals of the White House on Monday evening to the time he accompanied him to Martin Luther King memorial on Tuesday afternoon in an unscripted gesture of togetherness, it was clear that the two leaders had decided to jettison all personal, bureaucratic, and diplomatic baggage to focus on elevating the overused expression of the underachieving "strategic partnership."
Enhanced security partnership to address the threat of terrorism, including from Pakistan-based groups, and heightened defence and space cooperation, including a joint mission to Mars, were the centerpiece of the expansive security engagement.Modi also invited American defence companies to invest in India while extending an invitation to the Obamas to visit India. Obama last visited India in 2010.
The US President affirmed that India meets the requirements for membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group and the Missile Technology Control Regime . The two also agreed to press forward on UN reforms to pave the way for India's membership of the security council.
Partners 'Chalein Saath Saath'
President Obama greeted PM Narendra Modi with a "kem cho" on Monday and hours later, the two issued an expansive vision statement titled 'Chalein Saath Saath' and essayed a joint op-ed in a prominent newspaper. The statement presaged a deep and abiding security partnership, through intense consultations, joint exercises and shared technology. The statement also suggested upcoming agreements and greater multilateral responsibility for India in the global order, including in a reformed UNSC.
India and the US on Tuesday agreed to extend the framework agreement of defense between the two countries for another 10 years.
There were a score of deliverables that will touch the life of every urban Indian.They include an agreement for the US to partner India in developing three smart cities: Allahabad, Ajmer, and Vishakapatnam; US help in upgrading WAter, Sanitation and Health in 500 Indian cities under a programme titled WASH; US help in developing smart energy initiatives such as intelligent street lighting and rooftop renewables in numerous Indian cities; and a programme under which 1,000 American teachers will teach short-term courses in Indian universities. The US will also set up a new IIT.
The agreement that attracted most attention from the Indian media was the reference to the "joint and concerted efforts" for dismantling of safe havens of terrorists and criminal networks such as Lashkar-e-Taiba , Jaish-e-Mo hamed, and the D-company, the Haqqani network and alQaida. Asked if this implied joint military intelligence action in Pakistan, spokesman Syed Akbaruddin said there was no need to elaborate and the people concerned would understand the signs.
The occasional wrinkle remained but nothing that held up the relentless march towards a 21st century alliance. Modi told the US President he hopes for a deal soon to allow WTO trade facilitation which India has held up because of its concerns on food security for its poor. He also said India is also serious about resolution of the civil nuclear deal dispute.
Successive heads of government of the two countries going back to Clinton and Vajpayee have pursued ever closer engagement, but what Modi and Obama have done is to pull it out of the mire it had fallen in lately and set it on a vigorous path. There was promise of UN Security Council membership from the US, a pledge to support US goals by India, and in general, their statements and op-ed bespoke of an alliance in all but name.
"The true potential of our relationship has yet to be fully realized. The advent of a new government in India is a natural opportunity to broaden and deepen our relationship. With a reinvigorated level of ambition and greater confidence, we can go beyond modest and conventional goals. It is time to set a new agenda, one that realizes concrete benefits for our citizens,"they wrote in a joint editorial in the Washington Post.
First meeting, but they were in touch
How did Barack Obama and Narendra Modi, who were meeting for the first time on Monday evening, crank out a joint op-ed within hours of meeting? Principals on both sides must have worked on it, but MEA spokesman Syed Akbaruddin threw a curve ball by alluding to both leaders being tech savvy to suggest they might have exchanged the drafts by email. More likely, their offices did. In any case, they have been in touch.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Commodity price fall good if it doesn t signal recessionYou are here: Home > Collections > Maize
Falling commodity prices are good, unless they signal global recession
Swaminathan S Anklesaria Aiyar, ET Bureau Oct 1, 2014, 06.46AM IST
Tags:
Bull run
(Historically, crashing…)
The stock markets have soared this year, with blue chips up 30% and some midcaps up 100% or more. Many analysts believe that, even without radical reform, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's administrative dynamism will help raise GDP growth from last year's 4.7% to 5.5% this year, 6.5% next year, and 7% later.
Some stock market analysts predict amulti-year bull run .
This could indeed happen. Yet, India is now more globalised than most people realise, with international trade of over 45% of GDP, a current account deficit that needs to be plugged by global investment, and a stock market in which over half the floating stock of Sensex companies is owned by foreigners. So, India's fate will be decided by global trends as much as Modi's efforts.
It's a Bird! It's a Pterosaur!
Two worrying trends have emerged on the global scene. One is a crash in commodity prices. The other is an imminent rise in global interest rates.
Historically, crashing commodity prices and rising interest rates have often combined to create a global recession . Commodity prices have plunged 20% in the last six months. If this reflects a surge in global production after years of insufficient output, that can be a good trend that satisfies demand, lowers input prices for manufacturers, raises profits and tames inflation .
However, falling commodity prices can also signal a coming recession.
They may indicate an economic slowdown for reasons poorly understood by policymakers, and so not countered. The current commodity crash is definitely linked to an unexpected slowing of global growth. China, Japan and Europe are growing more slowly than expected at the start of the year. Chinese growth might actually dip below 7%, half its peak rate in the 2000s.
Recess(ion) Bell
Hence, the IMF is revising its global growth projections (in PPP terms) for 2014 down from 3.6% to 3.1%.
Note that a fall below 3% is widely accepted as a sign of recession.
Latin America, Russia and Africa grew fast between 2003 and 2010. As commodity producers, they benefited from the huge surge in Chinese demand.
Today, they are all feeling the heat of China's slowdown. Brazil, Russia and South Africa all face the danger of zero or negative growth.
World food prices used to be depressed by the dumping of surpluses by Western nations. But after 2005, food prices skyrocketed. Bad harvests coincided with the huge diversion of agricultural land to producing biofuels: ethanol from maize and synthetic diesel from vegetable oils. Back in 2005, the Chicago market price of maize was $2 a bushel and of wheat was $3 a bushel. After 2008, wheat prices briefly went into double digits and maize reached $8 a bushel.
However, prices have since downtrended, and after ups and downs, they have suddenly fallen steeply since May 2014. Maize is now down to just $3.25 a bushel and wheat to $4.75 a bushel. World cereal production this year is estimated to be 20% more than demand, so the surplus will keep prices down for some time to come. Soybeans and cotton are down one-third from their rates a couple of years ago. Edible oil prices have crashed. Rice prices have fallen only alittle, which is lucky for India, a major rice exporter.
Oil was just $25 a barrel in 2003 but soared to almost $148 in 2008. In recent times, the price of Brent crude has been around $110 a barrel. But this has now fallen to $96 a barrel, despite troubles in Ukraine and West Asia that would normally have sent prices spiralling. Iron ore has halved from a peak of $180 a tonne. Coal and metals are down to their lowest levels for five years.
Homeward Ho!
The second source of worry is the coming rise of interest rates in rich countries.
The US has for years indulged in quantitative easing, unleashing trillions of dollars on the world economy.
This has created froth, if not actual bubbles, in all asset markets.
The eurozone looks like getting into quantitative easing, and Japan is neck-deep in it too. The tidal wave of cheap currency from rich countries has boosted property and stock prices globally, including in emerging markets like India.
But the US is about to end quantitative easing next month, and will start raising interest rates next year.
Even if this does not happen in Europe or Japan — and it could — this may induce billions to flow out of emerging markets back to rich countries in search of higher yields. This is what happened in the summer of 2013, sending the rupee crashing from Rs 55 to Rs 68 to the dollar, before recovering to Rs 62 per dollar. Markets then recovered, but RBI governor Raghuram Rajan has warned that this could happen again. Combined with falling global demand and crashing commodity prices, it would be arecipe for global recession.
Maybe the rich countries will sense the danger, and ease money again to stave off a recession. Yet, as former adviser to Ronald Reagan, David Stockman, puts it, the trillions pumped by central banks of rich countries into the global economy have created asset bubbles that have to burst some time. We stand warned.
FEATURED ARTICLES

A policy of status quoUpdated: October 1, 2014 02:52 IST
A policy of status quo
interest rate
The medium-term picture, though, is still hazy with a number of unknown variables, and the RBI is obviously not willing to risk its projection of 6 per cent inflation by January 2016 going astray.
The Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) decision to maintain status quo on interest rates is on expected lines. The overall environment is uncertain as yet with domestic economic recovery being uneven and with an upside risk to inflation from food prices consequent to a deficient monsoon. The near-term signs are favourable for a dip in headline inflation thanks to the sustained fall in global oil prices that have been passed on to consumers by the government, and the relative stability in the foreign exchange markets. The medium-term picture, though, is still hazy with a number of unknown variables, and the RBI is obviously not willing to risk its projection of 6 per cent inflation by January 2016 going astray. It is clear that the central bank will do whatever is necessary to ensure that the line is not crossed. The current account deficit is projected to remain well under control though non-oil, non-gold imports in the April-August period have risen to the highest level since March 2013. With credit growth remaining well below deposit growth and the impact of the government expenditure programme kicking in, liquidity has not been a problem in the market. The policy stance, therefore, appears to be one of caution tinged with optimism on the short-term economic variables.
What should be a cause for worry though is the sluggishness in credit offtake which is forcing banks to lower deposit rates, in turn affecting senior citizens who live off interest income. State Bank of India recently cut rates on some tenors to maintain its margins and it is likely that other banks will follow suit. The RBI has also maintained its projection of 5.5 per cent growth in GDP for this fiscal while pointing out that growth could slow down “mildly” in the second and third quarters before picking up pace again in the fourth. With the picture on agriculture not very clear at the moment and industrial output dipping in July after a good show in the couple of months preceding that, the central bank’s caution on growth prospects is understandable. Going forward, the critical determinant of the sustenance of the recovery would be resumption of investment activity. Forget new projects, even if the stalled ones resume in right earnest there would be a positive impetus to growth. The fall in oil prices which has wiped out under-recovery in diesel has given the government much-needed elbow room in managing the fiscal deficit. If the disinvestment programme proceeds apace — and at this point in time it does appear to be doing so — then there is room for justifiable optimism on the government meeting the challenging target of a 4.1 per cent fiscal deficit this year. Of course, these data will be critical inputs for the RBI to reverse direction on the rate cycle.

Xolo Q2100 with fingerprint sensor launched in India at Rs 13 499Oct 01, 2014 at 04:55pm IST
Xolo Q2100 with fingerprint sensor launched in India at Rs 13,499
49
0
New Delhi: Xolo has introduced its new smartphone - the Xolo Q2100 - in that comes with a fingerprint sensor to ensure that the data is accessed only by the user. Priced at Rs 13,499, the phone offers advantage over regular patterns locks as only the owner can access the device and one simply cannot forget the fingerprint.
The built-in fingerprint sensor in Xolo Q2100 is located on the top back of the device. It allows users to unlock the screen and access the device at the swipe of the finger. Maximum 3 fingers can be enrolled and successfully decoded as a part of this authentication process.
The fingerprint sensor in Q2100 is also integrated with LastPass - the password manager app. Users will now be able to access LastPass app with a swipe of their finger, access the app with the fingerprint sensor and reach all your accounts, thereby saving you from remembering multiple passwords.
The Xolo Q2100 has a 5.5-inch HD IPS display, quad-core 1.3 GHz CPU, and an 8 megapixel rear camera.
#xolo #xolo q2100 #android #smartphones
In addition to this, the Xolo Q2100 also comes pre-loaded with Peel Smart Remote app. Equipped with IR Blaster, this smart remote app lets users browse what's on TV now or search for shows they want to watch later. To tune into a TV show, all users have to do is tap on the show they want to watch and then tap "Watch on TV" to change the channel on their TV.
Besides being a remote control for the TV and set top box, the Peel Smart Remote app can also control functionality of DVR, DVD player, air conditioner, and other home entertainment devices and appliances.
The phone has a 5.5-inch HD IPS display, quad-core 1.3 GHz CPU, loaded with LPDDR3 RAM which is said to be twice as powerful as old LPDDR2 RAM, an 8 megapixel rear camera and a 2 megapixel front camera.
The dual-SIM smartphone runs on Andorid 4.4 KitKat OS and is protected with Corning Gorilla Glass 3. It has a 2800mAh battery.
The Xolo Q2100 is available only for Rs 13,499.
Key specifications: Xolo Q2100
- Fingerprint Sensor with LastPass integration
- IR Blaster
- 8 MP AF rear camera with Sony Exmor R™ Sensor & Dual LED Flash
- 2 MP Front Camera
- 5.5" HD IPS Display, CORNING® Gorilla® Glass 3
- 1.3 GHz Quad-core Processor
- 1 GB LPDDR3 RAM, 8GB Internal Memory
- Android v4.4 KitKat

A new app that teaches preschoolers basic computer codingOct 01, 2014 at 04:34pm IST
A new app that teaches preschoolers basic computer coding
27
0
Cambridge: This computer programming app is so easy to use that even a kindergartener can do it.
Researchers in Massachusetts have created a basic computer coding app that they say is the first designed specifically for children as young as 5. Kids who haven't yet learned to read can use the app to craft their own interactive stories and games.
With ScratchJr, children can snap together graphical programming blocks to make characters and other elements in their project move, jump, talk and change size. Users can modify various elements in the paint editor, add their own voices and sounds, and even insert their own photos.
With this new app, children can snap together graphical programming blocks to make characters and other elements in their project move, jump, talk and change size.
#computer coding #apps #preschoolers #kids
"When many people think of computer programming, they think of something very sophisticated," says co-developer Michel Resnick of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. "But we don't think it has to be that way."
Marina Umaschi Bers, his co-developer from Tufts University, cites research that shows children start to form convictions by fourth grade about how good or bad they are in math, science and technology.
"So most programs that introduce coding in fourth grade and up, it's great, but they are coming kind of late to the party," she says.
The project was funded by a $1.3 million grant from the National Science Foundation to help children learn to think creatively and reason systematically.
The free app is already being used in kindergarten classrooms at the Eliot-Pearson Children's School in Medford.
"I learned to concentrate and use the imagination a lot," 7-year-old Talia Levitt says. "You can do, like, almost anything on it."
Her classmate, 7-year-old Aiden Crott, adds, "I like making the background and then making the program and make the guy move around everywhere."
ScratchJr was inspired by the popular Scratch programming language for older kids. Developers say they redesigned the interface and programming language to make it appropriate for younger children.
The app was launched in July on the iPad platform, and developers are working on versions for the Web and Android devices.
"We don't want necessarily every young child to become a computer scientist or to work as an engineer, but we want every young child to be exposed to these new ways of thinking that coding makes possible," Bers said.
Claire Caine, a teacher at the Jewish Community Day School in Watertown, said she likes the app because it encourages kids to explore and figure out solutions to problems.
"Give it to them young enough, and they start doing it, and it just becomes like brushing teeth," Caine said. "Nobody says they are not good at brushing teeth or they can't brush their teeth."
70

FIIs Can Buy Up To 45% Stake in Apollo Tyres: RBIRupee Rises to 61.66/Dollar Tracking Strong Equities
Foreign investors have been allowed by the RBI to buy up to 45 per cent of the paid-up equity capital in Apollo Tyres.
"Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs)/Registered Foreign Portfolios Investors (RFPIs), through primary market and stock exchanges, can now purchase up to 45 per cent of the paid-up capital of Apollo Tyres Limited under the Portfolio Investment Scheme (PIS)," RBI said in a notification.
The tyre manufacturer had passed resolutions at the board level and a special resolution agreeing to enhance the limit from 40 per cent to 45 per cent for purchase of its equity shares and convertible debentures by FIIs/RFPIs.
Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs), Registered Foreign Portfolios Investors (RFPIs), NRIs and PIOs (Persons of Indian Origins) can invest in primary and secondary capital markets in India through PIS.
The RBI monitors the ceilings on FII/NRI/PIO investments in Indian companies on a daily basis.
To effectively monitor the limit, RBI has fixed cut-off points two percentage points lower than the actual ceiling.
The RBI monitors the ceilings on FII/NRI/PIO investments in Indian companies on a daily basis.
To effectively monitor the limit, RBI has fixed cut-off points two percentage points lower than the actual ceiling.
Shares of the company closed 2.98 per cent lower at Rs 197 per scrip on the BSE today.
 

Utilities win as eurozone fears damp techUtilities gain as eurozone fears damp tech
By Eric Platt and Mamta Badkar in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9a321818-4983-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jayalalithaa to stay in jail; bail hearing adjourned till Oct 7EYE BROWSE
Jayalalithaa to stay in jail; bail hearing adjourned till Oct 7
Jayalalithaa moved higher court after being convicted by a Bangalore special court in the 18-year-old disproportionate assets case.
Yahoo India –  Wed 1 Oct, 2014
BANGALORE: All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) chief J Jayalalithaa suffered another setback on Wednesday as the vacation bench of the Karnataka High Court adjourned her petition seeking bail till October 7, Zee News reports.
The former Tamil Nadu chief minister till then will remain in jail.
Earlier, lawyers representing Jayalalithaa had filed a memo, demanding speedy hearing into the case.
They argued that the plea should be heard immediately as the imprisonment of the AIADMK chief created law and order problems in Tamil Nadu.
A special Bangalore court on Saturday had convicted Jayalalithaa in the Rs.66-crore disproportionate assets case and sentenced her to four years' simple imprisonment with a fine of Rs.100 crore.
The Karnataka High Court on Tuesday adjourned her bail plea hearing till October 6 when Jayalalithaa moved higher court after being convicted in the 18-year-old disproportionate assets case.
Protests were carried out on Tuesday in Chennai and Bangalore in support of the jailed AIADMK supremo.
AIADMK supporters staged a protest outside the Parappana Agrahara jail in Bangalore, where party leaders had paid a visit earlier today to meet Jayalalithaa.
Meanwhile in Chennai, Tamil film stars, including actor and leader Sharath Kumar, came out in Jayalalithaa's support and staged a silent protest.
Cinema halls in the city have also been shutdown today in protest against the verdict on Jayalalithaa.
"We only wish and pray that she (Jayalalithaa) gets bail, I wish she's shifted back to Tamil Nadu," said actor and leader Sharath Kumar.
Explaining the security and medical arrangements for Jayalalithaa, Bangalore Police Commissioner M N Reddi said, "Whenever there is z or z+ category security in our area, it becomes our responsibility to write to the government hospitals and keep the ward ready." (With inputs from agencies)
Recommend

Rhode Island child dies of infection associated with rare respiratory virusBy Mark Berman October 1 Follow @markberman
A Rhode Island child died last week of an infection associated with the rare respiratory virus that has been sickening children around the country, health officials said on Wednesday.
The child died of a staph infection associated with an infection of enterovirus 68 , or EV-D68, the uncommon viral strain that has been found in hundreds of children in 41 states and the District of Columbia.
“We are all heartbroken to hear about the death of one of Rhode Island’s children,” Michael Fine, director of the the Rhode Island Department of Health, said in a statement. “Many of us will have EV-D68. Most of us will have very mild symptoms and all but very few will recover quickly and completely. The vast majority of children exposed to EV-D68 recover completely.”
Enteroviruses are incredibly common, as more than 100 strains cause between 10 and 15 million infections each year. Many people who are infected with enteroviruses don’t get sick or only develop a cold. This particular strain, which can cause severe breathing problems, has not been seen very often since it was first identified in 1962 in California.
But this year, it has cropped up across the country , sending children as young as six weeks old to the hospital and leading to concerns over  how far this virus would ultimately spread . No vaccination is available for this virus, which spreads when an infected person coughs or sneezes.
This rare virus was found in four people who have died so far this year, but it is not known how much of a factor the infection was, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
“The role that EV-D68 infection played in these deaths is unclear at this time,” Karen Mason of the CDC’s viral diseases division wrote in an e-mail. She said that state and local health departments are still investigating what happened.
There have been more than 470 cases confirmed across the country so far this year, almost all of them affecting children. The likely number of actual cases is much, much larger, as health officials in many states suspect that there are many cases that have not been formally diagnosed yet. (One hospital in Kansas City, Mo., told us that they believe that up to 450 children with this virus were treated there last month.) Still, the CDC says that since enteroviruses are more common in the summer and fall, the number of infections is expected to drop later in the fall.
The official cause of death in Rhode Island is the staph infection associated with the enterovirus, said Christina Batastini, a spokeswoman for the department. But again, the precise role the enterovirus played in this child’s death is not settled, she said.
“As of now, it’s unclear which one caused the death,” she told The Post on Wednesday.
The child’s age and hometown have not been released yet, Batastini said.
A child in New Jersey died last week of an undetermined respiratory illness, according to the Times of Trenton , but it is not known if the enterovirus strain played a role. The New Jersey Department of Health said Tuesday that it is awaiting test results seeing if this child had the rare EV-D68 strain.
Doctors in Colorado reported last week that several children who tested positive for this strain have experienced paralysis or limb weakness , causing the CDC to ask health officials nationwide to watch for similar symptoms.
A report authored by neurologists earlier this year found that up to 25 children in California may have suffered from a polio-like illness that caused the paralysis of some limbs. Some of these children were found to have had the rare enterovirus 68 strain .
[This post has been updated to note that the virus has been found in four deaths, rather than three; the CDC had said three deaths and increased the number Wednesday.]
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Jet Airways  DGCA dispute lands pilots in troubleE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sensex likely to hit 31K by Dec 2015  says C...You are here: Home > Collections > Brokerage
Sensex likely to hit 31,000 by December 2015, says Citigroup
Biswajit Baruah, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 06.18AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Citi has an 'Overweight'…)
MUMBAI: The benchmark BSE Sensex stock index is expected to hit 31,000 by December 2015, rising 17.8% from the current December 2014 target of 26,300, on the back of a revival in the Indian economy as the government, armed with an aggressive growth agenda, is likely to spur policy and investment activity , according to the brokerage unit of Citigroup , the third-biggest US bank.
Citi has an 'Overweight' rating on pharma and cement company stocks on expectations of earnings upgrades. It is positive on banks on balance sheet revaluation and on energy companies on economic reforms. The brokerage is 'Underweight' on consumer staples on moderating demand and on minerals and utilities on regulatory overhangs. The Sensex closed at 26,567.99 on Wednesday.
Among large companies, its top picks are ICICI Bank , Axis Bank, Wipro, HCL Technolgies and Dr. Reddy's Laboratories, while in mid-caps, they are Glenmark Pharma, Voltas, Sobha Developers, Emami and InfoEdge.
Citi said there's an improvement in India's macro-economic landscape indicators such as inflation, current account deficit and fiscal deficit, which is likely to continue. The trend may also reduce risks such as demand and policy action, while raising the confidence of policy makers and businesses to focus on growth and investments.
India's earnings expectations have increased 4-6% over the past year. The brokerage sees a moderate earnings upside for banks, pharma, energy, cement and auto sectors at 16% compounded annual growth rate over FY15-17, with some upgrade possibilities.
India's earnings multiples have expanded significantly by about 21% from their lows.
However, the earnings multiples, which are trading at 15-16 times, are unlikely to see further re-rating in the near future, given the lower return structure, moderate growth and high exposure to the global macro environment.
The biggest gain from the new government has been the increase in risk appetite, as seen in market levels, business talk and consumer spending, which is a pre-requisite for an economic, investment, job-creation and spending revival, the brokerage said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mexico arrests drug lord Beltran Leyva posing as businessmanMexico arrests drug lord Beltran Leyva posing as businessman
Reuters
Mexico City, October 02, 2014
First Published: 09:08 IST(2/10/2014)
print
Hector Beltran Leyva, one of the most notorious Mexican drug lords still at large, was captured on Wednesday by soldiers at a seafood restaurant in a picturesque town in central Mexico popular with American retirees.
The government's announcement it had snared the boss of the Beltran Leyva cartel is a serious blow to a gang named after a group of brothers who became infamous for the bloody turf war they waged with their former ally, Joaquin "Shorty" Guzman.
Beltran Leyva was caught in the picture postcard town of San Miguel de Allende, a three-hour drive northwest of Mexico City, and had been living in the nearby city of Queretaro posing as a businessman dealing in art and real estate, the government said.
The 49-year-old Beltran Leyva and an associate were carrying military-issue handguns, but like his adversary Guzman, he was arrested without a shot being fired. Guzman, who was the world's most wanted drug boss, was captured in Mexico in February.
Beltran Leyva shunned luxury cars, passing himself off as a well-off businessman, said Tomas Zeron, director of criminal investigations at the Attorney General's office.
"(Beltran Leyva) kept his operations away from his home so as not to alter his discreet, low-key lifestyle, avoiding attracting the attention of neighbors or friends or the authorities," Zeron said.
Beltran Leyva now faces charges of trafficking cocaine from Mexico and South America to the United States and Europe and a host of other crimes. In November, the U.S. Treasury Department said the Beltran Leyva gang was responsible for "countless murders" of Mexican anti-drugs and military personnel.
Hector's capture is a major victory for President Enrique Pena Nieto, who has sought to shift focus away from the violence that fighting the drug gangs has spawned in recent years and onto the economic reforms he has pushed through Congress.
Pena Nieto on his Twitter account touted the capture of Beltran Leyva, who had bounties on his head of $5 million in the United States and 30 million pesos ($2.2 million) in Mexico.
Hector, who Zeron said had likely branched out into selling synthetic drugs, was the only one of the gang's brothers known to be involved in drug trafficking not dead or behind bars.
Bloody war
When Mexican special forces arrested Alfredo Beltran Leyva in early 2008, the brothers reportedly believed Guzman had sold out their sibling, sparking a war with the boss of the Sinaloa Cartel based in the northwestern state of the same name.
Over the next three years, the rupture ushered in a new brutality to the violence that overshadowed the 2006-2012 administration of then-President Felipe Calderon.
By 2010, the Beltran Leyvas had lost several leaders and Hector, alias "The Engineer," was in control.
The Beltran Leyva gang has had a reputation as one of the most vengeful and ruthless in the business.
When Hector's older brother Arturo was killed by Mexican marines in December 2009, the government honored one of the young marines slain in the raid and images of the family funeral were broadcast around the country.
The next day, gunmen swept into the family home and killed the marine's mother, sister, brother and an aunt.
For years, the Beltran Leyva brothers had worked with other Sinaloan gangsters, notably Guzman, helping to manage his network of hitmen. The brothers and Guzman hailed from the same region of Sinaloa, and marriages also linked the two clans.
Guzman reportedly tasked the Beltran Leyva organization with infiltrating Mexico's security and political apparatus.
Security experts went as far as to credit Hector Beltran Leyva with having an informant inside the office of then-President Vicente Fox a decade ago. The official, Nahum Acosta, was arrested in 2005 but later released for lack of evidence.
At its peak, the Beltran Leyva cartel dominated drug-trafficking in western Mexico. After the break with Guzman, the brothers forged alliances of convenience with former rivals in the Gulf Cartel as well as the ruthless Zetas.
After Arturo's death, the Beltran Leyva organization was weakened by infighting as a split emerged between Hector and a faction led by U.S.-born Edgar Valdez Villarreal, alias "La Barbie," whom Mexican authorities arrested in August 2010.
Lately, however, US officials said that the Beltran Leyva cartel had begun to expand after rebuilding itself.

Highlights: PM Modi launches  Swachh Bharat  campaignHighlights: PM Modi launches 'Swachh Bharat' campaign
BS Web Team | Mumbai Oct 02, 2014 09:46 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday launched the 'Swachh Bharat' (Clean India) campaign by wielding a broom at Valmiki Basti in New Delhi, home to a lower caste that has traditionally been employed in janitorial and scavenging work.
Modi chose the Valmiki colony in Delhi's heart -- a place once home to Mahatma Gandhi -- and cleaned a small area for a minute, in the company of party colleagues and officials. He also interacted with 'safai karamcharis' (janitors) there. 
Earlier, he visited Rajghat, Mahatma Gandhi's memorial, and asked Indians to help build a nation that fulfils the dream of the father of the nation.
 
He later addressed the nation, calling for a national movement to improve cleanliness and hygiene levels in the country. Here are the key highlights from his speech. 
I bow to Mahatma Gandhi on his birth anniversary.
Gandhiji's thoughts and beliefs remain a great inspiration for us. Let us dedicate ourselves to building the India of Gandhiji's dreams
We gained freedom under the leadership of Gandhiji, but his dream of clean India is still unfulfilled: 
We gained freedom under the leadership of Gandhiji but his dream of clean India is still unfulfilled.
This is a campaign for 1.2 billion people. It is not just the job of sanitation workers to keep the country clean. Is it not our responsibility of 1.2 bn citizens as well? WIll we just go on blaming the sanitation workers?
When we see littering, why don't we feel the urge to clean it up? 
This change is not going to happen through a publicity campaign only because old habits are hard to change. But we have time till 2019, when we celebrated Mahatma Gandhi's 150th brith anniversary. 
This has to become a people's movement.
If we can send a satellite to Mars, can't we at least keep our neighbourhoods clean? 
I have come prepared to face any criticism over this programme. 
I am urging people to use social media to further this mission. Upload pics of garbage and how you clean it. 
Let this be an mission to inspire others. this should not become a campaign to point fingers at each other, it must be above politics.
If this becomes just another photo-op, it will be a disservice to India.
This campaign is for 1.2 billion people, I will say this 1.2 billion times
This is not just the work of the government or ministers or social service organisations -- this is a job for the common public; the more people we can get to join this mission, the more benefit we will see. 
WHO says poor sanitation costs an average Indian about Rs 6,500 annually because of health costs and lost income because of illness induced by poor hygiene. We can save about Rs 6,000 crore if we can keep India clean.  
Quit India was successful as the entire country was a part of that movement. Clean India will be successful if 1.2 billion become part of it. 
Don't trust me or my government, trust the ideals of Mahatma Gandhi, trust his dream of a clean India. 
It should be our responsibility not just to litter but equally to prevent it.
When Indians go abroad, they marvel at their cleanliness, but do we see the people there throw litter or spit paan (betel) juice on the streets? That is the secret of cleanliness -- the mindset of the people. 
Other governments before this, as well as other organisations and individuals have taken steps to clean India. Today, I would to applaud them for their efforts. 
This has to be a collective responsibility, we should not judge it by who has done what, how successfuly who was etc. If we get into nit-picking the past, this will not work. 
I have invited 9 people to join me, they should pick another nine and this should go on: PM Modi. Nine people include Mridula Sinha, Sachin Tendulkar, Shashi Tharoor, Kamal Haasan, Priyanka Chopra, Anil Ambani, Salman Khan, and the team of Tarak Mehta Ka Oolta Chashma
Constructing more toilets is extremely important. I feel pained when the women of India have to go in the open to relieve themselves. 
At the end of the address, Modi invited film actor Aamir Khan to join him on stage while he led the assembly in a pledge to volunteer at least two hours towards keeping their environs clean. 

Brent near 27-month low as abundant supply weighsBrent fell the most since 2012 in the past quarter and could struggle to recover amid an oversupplied market that has kept prices below $100.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE: Brent crude futures hovered near $94 a barrel on Thursday and were close to their lowest level in more than two years, reflecting sustained pressure from plentiful global supply and weak demand conditions in Europe and China.
Brent fell the most since 2012 in the past quarter and could struggle to recover amid an oversupplied market that has kept prices below $100 for more than three weeks now.
While a mending US economy bodes well for a potential rebound in oil prices in the last quarter of the year, sluggish economic signals elsewhere may limit gains.
"Ultimately weak demand conditions in Europe and China mean that aggressive gains are going to be hard to come by," said Ankit Pahuja, commodity strategist at Australia and New Zealand Banking Group (ANZ).
Investors are eyeing the outcome of the European Central Bank's meeting later in the day, in particular wanting to see the details of a new asset-buying plan to revive the flagging eurozone economy.
Data on Wednesday showed China's manufacturing sector held up in September but remained subdued.
Brent oil for November delivery was off 17 cents at $93.99 a barrel by 0529 GMT. The contract fell as low as $93.78 on Wednesday, its weakest since June 2012.
US November crude eased 10 cents to $90.63 per barrel, within striking distance of 16-month lows touched in early September.
SAUDI CHALLENGE
With oil prices continuing to slide, the pressure is building up on the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to reduce output during its meeting next month.
While analysts expect OPEC to adjust the group's output target of 30 million barrels per day (bpd) for early 2015, the actual cut may not be big enough to spur a sharp spike in oil prices.
OPEC Secretary General Abdullah al-Badri said last month he expected the group's production to drop to around 29.5 million bpd in 2015.
"We think there will be some reduction from OPEC but whether it's as aggressive as some have forecast in the market is still a bit of a question mark," said ANZ's Pahuja.
"The challenge is going to be whether Saudi Arabia wants to give up market share to returning supply from Iran and Libya ."
Saudi Arabia on Wednesday announced a bigger-than-expected cut in its official oil sales price to Asia in November, the clearest sign yet that the world's top exporter is trying to compete for crude market share and keep oil markets well supplied.
National Australia Bank has cut its average Brent price forecast for 2015 to $103 from $105, saying weaker economic conditions in China, Japan and much of Europe have pushed demand expectations lower despite some optimism in the United States , the UK and India.
"Market expectations of oil prices have fallen sharply since June as ample supply and weak demand continue to outweigh concerns over geopolitical tensions in the Middle East," NAB analysts said in a note.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

How realistic are B-School rankingsAbhishek Agrawal      Follow @twit2abhi    Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 11:53 IST
Abhishek Agrawal, executive director, MDRA
While the world's first business school (ESCP Europe) was founded in Paris, France, in 1819, it took 130 more years for the first business school to be set up in India (XLRI Jamshedpur, established in 1949). However, the world's first MBA degree was started at Harvard Business School, USA, in 1908 while IISWBM Kolkata (Indian Institute of Social Welfare & Business Management) is credited with offering the first MBA degree in India (since 1953), followed by FMS Delhi. Prestigious IIMs were started in 1961 (first in Calcutta, followed by Ahmedabad the same year).
Although India started considerably late, it boasts the largest number of B-schools in the world (about 4,000 out of 15,000 globally). Several among these B-schools offer more than one management programmes at the post-graduate level, thus having 5,000 plus management programmes in India.
As per a recent global survey conducted by Graduate Management Admission Council (GMAC) among prospective students, India is the fifth most preferred MBA destination in the world. The two big reasons cited for this were - affordability of education and availability of financial aid. The point to ponder is "quality of education" was not a reason. While Indian B-schools are being increasingly recognised globally and their alumni are getting more and higher places on global corporate boards, such accomplishments are there for few top business schools.
Also, top Indian B-schools have been getting prestigious places in global rankings recently - but there are only few. Some have also been accredited by highly coveted international accreditation agencies like AMBA, AACSB or EQUIS.
This all have led to some good choices for Indian and international students while deciding on admissions into a good management programme in India. However, management education is generally expensive and choice of B-school has a long-lasting impact on one's career and earnings. Therefore, it is very important to take latest information based decision.
Putting this in mind, the approach taken by BT-MDRA ranking methodology ensures:
>> RELEVANCY: All the parameters and sub-parameters for evaluation need to be relevant and contextual (e.g. number of faculty members alone is not a good indicator of faculty strength, it  has to be in the context of number of students as well - therefore, student-faculty ratio is taken).
>> LATEST: While many rankings rely on past year's data, MDRA goes all out to ensure that current data is used for evaluation as the management education sector in India is highly dynamic.
>> WIDTH: As many as 123 attributes of each B-school are evaluated that contribute to 16 sub-parameters and five parameters in Objective ranking. This is probably the widest and largest set of inputs used in any ranking for evaluation . Also, in terms of sample selection for perceptual rankings, the coverage is from more than 20 cities and towns cut-across the country.
>> DEPTH: It is ensured that deep down information is used to its best while scoring each of the B-schools on each of these 123 attributes. Further, these are validated through various ways including most robust physical audit. While taking perceptual ranking, not only country-wide but zonal rankings are also taken.
The kind of approach and detailing taken by BT-MDRA ranking clearly differentiates and certainly helps in putting fact before fiction. Some like it or hate it, our B-school rankings are being increasingly used for key decision makings and also at policy initiatives. While our rankings attract a lot of attention among all categories of stakeholders increasingly, one might ask how realistic are these rankings?
If one knows the processes and the limitations of these rankings, these are quite near to the real picture and of great help in decision-making. The BT-MDRA rankings give good enough picture and trend to start short-listing institutions for admissions or recruitments. However, as in case of any other product category, the decision making process has to take into account individual preferences and the goal in mind.
Some of the limitations of our rankings are:
>> PARTICIPATION OF B-SCHOOLS: As 50 per cent of the weight to total score for final ranking depends on Objective data provided by these institutions, non-participation by some good B-schools definitely affects the relative ranking. For example, this year IIM Bangalore, IIM Lucknow and IMT Ghaziabad could not participate in ranking which could bring institutions below them some level up in these relative rankings - an institution not deserving top 20 might well enter into this highly coveted league.
>> PERCEPTUAL RANKINGS: 40 per cent of the weight to total score is based on perceptual rankings. Although BT-MDRA ranking methodology ensures that only "experienced" people (deans/ directors, recruiters, final year students, alumni) participate in these perceptual rankings, undoubtedly their perception might also get influenced by visibility, branding and marketing efforts by some colleges who do not deserve a very good rank. In addition, any sample-based survey is prone to sampling and non-sampling errors during selection of respondents, howsoever small that may be.
>> NON-MEASURABLE ASPECTS: The underlying principle of any such comparison lies in comparing what can be measured. For example, an institute having better student-faculty ratio is allotted better score and higher academic qualification of faculty, more experience (both teaching and industry) etc go in their favor. However, it is not easy to answer a question like between two equally qualified faculties, who teaches better? In practice, several things are assumed - e.g. more books means more reading, better infrastructure means better and more usage of them, but these assumptions might not be true.
>> GENERALISATION: There are several sector-specific good programmes such as being offered by MICA, IRMA, IIFM, VAMNICOM, MANAGE, NIAM, etc, which have their own niche market (both students and recruiters). However, due to non-awareness and being clubbed with general management courses rankings, their relative positions stand a chance to suffer.
Knowledge of these limitations would not only help in taking decisions by stakeholders but also in our constant endeavor to make these better over years. Nonetheless, the BT-MDRA ranking methodology has extreme wide and deep coverage in terms of attributes/ parameters for evaluation, participation (the participation is by far the largest among all rankings), stakeholder selection for perceptual ranking and has unique experiential ranking element coupled with strong verification and physical audit system which definitely makes it most credible and sought-after ranking.

Thank you  America  PM Modi tells new converts‘Thank you, America’, PM Modi tells new converts
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, October 01, 2014
First Published: 18:25 IST(1/10/2014) | Last Updated: 10:49 IST(2/10/2014)
Comments
Vivek Wadhwa, a Silicon Valley tech-thinker, came to DC somewhat leery of the hype around Prime Minister Narendra Modi. He left Tuesday evening a complete convert.
“I was… blown away with Modi’s humour and confidence,” Wadhwa said after the state department luncheon by Joe Biden and John Kerry for the Prime Minister.
US President Barack Obama welcomes Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
“I talked to Modi only very briefly, though. But he won me over... I was on the fence until today.”
Modi left for home after a four-and-a-half day US tour a very satisfied man, pleased with what he is taking home, and the impact he has had on Americans.
Pete Sessions, chairman of the House ethics committee, was absolutely charmed. He said Modi reminded him of President Ronald Reagan, the nearest thing to God to Republicans.
“I had a very successful tour,” Modi told an audience at his last stop, an event hosted by the USIBC, from where he was to head straight to the airport for his flight home.
“Thank you, America,” he said, waving to the audience.
But were there milestone achievements or major announcements? There were no investment packages of the kind Modi brought from Japan or the one Xi Jinping brought.
“No,” said Michael Kugleman of Wilson Center, “But we shouldn’t have expected any. For Obama and Modi, the visit was all about the basics: getting to know each other, committing to get the relationship back on track, and promising to push toward even greater cooperation.”
One think-tanker differed: “In terms of optics it was a huge success, but are we to overlook the absence of deliverables — packages.” He said he would hold his verdict for now.
Here is a quick re-cap of Modi’s visit:
Day 1, September 26: A quiet evening at the hotel.
Day 2, September 27: After his maiden speech at UNGA, diplomats, UN staffers and three Prime Ministers queue up to greet him backstage. X-Men star Hugh Jackman introduces him at the Global Citizens festival. The prime minister speaks in English, connects with a largely American audience, all young.
Day 3, September 28: He gets a rockstar reception from the Indian American community at Madison Square Garden, with over 30 US lawmakers present.
Day 4, September 29: Seventeen of the world’s most powerful business leaders meet him in his suite — including Lloyd Blankfein, Jeff Imelt, Henry Kravis, Indra Nooyi.
He ends the day in DC, with a quiet dinner with President Barack Obama, and aides. They connect. Modi said later “we have similar interests” and “our wavelengths matched”.
Day 5, September 30: India-US formal bilateral meeting goes on for two hours, after which Obama accompanies Modi to the memorial of Martin Luther King.
That was noted. Experts found a renewed commitment by the two countries to the relationship. For Teresita Schaffer, the timing itself was a significant achievement.
She said the US normally never agrees to bilateral summits in DC during the UNGA. “If they agree to one there will be requests for more,” she said, “which they cannot turn down.”
Read: Modi returns home after hectic US visit
Obama took that chance, she added, and that points to something that had been missing earlier. Modi, too, took a chance, said Kugleman. He could have declined the invitation.
“Instead, he accepted it and took full advantage of his time in Washington. This is a strong signal of his intention to move beyond the past and to get this relationship back on track.”
And that looks like Mission Accomplished.
 

Maharashtra: Despite split with Shiv Sena  Gadkari says post-poll alliance possible43
0
Mumbai: Despite the bitter political political divorce between the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Shiv Sena in Maharashtra, Union Minister Nitin Gadkari has said that the party is not ruling out a post poll alliance. "In the future we can meet and form an alliance," he said adding that there are a lot of things that in common between the Sena and the BJP.
Terming the ending of the 25-year-old alliance as an unfortunate development, Gadkari said that alliance had to end because the Shiv Sena refused to budge from their demands.
"Sena has unilaterally declared the CM candidate. Previously it was decided whichever party gets the maximum seats gets the CM post but unfortunately. Initially we wanted the 144:144 formula but later we decided that we can come down. We were demanding for seats where Sena lost their security deposit. But Sena refused and that is why the alliance broke," Gadkari said.
#maharashtra #maharashtra #assembly elections 2014 #nitin gadkari
Gadkari also added that the BJP does not have any reservations against Sena Chief Uddhav Thackeray and his son Aditya. "They have full right to decide the numbers. We have no enmity," he said adding that the seat sharing in Maharashtra is a controversial issue.
However, he said that the ending of the alliance is not a setback to NDA. "Every party has the right to increase their base," he said.
The BJP leader also rubbished reports of a possible tie-up with the Nationalist Congress Party. "These are baseless allegations made by the Congress leaders. We are not getting into an alliance with the NCP," he said. Soon after the BJP ended their alliance with Shiv Sena, NCP too, called off their 15-year old alliance with the Congress.
3

PM Modi flags off Swachh Bharat mission  says it s inspired by patriotism not politicsOct 02, 2014 at  11:18am IST
PM Modi flags off Swachh Bharat mission, says it's inspired by patriotism not politics
28
8
New Delhi: Amidst a crowd of thousand ranging from school students to industrialists to celebrities, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday launched his Swachh Bharat or the Clean India mission. Reading out a pledge for cleanliness, he took an assurance from the people to actively take part in the campaign.
Appreciating the organisations and volunteers who have been working to keep the country clean, Modi said that the campaign should be kept beyond politics. "Swachh Bharat mission is beyond politics. It is inspired by patriotism and not politics. I do not make any claim that only this government has done everything. All governments have done something or the other to achieve cleanliness in the country. I greet all of them for this," the PM said.
To attract involvement of the people, Modi started a social media campaign where he asked 9 people to come to public places and work towards a Clean India. "I have invited Mridula Sinha ji, Sachin Tendulkar, yoga guru Ramdev, Shashi Tharoor, Kamal Haasan, Priyanka chopra, Salman Khan, team of Tarak Mehta Ka Oolta Chashma, Anil Ambani," he said adding that he urges them to invite 9 more people too to add to this chain.
#clean india #clean up india #swachh bharat #narendra modi
Modi also said that the common man needs to be engaged in the initiative to get optimum results. "It is every individuals responsibility to keep the country clean. We should pledge that neither will we throw garbage nor will let anyone do it," he said.
"It takes time to change established mindset. It is a difficult task. But we have five years," he said, referring to his stated goal of having a Clean India by 2019, Mahatma Gandhi's 150th birth anniversary.
Modi urged people to upload pictures and videos of dirty places and how they get cleaned up on the social media. He also asked people to use MyGov, a mobile application, as well as Facebook and Twitter to promote the nationwide campaign.
Earlier in the day, Modi himself swept a pavement at Valmiki Basti, a colony of sanitation workers after paying tributes at the memorials of Mahatma Gandhi and former Prime Minister Lal Bahadur Shastri on their birth anniversaries. While launching the mission at Mandir Marg, he also made a surprise visit at the local police station to check on cleanliness.
Accompanied by officials, the Prime Minister collected the garbage and put it in a bin. He later interacted with the children there.
I have invited 9 people and asked them to come to public places and work towards a Clean India. I ask them to invite 9 more people too: PM
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) October 2, 2014
I have invited Mridula Sinha ji, I have invited Sachin Tendulkar, @yogrishiramdev , @ShashiTharoor , Kamal Haasan, @priyankachopra : PM
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) October 2, 2014
I have invited @BeingSalmanKhan , team of Tarak Mehta Ka Oolta Chashma: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) October 2, 2014
The Prime Minister has invited Mr. Anil Ambani among the 9 people to join the movement to Clean India. #MyCleanIndia
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) October 2, 2014
1000

BJP welcomes restarting of e-rickshaws in Delhi26
0
New Delhi: Delhi unit of BJP on Thursday welcomed the gazette notification by Ministry of Road Transport and Highways on restarting operation of e-rickshaws.
"The notification issued will pave the way for legal and safe operation of e-rickshaws not only in Delhi but in entire India," BJP's Delhi unit chief Satish Upadhyay said.
He said that Delhi Lt Governor Najeeb Jung should apprise Delhi High Court about this notification requesting for upliftment of the ban on the operation of e-rickshaws.
Delhi unit of BJP welcomed the gazette notification by Ministry of Road Transport and Highways on restarting operation of e-rickshaws.
#e rickshaws #delhi #bjp #satish upadhyay
Upadhyay asked AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal to take action against party leader Somnath Bharti as Delhi police had charged him with molestation, criminal intimidation, criminal trespass in connection with the January 15 Khirki Extension 'raid'.
"Arvind Kejriwal demands resignation from other party leaders on small issues; and when the court has framed charges against his party colleague Somnath Bharti in connection with a serious international case connected with security of women, he should compel Bharti to resign from Assembly," he said.
1

A Great Offer or A Raw DealA Great Offer or A Raw Deal
Following White House security lapses  U.S. Secret Service director Julia Pierson resignsFollowing White House security lapses  U.S. Secret Service director Julia Pierson resigns
JSW Energy appoints Sheila Sangwan as independent directorOct 02, 2014, 11.26 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
JSW Energy appoints Sheila Sangwan as independent director
JSW Energy has informed that the company on October 1, 2014 has appointed Ms. Sheila Sangwan as an independent director of the company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
JSW Energy appoints Sheila Sangwan as independent director
JSW Energy has informed that the company on October 1, 2014 has appointed Ms. Sheila Sangwan as an independent director of the company.
Post your opinion here
 
JSW Energy Ltd has informed BSE that the Company on October 01, 2014 has appointed Ms. Sheila Sangwan as an Independent Director of the Company.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Kingfisher Airlines secures stay from Calcutta High Court against decision of United Bank of IndiaOct 02, 2014, 11.19 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Kingfisher Airlines secures stay from Calcutta High Court against decision of United Bank of India
Kingfisher Airlines has informed regarding a press release dated September 27, 2014 titled
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Kingfisher Airlines secures stay from Calcutta High Court against decision of United Bank of India
Kingfisher Airlines has informed regarding a press release dated September 27, 2014 titled
Post your opinion here
 
Kingfisher Airlines Ltd has informed BSE regarding a Press Release dated September 27, 2014 titled "Kingfisher Airlines Secures Stay from The Hon'ble Calcutta High Court Against the Wilful Defaulter Decision of United Bank of India".Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Dhakis face uncertain future in BengalDhakis face uncertain future in Bengal
PTI
Business LIne Dhakis (drummers) playing before Goddess Durga idol during Navrathri celebrations in Kolkata. (File photo)
Kolkata, Oct 2:  
‘Dhakis’ are integral to almost all festivities in Bengal but the art of playing the huge barrel-shaped membranophone instrument is dying a slow death.
Most of the ‘dhakis’ or men who play the ‘dhak’ hail from humble rural backgrounds of Murshidabad, Hooghly, Malda, Bankura, Malda and Purulia districts of the state.
Few are farmers and masons while others are into odd jobs for the rest of the year and wait for the festive season when they can earn some extra money.
“It was started by our forefathers. But it became their livelihood and continued to be so for a long long time until today when things have changed for the worse,” 34-year-old Tapas Das, a ‘dhaki’ from Murshidabad said.
Das is a weaver by profession and he along with four members of his family has come to the city to play during the Durga puja festivities.
“You will not survive just by playing the dhak. My father understood this and started weaving sarees. He would play the ‘dhak’ at Durga Puja in Kolkata to earn some extra money. I am only following his footsteps,” Das, who has been hired to perform at a renowned Durga Puja in the southern part of the city, said.
However, there are others for whom the passion to play the ‘dhak’ and be appreciated is what draws them here during the Durga Pujas.
“It’s not only to earn some extra money that we come here. Playing the dhak is in our blood which prompts us come here,” says Palash Dey from Hooghly.
Generally, four to five ‘dhakis’ (at times eight to ten) form a team to perform at Durga Puja pandals and get a remuneration of around Rs 20,000 to a maximum of Rs 30,000 for the four days of the festival.
But with the budget for the community pujas tightly drawn up, there is a dip in the demand for dhakis which is leading to a slow death of the popular art.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

US  China air differences over Hong Kong protestsUS, China air differences over Hong Kong protests
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Oct 2:  
The top US and Chinese diplomats publicly aired differences today over the protests in Hong Kong, where students want democratic changes to the electoral system.
Secretary of State John Kerry met at the State Department with China’s Foreign Minister Wang Yi as the stand—off between students and authorities intensified in the Chinese territory the stiffest challenge yet to Beijing’s authority since China took control of the former British colony in 1997.
The protesters oppose Beijing’s decision in August that all candidates in an inaugural 2017 election for the territory’s top post must be approved by a committee of mostly pro-Beijing local elites. Tens of thousands of people have been rallying against that decision in Hong Kong’s streets since late last week.
“We believe in open society with the highest possible degree of autonomy and governed by rule of law is essential for Hong Kong’s stability and prosperity, and we have high hopes that the Hong Kong authorities will exercise restraint and respect for the right of the protesters to express their views peacefully,” Kerry said.
‘China’s internal affairs’
Wang pushed back. He said the protests are “China’s internal affairs” and called on other countries to respect its sovereignty.
“I believe for any country, for any society, no one will allow those illegal acts that violate public order. That’s the situation in the United States, and that’s the same situation in Hong Kong,” he said, adding that Hong Kong’s administration has the capability to handle the situation in accordance to law.
The protesters say China is reneging on a promise that Hong Kongers would be allowed to choose their own leader starting in 2017. Kerry reiterated US support for so-called “universal suffrage.”
Protesters warned Wednesday they will step up their actions if the territory’s top official doesn’t resign by Thursday, possibly occupying several important government buildings.
Chinese state media indicated the government may be losing patience with the protesters. China’s main TV broadcaster CCTV said all Hong Kong residents should support authorities to “deploy police enforcement decisively” and “restore the social order in Hong Kong as soon as possible.”
Wang is visiting Washington to prepare for a planned visit by President Obama to a summit of Asia—Pacific economies being hosted by China in November.
Richard Bush, a China expert at the Brookings Institution think tank in Washington, said China will be annoyed by the U.S. publicly raising its concerns over Hong Kong, but won’t want the upcoming summit to be overshadowed by a crackdown on protesters.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Maharashtra polls: More Muslim candidates contesting this timeMaharashtra polls: More Muslim candidates contesting this time
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 2:  
As Maharashtra braces itself for a five cornered contest post split in major alliances, the number of Muslim candidates entering the poll fray has gone up compared to 2009 elections.
While the total number of candidates fielded by the four major parties along with the MNS is 1,356 in the 288 Assembly constituencies this year as compared to 705 in 2009, the number of Muslim candidates contesting elections has also shot up to 45 against 19 in the 2009 assembly polls.
Muslim candidates now constitute 3.3 per cent of the total candidates fielded, which was 2.7 per cent in 2009.
Congress has fielded 19 Muslim candidates, highest for any party, this year, while it had brought only 12 candidates in the poll fray in 2009 elections. Congress had contested on 170 assembly seats in alliance with the NCP.
NCP has increased its number of Muslim candidates substantially to 16. It will contest 286 seats this year. In 2009, the party had fielded four Muslims out of 113 seats it had contested in alliance with Congress.
Shiv-Sena’s former ally BJP has brought in two Muslim faces, while in 2009, only one Muslim candidate had contested the polls. It is contesting 257 seats this year.
The Shiv Sena, which had fielded one Muslim candidate in last assembly elections, this year too have one Muslim candidate out of 286. Sena had contested 160 seats in alliance with BJP in 2009.
The MNS which has fielded candidates in 239 Assembly constituencies as compared to 143 in 2009, has put up seven Muslim candidates in the poll fray this time as compared to one in last assembly polls.
Malegaon constituency will see the highest number of 17 Muslim candidates of various parties battling it out to enter the assembly this year.
The seat was won by Mufti Ismail Abdul Khaliq in 2009 who contested on a Jan Surajya Shakti Party ticket, but Khaliq this year, has filed his nomination on an NCP ticket.
There is only one non-Muslim candidate Rajesh Mangu More who will fight on the ticket of Mayavati-lead Bahujan Samaj Party in Malegaon.
The 288 seats will go to polls on October 15 and the counting is on October 19.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

India contributes $1 million to UN womens bodyIndia contributes $1 million to UN women’s body
PTI
Tweet
United Nations, Oct 2:  
Underscoring its commitment to the UN’s body on gender equality and women empowerment, India has contributed $1 million to the organisation for the current financial year.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj handed over the cheque as India’s contribution to the core voluntary budget of UN Women (United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women) to Under-Secretary General and Executive Director of UN Women, Phumzile Mlambo-Ngcuka, here yesterday for the 2014-2015 financial year.
The contribution constituted the fifth instalment of India’s multi-year pledge to provide core predictable funding to UN Women’s resources and takes India’s existing total contribution to $5 million to the UN body.
Swaraj reaffirmed the Indian Government’s steadfast commitment to the goals of UN Women, including gender equality, gender mainstreaming and highlighted the important role played by UN Women in the formulation of the post-2015 Development Agenda, including the use of information and communication technology for development, according to a statement issued by the Permanent Mission of India to the UN.
India is one of the founding members of the Executive Board of the UN Women, and is currently serving on the UN Women’s Executive Board.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

US Secret Service chief resigns over security breachesUS Secret Service chief resigns over security breaches
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Oct 2:  
The director of the US Secret Service resigned Wednesday following a string of lapses by the elite presidential protection branch, including one in which an intruder ran through the front door of the White House.
“Today, Julia Pierson, the Director of the United States Secret Service, offered her resignation, and I accepted it,” Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said in a statement.
Johnson appointed Joseph Clancy to serve as interim acting director until a permanent replacement for Pierson, who only took up her post 18 months ago after a prostitution scandal erupted within the agency.
An independent panel would be named to probe the September 19 incident, which saw homeless US army veteran Omar Gonzalez allegedly jump the White House fence and run into the residence, Johnson said.
Gonzalez pleaded not guilty on Wednesday to three counts including unlawfully entering a restricted building or grounds with a deadly or dangerous weapon.
Outraged US lawmakers grilled Pierson on Tuesday over a series of security breaches, including an incident last month in which an armed security contractor with a criminal record was allowed into an elevator with President Barack Obama when he visited Atlanta, Georgia.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

MphasiS  Q2 results on October 29  2014Oct 02, 2014, 11.25 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
MphasiS' Q2 results on October 29, 2014
MphasiS has informed that a meeting the board of directors of the company will be held on October 29, 2014 to consider approval of the audited financial results of the company and group for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
MphasiS' Q2 results on October 29, 2014
MphasiS has informed that a meeting the board of directors of the company will be held on October 29, 2014 to consider approval of the audited financial results of the company and group for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).
Post your opinion here
 
Mphasis Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 29, 2014, inter alia, to consider approval of the audited financial results of the Company and Group for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).Source : BSE

Modi wields broom to launch  Clean India  initiativeDescription Toggle
1 - 10 / 10
New Delhi, Oct.2 (ANI): Prime Minister Narenda Modi on Thursday visited Valmiki Basti where he wielded the broom as a token gesture to mark 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan'.
On his arrival here at Valmiki Sadan, a housing colony, he was received by BJP MP Meenakshi Lekhi and greeted by children with a 'tilak' who were present at the venue .
Later, he was seen having a conversation with the janitors who also participated in the cleanliness drive along with him.
The chosen venue is the one which boasts the legacy of having once been the place where Mahatma Gandhi lived in a hutment.
Earlier in the morning, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, also paid a surprise visit at Mandir Marg police station while he was on his way to Valmiki Basti.
The nationwide Swachh Bharat campaign focuses on sanitation, hygiene and waste management.
The launch was preceded by cleanliness campaign week beginning September 25 which saw central government offices being spruced up by discarding or overhauling old furniture and sending old files to record rooms. (ANI)
Recommend

I can be Clean India ambassador: Aamir KhanI can be Clean India ambassador: Aamir Khan
Swachh Bharat: Will Delhi remain cleanSwachh Bharat: Will Delhi remain clean
China Pushes Back Against U.S. on Hong Kong ProtestsChina Pushes Back Against U.S. on Hong Kong Protests
Stock markets to remain closed from Oct 2-6Stock markets to remain closed from Oct 2-6
http://t.in.com/dltzBy Biztech2.com Staff
Optimism and a newer outlook has pushed Indian SMEs onto a fast growth track. Business expansion is on the rise with 15 percent of Small Businesses (SBs) and 22 percent of Medium Businesses (MBs) planning to add new branches – thus driving the need for greater collaboration and hence, voice and data communications. 24×7 connectivity has become a top priority component for Indian SMEs in order to gain efficiency and broader reach. They need to provide on-the-move employees the benefits of anytime, anywhere access.
Positive attitude towards communication is the key driver for growth in the voice and data industry.  Close to three-fourths of Indian SMEs rate improving bandwidth to be a key strategic concern. This has resulted in their moving away from basic dial-ups towards wired broadband services, and deploying wireless broadband for mobile employees. A gradual shift from standalone basic phone services (voice and web conferencing) towards data (internet access and UCs) has been noticed.  A significant number of SMEs are considering moving to VOIP and video communications to further efficient collaboration.
The SME Internet market has shown more than 10 percent growth, which is slightly higher than the telecom services market.  The introduction of broadband services at affordable prices has resulted in the bulk of Indian SMEs moving to broadband connectivity – that is, speeds higher than 256kbps. DSL, cable and wireless broadband adoption are also growing rapidly. Though instant messaging (IM) is contributing very little towards total telecom revenues, it has a significant role to play towards growth in overall communication revenue.
SMEs have already realised the benefits of the various applications offered on Smartphones. Benefits of smartphones and the rollout of multiple competitively-prices plans catering to different ranges of users has helped the smart phone market to grow at a faster pace. This, on the other hand, has triggered growth of internet access through mobile.
According to Somnath Das, Kolkata-based Analyst at AMI-Partners, “Looking at the current trend of voice and data adoption among SMEs there is immense opportunity for telcos to market integrated voice and data mobility solutions. Entry level voice and data solutions can definitely increase productivity and responsiveness in smaller organisations.”

First US child dies from enterovirus D68First US child dies from enterovirus D68
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Oct 2:  
A child in the north-eastern US state of Rhode Island has become the first to die from an ongoing outbreak of a respiratory virus, enterovirus D68, health officials said on Tuesday.
The child died from an unusual combination of enterovirus D68 – which has infected more than 470 kids across the United States since August – and a staph infection.
“Infection by both Staphylococcus aureus sepsis and EV-D68 is a very rare combination that can cause very severe illness in children and adults,” the Rhode Island Department of Health said in a statement.
Enterovirus D68 typically causes flu-like symptoms, but in some cases it can cause wheezing and breathing problems that may require hospitalisation.
A spike in cases among patients nationwide has reached 472 people, most of them children, in 41 states, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Concerns have also mounted over the emergence of nine cases in Colorado where children had respiratory infections that were followed by acute neurologic illness, including sudden limb weakness.
Experts are investigating whether there may be a link between the enterovirus outbreak and the paralysis cases.
Four cases of children who had recent respiratory infections, followed by neurologic illness with limb weakness are also being tracked in Boston, Massachusetts.
“At this time, a connection between EV-D68 and the neurologic illness with limb weakness has not been definitively proven,” Boston Children’s Hospital said in a statement.
The children range in age from four to 15 years old. One is in intensive care, two are hospitalized and one has been discharged, the hospital added.
Some enteroviruses, including D68, have been shown in rare cases in the past to be capable of causing neurologic symptoms and sudden muscle weakness.
Viruses in this family typically circulate in the late summer to early fall, before flu season begins in earnest.
If the seasons start to overlap, experts say the potential for dual infections could be particularly dangerous for children with asthma.
There is no vaccine to prevent EV-D68, and frequent hand-washing is the best way to prevent it, experts say.
“We are all heartbroken to hear about the death of one of Rhode Island’s children,” said Michael Fine, director of the Rhode Island Department of Health.
“Many of us will have EV-D68. Most of us will have very mild symptoms and all but very few will recover quickly and completely. The vast majority of children exposed to EV-D68 recover completely.”
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

India cuts H2 govt borrowingGovt’s H2 borrowing to be lower than Rs 2.48 lakh crore - Video | The Times of India
Indiatimes |The Times of India| The Economic Times |
More

Olacabs  Meru revamp as taxi race heats upOlacabs, Meru revamp as taxi race heats up
By Aditi Shrivastava , ET Bureau | 1 Oct, 2014, 10.10AM IST
Tweet
Ola Prime charges between Rs 17 to Rs 20 per km across different cities, almost similar to rates that Uber and Meru are charging in various cities.
Bangalore: As competition intensifies in taxi services, aggregator Olacabs is expanding to four new cities and Meru, one of the older players in the space, has revamped its mobile application.
Ola cabs will now ply in Ludhiana, Amritsar, Visakhapatnam and Surat, increasing its presence to a total of 16 cities in less than three years. The Bangalorebased startup also said it plans to be present in another 10-15 cities this year.
"We see a very high growth potential from our tier-2 cities since they all lack a reliable transport option and the most known option is an auto rickshaw," said Pranay Jivrajka, vice-president of operations at Olacabs. The company , which is growing at a pace of 30% every month, will start with about 40-70 cars in each city.
With the launch of Uber over a year ago, the competition in the taxi aggregation space is suddenly heating up. To keep up and beat the Google Venture-backed Uber, Indian startups are doing everything from revamping their mobile applications and giving steep discounts to launching more cities at a faster pace to maintain market share.
Radio taxi operator Meru Cabs has revamped its mobile app and is aggressively expanding its fleet and categories to keep up with demand. Rival Bangalorebased TaxiForSure, which recently raised around $30 million (. `180 crore) in fresh capital from Accel Partners, Bessemer Venture Partners and Helion Venture Partners , said it will too expand to 20 cities this year compared with the initial plan of 15 cities.
TaxiForSure will launch in Nasik, Aurangabad, Mumbai and Nagpur by end of October.
"In order to maintain future growth, they (taxi aggregators) need to expand their footprints and enter into new markets," said said Jaspal Singh, co-founder of Valoriser Consultants, which provides market research services for transportation companies. "This will also help to build pan-India presence, which is important to bear loss in some market by making money in other territory." Ola will be launching all four cities with its flagship Sedan range priced at 14-16 per kilometre.
In Visakhapatnam and Surat, the operator will also launch its lower-priced mini service starting at 12 per kilometre Earlier this week, Ola launched its in-app wallet, which allows commuters to top up their Ola Money accounts using net banking, credit or debit cards. "About half of our customers use Ola every day and the wallet makes the whole ordeal cashless and very convenient," said Harsha Kumar, head of product in Ola.

Rajnath Singh asks to revamp CRPF to fight naxalsHome Minister Rajnath Singh asks to revamp CRPF to fight naxals
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Oct 1, 2014, 10.40AM IST
Tags:
7th Pay Commission
(“The Home Minister wants…)
NEW DELHI: Home Minister Rajnath Singh has asked for a revamp of the lead force against the Naxals, the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF). A committee consisting of two former CRPF chiefs is now being set up to give their suggestions on creating a "newly-packaged CRPF", ET has learnt.
The committee consisting of former CRPF Director Generals K Vijay Kumar and his predecessor AS Gill will take a comprehensive look at the structure of the CRPF in light of its duties in the left-wing extremism states and a long-pending "reorganization plan" of the force, a senior CRPF official said.
"The Home Minister wants CRPF to achieve a state of specialization as the principal counter insurgency force," a top Home Ministry official said. The committee is expected to go into all issues - the Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) to work in Naxal areas, the transfer policy in the force, the kind of weapons used by the force and ideal requirements, including kind of vehicles required by the force in Naxal areas.
The Home Ministry is said to be of the opinion that the force needs more AK-47 rifles rather than the INSAS Rifles in Naxal-affected areas and motorcycles need to be bought in large numbers -- nearly 20 bikes for each company of 125 men - for better operational mobility of the forces as well as their safety from the weapon of choice of the Naxalites , that is landmines.
"The committee being set up will also have a re-look at the training plan for the CRPF forces," the official said.
A ministry official said the role of the CRPF had become too multifarious for its own good and it must be ensured that the force concentrates solely on counter-insurgency duties. In a memorandum to the 7th Pay Commission , the CRPF had said that over the years, the range of duties, nature of deployment and operational requirements of the force have expanded phenomenally.
"Consequently, the CRPF has been overworked and over stretched, and often utilized in ad hoc manner, also putting it under pressure to maintain combat worthiness, performance, training preparedness and organizational cohesiveness. Prolonged deployment in sensitive areas and resultant stress is affecting psychological preparedness of its personnel," the CRPF said.
The central force, in the memorandum to the 7th Pay Commission, also complained of "uncertain and scattered deployment", inadequate compensation benefits for hardship and risks resulting in an "unattractive service environment" and "poor career progression resulting in staggering morale".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Zomato is startup of the yr  has presence in 16 countriesAfrica
(The company has 240,000…)
When Zomato CEO Deepinder Goyal heard the news that his firm was ET Startup of The Year 2014, the 31-year-old left his meal unfinished to call his colleagues and share the news with them. It is this kind of camaraderie that has made the company, which was set up in 2008 by Goyal and Pankaj Chaddah , 29, grow from an office cubicle to having a presence in 16 countries globally.
"We are elated with this news. Since the time I entered IIT Delhi, I always wanted to start something of my own," said Goyal. Zomato employs about 800 people now, of which almost half are based India. "Our goal now is to build a billion dollar company out of India which can rival large players such as Yelp by entering the US, the largest dining market in the world," he added. The startup is aiming to earn revenue of about Rs 100 crore this year and has turned profitable in India.
As colleagues at Gurgaon-based Bain Consulting, Goyal and Chaddah used to collect food menus of restaurants nearby that they would pin to their soft boards. When they saw how often their colleagues used to leaf through the bundle, the two had their big idea.
For about 18 months, the two worked on weekends on their website that soon listed 1,200 restaurants in New Delhi. Enthused by the results, they hired Gunjan Patidar, their junior from IIT Delhi, to run the show till they quit Bain Consulting to join fulltime in 2009.
Goyal did not disclose that he had set up Zomato to his academician parents till six months after quitting his job for fear of a rebuke. However, the secret was unearthed when they visited Delhi from their hometown in Punjab. There was no looking back however for the duo, despite parental advice to go back to doing a 'real' job. "They feel very proud now," said Goyal.
Delhi-based Info Edge invested $1 million in the venture, which was rebranded from Foodiebay to Zomato to focus on other segments besides food. With the seed money, Zomato expanded to Bangalore, Pune, Kolkata and Mumbai.
Zomato also set up an events listing and ticketing portal that was shut in 2012. "The learning from the failure was that it is extremely important to stay focused on the core product and not spread ourselves thin," said Goyal. The company's headquarters is based in a plush Gurgaon building completely renovated by employees themselves. The Zomato building has eating nooks and a mini kitchen for cooking eggs, noodles and toast on each of its floors.
The turning point for Zomato came in 2012 when it ventured outside India. "While we were slightly nervous, our success in the UAE set the tone for our global expansion," Goyal said. Zomato now also operates in the UK, the UAE, South Africa , New Zealand, the Philippines, Brazil, Turkey, Indonesia, Sri Lanka and Qatar .
The company has 240,000 restaurant listings ranging from street food outlets and small cafes to plush restaurants at five-star hotels. Revenue till now originated mostly from paid listings and banner ads.
However, the company is revamping its model from this year to start monetising table bookings. It is also looking at getting into cash-less payment at restaurants. "We are moving to the uber kind of one-touch payment model where money will be automatically deducted from your credit card after you leave the restaurant," said Goyal. For table bookings, the company has already tied up with two of the largest companies in London — TopTable and LiveBookings. Zomato passes on reservation leads to them and earns a commission in return.
The company has raised a total funding of $53.5 million over five rounds in six years of operations. Any advice based on the six-year startup journey experience? "Focus, persistence, and effort go a long way. A good idea needs an even better execution team," said Goyal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Yusuf Hamied  who made medicines affordable  gets Lifetime Achievement trophyLifetime Achievement: Yusuf Hamied , Chairman, Cipla
(The award seeks to salute those who have conquered the peaks of corporate achievements and set examples for the current generation of India Inc leaders)
Until Yusuf K Hamied retired as managing director of Cipla in February last year after spending 52 years in building the company, one of India's top drug makers, he continued to do what he did best: busting the patents of multinational drug companies and, in the process, making essential medicines affordable. At 78, he remains the company's chairman while a professional set of managers handles its operations.
Hamied came to the global limelight in 2001 when he reduced the prices of HIV drugs to a fraction of those charged by Western manufacturers. He did something similar in 2012 much to the shock of the industry, when Cipla slashed the prices of key cancer drugs by as much as 75%. Multinational drug companies call Hamied a thief for making and selling copies of their drugs, but for millions of patients in developing countries he has been their Robin Hood.
"I am surprised...and getting this award from Economic Times is a great thing. I feel humbled, honoured; I accept the award with all humility. I must say that this has come as a surprise," he told ET on Tuesday.
It is still too early to predict whether the prices of cancer drugs will come crashing down, but Hamied has set the ball rolling. In the fight against AIDS, Hamied's efforts in bringing down drug prices have sealed him a place among top anti-HIV health activists.
In early 2001, when Hamied decided to offer the treatment for HIV at $350 per year (about Rs 21,650), or less than a dollar a day, he had said that HIV could become a much bigger calamity than a massive earthquake that had just killed thousands in Gujarat. The difference, he had said, was that HIV was a foreseeable calamity and there was a chance to do something about it. Cipla's offer forced multinational companies to massively cut their own prices of antiretroviral drugs, from more than $10,000 (about Rs 62,000 at current rates).
"The initial reaction was disbelief," he recalled in a conversation with ET a few years ago. "Could an Indian company actually make these drugs? American reporters have told me that it's hard to overestimate the benefit this offer has had for India's image."
Most histories of the AIDS crisis consider Hamied's offer a turning point in the battle to provide affordable antiretroviral treatment. While multinational firms agreed to lower prices, governments reluctant to provide the drugs were no longer able to hide behind the defence of high costs. Yet, Hamied appears to have been lauded abroad more than in India — though some amends were made when he was awarded the Padma Bhushan in 2005.
While he has always been a catalyst for a humanitarian cause, he has also been a hard-nosed businessman who has kept Cipla in the top ranks of India's pharmaceutical business. "Yes we are cutting down the prices, we are being humanitarian, but at the same time we are not doing any charity," he had told ET in 2012 when he had cut the prices of the cancer drugs. The one-time poster boy of an anti-MNC wave has been busy doing his own globalising, with a large team in Cipla now busy registering its drugs for sale in 105 countries, from Algeria to Zimbabwe.
FEATURED ARTICLES

TCS  company of the year  miles ahead of peers(Over the past year TCS has…)
Company of the Year: TCS
(The award seeks to recognise a company that has consistently set clear performance benchmarks for the rest of the industry and strived to be a world leader)
Tata Consultancy Services is worth more than its three closest rivals put together — Infosys, Wipro and HCL Technologies. The first company to surpass valuation of Rs 5 lakh crore on the domestic bourses, earlier this year, has been the leader of the Indian information technology industry by a long mile. But over the past year it has also staked its claim to the upper reaches of the global IT sector as it has entered the rarified club of top 10 IT companies in the world.
TCS has overtaken Accenture in headcount and is now second only to International Business Machines in the number of people it employs. It has the lowest attrition rate among the top IT companies and of the 300,000 people on its rolls, a third are women.
Although Accenture's annual revenues were more than double those of TCS' $13.4 billion in the past financial year, the Indian company has posted larger profits over the past two quarters. Moreover, analysts expect it to buck the trend in the IT industry of slower growth in a company as its size increases.
The National Association for Software and Services Companies or Nasscom expects the Indian IT industry to grow 13%-15% in the current financial year. N Chandrasekaran , CEO of TCS has confidently declared that his company will surpass that target.
"Talk to any incumbent Western service provider today, and the one making them all tremble from the subcontinent is TCS," analyst firm HfS said of the company.
Chandrasekaran, who was recently reappointed for a second five-year term at the Mumbai-based IT behemoth, is steering towards more broad-based growth and making the company less dependent on the US financial services industry. He spearheaded an acquisition in Japan that will boost the company's revenue from that large and largely untapped IT market by five times.
Newer technologies like cloud, mobility, social media and analytics are expected to contribute $5 billion to the company's revenues in the next three to five years.
TCS has also overcome a major weakness — lower profitability. For years, Infosys had the best margins in the industry at about 30% in 2008-09. But since then TCS has boosted its offshore utilisation, kept down employee costs and sales expenses, to post the best margins in the industry. TCS had an operating margin of 29.1% in 2013-14 while Infosys achieved 24%.
TCS is well on its way to becoming a true Indian multinational. It operates in 44 countries and is a considered good corporate citizen in all of them. In its largest market, the US, it has taken steps to improve science and technology education and is the title sponsor for the New York Marathon.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sun Pharma s Dilip Shanghvi is Business Leader of the year(The low-key, but persistent,…)
Business Leader of the year: Dilip Shanghvi, Managing Director, Sun Pharma
(The award seeks to honour a leader who has clearly demonstrated a strategic direction for success, and pursued a vision)
A quarter of a century ago, while courting the girl who would later become his wife, Dilip Shanghvi told her that if all went well his company would hit a turnover of Rs 1 crore. He was trying to impress Vibha at the time, Shanghvi says jokingly now.
Shanghvi, who turns 59 on October 1, was listed by Bloomberg as the world's richest pharma billionaire with a net worth of $17.2 billion this August. The low-key, but persistent, managing director of Sun Pharmaceutical Industries is a self-made billionaire who in the last decade has changed the face of Indian pharma. His knack for picking up distressed assets and turning them around inspires both awe and envy among competitors. But even that reputation hadn't prepared the market for the April announcement of Sun taking over Ranbaxy Laboratories for $3.2 billion. The acquisition, for which approvals are being sought, will create a company with combined sales of Rs 24,000 crore. The deal has also given rise to another buzz and hope in pharma circles, that Sun could one day dislodge Israel's Teva Pharmaceutical Industries as the world's biggest generic drug maker. With Shanghvi at the helm, it all seems possible.
"I thank The Economic Times and jury members for this honour," Shanghvi said, when told about his selection for the ET Business Leader award. "It's a humbling moment. I dedicate this award to my 14,000 employees whose commitment and performance is reflected in Sun Pharma's success." He was The Economic Times' Entrepreneur of the Year in 2008. Shanghvi built his enterprise from scratch, starting in the early 1980s. Today, Sun is among the fastest-growing generic companies in the US market and the most profitable in India. It took 28 years for Sun to reach the $1 billion revenue mark, in 2010, but a mere two more years to touch $2 billion and another two to double it further to $4 billion in 2014. It is now the fifth-largest generic drug maker in the world. Ravi Dhariwal, CEO, BCCL, said, "Shanghvi has built a lot of capital, reinvented his company and built power on his own."
In India, with the acquisition of Ranbaxy, Sun Pharma will control Rs 6,000 crore of a total Rs 75,000-crore pharma market. In the entire therapy segment, the combined entity of Sun and Ranbaxy will be the leader.
From being yet another promising, albeit low-profile, Indian generic company a decade ago to the torchbearer of the home-grown pharma industry, Sun has come a long way in a short time.
The reason for this is Shanghvi's hands-on management style, which is conservative and bottom-line-focused, yet has delivered high growth. Shanghvi has also initiated steps to steer Sun towards innovation aimed at rediscovering old molecules and creating highly specialised branded generics. The coming years will determine whether Sun has the ability to handle the complex integration exercise that is coming up, assuming that all regulatory clearances are forthcoming for the Ranbaxy deal. If that process is successful, it won't be too hard to imagine Sun-Ranbaxy getting to the No. 1 spot in generics globally.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gautam Adani s Adani Ports & SEZ is Emerging Company of the YearAdani Ports
(While government port expansion…)
Adani Ports & Special Economic Zone is the biggest success story in the Indian port industry. In an industry largely run by big government ports that offer services at absurdly low prices, Adani Ports has been successful in chipping away at market share , and now has 16 per cent of it. The reason? In the post-liberalisation era, when Indian trade was picking up, the government-run ports on the west coast were struggling with low capacity, high employee cost and poor connectivity to the heartland. Ships had to wait for hours, if not days, to offload and pick up cargo.
Gautam Adani's Mundra Port in Gujarat in contrast offered berths to ships on arrival, had massive storage space and great inland connectivity to the north-west consumer belt of India. Even though prices were high, consumers didn't complain.
Today, while government port expansion is taking time to take off, 20-year-old Adani Ports has carved a niche for itself, and a loyal customer base. The company's revenue for the last financial year was Rs 5,508 crore, up 43 per cent from a year earlier.
When pitted against its peers, APSEZ's performance looks pretty impressive. Against a CAGR of 23 per cent of Gujarat Pipavav Port and a negative growth of Essar Ports, APSEZ has grown at a CAGR of 31 per cent in the past five years. APSEZ has consistently generated return on equity of over 20 per cent since the time of its listing. By contrast, its competitors such as Essar Ports and Gujarat Pipavav Port are struggling to generate returns of over 13 per cent.
Adani Ports is also growing rapidly outside Mundra. Apart from Hazira and Dahej in Gujarat, other ports terminals in Goa, Kandla, Visakhapatnam, Ennore and Tuna Tekra will start making bigger contributions to profits. Adani Ports also recently gobbled up Dhamra Ports in Odisha for Rs 5,500 crore, and is on the prowl for more acquisitions in the south-east coast.
Another factor that will add to its coffers and cargo volume is its 8,481 hectares SEZ. The intention is to attract export-oriented industries to produce near the port, giving the company a constant source of cargo. Adani Ports was earlier expecting to achieve 200 million tonnes (MT) of cargo by 2020. It now expects to achieve 200 MT by 2017.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Here s what will drive Apple iPhone 6 to more salesYou are here: Home > Collections > Apple
Here's why Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus may win the race with premium smartphones
Gulveen Aulakh, ET Bureau Oct 1, 2014, 10.22AM IST
Tags:
Apple
(Apple iPhone's larger,…)
NEW DELHI: Apple's new devices — iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus — are expected to corner a chunk of the premium market when they are introduced in India on the back of pent up aspirational demand.
The Cupertino-based company's new gadgets could beat back competition from upcoming launches by leading brands such as Samsung, Sony and BlackBerry in this low-volume, high-value category of smartphones, say analysts.
The brand's iconic status — besides features such as a larger, crisper screen, faster processor, better camera and onboard storage of as much as 128 GB — will continue to draw consumers, analysts add.
"Success of upcoming flagship devices such as iPhone 6 series, BlackBerry and Xperia Z3 will be quite polarised towards iPhones as the rich urban consumer will look to get her hands on the most aspirational brand in the market right now, which is Apple," said Tarun Pathak , a senior research analyst at Hong Kong-based Counterpoint Research.
Of the two, the iPhone 6 Plus with a 5.5-inch display could fare better, given the demand for handsets with larger screen sizes, analysts said.
While there is uncertainty over whether Apple will start selling the new iPhones in India before or after Diwali, Samsung is set to launch its Note 4 phablet before the festival of lights. Although the India prices for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus have not been officially disclosed, they are available in Delhi's grey market for between Rs 1,00,000 and Rs 2,00,000, three to four times the expected price, and an indication of the huge interest in the products.
The unlocked, 128 GB iPhone 6 Plus costs $949 (about Rs 58,600) in the US, according to Apple's website.
However, launch delays and supply issues given the huge global demand and "exorbitant pricing" could affect demand for the new iPhones for at least the next two or three months, Pathak cautioned, indicating that if Apple missed the upcoming festival season, competitors such as Samsung and Sony could steal a march over it in the near term. Apple sold over 10 million iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models in the three days after the launch on September 19.
Sony started sales of flagship products Xperia Z3 and Xperia Z3 Compact last week at Rs 51,990 and Rs 44,990, respectively, while Black-Berry launched its Passport smartphone on Monday for Rs 49,990. Samsung introduced the Galaxy ALPHA smartphone for Rs 39,990 last week.
The new and upcoming launches, which showcase technological advancements and innovations, could provide a fillip to growth in the premium segment of smartphones, which start at Rs 35,000. Sony has improved its display, hardware and design over the Z2, while Samsung brought a steel-bodied phone for the first time in the Galaxy Alpha. BlackBerry's Passport offers a unique square display, which allows greater reading space, apart from an innovative touch-enabled keyboard that combines a physical keypad with virtual keypad functions.
According to Counterpoint Research, the market share of smartphones above Rs 35,000 was limited to 2.5% in the first quarter till March and fell to 2.3% by June. The decline was mainly blamed on the lack of innovation, which wasn't appealing enough for consumers to replace their already expensive handsets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tata Starbucks sees potential in over 50 small Indian cities: Avani Davda  CEOAvani Davda
("Starbucks has opened 58…)
HYDERABAD: Encouraged by the response to Starbucks stores in major Indian cities, the world's largest coffee chain is now setting its sights on tier-2 and tier-3 cities, a top company executive said.
The move comes after Tata Starbucks, the equal joint venture between Tata Global Beverages and Seattle-based Starbucks Coffee Company reportedly decided to open outlets that are half the average size of existing ones for faster expansion in India.
Stating that Tata Starbucks was "growing aggressively" in India, chief executive officer Avani Davda said it has identified more than 50 tier-2 and tier-3 Indian cities "that have right kind of infrastructure."
Davda said the company is open to trying out different formats that Starbucks has introduced globally, including smaller Express stores and drive-through outlets, which account for more than 40% of the US companyoperated stores with higher average sales. "We will try and see which is right for each market," she told ET after opening the first Starbucks store in Hyderabad, in the Jubilee Hills area, on Tuesday.
The coffee chain has opened 58 stores across Mumbai, Delhi NCR, Pune, Bangalore, Chennai and Hyderabad in 23 months and "will continue to grow," she said.
Since starting its first India outlet in October 2012, Starbucks has opened stores at an average of one every two weeks, making India its fastest-expanding market. However, Davda said, "We are not in a hurry to expand or in a hurry to say we are going to have X number of stores in this country."
Refusing to divulge details about the joint venture's financial performance, she said, "We are on track and the board is "extremely happy and satisfied with our (financial) performance so far."
According to her, Indian cities in the south, west and north offer great growth potential for Tata Starbucks. "We would like to penetrate them in the right way and we are not going to shy away from opening up the satellite markets as well," she said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

To take on China  ITBP may get dedicated air supportTo take on China, ITBP may get dedicated air support
By Deeptiman Tiwary, TNN | 1 Oct, 2014, 11.41AM IST
ITBP has several border outposts in Ladakh and Arunachal Pradesh which can be maintained only through air support.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: In the backdrop of the recent face off between Indian and Chinese forces in Ladakh and the superior preparedness of the latter, home ministry is pushing for dedicated air support to be given to Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP). The force at the moment is dependent on Indian Air Force (IAF) for air maintenance (delivery of supplies) of its remote border outposts. The push for fresh acquisitions also includes 500 odd vehicles that the force is short of.
A tender for hiring of two choppers, with specifications closer to an MI17, from private players is already in the works for maintaining outposts temporarily. A further three choppers, as required by the force, may be acquired in the long run, said home ministry sources.
ITBP has several border outposts in Ladakh and Arunachal Pradesh which can be maintained only through air support. In Arunachal Pradesh, where roads are virtually absent, it can take several days of walking to reach outposts and weeks to comprehensively patrol borders. Choppers at exclusive disposal of ITBP can help the force a great deal in not just rescue of the ill and the injured and delivery of supplies but even surveillance of the border.
Just before the Chumar standoff began, minister of state for home Kiren Rijiju had visited border areas in Ladakh. "The minister has taken the matter of air support and lack of vehicles seriously and is pushing for them with personal interest. The file has already been moved to concerned departments," said an official from the minister's office.
The tender in the works wants choppers with flying capacity at 18,000 feet and load carrying capacity of at least one tonne. A battalion at remote border region requires anywhere between 40-50 tonnes of ration and other essentials to be dropped by air in a year.
These choppers at the command of ITBP, said sources, could also be used for border surveillance cutting down patrolling time. "Such sorties, however, would be information based. If we have indication of an incursion, a chopper can be rushed to quickly check on it," said a home ministry official.
Sources said requisition of IAF choppers for maintenance of outposts had proved to be a cumbersome exercise with the arrangement often failing to meet the needs of the force. In the current system, a periodic assessment of requirements is made by ITBP and sent to IAF which allocates a fixed numbers of sorties in a particular period for the purpose. However, due to various reasons, which include inclement weather, emergency recall of choppers or VIP movement, IAF is usually unable to fulfill its commitment, home ministry sources said.
During the Chumar standoff recently, both China and India were maintaining their positions at the eight remote border locations in Ladakh through heavy air support.

Amit Shah hints at Abhimanyu to be face of Haryana CMYou are here: Home > Collections
Amit Shah virtually declares Captain Abhimanyu Haryana's CM face
Raghav Ohri, ET Bureau Oct 1, 2014, 08.32AM IST
Tags:
Amit Shah
(The people want a CM who is…)
Hisar: Short of declaring him the CM candidate, BJP President Amit Shah on Tuesday left little to the imagination when he pitched for Captain Abhimanyu while campaigning for the upcoming polls in Haryana.
The people want a CM who is "young, educated, efficient, patriotic and can directly speak with the PM to bring a spate of relief projects," Shah said in Narnaund, where Abhimanyu is BJP's candidate.
Taking a dig at the CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda, Shah said the injustice done to the people of Haryana has led the BJP to send Captain Abhimanyu from Delhi to the state. Captain Abhimanyu has been a national spokesman for the BJP.
Shah said that although the party asked Captain Abhimanyu to contest from a "safe" seat, he insisted on contesting from Narnaund, perceived as a citadel of the Indian National Lok Dal. Shah said it is the "duty" of the people of Narnaund to ensure Abhimanyu's victory.
Calling Abhimanyu as his "param mitra" (close friend), Shah said the party has high hopes from the "young Captain." Attacking the Congress and Om Prakash Chautala-led INLD, Shah said it is high time to teach the two parties a lesson for their "misrule" over the past 15 years.
On Chautala, Shah said the people of the state don't want a chief minister who is lodged behind bars.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maha polls: With all alliances coming apart  no safe seat even for top leadersAjit Pawar
(Close contest are forcing…)
Mumbai: The top five leaders of the state are facing some unexpected challenges on their home turf. With all alliances coming apart, former CM Prithviraj Chavan and his party colleague Narayan Rane, NCP's RR Patil and Ajit Pawar and BJP state chief Devender Fadnavis are finding the going tough in their own seats.
Apart from campaigning all over the state for their parties and projecting themselves for the top job in the state, these leaders have been forced to concentrate on their own assembly constituencies to ensure that they don't slip themselves.
Two other big leaders, Sena's Uddhav Thackeray and MNS' Raj Thackeray have decided not to contest. The Congress is contesting all 288 seats in the state and its going into the campaign with Prithviraj Chavan's as its Chief Ministerial candidate.
Chavan had convinced the central leadership that the party has to project just one face for CM's post and has been successful in occupying that slot. But Chavan faces an uphill task of winning in his Karad South constituency in western Maharashtra.
The constituency will see a tough contest between Chavan and two Congress rebels Vilaskaka Undalkar & Atul Bhosle this time. Undalkar won this assembly seat seven times earlier. After the split with Congress, the NCP is now going hammer and tongs against Prithviraj Chavan.
They have taken Undalkar on board. Undalkar's associate Jagannath Mohite revealed that he would now be NCP's candidate. Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has fielded Atul Bhosale, yet another Congress rebel who is a Maratha. While the Sena has fielded Ajinkya Patil, son of DY Patil.
NCP's prominent face in the state and former Home Minster of Maharashtra RR Patil faces a very tough challenge in his constituency Tasgaon in Sangali district because this Congress bastion voted for BJP for the first time since India's independence in the recent Lok Sabha polls.
Patil won the last election in 2009 with the help of Sanjay Kaka Patil and got a huge margin of over 65,000 votes. But later Kaka parted ways and fought Lok Sabha on a BJP ticket. Kaka won the seat and now has openly challenged Patil over this contest.
The toughest challenge for Patil will come from Ajit Ghorpade. Leaders from Sangli, like Vilasrao Jagtap from Jath, Prithviraj Deshmukh from Kadegaon and Dinkar Patil used to back Patil but are no longer supporting him.
In Konkan's Kudal constituency, Congress' campaign chief and former industries minister Narayan Rane is likely to be on a sticky wicket because of two challengers, Shiv Sena's Vaibhav Naik who is the district chief of the party and NCP's Pushpasen Sawant.
Rane's son Nilesh recently lost the Lok Sabha election in this district and he trailed by 22,000 votes in this assembly segment. Rane faces a lot of resentment in the region because of people's opposition to Jaitapur Nuclear Power plant and land acquisition related to this project and other power projects in the area.
People think that Rane was not there to support them while their land was being acquired. The Sena is going all out against Rane and has even taken his rival Deepk Kesarkar on board to counter Rane.
In Nagpur, BJP's state president Devendra Fadnavis is being projected as one of the Chief Ministerial candidates of the BJP. But now with the split in the saffron alliance, Devendra is likely to face some competition from Congress party's Praful Gudadhe Patil in the South-West Nagpur constituency.
This constituency has seen over 75,000 new voters since Lok Sabha polls and the BJP feels that the youth will vote in its favour. However, with Sena fielding a candidate BJP could face some challenge.
BJP's target was to enrol 20,000 new voters after names of several voters were found missing in voter rolls. Fadnavis sounds confident of victory but the Congress camp claims that since he took over as state president, he has not been in day-to-day touch with the constituency.
Maharashtra's former deputy chief minister and NCP top man Ajit Pawar may look invincible on his home turf of Baramati but this time the BJP and its allies—who managed to cut down NCP leader Supriya Sule's winning margin sizably in the Lok Sabha polls—are mobilising forces against Pawar.
Ajit was the first to openly say that he felt that all parties should fight separately in Maharashtra. A divided opposition may result in Ajit benefiting but he certainly cannot take a large winning margin for granted anymore because of challenges posed jointly by leaders like Raju Shetty a n d Mahadev Jankar in alliance with the BJP.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chandra Shekhar is Entrepreneur of the Year for building Bandhan from scratchAditya Birla
(What makes Bandhan markedly…)
The Reserve Bank of India's decision to award Kolkatabased Bandhan Financial Services a banking licence along with IDFC surprised many people since better known companies such as Aditya Birla Nuvo, Bajaj Finserv and Reliance Capital missed the bus.
It is a measure of the microfinance lender's efforts that it financed the dreams of a slice of the country's 25 crore unbanked households while banks have failed to reach 42 per cent of them even after 45 years of bank nationalisation. Bandhan has created a pool of Rs 58 lakh poor borrowers since Chandra Shekhar Ghosh founded the company in 2001 and turned it into the country's largest micro lender with outstanding loans of Rs 6,446 crore.
What makes Bandhan markedly different from its rivals is its ability to run a low-cost operation and provide loans at the most competitive rate in the microfinance space.
At present it lends at 22.4 per cent a year on reducing balance and the transition into a bank will allow it to reduce its lending rate.
"Bandhan has worked as a change agent for the rural poor," says Ghosh. "To serve people is a major challenge and our employees have lived up to the challenge selflessly and helped Bandhan to rise to this level."
With just Rs 2 lakh in pocket, Ghosh set up the microfinance institution, which acquired the non-banking finance company licence in 2006.
The ET jury has recognised Ghosh's organisation from scratch, that too in a difficult business.
RBI's stamp of approval in granting the company a banking licence after rigorous due diligence also weighed heavily in his favour.
As a bank, Bandhan will have access to low-cost savings deposits which will help it reduce lending rates in the future. With its conversion into a bank, 30 lakh of its existing borrowers who don't have bank accounts till now will come into banking fold automatically.
Ghosh received a major boost in 2011 when International Finance Corporation picked up 10.9 per cent in Bandhan for Rs 135 crore, reinstating faith in India's embattled microfinance sector.
The company's net worth stands at Rs 1,100 crore, more than double the RBI's prescription of Rs 500 crore for acquiring a bank licence.
Of this, pure equity is Rs 96 crore, with capital adequacy ratio at a comfortable 21 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Home Min seeks IB s view on NIA s request for filing case against ISISAl-Qaeda
(It has been nearly three…)
NEW DELHI: The home ministry has sought the Intelligence Bureau's "view" on whether the National Investigation Agency (NIA) should be allowed register cases against ISIS and Al-Qaeda for their alleged attempts to recruit Indian Muslims for terror acts.
It has been nearly three weeks since NIA wrote to the ministry, seeking its permission to register an "open" case against ISIS and Al-Qaeda. NIA's move followed emergence of a video in which Al-Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri announced the creation of an Indian branch of his militant group. Earlier, there were reports of some youths from Maharashtra going to Iraq and Syria to join the ISIS.
The NIA has told the home ministry that this is a fit matter for a case to be registered against ISIS and Al-Qaeda. "We have now asked for IB's view on the same.
The ministry wishes to ascertain if there is any need for lodging this FIR and what purpose will be served by it," a home ministry official said. Another official said a call may well be taken on the issue upon the return of National Security Advisor (NSA) Ajit Doval from the US on Wednesday night. "We feel the case is required," a senior NIA official said.
In a recent media interaction, Home Minister Rajnath Singh had made light of the ISIS attempts to recruit Indian youth for terror acts.
"There is no progress in ISIS recruitment in the country. All Muslim organisations have condemned the outfit and its ways in India," Singh had said on September 12, adding that there was no information of any Indian youth joining the ISIS.
In a recent interview, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had played down the Al-Qaeda threat. "If anyone thinks Indian Muslims will dance to their tune, they are delusional. Indian Muslims will live for India, they will die for India — they will not want anything bad for India," Modi had said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top 10 stocks that can return upto 100%You are here: Home > Collections
Forget Sensex, top 10 stocks which can give up to 100% return in next 12 months
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 1, 2014, 03.18PM IST
Tags:
advertising
(Even though short-term…)
NEW DELHI: After a smart rally seen so far in the year 2014 (up 25% YTD), the weakness in the benchmark index can be best described as consolidation. But analysts still want to remain cautious and are not ruling out a scenario in which the markets may see some more profit booking in the next couple of weeks.
The S&P BSE Sensex has plunged nearly 600 points, while the Nifty too faced some bit of selling pressure and plunged nearly 200 points in the past 6 trading sessions.
Even though the short-term trend remains bearish, analysts advise investors with a long-term view to accumulate quality stocks at lower levels as the markets still have more upside in the next couple of years.
"Clearly, we have been maintaining our cautious stance for some time now. The macro and micro conditions have not really changed as far as the Indian domestic scene is concerned. The result season will soon start," said Mayuresh Joshi, VP, Institution, Angel Broking.
The corporate earnings are expected to remain subdued, say analysts. The data as we have been seeing through the RBI policy notes indicates that inflation is going to be sticky. The GDP, IIP data is going to have a long and slow recovery process, they say.
"So, overall domestically at least there are very few triggers even in terms of reform processes except the oil and gas reforms. If they come through in the coming month, nothing really seems to be coming through at least over the next few months," added Joshi.
From valuation perspective also, we are trading close to long-term averages. The only respite for India probably is that from an FII perspective, most emerging markets are fairly valued - Indonesia, Thailand, and Malaysia except China, Brazil and Russia, which have their own sweet problems.
Right now, the market is trading at almost about 15-16 per cent premium to its long-term average multiple. And, if we compare it with the number last year - market was trading at a 12% or 13% discount to its long-term average.
Joshi is of the view that apart from geopolitical tensions, domestic factors back home would keep the markets more or less in a range, but in the absence of triggers, the markets will find it very difficult to cross the 8200-8250 mark on the higher side. Therefore, the specifics would be rather a stock-related approach rather than playing on the markets at least from a short to medium-term perspective.
Both the Sensex and the Nifty slipped below their crucial psychological support levels last week and are now trading in a narrow range for the past couple of days. Analysts see this move as more of a consolidation or profit booking after a sharp rally (over 25% YTD) seen so far in the year 2014.
Even though the economy has bottomed out, it will take some time for all engines to fire. Investors should now look at markets with an investment horizon of 3-5 years.
"Investors need to look at this market from a long-term perspective. Do not look at it from a short-term perspective and certainly, do not be guided by the returns of the last 12 months," said Vetri Subramaniam, Chief Investment Officer, Religare Invesco Mutual Fund .
"So, our only recommendation to investors at this time is that rather than getting trapped into this thing about where the correction will come, continue to invest in the market in small instalments using SIPs," he added.
We have collated a list of ten stocks which can deliver up to 100% return in the next 12 months:
Radico Khaitan: Target price set at Rs 165
IndiaNivest, which has a 'buy' rating on the stock, expects the stock to rally to Rs 165 in the next 12 months. Radico Khaitan's Q1 2014-15 net profit was down by 26% compared to the corresponding period of last year. However, the management's premiumisation drive is yielding results and its core brands, such as Magic Moments and Morpheus, are reaching new highs.
The recent fall in prices has also brought down its valuations to reasonable levels. Radico Khaitan has reportedly been in talks with global liquor majors to sell a small stake of its IMFL business and, any announcement on that front, can be a major trigger for the stock.
SKF India: Target price set at Rs 1324
ICICI Direct initiates a 'buy' recommendation on the stock with a target price of Rs 1324. A healthy balance sheet, robust cash flow, strong parentage and product profile, strong distribution network and the recovery in the end-user industry should benefit SKF India .
India Cements Ltd: Target price set at Rs 165
Nirmal Bang retains a 'buy' rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 165. The company's plans to dissociate itself from Chennai Super Kings and turn it into a wholly-owned subsidiary in an attempt to monetise this asset to lower its debt burden bodes well.
Mangalam Cements Ltd: Target price set at Rs 337

Amid intense battle for management control  Mangalore Chemicals shuts down urea plantE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Stranded power units likely to get gas boosterYou are here: Home > Collections
Government mulling to offer package to kickstart 16,000 MW of gasfired power plants
Sarita Singh, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 03.18AM IST
Tags:
eGOM
(Official sources said the…)
NEW DELHI: The government plans to offer a rescue package to kickstart 16,000 MW of gasfired power plants that are idling after an investment of about Rs 64,000 crore by providing fuel and subsidy to make them financially viable. This will benefit Lanco Infratech, Essar Power, Reliance Power, GVK Group, GMR Energy and other companies that had set up plants on the basis of official projections of gas availability.
Official sources said the package includes a proposal that any additional gas produced in the next four years (above the current level of output) should be supplied to power stations. This should be pooled with imported liquefied natural gas. As LNG costs about $15 per unit, compared with the prevailing domestic gas rate of $4.2, the government plans to provide subsidy so that electricity is not too costly for distribution companies.
Officials said the subsidy would ensure gas-based electricity is sold at Rs 5.50 per unit, as per the package that has been prepared jointly by the oil and power ministries and will be sent to the Cabinet for approval. The coal cess, which is deposited in the National Clean Energy Fund (NCEF), will be used to subsidise the gas-fired power plants.
The subsidy would be provided only to plants located in states that agree to waive value added tax (VAT) and central sales tax (CST) on natural gas, officials said. The package also includes scrapping all taxes on domestic and imported natural gas consumed by power companies, and a cut in marketing margins and pipeline tariffs for gas transportation.
The power sector will be given priority in allocation of incremental gas from blocks awarded under the National Exploration Licensing Policy (NELP) till 2018-19. The planned measures will come as a relief to the power sector which has been under stress as the shortage of coal and natural gas has affected about 35,000 mw of capacity, mostly built by the private sector.
The sector faced another challenge when the Supreme Court cancelled the allocation of almost all coal mines to private companies, putting a question mark on fuel supply to planned or operating power stations with a combined capacity of more than 25,000 mw. The Association of Power Producers had estimated in June that gas-fired plants have a capacity of 24,149 mw, involving an investment of Rs 1.2 lakh crore and debt exposure of Rs 85,000 crore.
"Majority of these projects are on the verge of becoming non-performing assets (NPAs) due to non-availability of gas," the association wrote to the government in June. Last year, an Empowered Group of Ministers (EGoM) had decided that gas-based power plants be given preference till 2015-16 in allocating additional gas output from NELP blocks after meeting the 31.5 million metric standard cubic meters per day (mmscmd) requirement of fertiliser units.
"NELP gas available to the power sector is quite low. We plan to seek extension of the EGoM directive by another three years from 2015-16. We will also ask the Union Cabinet if some additional gas from non-NELP blocks can be earmarked for the power plants," a senior government official said. Data with the oil ministry shows availability of 4.53 mmscmd additional gas output next fiscal from NELP fields, 13.30 mmscmd in 2016-17, 18.19 mmscmd in 2017-18 and 28.74 mmscmd in 2018-19.
Total incremental gas output including non-NELP sources is estimated to be around 50 mmscmd. The domestic gas will be pooled with imported LNG and sold at an average price to power stations to help them run at 40% of capacity and recover fixed costs.
The official said the government is considering two options for pooling prices of domestic and international gas: Pooling prices for all the 24,149 mw gas-based power plants to reduce the burden on exchequer or pooling prices only for 16,107 mw stranded capacity to spare the operating plants from price rise.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Quartz Daily BriefAsia editionTurkeys ISIL problem  Rockets IPO  the ECB rescue  beer drinking street cleanersOctober 1, 2014
What to watch for today
Will Turkey join the fight against ISIL? The country’s parliament will vote on whether or not it’ll augment the firepower currently being supplied by the US and its allies. The Syrian town of Kobani—right on Turkey’s border—is about to be captured by ISIL fighters .
The ECB will save the day—maybe. The European Central Bank will hold its monthly meeting where it is expected to reveal new stimulus measures and potentially change interest rates. The euro hit a two-year low against the dollar on Wednesday, partly due to disappointing manufacturing data.
Hong Kongers bring the message home. Protestors say that if the territory’s chief executive doesn’t resign, they’ll pay a visit to his official residence . China Central Television is reporting that the Umbrella Revolution has cost the commercial areas being occupied roughly HK$40 billion (US$5.2 billion)  thus far.
Rocket Internet goes public. Despite being chided for acting as nothing more than a clone factory , the startup incubator is expected to raise upwards of €1.6 billion  when its shares start trading in Frankfurt for  €42.50 a pop .
Brazil’s presidential candidates have their last chance to shine. Dilma Rousseff and Marina Silva will have one more debate before elections on Oct. 5, though a run-off election on Oct. 26  will almost certainly be needed to decide the winner.
While you were sleeping
The US Secret Service got a new head. First there was the White House fence jumper . Then there was the armed ex-convict sharing an elevator with president Obama. The agency’s director, Julia Pierson, has resigned; she’ll be replaced by retired Secret Service agent  Joseph Clancy .
France put off paying its debts—again. France was supposed to reach the EU-mandated public debt level of 3% GDP back in 2013 , but it said it needed more time. The country repeated that same message today, saying it’ll take until 2017 to balance the books.
Airlines were told to fix their cockpits. The US Federal Aviation Administration told airlines to cough up $13.8 million  to replace the cockpit displays in 1,362 airplanes made by Boeing. The screens in question were made by Honeywell, and they could go blank due to Wi-Fi and cellular interference.
India and the US agreed to blast off into space together. NASA and its Indian equivalent, ISRO,  signed a pair of agreements  to launch an Earth-monitoring spacecraft by 2020. The two countries will also form a mission-planning team responsible for researching Mars.
Germany told Google to stop being so creepy. Hamburg’s data protection authorities told Google it must give its users more control over how their data (collected when they use services like search or email) are used to profile them for advertisers. The fine if Google doesn’t comply, however, is a piddling €1 million.
Quartz obsession interlude
Gwynn Guilford on why the US anti-vaccine movement is scarier than the Ebola virus. “The 592 cases [of measles] reported thus far in 2014 are a far cry from the measles incidence before the vaccination campaign started, in 1963. Back then, about 550,000 Americans came down with the virus each year; around 500 of those people died. But it’s still the highest number of cases since measles was ‘eliminated.’ … As a study last year of a 2010 California whooping cough outbreak found, more people declined to vaccine their children for ‘non-medical reasons’ than any year since 1947, when the vaccine was introduced.” Read more here .
Matters of debate
Vice broke US law with its ISIL documentary. Anti-terrorism legislation says Vice is promoting the Islamic State .
Mars is humankind’s insurance policy. Says Elon Musk, who promises  the first human colony will be up and running there by 2040.
Facebook feeds our addiction for justice. All those ridiculous articles being shared make us mad , and we love it.
In the end, nothing will happen in Hong Kong. The protestors will go home , China will regain control, and all will be back to normal.
Westerners don’t care about Africans dying of Ebola. But now that a man has it in the US, people start paying attention .
Surprising discoveries
The protests in Hong Kong are a US plot. Russia’s state media have a whole elaborate conspiracy theory about it  (paywall).
Those little blue pills could make you go blind. One in 50 men carry a gene that makes them susceptible to blindness if they take Viagra.
You need never, ever, feel lonely again. For ¥46,000 ($420), a Japanese firm will gladly sell you a chair that can administer hugs .
With the right incentives, anything is possible. The German city of Essen is offering homeless people free booze and cigarettes to clean up the streets.
CrossFit for kids is now a thing. Who wouldn’t want a three-year-old who can squat, clean, and press multiples of her body weight?
Click here for  more surprising discoveries  on Quartz.
Our best wishes for a productive day. Please send any news, comments, tickets to Mars, and Russian propaganda to hi@qz.com . You can follow us on Twitter here for updates throughout the day.
Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief  here , tailored for morning delivery in Asia, Europe & Africa, and the Americas.
Share this:

Modi visits Rajghat  pays tributes to GandhiModi visits Rajghat  pays tributes to Gandhi
Goldman invites Wall St to chat for $5mAugust 14, 2014 6:29 pm
Goldman invites Wall St to chat for $5m
By Tracy Alloway in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8b939d5c-2315-11e4-a424-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wall Street eyes chat start-up investment© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/47170128-1b1d-11e4-a633-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Asia bourses follow Wall Street lower© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fe8314f2-49e2-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pimcos straight talking CIO© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ab832b1e-4949-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Firm Says Phone App Spies on Hong Kong ProtestersAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

US Secret Service dir resigns over security ...US Secret Service director Julia Pierson resigns over security breaches
By AP | 2 Oct, 2014, 10.07AM IST
0
Share More
"Congress has lost confidence in my ability to run the agency," she said. "The media has made it clear that this is what they expected." 
ET SPECIAL:
WASHINGTON: Secret Service director Julia Pierson resigned on Wednesday in the face of multiple revelations of security breaches, bumbling in her agency and rapidly eroding confidence that the president and his family were being kept safe.
President Barack Obama "concluded new leadership of that agency was required," said spokesman Josh Earnest .
Though the day, high-ranking lawmakers from both parties had urged her to step down after her poorly received testimony to Congress a day earlier — and revelation of yet another security problem: Obama had shared an elevator in Atlanta last month with an armed guard who was not authorized to be around him.
That appeared to be the last straw that crumbled trust in her leadership in the White House. Earnest said Obama and his staff did not learn about that breach until just before it was made public in news reports on Tuesday.
"Today Julia Pierson, the director of the United States Secret Service , offered her resignation, and I accepted it," Homeland Security secretary Jeh Johnson said in a statement. He announced that Joseph Clancy, retired head of the agency's Presidential Protective Division, would come out of retirement to lead the Secret Service temporarily.
Taking further steps to restore trust in the beleaguered agency, Johnson also outlined an independent inquiry into the agency's operations.
That trust was shaken by a series of failures in the agency's critical job of protecting the president, including a breach September 19, when a knife-carrying man climbed over the White House fence on Pennsylvania Avenue and made it deep into the executive mansion before being stopped.
Republicans quickly served notice that Pierson's resignation would not end their investigation of the Secret Service.
"The Oversight Committee will continue to examine clear and serious agency failures at the Secret Service that have been exposed," said the panel's chairman, Rep. Darrell Issa, R-Calif. "Problems at the Secret Service pre-date Ms. Pierson's tenure as director, and her resignation certainly does not resolve them."
Pierson's permanent replacement will probably face a grueling confirmation process before Congress.
In an interview with Bloomberg after her resignation was announced, Pierson said, "It's painful to leave as the agency is reeling from a significant security breach."
"Congress has lost confidence in my ability to run the agency," she said. "The media has made it clear that this is what they expected."
She said she met Johnson on Wednesday and "after that discussion I felt this was the noble thing to do." She added that her departure would "take pressure off the organization."
After a congressional hearing Tuesday into the Sept. 19 breach and an earlier one, reports emerged of still another. Earlier in September, Obama had shared an elevator in Atlanta with a private guard who was not authorized to be around him with a gun. That was the first known Secret Service failure to unfold in the presence of the president. The first family was not at the White House when the recent intruder entered.
The White House learned about the Atlanta episode only about when lawmakers and the public did — when the Washington Examiner and The Washington Post reported it, Earnest said.
Obama had not been told about it previously, Earnest said. This, despite Pierson's statement to the committee that she briefs the president "100 percent of the time" about threats to his personal security and those at the White House. She said the only time she had briefed him this year was after the September 19 White House intrusion.
The man accused of running into the White House on Sept. 19, Omar J. Gonzalez, pleaded not guilty Wednesday in a brief appearance in federal court. He is accused of unlawfully entering a restricted building while carrying a deadly weapon, which is a federal charge, and two violations of District of Columbia law — carrying a dangerous weapon outside a home or business and unlawful possession of ammunition.
Wearing a standard prison-issue orange jump suit, Gonzalez sat attentively at the defense table but did not address the court as his lawyer entered the plea.
As for Pierson, support for the Secret Service director unraveled quickly after her defensive testimony Tuesday, which left key questions unanswered.
Senator Chuck Schumer, the No. 3 Senate Democrat, and Sen. Lindsey Graham, a Republican, were both to issue public calls for her resignation on Wednesday afternoon, their offices said. And Rep. Jason Chaffetz, a senior Republican on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, said Pierson should either resign or Obama should fire her.
"Unfortunately, the Secret Service director's appearance before the Oversight and Government Reform Committee has left us with more questions than answers," said House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio. Although he stopped short of calling for Pierson's resignation in a statement early in the day, he backed a call for an independent investigation and said, "The president must make a swift determination on whether the agency is being well-served by its current leadership."
Democratic Rep. Elijah Cummings, top Democrat on the committee, said in multiple interviews Wednesday that Pierson was no longer the best person to lead the Secret Service.
"There has to be accountability when that is not the case," added House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, who also backed calls for an independent investigation.

Brent at 27-month low as abundant supply weighsBrent fell the most since 2012 in the past quarter and could struggle to recover amid an oversupplied market that has kept prices below $100.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE: Brent crude futures hovered near $94 a barrel on Thursday and were close to their lowest level in more than two years, reflecting sustained pressure from plentiful global supply and weak demand conditions in Europe and China.
Brent fell the most since 2012 in the past quarter and could struggle to recover amid an oversupplied market that has kept prices below $100 for more than three weeks now.
While a mending US economy bodes well for a potential rebound in oil prices in the last quarter of the year, sluggish economic signals elsewhere may limit gains.
"Ultimately weak demand conditions in Europe and China mean that aggressive gains are going to be hard to come by," said Ankit Pahuja, commodity strategist at Australia and New Zealand Banking Group (ANZ).
Investors are eyeing the outcome of the European Central Bank's meeting later in the day, in particular wanting to see the details of a new asset-buying plan to revive the flagging eurozone economy.
Data on Wednesday showed China's manufacturing sector held up in September but remained subdued.
Brent oil for November delivery was off 17 cents at $93.99 a barrel by 0529 GMT. The contract fell as low as $93.78 on Wednesday, its weakest since June 2012.
US November crude eased 10 cents to $90.63 per barrel, within striking distance of 16-month lows touched in early September.
SAUDI CHALLENGE
With oil prices continuing to slide, the pressure is building up on the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to reduce output during its meeting next month.
While analysts expect OPEC to adjust the group's output target of 30 million barrels per day (bpd) for early 2015, the actual cut may not be big enough to spur a sharp spike in oil prices.
OPEC Secretary General Abdullah al-Badri said last month he expected the group's production to drop to around 29.5 million bpd in 2015.
"We think there will be some reduction from OPEC but whether it's as aggressive as some have forecast in the market is still a bit of a question mark," said ANZ's Pahuja.
"The challenge is going to be whether Saudi Arabia wants to give up market share to returning supply from Iran and Libya ."
Saudi Arabia on Wednesday announced a bigger-than-expected cut in its official oil sales price to Asia in November, the clearest sign yet that the world's top exporter is trying to compete for crude market share and keep oil markets well supplied.
National Australia Bank has cut its average Brent price forecast for 2015 to $103 from $105, saying weaker economic conditions in China, Japan and much of Europe have pushed demand expectations lower despite some optimism in the United States , the UK and India.
"Market expectations of oil prices have fallen sharply since June as ample supply and weak demand continue to outweigh concerns over geopolitical tensions in the Middle East," NAB analysts said in a note.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

New PF Rules from This Month: What to KnowRBI Issues Clarification on Credit Cards
Soon, you will be able to change jobs without worrying about transferring the funds lying in your provident fund. Retirement fund body Employees Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) expects to operationlise permanent or universal account numbers (UAN) to its over 4 crore subscribers by October 15 this year.
(Read: New PF Facility Expected to be Launched on October 16 )
The universal account numbers will be portable throughout the working career of employees, on the pattern of core banking services. Under core banking services, a customer can avail the bank services in any of its branch through his allotted account number.
(Also Read: Minimum Salary Limit Hiked for PF Account )
After getting UAN, a PF subscriber would not be issued a new account number on joining a new firm. Instead, he/she would get a member-id which would be linked to the UAN. If an employee has already been allotted the universal PF account number, then he/she is required to provide the same on joining a new establishment to enable the employer to in turn link the new allotted member identification number to UAN. This will help in smoothening out the process of filing of PF transfer claims on changing jobs.
The employees would be also be given a personalised log-in though which they can see carry out different tasks: download UAN card, view updated PF account, file and view transfer claims, and update KYC information.
(Read: Exclusive PF Offices for Employees of Some Firms )
EPFO has recently issued universal PF account numbers for 4.17 crore contributing members. They have been made available to the employers who in turn have to seed the numbers with Know Your Customer (KYC) details such as bank account, PAN and Aadhaar details of the employees.
Universal account number has long been a pending demand of even employers. It is expected that the operationalision of allotment and deployment of the UAN will substantially lower the cost of compliance and save the employer from verification of various claims made by employee to EPFO.
EPFO has already made it mandatory for firms to provide their employees' bank account numbers with IFSC code of bank branch to facilitate allotment of universal PF account number and payment to its subscribers.
Currently, EPFO has already captured bank account details in respect of 1.80 crore employees, PAN details in respect of 86.9 lakh employees and Aadhar number in respect of 28.2 lakh employees. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: October 02, 2014 10:21 (IST)

Wipro  HCL Tech eye US-based IT firm CSC | Cos may avoid upgrading to Windows 10Indian IT firms like Wipro, HCL Tech likely to bid for CSC if it splits operations
ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 10.59AM IST
Tags:
CSC
(CSC, which reported nearly…)
BANGALORE: Indian information technology companies, including Wipro and HCL Technologies, could bid for Computer Science Corp if the US-based IT company splits its public sector and commercial operations before putting itself up for sale. Senior executives at both Noida-based HCL Technologies and Bangalore-based Wipro said they could "consider" the commercial business of Computer Science Corp as it will help them scale up their presence in the United States and Europe.
"Local data centres and existing IT infrastructure business can make for a risky, but good asset to buy—we will surely consider if it's split," said an executive at one of the top five Indian software firms. CSC has infrastructure business contributing 35% to its topline while global business services, including application services and consulting, account for 34% while the North American public sector brings the remaining 31%.
"If the business is split, HCL should be the favourite," said a Mumbai-based analyst at a domestic brokerage, adding hat the company's own application delivery business has not seen much traction and a buyout should help the company. CSC, which reported nearly $13 billion (Rs 80,000 crore) in revenues last fiscal, has reportedly reached out to private equity group, Blackstone and Bain Capital to gauge this interest in management-led buyout, Bloomberg reported on Tuesday. ET independently could not confirm if the company will split its commercial business operations from those of the government contracts. Both Bain Capital and Blackstone declined to comment while an email sent to CSC remained unanswered. Last year, CSC stitched a deal with country's fourth-largest IT firm HCL Technologies under which the two firms aim to modernise applications run by their customers. The addressable market for applications services totaled $210 billion in 2014, according to Gartner's 2014 Market Forecast for IT Services. Some experts, however, remain scepti cal if the company's efforts in the two years are enough to entice interest from suitors.
"The company has made efforts to transform its traditional consulting and outsourcing business and is embracing an operating model relying a lot more on software assets and platformbased delivery models," said Frederic Giron, VP and research director, Forrester Research.
"But this is still the beginning of the journey and the transformation will require a lot more freedom of operation. Hence the idea of LBO (leveraged buyout), which would make sense taking the company private—similar to what Dell did." Giron said the public sector chunk had about $4 billion in annual revenues.
"I believe Indian centric firms are interested in different types of acquisitions: software assets like Trizetto, targeted continental Europe presence like Alti, and potentially some digital capabilities."
To be sure, twice in the past - 2006 and last year - management at CSC has tried to find buyers for the company but a deal could not be reached. The company, which employs nearly 79,000 employees and counts the US government as one of its 2,500 clients, ended last year with Rs 4,250 crore in cash.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nation pays homage to Mahatma Gandhi on birthanniversaryPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi made a brief visit to the memorial. (Source: Express photo by Anil Sharma)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 11:30 am | Updated: October 2, 2014 11:34 am
The nation on Thursday remembered Mahatma Gandhi on his 145th birth anniversary with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and other leaders paying floral tributes at his memorial.
Vice President Hamid Ansari, former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Congress President Sonia Gandhi, Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan, Union Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu and Minister of State for External Affairs V K Singh were among those who also paid homage to the Father of the Nation.
Naidu was the first to arrive at Rajghat, Mahatma Gandhi’s ‘samadhi’, followed by Congress president Sonia Gandhi who was accompanied by former Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit.
After a while, former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh arrived at Rajghat and paid floral tributes. Prime Minister Narendra Modi made a brief visit to the memorial. Clad in a light blue kurta and a white Nehru jacket, Modi arrived at Rajghat around 7:40 AM where he was received by Venkaiah Naidu.
He went straight to the ‘samadhi’ where after offering floral tributes, Modi bowed his head. Manmohan Singh and Modi greeted each other with folded hands when the latter approached the sitting area.
The Prime Minister sat there for some time before he left for his other engagements. An all-religion prayer was conducted during the ceremony. The favourite hymns of Gandhi were also played on the occasion. A large number of schoolchildren, foreigners and common people had also gathered at the venue to pay tributes to Gandhi.

Jayalalithaa Bail: Karnataka HC Adjourns Hearing to 7 OctoberJayalalithaa Bail: Karnataka HC Adjourns Hearing to 7 October
In this Durga temple  the holy flame is burning for 101yearsPrint
PTI | Patna | Posted: October 2, 2014 11:56 am
In a small Durga temple, tucked in a narrow lane in the heart of Patna, an oil lamp burns unwaveringly and devotees throng to pray near it.
After all it is no ordinary flame. It it claimed that it has been burning continuously for the past 101 years and has been attracting people from all walks of life who come seeking fulfilment of their wishes.
“We call this ‘Akhand Jyoti’ (Uninterrupted flame). It has become a flame of faith as it has been burning incessantly in front of the idol of Goddess Durga here. We aptly called it Akhandvasini Temple,” said Basukinath Tiwary, the main priest of the temple.
It was Basukinath’s father late Vishwanath Tiwary, who brought the flame from Kamakhya in Assam to Patna in June 1914, after completing elaborate prayers and rituals. He converted a room in the house near the famous ‘Golghar’ a dome-shaped granary built by the British, into sanctum sanctorum and placed the flame there.
Since then the place has served as a private temple, though devotees are allowed to pray without any charge. Sons and grandsons of Vishwanath Tiwary control the religious affairs and rituals within the premises.
“My father was a devotee, an Ayurvedic doctor and a freedom fighter. He decided to keep the temple open to all so that they could also pray and seek blessings from the Mother Goddess and Akhand Jyoti established here,” said Basukinath.
The priest also reveals that another ‘ghee lamp’ was established close to the oil lamp, and has also been burning constantly for over seven decades now.
“We pour mustard oil and ghee twice daily in the lamps. The rest is taken care of by the devotees,” he added.
Though worshipers visit the temple round the year, especially on Tuesdays, the Navaratra is a special occasion here. Thousands of men and women visit daily and the numbers go up to 10,000 during the last two-three days of Durga Puja.
Basukinath said the devotees come with knots of turmeric, flowers, vermilion, sweets and coconut as offerings to appease the Goddess. He or other members of the family lend a helping hand in assisting the visitors in the prayers.
“We follow the traditional method of worship here. There has been no change in it since the time when my father came here. ‘Chandi path’ is conducted by Brahmins especially invited to the temple. We also get temporary tents and sheds erected for the devotees who queue during the festival,” added the priest.
A grand feast on the ‘ashtami’ or the eighth day of the Navratri is organised at which devotees get sumptuous ‘prasad’ or offerings made to the Goddess.

Modi promises action to improve ease of doing businessCEOs
(He promised firm action…)
WASHINGTON: Prime Minister Narendra Modi declared that the government has no "business to be in business", possibly signalling a shift in his views on privatisation and strategic sales of public sector firms, as he urged American investors to come to India before the queue to invest in the country gets too long.
"I believe that the government has no business to be there in business," Modi told businessmen in Washington on Tuesday at his final engagement in the US before leaving for New Delhi. "It's not the government's job to do trade. Our job is to facilitate and create opportunities— this will be our role."
He promised firm action on improving the ease of doing business Promising to simplify business processes and regulations in the next six months, Modi said, "Whatever may have been India's ranking on the ease of doing business index (134), I have now told officials that I don't want to be so low on this ranking and have given them specific parameters to improve quickly."
Modi said his government understands it's important for investors to have "proper, if not world-class, infrastructure", a peaceful labour environment, skilled human resources and a friendly ecosystem. Any perceived antagonism should be regarded as a thing of the past.
"Whatever may have been your experience in the past, good or bad, now the time has changed, intentions have changed and the objectives have changed. I am trying to revive trust in India, forgetting whatever may have happened," said Modi, looking a little weary at the fag end of a hectic schedule in New York and Washington, throughout which he has been fasting for the navratras.
Still, he didn't let up on his marketing pitch. "I can say with confidence that there isn't a single reason I can think of for the economy to lag behind. There is no need to assess why India is lagging behind - you just need to take a small decision - to go ahead (and invest)," the PM told more than 300 business leaders. Reinforcing commitment to investors and citing the business-minded approach of Gujaratis like himself, Modi said that he doesn't believe that investors need concessions to come and set up shop in India.
"According to my experience, in vestors want effective and easy governance and a facility to avoid difficulties of red-tapism. Whether they get a red carpet or not, getting stuck in red tape is a big problem if an investment planned in 2014 with an eye on commencing production in 2016 gets delayed as entire viability of business goes for a toss," he said.
He stressed that his government has developed a road map for reforms, saying that much more is needed to be done. "You also need a vibrant government and economy, as otherwise all these factors won't matter. Fiscal deficit should be low, tax terrorism must be eliminated and taxation should be simple. After taking charge, I have given these issues top priority," he said.
He also highlighted India's $10 billion programme to sell stakes in state-run companies and said he doesn't believe that the government has the best ideas on how to deal with every issue. "People outside have more ideas and capabilities. So we want to work on public-private partnerships while taking on board people's opinions and feedback on every policy. The government's role should be of a facilitator," he said.
 
Inviting US investors to India, Modi said he fully understands that nobody does business for charity but to make a good return on investment. There should be give and take between US investors and India so that they can prosper from the Indian market while creating jobs for millions of young people. Modi was speaking at a reception hosted by the US India Business Council, where he also had a private meeting with select CEOs. '
FEATURED ARTICLES

Brent at 27-mth low as abundant supply weighsBrent fell the most since 2012 in the past quarter and could struggle to recover amid an oversupplied market that has kept prices below $100.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE: Brent crude futures hovered near $94 a barrel on Thursday and were close to their lowest level in more than two years, reflecting sustained pressure from plentiful global supply and weak demand conditions in Europe and China.
Brent fell the most since 2012 in the past quarter and could struggle to recover amid an oversupplied market that has kept prices below $100 for more than three weeks now.
While a mending US economy bodes well for a potential rebound in oil prices in the last quarter of the year, sluggish economic signals elsewhere may limit gains.
"Ultimately weak demand conditions in Europe and China mean that aggressive gains are going to be hard to come by," said Ankit Pahuja, commodity strategist at Australia and New Zealand Banking Group (ANZ).
Investors are eyeing the outcome of the European Central Bank's meeting later in the day, in particular wanting to see the details of a new asset-buying plan to revive the flagging eurozone economy.
Data on Wednesday showed China's manufacturing sector held up in September but remained subdued.
Brent oil for November delivery was off 17 cents at $93.99 a barrel by 0529 GMT. The contract fell as low as $93.78 on Wednesday, its weakest since June 2012.
US November crude eased 10 cents to $90.63 per barrel, within striking distance of 16-month lows touched in early September.
SAUDI CHALLENGE
With oil prices continuing to slide, the pressure is building up on the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to reduce output during its meeting next month.
While analysts expect OPEC to adjust the group's output target of 30 million barrels per day (bpd) for early 2015, the actual cut may not be big enough to spur a sharp spike in oil prices.
OPEC Secretary General Abdullah al-Badri said last month he expected the group's production to drop to around 29.5 million bpd in 2015.
"We think there will be some reduction from OPEC but whether it's as aggressive as some have forecast in the market is still a bit of a question mark," said ANZ's Pahuja.
"The challenge is going to be whether Saudi Arabia wants to give up market share to returning supply from Iran and Libya ."
Saudi Arabia on Wednesday announced a bigger-than-expected cut in its official oil sales price to Asia in November, the clearest sign yet that the world's top exporter is trying to compete for crude market share and keep oil markets well supplied.
National Australia Bank has cut its average Brent price forecast for 2015 to $103 from $105, saying weaker economic conditions in China, Japan and much of Europe have pushed demand expectations lower despite some optimism in the United States , the UK and India.
"Market expectations of oil prices have fallen sharply since June as ample supply and weak demand continue to outweigh concerns over geopolitical tensions in the Middle East," NAB analysts said in a note.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Times Higher Education rankings:IISc top varsity in India Panjab University 2ndComments
The Indian Institute of Science and Panjab University are the top universities in India, according to the Times Higher Education World University Rankings 2014-15 released on Wednesday.
While an Indian institute is yet to figure in the top 200, both IISc Bangalore and Panjab University have been ranked in the 276-300 bracket. Incidentally IISc made a debut this year.
California Institute of Technology holds on to the world number one spot for the fourth consecutive year, ahead of Harvard University in second and the University of Oxford at third place.
Panjab University vice chancellor AK Grover told HT, “We are sad because we have slipped by 50 points this year. But we are happy that we are put in the same bracket as IISc.”
“It is good news that India now has two universities in the world top 300. But it should be a cause for serious concern that  India  does not yet have a top-200 entrant, and does not seem to be making enough progress up the rankings,” Phil Baty, the editor of Times Higher Education World University Rankings, said.
The methodology for ranking  the various institutes  consists of 13 criteria in 5 categories which includes teaching  (30% weightage),  learning environment, research (30%), citation impact (30%),  international outlook 7.5%),  industry income( 2.5%)

Matra Kaushal: Outcome of AGMOct 02, 2014, 12.05 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Matra Kaushal: Outcome of AGM
Matra Kaushal Enterprise has informed that the 22nd annual general meeting (AGM) of the company was held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Matra Kaushal: Outcome of AGM
Matra Kaushal Enterprise has informed that the 22nd annual general meeting (AGM) of the company was held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Matra Kaushal Enterprise Ltd has informed BSE that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Ashok Leyland delisted from MSEOct 02, 2014, 11.59 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ashok Leyland delisted from MSE
Ashok Leyland has informed that pursuant to the decision of the Madras Stock Exchange to seek voluntary surrender of recognition and exit as a stock exchange, the company had applied for voluntary delisting of equity shares from Madras Stock Exchange.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ashok Leyland delisted from MSE
Ashok Leyland has informed that pursuant to the decision of the Madras Stock Exchange to seek voluntary surrender of recognition and exit as a stock exchange, the company had applied for voluntary delisting of equity shares from Madras Stock Exchange.
Post your opinion here
 
Ashok Leyland Ltd has informed BSE that pursuant to the decision of the Madras Stock Exchange Limited (MSE) to seek voluntary surrender of recognition and exit as a stock exchange (as MSE did not meet the SEBI criteria on annual turnover), the Company had applied for voluntary delisting of equity shares from Madras Stock Exchange (MSE).The Listing Committee of MSE approved the same and confirmed that the name of the Company has been removedfrom the list of Listed Securities of MSE with effect from September 25, 2014.Source : BSE

MphasiS appoints Mary Teresa Hassett as non-executive additional directorOct 02, 2014, 11.56 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
MphasiS appoints Mary Teresa Hassett as non-executive additional director
MphasiS has informed that Ms. Mary Teresa Hassett has been appointed as a non-executive additional director of the company effective September 30, 2014. Ms. Mary Teresa Hassett will be a non-executive woman director on the Board. Mr. Chandrakant D. Patel has resigned as a director of the company effective the closing hours of September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
MphasiS appoints Mary Teresa Hassett as non-executive additional director
MphasiS has informed that Ms. Mary Teresa Hassett has been appointed as a non-executive additional director of the company effective September 30, 2014. Ms. Mary Teresa Hassett will be a non-executive woman director on the Board. Mr. Chandrakant D. Patel has resigned as a director of the company effective the closing hours of September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
MphasiS Ltd has informed BSE that:1. Ms. Mary Teresa Hassett has been appointed as a non-executive additional director of the Company effective September 30, 2014. Ms. Mary Teresa Hassett will be a non-executive woman director on the Board.2. Mr. Chandrakant D. Patel has resigned as a director of the Company effective the closing hours of September 30, 2014.Source : BSE

Aus envoy for women to visit India for supporting projectsAus envoy for women to visit India for supporting projects
Thousands rally in Taiwan to support Hong Kong protestersThousands rally in Taiwan to support Hong Kong protesters
Hrithik Roshan s  Bang Bang  box office collections on Day 1 set to be highest everHrithik Roshan s  Bang Bang  box office collections on Day 1 set to be highest ever
Time for PM Modi to fulfil promises made in USTime for PM Modi to fulfil promises made in US
India  US can work together to build sustainable futureIndia  US can work together to build sustainable future
Why analysts are not so bullish on Larsen & ToubroHi Guest
Why analysts are not so bullish on Larsen & Toubro
The investment cycle might not be showing signs of revival but Larsen & Toubro (L&T) is not revising its order inflow forecast (consolidated level) downwards. Larsen & Toubro expects order inflows from core engineering and services businesses to grow 20 per cent year-on-year. At the end of the first half of FY15, its order inflows stand at Rs 44,700 crore (Rs 447 billion). If it has to grow these 20 per cent, it would need fresh orders of Rs 1,24,100 crore. Antique Stock Broking ...

Delhi slum where Bapu stayed spruced up  awaits PMDelhi slum where Bapu stayed spruced up  awaits PM
Rashtriya Chemicals: Updates on outcome of AGMOct 02, 2014, 12.24 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Rashtriya Chemicals: Updates on outcome of AGM
Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilizers has submitted a copy of minutes of the 36th annual general meeting (AGM) of the company held on September 19, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Rashtriya Chemicals: Updates on outcome of AGM
Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilizers has submitted a copy of minutes of the 36th annual general meeting (AGM) of the company held on September 19, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of minutes of the 36th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 19, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Review: HTC Desire 616 lacks powerPrice: Rs 16,999
Rating: 4.5/5
Specs: 5-inch display, 1.4 GHz octa core processor, 1 GB RAM, 4GB + microSD, 8 MP rear + 2 MP front cam, 3G, WiFi, BT 4.0, dual SIM, Android 4.2.2, 2000mAh battery, 150 g
Once focusing on single SIM, dual SIM seems to be the road ahead for HTC. The company has now come up with a mid-range dual SIM device, the Desire 616.
The design seems to be inspired by the HTC One, but only in terms of the shape. The material is different. This phone has got a cheap, glossy plastic removable back panel. The phone has got a 5-inch display responsive display. The colours are bright.
Unlike other phones powered by dual core MediaTek processors, this one packs in a 1.4 GHz Octacore processor and is paired with 1 GB of RAM. While most of the time, the performance was smooth, it did lag a couple of times. For this price, the RAM should have been higher.
After 10 minutes of gaming, the phone started to heat up and slowed down. Also, it can't support multiple apps running in the background. The smartphone runs on Android 4.2.2 and comes with the HTC launcher with BlinkFeed.
HTC has added an 8 MP camera to this phone that is just about average. Low light images had noise. Another downside with the phone is the 4 GB internal storage which leaves only 1.62 GB of internal storage of apps.
While you can use external memory card too but the more the internal storage, the faster the phone will be. The audio output on speaker was loud. The 2000 mAh battery was good enough to last a day.
BAG IT OR JUNK IT:
Consider Xiaomi Mi3 over this one

Giorgio Armani on evolution of male wardrobe  straight jacketStory
Straight jacket
Time waits for no man, and neither does fashion. Celebrated designer Giorgio Armani describes the evolution of the male wardrobe, and the special place it holds for the jacket.
Threads that Kill: Standout looks from Giorgio Armani's Fall Winter 2014-15 show
Italian fashion designer Giorgio Armani
My new collection is dedicated to exploring the universe and style of tailored jackets. I believe jackets are an essential that every man should have in his wardrobe, whatever may be his lifestyle , the season or the place he lives. My own adventure in fashion started with the deconstruction of jackets, no longer understood as a stiff uniform to be worn passively but as an item in which men can move freely and identify with.
The evolution of my own style can be seen more clearly from how jackets have changed. The basic idea has remained the same over the years - to create a physically and metaphorically soft item that is comfortable, and makes the wearer feel confident. It's the fabrics, proportions and cuts that have changed over time, because true innovation in fashion happens through techniques.
A well-fit double breasted masterpiece from Gucci
My new jackets feature raglan shoulders that make them cling to the body like a loose, soft cardigan; they are made from lightweight, mellow-coloured fabrics, using innovative techniques such as raw edges and heat-welded seams. While these jackets are comfortable and light, they - at the same time - give men poise and elegance. It is a very fine balance that requires detailed study, but it deeply inspires me.
Men's style has evolved significantly over the years, moving toward increasing informality. And this was an inevitable aspect indeed, given the way it reflects how customs and rules have softened with the passage of time.
If you ask me, I think the strongest trend in fashion today is moving precisely in this direction, which is to combine comfort and elegance. This would explain the preponderance of shirts and essential lines, the taste for special textures combined with pure and perfect design.
Gone are the days of eccentricity at all costs. There is a desire for redesigned, classical lines that are not stiff, but equally far from any laxity of style. To me, focusing on jackets means to respond to this widespread need. A jacket is the one item in a man's wardrobe that really suits all kinds of situations. For instance, it can be worn over a sweater for a relaxed look, or over a white shirt to earn that dignified allure I consider timeless.
A pair of trousers with new volumes and carefully chosen accessories will complete the perfect look.
THE MILITARY CONNECTION
The tailored men's jacket has long been the favoured testing ground for Giorgio Armani, and the developments he has pioneered through his work on this staple of the male wardrobe speak not only of changes in form, but also in custom.
A relaxed single-breasted jacket from Louis Vuitton
For many years now, the designer's approach has been that of deconstruction - he liberates the jacket from the padding that stiffens it, giving it flowing lines that lend ease of movement, comfort and panache. The fabrics are soft, and new blends and weaves allow for amazing results in terms of lightness and performance. As the modern man becomes progressively aware of his physique and starts expressing a physical dynamism, the Armani jacket turns into a second skin that can be worn without effort.
This approach has led to the development of the new raglan jacket in Armani's autumn/winter 2014-15 collection for men. Notably, after years of dominance of the single-breasted jacket, the double-breasted jacket has made a comeback - it's long and slim with eight buttons, and not at all restrictive.
The new jacket features raglan sleeves - adapted from military wear - and the cut does not include anchor points on the shoulder, giving it maximum freedom of movement. The shoulders are padding-free; they mould to the figure and follow its shape. Without a breast pocket and devoid of every non-functional detail, this baby is like a tailored cardigan.
Now, this gives dressing up to combat the winter a whole new meaning, doesn't it?

Smallest member of Mercedes SUV family  the GLA-ClassPlease answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Get a Quote
Browse Companies
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z | 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
Browse Mutual Funds

Maruti Suzuki September sales up 4.6% at 1 09 742 unitsMaruti Suzuki September sales up 4.6% at 1,09,742 units
By PTI | 1 Oct, 2014, 11.29AM IST
Domestic sales during the month stood at 99,290 units, up 9.8 per cent from 90,399 units in September previous year, Maruti Suzuki India said.
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: The country's largest carmaker Maruti Suzuki India today reported 4.6 per cent increase in its total sales in September 2014 at 1,09,742 units as against 1,04,964 units in the same month previous year.
Domestic sales during the month stood at 99,290 units, up 9.8 per cent from 90,399 units in September previous year, Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) said in a statement.
Sales of mini passenger cars, including Alto, A-Star and WagonR were down 13.4 per cent at 35,547 units as against 41,061 units in the same month previous year.
MSI said during the month, sales of its compact cars, comprising Swift, Estilo, Celerio, Ritz and Dzire were at 43,304 units as against 36,679 units in the year-ago month, up 18.1 per cent.
Dzire Tour sales were at 1,221 units as against 857 units in September last year, up 42.5 per cent.
During the month, the company said it dispatched 1,375 units of the soon-to-be-launched sedan Ciaz.
The company's sales of utility vehicles, including Ertiga and Gypsy were at 5,980 units as against 2,657 units, up 125.1 per cent.
Van sales, consisting of Omni and Eeco, were at 11,863 units as compared to 8,767 units in the previous year, up 35.3 per cent, it said.
Exports in September were down 28.2 per cent to 10,452 units from 14,565 units in the same month previous year, the company said.

Auto part makers see exports nearly trebling this yearAuto part makers see exports nearly trebling this year
By PTI | 1 Oct, 2014, 07.36AM IST
Tweet
Domestic component makers' two largest exports markets of the US and Britain continue to be in good shape from the shipments point of view.
MUMBAI: Auto components exports are likely to nearly treble this fiscal with the two largest markets, the US and Britain, performing well and the auto segment figuring prominently in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' plans, an industry leader has said.
"Last year exports growth was 5.5 per cent and this year it should definitely be around 10-15 per cent," Auto Component Manufacturers Association of India Director General Vinnie Mehta said.
Domestic component makers' two largest exports markets of the US and Britain continue to be in good shape from the shipments point of view and will be the key geographies driving this growth, he said.
Earlier this month, the association had said that the economic slowdown in the last three years had resulted in a demand slump and would force the domestic auto industry to miss by up to 25 per cent of the targets set in the ambitious Automotive Mission Plan 2016.
The auto industry had set an ambitious target under the 2006-16 plan to take its annual turnover to $ 145 billion with special emphasis on export of small cars, MUVs, two and three wheelers and auto components.
Terming the 'Make in India' campaign, which envisages to make the country a manufacturing hub, extremely positive for component manufacturers, Mehta said, "positive sentiments are always best for both the consumers and the industry."
He said the industry expects from the government to implement the long-pending GST regime as a uniform tax structure creates a pan-India market. If the taxes go down, it makes a product more competitive.

PM s US visit: Joint statement by Narendra Modi and Barack ObamaBarack Obama
(In a joint address, PM Modi…)
NEW DELHI: Expressing confidence in the potential of strengthening Indo-US ties, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said, "We will further our defence ties; I invite US defence companies to manufacture in India."
In a joint address, PM Modi and US President Barack Obama touched upon many issues including terrorism and trade facilitation.
Here is the full text of joint statement as released by the ministry of external affairs:
The Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi and the President of the United States of America Barack Obama met this morning. Marking their first bilateral summit, the President recognized the Prime Minister's historic election victory in the largest democratic election ever held.
The two leaders extolled the broad strategic and globalpartnership between the United States and India, which will continue to generategreater prosperity and security for their citizens and the world. Prime Minister Modi emphasized the priority India accords to its partnership with the United States, a principal partner in the realization of India's rise as a responsible, influential world power. Given the shared values, people-to-people ties, and pluralistic traditions, President Obama recognized that India's rise as a friend and partner is in the United States' interest. Theyendorsed the first "Vision Statement for the Strategic Partnership" as a guide to strengthen and deepen cooperation in every sector for the benefit of global stability and people's livelihoods over the next ten years. They committed to a new mantra for the relationship, "ChaleinSaathSaath: Forward Together We Go."
The two leadersrecognized that the bilateral relationshipenjoys strong support in both countries, which has allowed the strategic partnership to flourish even as the governments change.Welcoming the wide range of collaborative activities undertaken to improve their citizens' lives, both leaders agreed to revitalize the existing partnership and find new areas for collaboration and mutual benefit.
Economic Growth
Noting that two-way trade has increased fivefold since 2001 to nearly$100 billion, President Obama and Prime Minister Modicommitted to facilitate the actions necessary to increase tradeanother fivefold.President Obama and Prime Minister Modi recognizedthat U.S. and Indian businesses have a critical role to play in sustainable, inclusive, and job-led growth and development.
In order to raise investment by institutional investors and corporate entities, the leaders pledged to establish an Indo-U.S. Investment Initiative led by the Ministry of Finance and the Department of Treasury, with special focus on capital market development and financing of infrastructure. They pledged to establish an Infrastructure Collaboration Platform convened by the Ministry of Finance and the Department of Commerce to enhance participation of U.S. companies in infrastructure projects in India.
In this context, the U.S.government welcomes India's offer for U.S. industry to be the lead partner in developing smart cities in Ajmer (Rajasthan), Vishakhapatnam (Andhra Pradesh) and Allahabad (Uttar Pradesh).The Prime Minister will welcome two trade missions in 2015 focused on meeting India's infrastructure needs with U.S. technology and services.
They also committed to a new partnership to advance the Prime Minister's goal of improved access to clean water and sanitation for all. USAID, through the Urban India Water, Sanitation, and Hygiene (WASH) Alliance, will serve as knowledge partner to help leverage private and civil society innovation, expertise, and technology, such as with the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, to support the Prime Minister's 500 Cities National Urban Development Mission and Clean India Campaign.
The President welcomed the Prime Minister's ambitious plan to extend basicfinancialservices to all its citizens, giving them powerful tools to manage their finances and more fully participate in India's growing economy.The President and Prime Minister underlinedthe important contribution that U.S. locomotive technology, equipment to monitor rail system assets, and U.S. best practices can play in modernizing India's vast railway network, including accessing programs of U.S. Trade and Development Agency in this work.

Politics helps break the ice between Narendra Modi  Barack ObamaAtal Bihari Vajpayee
(The question now is whether…)
WASHINGTON, DC: It wasn't surprising at all that when Prime Minister Narendra Modi met US President Barack Obama for the first time over dinner on Monday night, the conversation would quickly center around politics, after the initial exchange of pleasantries.
One of the first questions his host asked Modi was about the premier's "vision" and how he is working on it. Both being political junkies, politics is perhaps the only subject they could have used to break the ice.
According to the external affairs ministry spokesperson, the "get-to-know-each-other" meeting was "extremely convivial." All indications are that, at a personal level, the two leaders have started off quite well.
"I have every expectation that President Obama and Prime Minister Modi will hit it off because of the kind of people they are," says Ashley Tellis, a senior associate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace here. "They both love talking about their business, which is politics. Their temperate is also quite complimentary."
Though both Modi and Obama are products of vastly different political ideologies — one an American liberal, the other a Hindu nationalist — the two leaders have a lot in common. For starters, both came to power selling hope and change. Both cut their political teeth at the grassroots level: Obama as a Chicago community organiser; Modi as an RSS "pracharak". Both use technology and social media to advance their political goals in a way few of their contemporary politicians have been able to. Camaraderie between Indian and US leaders is nothing new. Obama has a warm personal relationship with Manmohan Singh .
His predecessor, George . Bush, had great working relationships with both Prime Ministers Singh and Atal Bihari Vajpayee . The question now is whether the good vibes generated in the meeting between Modi and Obama translate into an excellent working relationship between the two leaders.
Global India Newswire

From the Managing Editor: October 2014Story
From the Managing Editor
Our cover story tries to make you aware of the common mistakes people make while planning for retirement and what one should do to avoid those false steps.
Sarbajeet K Sen      Follow @sarbajeets    Edition: October 2014
Money Today Managing Editor Sarbajeet K Sen
Retired life is often referred to as the 'golden years'. You have done your bit during your working life. You worked hard for a living and to make a mark in life, provided for your family and took care of your children's education and your parents' needs. You walked through all the ups and downs of life and fulfilled every responsibility that came your way. Now is the time to relax and enjoy life as the baton passes over to the next generation. But are these really golden years?
It may be so for the smart ones who plan early and build a large enough retirement kitty to take care of expenses. But for those who lack foresight and do not plan for the retirement years, or keep deferring it for too long, the retirement years could be tough, if not outright miserable.
The bills have to be paid each month and there is no regular income. Your health could sink and you may not have a health policy. And if you did not buy a house during your working life, the burden of rent would weigh heavy on your now frail shoulders. The hard fact is that you might have to provide for more years than those who retired some decades ago because Indians are living longer.
Retirement Planning: Avoiding Pitfalls
According to government statistics, life expectancy in India has gone up by five years, from 62.3 years for males and 63.9 years for females in 2001-05 to 67.3 years and 69.6 years, respectively, in 2011-15. More reason why your retirement planning should be well drawn out and you should not falter on your way as you put together that desired corpus bit by bit to replace your income once that salary slip ceases to come.
But people do make mistakes on this long journey, which they rue later. So many of us have seen elderly people suffer for want of finances. Our cover story tries to make you aware of the common mistakes people make while planning for retirement and what one should do to avoid those false steps. For example, have you factored in the impact of inflation on your nest egg?
What seems a big amount now would be worth much less a few years down the line as inflation nibbles into it. As our calculations show, if your expenses are Rs 50,000 a month at age 30, you would need a replacement income of Rs 3.8 lakh a month at 60 at 7% average inflation.
Do you have adequate health cover? Health care costs during old age could create a huge hole in your pocket. Also, have you considered buying a house or are still dithering? Having your own property not only helps in avoiding rental outgo but if the going gets tough you can reverse mortgage your property with a lender to earn regular income during the retirement years. And the best way to do all this is to start investing early for your nest egg to take advantage of the compounding factor.
As we point out, a saving of Rs 5,000 per month from age 20 at 12% average return will lead to an accumulation of Rs 5.94 crore at 60. If you start 10 years later, the accumulated amount will be only Rs 1.76 crore.
Try to avoid these mistakes to build a wholesome package of assets to ensure that your later years are actually the 'golden' period.

Modi  Obama create new agenda to broaden cooperationBarack Obama
(There was "great convergence"…)
WASHINGTON DC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama sought to reset ties between India and the United States as both leaders had an extended discussion in the White House on Tuesday, resolving to broaden their cooperation in various fields including defence, intelligence, counter-terrorism, Afghanistan, space exploration and science.
Jointly signed piece in Washington Post
There was "great convergence" between the two sides on peace and stability in the Asia-Pacific, Modi said in comments made shortly after the talks ended. He said the US was an integral part of India's Look East, Link West policy.
"It is natural for India and US to have a strategic relationship," Modi said. "We already have the foundation for a strong partnership and now we have to revive momentum between the two countries."
The two leaders also discussed thornier issues, with Modi saying that he had made the point that India supports trade facilitation at the WTO, but expects the country's concerns on food security to be addressed. He also pushed for easier access to the US market for Indian service companies.
India wants to resolve hurdles in the way of the civil nuclear agreement as this was important for the country's energy security, Modi said.
President Obama said there was much common ground between the two nations and that they had agreed to cooperate on tackling issues such as the Ebola outbreak, for which India has pledged $12 million.
"We discussed international situation, security issues and Middle East violence and extremism," Obama said. "We discussed trade and how we can work with each other and decided to deepen our existing ties with India."
Modi said he was inspired by the extraordinary interest in India in the US and said that "we will draw strength and inspiration from this." He also invited US defence companies to come to India as part of his bid to boost investment.
"The president and I spoke about many of the reforms we are undertaking and the focus on making it easy to do business in India," Modi said. "I expect business and economic ties between the two countries would grow at a great pace."
Modi also said that he had invited President Obama and his family to visit India. After their meeting that went on for over two hours, the two leaders went together to the Martin Luther King Memorial. Following this, Modi attended a lunch hosted by Vice President Joe Biden. A joint statement by the two governments was expected to be released later.
Earlier, the two leaders said it was time "to set a new agenda, one that realises concrete benefits for our citizens" in a jointly signed piece in the Washington Post that was published Tuesday morning.
"This will be an agenda that enables us to find mutually rewarding ways to expand our collaboration in trade, investment and technology that harmonise with India's ambitious development agenda, while sustaining the United States as the global engine of growth," they wrote. "As global partners, we are committed to enhancing our homeland security by sharing intelligence, through counterterrorism and law-enforcement cooperation, while we jointly work to maintain freedom of navigation and lawful commerce across the seas."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rupee closes 14 paise higher on dollar saleRupee closes 14 paise higher on dollar sale
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 18:31 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Recovering from nearly seven-month low level, the rupee on Wednesday closed 14 paise higher at 61.61 against the US currency amid fresh dollar selling by exporters and some banks ahead of long weekend holidays.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced lower at 61.92 and immediately touched a low of 61.95, a level not seen since March 4, 2014 when it had logged an intra-day low of 62.15.
Later, a sudden dollar selling by exporters and some banks pushed the rupee up to a high of 61.58, before settling at 61.61, a net rise of 14 paise or 0.23 per cent from its previous close.
On Tuesday, it had plunged by 22 paise or 0.36 pct.
Meanwhile, the BSE benchmark Sensex closed down by 62.52 points or 0.23 per cent in lacklustre trade, while FPIs/FIIs withdrew $25.50 million on Tuesday, as per Sebi data.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group, said: "Today rupee tried to recover from yesterday's fall ahead of the five-day holidays.... Most Asian currencies traded weak against the dollar as it continues to trade at four-year highs.... the rupee posted its fourth weekly fall in a row."
In forward market, premium ended steady to better on stray payments from banks and corporates.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in March closed stable at its overnight level of 234.5-236.5 while far-forward contracts maturing in September, 2015 edged up to 473.5-475.5 paise from 472.5-474.5 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 61.7511 and for the euro at 77.9546.
The rupee improved further against the pound to 99.72 from previous close of 99.91 and also strengthened to 77.56 per euro from 77.68. It hardened to 56.05 per 100 Japanese yen from 56.24.
The forex and money markets will remain closed on October 2, 3 and 6 on account of Mahatma Gandhi Jayanthi, Dussehra and Bakri Id.

Italian manufacturing PMI inches up to 50.7 in SeptemberOct 01, 2014, 01.22 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Italian manufacturing PMI inches up to 50.7 in September
Italian manufacturing PMI inches up to 50.7 in September
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Italian manufacturing PMI inches up to 50.7 in September
Italian manufacturing PMI inches up to 50.7 in September
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Manufacturing activity in Italy expanded unexpectedly in September, easing concerns over the economic outlook of the euro zone's third largest economy, data showed on Wednesday.
In a report, market research group Markit said that its Italian manufacturing purchasing managers' index inched up to a seasonally adjusted 50.7 last month from a reading of 49.8 in August. Analysts had expected the index to decline to 49.5 in September.
A reading above 50.0 on the index indicates industry expansion, below indicates contraction.
Leading the headline index to rise were returns to growth in employment and stocks of purchases, as well as a faster increase in output and a renewed deterioration in suppliers' delivery times.
Commenting on the report, Phil Smith, economist at Markit, said, 'The headline manufacturing PMI moved back into positive territory in September, but the recovery in business conditions at factories remains a fragile one."
EUR/USD was trading at 1.2615 from around 1.2613 ahead of the release of the data, while EUR/GBP was at 0.7782 from 0.7780 earlier.
Meanwhile, European stock markets were mixed. Italy's FTSE MIB 40 rose 0.1%, the DJ Euro Stoxx 50 increased 0.1%, France's CAC 40 added 0.1%, London's FTSE 100 inched down 0.3%, while Germany's DAX edged 0.35% higher.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Americas Khorasan puzzleThe curious case of the Khorasan group
By Roula Khalaf
The latest jihadi outfit on the scene appears to fall into the known unknown category
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/075b888a-48b6-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fink blames regulators for heated marketsFink blames regulators for move into riskier assets
By Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/02b3bc2e-490d-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Greek bonds rally on ECB buying movesGreek bonds rally on ECB buying moves
By Elaine Moore and Kerin Hope
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5b32650a-4951-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BG retreats on production downgrade fearsBG retreats amid concerns over production guidance downgrade
By Bryce Elder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7b3a372e-4988-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

An Iridium of our ownE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Pentagon to target its hospitals providing poor care following reviewBy Dan Lamothe October 1 Follow @danlamothe
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel wants an plan within 45 days in the cases of health facilities found to be poor performers in a system-wide review. (Larry Downing/Reuters)
A system-wide review of the military’s healthcare system has determined that eight facilities run by the Pentagon have “significantly higher than expected” rates of patients getting sick following treatment but that the system overall provides quality care.
Results of the review, released Wednesday , found wide disparities in the care provided by the military, with some aspects of the system performing better than in the civilian healthcare system and others ranking “below national benchmarks.”
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel ordered the review in May , as allegations about poor care provided by the the Department of Veterans Affairs prompted an assessment of the system that is run by the Defense Department separately and provides healthcare to the military’s active-duty service members and their families. At the time, the commander of one of the Army’s largest medical facilities had been recently ousted following concerns over its surgical unit.
“The bottom line finding is that the military healthcare system provides healthcare that is comparable in access, quality and safety to average private sector healthcare. But we cannot accept average,” Hagel told reporters at a briefing on Wednesday. “We can do better.”
The hospitals identified in 2012-2013 for improvement in “patient morbidity,” in which a subject gets sick after medical treatment, include the following:
– Mike O’Callaghan Federal Medical Center at Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada;
– Madigan Army Medical Center at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington;
– San Antonio Military Medical Center at Fort Sam Houston in Texas;
– Womack Army Medical Center at Fort Bragg in North Carolina;
– Naval Medical Center San Diego;
– Naval Medical Center Portsmouth in Virginia;
– Evans Army Community Hospital at Fort Carson in Colorado;
– Fort Belvoir Community Hospital in Virginia.
This graphic in the report outlines the facilities identified with morbidity rates considered below average:
This graphic in the Military Health System Review report, released by the Pentagon on Wednesday, details which facilities have patients who get sick after treatment. (Defense Department graphic)
In a memo released alongside the review, Hagel said that he wanted any facility found to not be providing timely access to care to provide a plan within 30 days to improve. Facilities found to “outliers” in patient safety will have 45 days to develop an action plan. Within 90 days, the health system’s administrators must develop a way to provide better oversight across all of its facilities, Hagel said.
The military’s health care system includes more than 50 hospitals and 600 clinics around the world, and a budget of more than $50 billion. It serves 9.6 million Americans entitled to health care coverage through the Defense Department.
The report also detailed so-called “sentinel events” in the system, in which an unexpected death or injury occurs or could occur due unexpected circumstances. The review found that the military’s healthcare facilities fare favorably when compared to civilian ones in terms of how frequently occur.
However, between 2010 and 2013, Pentagon healthcare facilities still reported 71 instances of a patient retaining a foreign object after surgery, 57 adults dying unexpectedly, 40 surgeries being conducted on the wrong part of a body, 34 infants dying unexpectedly and 28 instances in which delayed treatment contributed to significant health problems.
This Defense Department graphic shows reported cases in which serious medical problems occurred unexpectedly in treatment.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Chinese ambassador fails to meet CleggChinese ambassador to Britain fails to take up Clegg’s invitation
By Kiran Stacey in London and Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/376566be-4996-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IT stocks still cheap despite recent surge; Goldman SachsIT stocks still cheap despite recent surge, says Goldman Sachs
ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 06.17AM IST
Tags:
Cyclicals
(IT stocks have outperformed…)
MUMBAI: Valuations of information technology (IT) stocks are at a discount to that of the Nifty despite the recent outperformance, said Goldman Sachs . Within the sector, the investment bank prefers stocks such as Tech Mahindra , TCS and HCL Technologies over Mindtree, Wipro and Infosys on the ground of better revenue visibility.
"Relative to its own history, sector valuations are not stretched and imply dollar revenue growth of 14% versus our forecast of 15% CAGR (compounded annual growth rate) in FY14-FY16E (estimates)," said Goldman's analysts Rishi Jhunjhunwala and defensives , in a client note.
IT stocks have outperformed the Nifty by 12% since elections results in mid-May as investors shifted from cyclicals to defensives, the investment bank said.
On Wednesday, most IT stocks ended higher in a subdued market.
Wipro rose 3.2%, Infosys gained 2.7% and TCS advanced 1.4%. Mindtree fell 2.7%. The strength in these stocks could be in the run up to the July-September results, said analysts.
Earnings of IT companies in the quarter ended September 30 have been historically strong, but market expectations from some largecap companies, including Infosys and Wipro, appear subdued, according to Goldman. "On revenue growth, TCS, HCL and TechM are best placed among large caps while for Infosys focus will be around strategy announcements by the new CEO on October 10, in our view," said the Goldman analysts.
The calendar year 2015 could be a better year than 2014 for the IT industry , the investment bank said.
"2015 would be one of the strongest years for the deal restructuring market, as per ISG. We believe that this may result in better market share gains and revenue growth for Indian IT companies in 2015," the Goldman analysts said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tata Motors  Maruti Suzuki  Honda  others rev up auto sales ahead of Diwali with new launchesTata Motors, Maruti Suzuki, Honda, others rev up auto sales ahead of Diwali with new launches
fe Bureau | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 02 2014, 10:14  IST
Oct 02 2014, 10:14  IST
 

Quartz Daily BriefEurope editionTurkeys ISIL problem  Rockets IPO  Zara needs Alibaba  Viagra blindnessOctober 2, 2014
What to watch for today
Will Turkey join the fight against the Islamic State? The country’s parliament will vote on whether or not it’ll augment the firepower currently being supplied by the US and its allies. The Syrian town of Kobani—right on Turkey’s border—is about to be captured by IS fighters .
The European Central Bank tries to save the day. The ECB is expected to reveal new stimulus measures and potentially change interest rates  at its monthly meeting . The euro hit a two-year low against the dollar on Wednesday, partly due to disappointing manufacturing data.
Hong Kong’s protests may get messy. The pro-democracy demonstrations that have shut down central Hong Kong for five days may transition from a festive street party  to a tense political showdown . Student activists have set the end of the day as a deadline for the city’s chief executive to retire, and have vowed to storm government buildings— including CY Leung’s own residence —if he doesn’t step aside.
Rocket Internet goes public. The startup incubator—often chided for being a clone factory —is expected to raise upwards of €1.6 billion  ($2 billion) when its shares start trading in Frankfurt for  €42.50 a pop .
Brazil’s presidential candidates get their last chance to shine. Dilma Rousseff and Marina Silva  have one more debate before elections on October 5, though a run-off election on October 26  will almost certainly be needed .
While you were sleeping
The US Secret Service director was forced to step down. Julia Pierson was unable to withstand twin scandals—first  the White House fence jumper , then an armed ex-convict sharing an elevator with president Obama. She will be replaced by retired Secret Service agent  Joseph Clancy .
Zara threw in with Alibaba. One of the world’s largest fashion retailers  agreed to sell its apparel via Tmall , an Alibaba platform that takes a commission on sales. Despite Zara being one of the most popular brands in China, its Zara.cn site failed to make an impact.
Sierra Leone’s Ebola outbreak is accelerating. The outstripped West African country reported 765 new cases of the disease last week—about five per hour—but has only 327 hospital beds in total . The New York Times has a horrific account from one overmatched hospital in Makeni , one of Sierra Leone’s largest cities.
Hyundai workers returned to the factory floor. Staff voted by a slim 51.5% margin to end to a strike that was expanded after Hyundai paid $10 billion for a trophy plot of land in Seoul’s Gangnam district. The company’s workers, who will each receive payments of 8.9 million won ($8,400), have gone on strike for all but four of the union’s 27 years.
Japanese businesses are relatively bullish on Abenomics. Companies surveyed by Japan’s central bank predicted inflation of 1.5% in a year and 1.7% over five years—though still a slower pace than the government’s target of 2%.
Quartz obsession interlude
Gwynn Guilford on why the US anti-vaccine movement is scarier than the Ebola virus. “The 592 cases [of measles] reported thus far in 2014 are a far cry from the measles incidence before the vaccination campaign started, in 1963. Back then, about 550,000 Americans came down with the virus each year; around 500 of those people died. But it’s still the highest number of cases since measles was ‘eliminated.’ … As a study last year of a 2010 California whooping cough outbreak found, more people declined to vaccine their children for ‘non-medical reasons’ than any year since 1947, when the vaccine was introduced.” Read more here .
Matters of debate
Vice broke the law with its Islamic State documentary. It arguably gave  material support to a terrorist organization .
Mars is humankind’s insurance policy. Elon Musk promises  the first colony will be operational by 2040.
Facebook feeds our addiction to justice. We love to share ridiculous articles that make us mad .
In the end, nothing will happen in Hong Kong. The protestors will go home , Beijing will regain control, and all will be back to normal.
Surprising discoveries
Contact lenses used to be made out of glass. You couldn’t close your eyes while wearing them.
Tom and Jerry comes with a racism warning. Amazon points to racial prejudices that were “ once commonplace in American society .”
Those little blue pills could make you blind. One in 50 men carry a gene that makes them susceptible to Viagra blindness .
You’ll never sit lonely again. For ¥46,000 ($420), a Japanese firm will sell you a chair that can administer hugs .
CrossFit for kids is a thing. The notoriously hard-core exercise company says it wants to make pre-school fitness fun .
Click here for  more surprising discoveries  on Quartz.
Our best wishes for a productive day. Please send any news, comments, tickets to Mars, and chair hugs to hi@qz.com . You can follow us on Twitter here for updates throughout the day.
Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief  here , tailored for morning delivery in Asia, Europe & Africa, and the Americas.
Share this:

Brokers wide off target as FMCG cos spring surpriseYou are here: Home > Collections > Britannia
Brokers wide off target as FMCG companies spring a surprise
Biswajit Baruah, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 01.08AM IST
Tags:
Britannia
(In the FMCG space, Britannia…)
MUMBAI: Stocks of most consumer companies have outperformed the BSE Sensex in the September quarter, compelling several institutional investors to review their 'Underweight' or 'Sell' stance on the sector.
For instance, shares of Britannia, Emami, Nestle and Godrej Consumers have rallied up to 38% during the quarter.
Besides, many consumer companies are trading at a premium to their average P/E multiple of the past five years, as smart investors are paying higher premium to consumer stocks for their earnings visibility, steady cash flows, higher return ratios, strong balance sheets, and relatively low government intervention, say analysts.
"We are 'Neutral' on FMCG space, though companies with MNC background have performed exceedingly well. Investors were attracted by FMCG companies as many of them enjoy higher return on assets (RoE), stronger cash flows, quality management, and better corporate governance," said Sampath Reddy, chief investment officer at Bajaj Allianz. "In addition, investors have realised that a shift to the FMCG space is a better bet than cyclical stocks, as there is still some time away for the economic recovery to pick up."
The BSE FMCG Index has risen nearly 14% in the past three months, outperforming the Sensex, which gained 4.8% during the same period. In the FMCG space, Britannia rallied the most during this period with gains of 38.8%, followed by Emami with 35.6% gains and Nestle with 25.3% gains.
"We have upgraded our stance on the FMCG space to 'Marketweight' from 'Underweight', as consumer sentiment has turned positive. With the festive season coming and monsoon only 12% below average, the demand is expected to remain buoyant," said Nirakar Pradhan, chief investment officer, Future Generali.
FMCG companies such as Hindustan Unilever, Britannia and Godrej Consumers are trading at expensive valuations, as most of them have P/E multiple valuation of over 40 times based on trailing 12-months earnings.
Analysts expect improved consumption growth, easing input costs, and benign competition in the FMCG sector over the next 12 months, which is expected to boost revenue and margins.
"We believe that valuations of consumer companies are rich, and the risk-reward ratio is still not attractive. However, we are positively biased towards discretionary names like Jubilant Food and Titan, which are wellpositioned to benefit from recovery in urban demand, while among staples, we prefer ITC, Marico, and Britannia," said Varun Lohchab, an analyst with CIMB .
Premium consumer products, which account for about 28% of the industry's revenues, are expected see revival with rise in urban demand, thus aiding margins for FMCG companies.
The likely beneficiaries, according to analysts, will be companies operating in categories like personal care, detergents and biscuits.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apple s iOS 8 causing Bluetooth connectivity issues: Report32
0
Bangalore: Apple's new mobile operating system iOS8 is causing significant issues for some users who connect their phones to cars via Bluetooth, reports Apple news blog MacRumors, citing reports on Apple's Support forums and its own user forums.
It appears that following an upgrade to iOS 8, or after purchasing a new iPhone 6 or 6 Plus, users seem to be having trouble pairing their phones to their car audio systems, MacRumors posted in a blog.
Several issues faced by users include the devices refusing to pair entirely, neglecting to play audio over the speakers, or disconnecting when a call comes in.
It appears that following an upgrade to iOS 8, users seem to be having trouble pairing their phones to their car audio systems, says a report.
#apple #ios 8 #bluetooth #connectivity issues
The Bluetooth pairing problems are not just limited to cars, as iOS 8 users have also reported issues pairing their devices with headphones, speakers, headsets and more.
MacRumors had also posted on Monday that a bug in iOS 8's 'Reset All Settings' option could erase iCloud drive documents, citing user reports.
Apple has been plagued by problems following the September release of its iPhones and iOS8, with iPhone 6 Plus buyers discovering their phones can bend when placed in back pockets, and the company pulling a botched iOS8 update after reports of dropped cellular service.
Apple could not be immediately reached for comment.
192

PM Narendra Modi wields a broom  launches Swachh Bharat campaignE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Tescos 250-mn-pound black hole: Who was minding the shopTesco’s 250-mn-pound black hole: Who was minding the shop?
Reuters
Tweet
London, Oct 2:  
"Things are always unnoticed, until they're noticed," Tesco Chairman Richard Broadbent said when asked how Britain's biggest retailer had failed to spot a 250 million pound ($410 million) sized hole in its first-half profits.
It was an oversight that led to a 4 billion pound drop in Tesco's market value and the suspension of four senior executives. The newly installed CEO called in forensic accountants and lawyers to find out what went wrong.
Whether conspiracy or cock-up, the scandal raises doubts over the management and financial oversight at Britain's largest private sector employer, now in the midst of the gravest crisis in its 95-year history.
"That whole finance organisation must be in a world of hurt given what has gone on. The rigour and analysis and the focus seems to have fallen away a little bit," one former UK Tesco director told Reuters on condition of anonymity due to the sensitivity of the subject.
Tesco had once appeared unstoppable, boasting two decades of uninterrupted earnings growth as it bulldozed its way to dominance. Things began to go wrong in 2011.
It has now issued three profit warnings in two months with the latest causing the most alarm - the overstatement of its half-year profit forecast by 250 million pounds due to the early recognition of payments by suppliers and the pushing back of costs.
Investors, analysts and some former employees are questioning whether an aggressive culture influenced the way the company handled its finances - especially when trading slowed - and perhaps prevented staff from coming forward to warn that the numbers no longer stacked up.
Tesco has declined to comment on what may have happened until a review has been completed but chairman Broadbent has described it as "something completely out of the ordinary".
The revelation has also sparked scrutiny of the upper echelons of the company. The senior executives who ran Tesco during its glory years of the 1990s and 2000s have all left and the board lacks retail experience.
"The chairman has been the leader of this organisation that seems to have failed at every turn," said David Herro of large Tescon investor Harris Associates.
Four former senior Tesco executives have told Reuters that during the 2011-2014 CEO tenure of Phil Clarke, he repeatedly clashed with directors, who found him reluctant to take advice. During that time four of the company's most senior executives quit, taking a combined 109 years of experience with them.
Clarke has declined to comment on his management style but defenders of his record point out that he was battling the most difficult market conditions in decades.
The company's head of digital told a conference this week Tesco was too big and complex to be run by "one general".
WHO'S IN CHARGE?
People outside the company have many questions - not least who has been signing off on profit forecasts in the last three months which turned out, quickly, to be wrong.
By the time the group issued the second of its recent profit warnings on August 29, Clarke, a 40-year Tesco veteran, was technically still CEO but was working his notice while Laurie McIlwee, the firm's chief financial officer since 2009, had quit on April 4. McIlwee declined to comment for this article.
"It seems unbelievable that a retailing colossus like Tesco should not have a full-time finance director," said Adrian Bailey, head of parliament's business committee.
Tesco's finance function had been further weakened in June when Mike Iddon quit as Tesco's group finance director, planning, treasury and tax.
Tesco says that after McIlwee's resignation on April 4 it set up a group of senior finance personnel, reporting directly to Clarke. However the company has declined to say who was in that group and Clarke was himself working down his notice.
"What was the board's scrutiny of the (second) profit warning (on Aug 29) and numbers that they put out, because you would expect it to be extreme?" asked one retail audit committee chairman, in reference to the profit downgrade and 75 percent cut to Tesco's interim dividend.
"If you're a non-executive director and you're being asked to put out those kind of profound numbers and you've got no finance director and you've got no CEO to stand beside them, how do you know they're right?"
OVERLY AMBITIOUS
Tesco said the 250 million pound overstatement principally related to its supplier contracts within the food business of its UK division - its home market which generated 48.2 billion pounds of revenue in 2013-14.
People familiar with how Tesco operates said it had been overly ambitious when predicting sales. As they then slowed, the cash rebates paid out by suppliers as incentives also dropped.
Tesco has declined to comment but said it is investigating the accounts. New CEO Dave Lewis has told staff the firm's culture needs to change.
The former UK Tesco director believes the accounting mistake could have come about due to the combination of a loss of experience in the finance department and the fact that the business is now shrinking.
"You had a business that used to be growing and had algorithms that worked," the former director said. "When the business is flat to declining and you don't really know how much you're declining by, you can get that wrong very quickly."
During two decades of uninterrupted growth Tesco had rarely made a mistake with its numbers - it issued its first profit warning in living memory in 2012 as the competition ramped up.
However, analysts and shareholders have more recently raised concerns that Clarke and his colleagues had instilled a more aggressive approach as pressure to revive the business increased.
Bernstein analyst Bruno Monteyne, who was previously a supply chain director of Tesco Asia, said managers - possibly under pressure to improve earnings - might have brought forward promotions and the right to book supplier rebates.
Tesco declined to comment.
Cantor analyst Mike Dennis, who last year questioned how the company could be maintaining its trading margin at a time of falling sales and rising costs, noted that staff had been incentivised via share schemes to maintain the measure.
PwC Tesco's auditors since 1983, had highlighted the rebate issue in its 2013-14 report as an "area of focus" due to the "risk of manipulation". Broadbent says Tesco's finance function was "working well with considerable oversight".
THIN ON TOP
Analysts and investors have pointed out that the board is now very thin on retail experience. Broadbent, chairman for almost three years, was a former public official and banker.
Others on the board have experience in telecoms, media, finance and cars, while Patrick Cescau, the board's senior independent director, is a former chairman of Unilever, one of Tesco's biggest suppliers.
"In a situation such as this, the buck stops at the board," said Guy Jubb, head of governance and stewardship at Tesco investor Standard Life Investments.
Having drafted in the replacements for Clarke and McIlwee earlier than expected, the board now has two executive directors in the form of new CEO Lewis from Unilever and CFO Alan Stewart, formerly of Marks & Spencer. Stewart was appointed during the time of former CEO Clarke.
Tesco declined to comment on the retail experience of its board, or on who was involved in the planning of the Aug. 29 statement. Trading statements do not have to be checked by an external accounting firm.
But the numbers are now being pored over.
A swathe of managers have had to hand in their laptops and phones as part of the internal probe and Britain's Serious Fraud Office has said it is watching events closely.
The country's financial regulator, the Financial Conduct Authority, has launched a full investigation and lawmakers are also considering whether to grill past and present executives over the error.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Dubai s Emaar Malls may rise on listing after strong IPO demandDubai's Emaar Malls may rise on listing after strong IPO demand
Reuters
Tweet
DUBAI, Oct 2:  
Dubai mall operator Emaar Malls Group (EMG) will start trading on the emirate's main stock exchange on Thursday and looks likely to gain after its initial public offer last month was heavily oversubscribed.
EMG, a subsidiary of Emaar Properties, sold 15.4 per cent of its stock at 2.9 dirhams per share to institutional and retail investors last month. The total amount raised of 5.8 billion dirhams ($1.6 billion) made it the largest share sale in the Gulf region since 2008.
The portion of shares allocated to institutional investors was covered more than 30 times by orders from 470 accounts, while retail investors submitted orders worth over 20 times the amount of shares available to them.
EMG is due to return the extra funds to investors no later than Thursday and some of that money is likely to come back to the market.
"The pre-market indication is that it's going to trade at 3.00 (dirhams) and up," said a UAE-based analyst. "The reason for that is that some of the retail investors bought shares with borrowed money and are factoring in their costs."
It will also be the second stock listing on the Dubai bourse in just over a week, following a five-year hiatus, after Marka debuted on Sept. 25.
That IPO - albeit only worth 275 million dirhams - was hugely oversubscribed by investors as well, and the shares jumped 59 per cent on its first trading day as pent-up demand pushed the price higher.
National Commercial Bank IPO
Elsewhere in the region, investors in Saudi Arabia are likely to continue preparing for an even larger IPO. National Commercial Bank, the kingdom's biggest lender by assets, plans to raise 22.5 billion riyals ($6.0 billion) through a share sale this month.
The bank said in a bourse statement it would sell 300 million shares to Saudi individual investors and 200 million shares to the state-run Public Pension Agency at 45 riyals apiece. Subscription for the IPO will open on Oct. 19 and close on Nov. 2.
Stock exchanges across the Middle East will close for the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Adha next week, although some markets will reopen earlier than others.
Bourses in Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Kuwait and Oman will close for the whole week starting Oct. 5 and trading will resume on Oct. 12. Stock exchanges in Bahrain and Egypt will be closed between Oct. 5 and Oct. 7 inclusive, while markets in the United Arab Emirates will shut down for Oct. 5 and Oct. 6.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Suicide attack in Afghanistan kills3Print
Associated Press | Kabul | Posted: October 2, 2014 11:57 am
Officials say that a suicide bomber has killed three army officers and wounded seven others in Kabul, a day after two such attacks killed 11.
A district police chief, Hafeiz Khan, said the suicide bomber blew himself up Thursday morning in front of an army minibus that was taking the soldiers to work.
Taliban spokesman Zabiullha Mhujahid sent a text message taking responsibility for the attack.
On Wednesday, Taliban suicide bombers struck two buses carrying Afghan soldiers in Kabul, killing 11 people and wounding about 20 others.

Dhakis face uncertain future in West BengalOct 02, 2014 at 11:42am IST
Dhakis face uncertain future in West Bengal
9
0
Kolkata: 'Dhakis' are integral to almost all festivities in Bengal but the art of playing the huge barrel-shaped membranophone instrument is dying a slow death.
Most of the 'dhakis' or men who play the 'dhak' hail from humble rural backgrounds of Murshidabad, Hooghly, Malda, Bankura, Malda and Purulia districts of the state.
Few are farmers and masons while others are into odd jobs for the rest of the year and wait for the festive season when they can earn some extra money.
There is a dip in the demand for dhakis which is leading to a slow death of the popular art.
#dhakis #west bengal #durga puja #murshidabad
"It was started by our forefathers. But it became their livelihood and continued to be so for a long long time until today when things have changed for the worse," 34-year-old Tapas Das, a 'dhaki' from Murshidabad said.
Das is a weaver by profession and he along with four members of his family has come to the city to play during the Durga puja festivities.
"You will not survive just by playing the dhak. My father understood this and started weaving sarees. He would play the 'dhak' at Durga Puja in Kolkata to earn some extra money. I am only following his footsteps," Das, who has been hired to perform at a renowned Durga Puja in the southern part of the city, said.
However, there are others for whom the passion to play the 'dhak' and be appreciated is what draws them here during the Durga Pujas.
"It's not only to earn some extra money that we come here. Playing the dhak is in our blood which prompts us come here," says Palash Dey from Hooghly.
Generally, four to five 'dhakis' (at times eight to ten) form a team to perform at Durga Puja pandals and get a remuneration of around Rs 20000 to a maximum of Rs 30,000 for the four days of the festival.
But with the budget for the community pujas tightly drawn up, there is a dip in the demand for dhakis which is leading to a slow death of the popular art.
1

Amazon to sell packaged food and beverages in India from mid-October: Report34
2
Bangalore: Online retailer Amazon.com Inc plans to sell packaged food and beverages in India from mid-October, the Economic Times reported, citing a person familiar with the matter.
Amazon, which has already started accepting bookings for Coco-Cola Zero - the beverage's low-calorie variant, will eventually start selling fresh food in India, the ET said.
Amazon is already in talks with brands like Kelloggs and Cornitos, the paper said.
Amazon has already started accepting bookings for Coco-Cola Zero - the beverage's low-calorie variant.
#amazon #online shopping #internet #e commerce
Amazon India did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Amazon, which opened its Indian website last June, has drawn up the battle lines by slashing prices, launching same-day delivery, adding new product categories and embarking on a high-voltage advertisement campaign.
In July, Amazon said it will invest a further $2 billion in India after the country's largest e-tailer Flipkart attracted $1 billion of fresh funds, raising the stakes in a nascent but fast-growing e-commerce sector.
10

Everything you need to know about PM Modis Clean IndiacampaignPrime Minister Narendra Modi made a brief visit to the memorial at Rajghat (Source: Express photo by: Anil Sharma)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 12:51 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 1:13 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday wielded a broom to launch his pet ‘Swachh Bharat’ mission, a cleanliness drive across India, on the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti. About 31 lakh central government employees working across the country will take a pledge of cleanliness in various public functions on Thursday as part of the Narendra Modi administration’s ‘Clean India’ campaign.
Here are a few stories you should read on Modi’s ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan’:
 
1. Rare Gandhi footage
A man cleaning the statue of Gandhi.
A four-minute film showing rare footage of Mahatma Gandhi and his ideas on cleanliness is likely to be aired during the launch of the Swachh Bharat mission by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on October 2.
READ: Rare Gandhi footage to help launch clean India campaign
2. PM Modi’s ‘Clean India’ campaign launched
Union Minister for Mines, Steel and Labour & Employment, Narendra Singh Tomar launching the ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’ at ESIC Hospital in Rohini in New Delhi on Monday. (Source: PTI)
Lakhs of state government employees have been asked to be part of this massive drive which will be launched by the Prime Minister in New Delhi on Thursday.
 
3. Opinion – Yogendra Yadav
Heavy Industries Minister Anant Geete at a cleanliness drive at Udyog Bhavan in New Delhi on Wednesday. Source: Prem Nath Pandey
The real question is not why government wants to push the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, but what it wants to pack into this campaign and how it will approach the issue.
READ: A sarkari campaign about us
4. ‘Clean India’ campaign
Prime Minister Narendra Modi wields a broom with NDMC workers to launch ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’ in Valmiki Basti in New Delhi on Thursday. The nationwide campaign aims to clean up India in five years. (Source: PTI)
The Centre has asked state governments to organise walkathons and marathons, painting competitions and kite-flying events to create awareness on Swachchha Bharat Abhiyan, the nationwide sanitation drive.
 
5. Opinion – V. Kurian Baby
Prime Minister Narendra Modi dumps the garbage into a bin during the launch of ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’ in Valmiki Basti in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi deviated from convention and made sanitation a central theme of his Independence Day speech, making it a political priority, and Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, launched today, aims to make the country open defecation-free by 2019.
6. Swachh Bharat campaign through social media
Narendra Modi offers tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on Gandhi Jayanti. (Source: Indian Express)
A “clean India challenge”, almost on the lines of the ALS ice bucket challenge that went viral across the world recently, may unfold itself across social media platforms on Thursday. And the first person to take up the challenge may be none other than Prime Minister Narendra Modi himself.

With Schools shut in Srinagar  future of thousands hang inbalanceIn this Wednesday, Oct. 1, 2014 photo, school buses washed away by severe flooding lie inside the compound of a residential house in Srinagar, India. (Source: AP)
Written by Adil Akhzer | Srinagar | Posted: October 2, 2014 12:44 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 12:53 pm
With the J-K government undecided on reopening of schools after the devastating floods that hit the Srinagar city and other parts of Kashmir Valley, future of thousands of students enrolled in various private and government schools in the city hangs in balance.
Valley’s elite schools including Burn-Hall, Presentation Convent, Tyndale Biscoe, Iqbal Memorial and Delhi Public School are still closed and with no direction from the government, students are in dilemma. The state government had already postponed the 10th and 12th standard examinations after the flood marooned the Srinagar city.
Junaid Ahmad, 18, a 12th standard student form Tyndale Biscoe School in Srinagar says that the career of thousands of students is at stake. “Government should do something about our education,” he said. “Our exams are approaching and many of the students don’t even have books as they were washed away by the flood waters.”
Even though water level has receded, the process of cleaning the major schools in the city is yet to be started. The Lower primary department (LPD) of the Burn Hall School — one of the few Christian Missionary schools in Kashmir is still covered in mud and slush.
On Monday, Private Schools United Front (PSUF) — a body of private schools in Kashmir — said that schools have incurred a loss of around Rs 3,000 crore to Rs 4,000 crores in the floods. “There is no clear direction to the private schools what to do,” G N Var, General Secretary of PSUF said. “In next two days if government will not come with the directions, we will issue our own directions.”
Students of the Burn Hall School say that they have heard that hundreds of their practical copies of 10 standard to be shown in the upcoming board examination are lost in the flood. The students say that they are now confused about the exams and commencement of classes.
“One of my teacher informed me that my practical copy that I had submitted to the school is washed away by the flood water,” Irfan Ahmad, a student said. “I am worried about my exams now.”
Director School Education Kashmir Tariq Ali told The Indian Express that the school administration would have to get a clearance certificate from Roads & Building Department to start the classes. “Safety of the students is the first priority,” he said. “Many schools have been reopened after the floods have got the clearance certificate from the concern department.”

Tata Motors  report for September 2014Oct 02, 2014, 12.27 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Tata Motors' report for September 2014
Tata Motors has submitted the information on production, sales and exports of the company, released to the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM) which is self explanatory.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tata Motors' report for September 2014
Tata Motors has submitted the information on production, sales and exports of the company, released to the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM) which is self explanatory.
Post your opinion here
 
Tata Motors Ltd has submitted to BSE the information on production, sales and exports of the Company, released to the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM) which is self explanatory.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Tata Steel: Outcome of AGMOct 02, 2014, 12.26 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Tata Steel: Outcome of AGM
Tata Steel has informed about the minutes of the 107th annual general meeting (AGM) of the company held on August 14, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tata Steel: Outcome of AGM
Tata Steel has informed about the minutes of the 107th annual general meeting (AGM) of the company held on August 14, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Tata Steel Ltd has informed BSE about the Minutes of the 107th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 14, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Unitech: Outcome of AGMOct 02, 2014, 12.25 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Unitech: Outcome of AGM
Unitech has informed that the 43rd annual general meeting (AGM) of the company was held on September 26, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Unitech: Outcome of AGM
Unitech has informed that the 43rd annual general meeting (AGM) of the company was held on September 26, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Unitech Ltd has informed BSE that the 43rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 26, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Gandhiji: The man who knew the pulse of IndiaGandhiji: The man who knew the pulse of India
FITCH PREDICTS 5.6 PER CENT GROWTHFITCH PREDICTS 5.6 PER CENT GROWTH
Maruti  Hyundai  Honda post strong sales in SeptMaruti  Hyundai  Honda post strong sales in Sept
Mary Kom Lifts India s Spirits with Gold as Sarita Devi Refuses her BronzeMary Kom Lifts India s Spirits with Gold as Sarita Devi Refuses her Bronze
Jet Airways  brand new strategies to fly in the blackHi Guest
Jet Airways' brand new strategies to fly in the black
For Jet Airways, operating environment has remained tough and competition has intensified, resulting in Jet losing passengers and market share.   Image: Jet Airways Chairman Naresh Goyal (L) and James Hogan (R) of United Arab Emirates Etihad Airways shake hands. Photographs: Punit Paranjpe/Reuters  The past year and a half has been tumultuous for Jet Airways. It saw Etihad's investment, a record annual loss (2013-14) of Rs 4,129 crore (Rs 41.29 billion) and a nearly 60 per cent drop in its ...

Nation pays homage to Mahatma Gandhi on birth anniversaryNation pays homage to Mahatma Gandhi on birth anniversary
Europes bourses slip ahead of ECB© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fe8314f2-49e2-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinese media taunts Narendra Modi with US comments  says  India not big enoughE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bezos  Nadella  now Zuckerberg: US comes to IndiaAmaon
(Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg may…)
NEW DELHI: Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg will be visiting India this month and will most likely meet in this country one of the biggest fans (and user) of the social networking phenomenon he has created — Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
Zuckerberg's visit to India, Facebook's fastest-growing market, will mark a hat-trick of India visits by high-profile CEOs of American corporations in a fortnight. Amazon founder Jeff Bezos and Microsoft boss Satya Nadella are already in the country now.
Communications Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad confirmed to ETthat Zuckerberg, one of the world's youngest billionaires with a personal wealth estimated at $33 billion, has sought meetings with the prime minister and other senior ministers between October 9 and 10.
Second Facebook honcho to visit India
The minister declined to share more details of the meetings, but Facebook is widely tipped to be partnering the government in Swachh Bharat, one of Modi's pet initiatives aimed at improving cleanliness levels across the country.
A spokesman for Facebook India declined comment on the visit as well as the proposed partnership. Zuckerberg, 30, will be the second top executive from Facebook to come calling since the Modi government was sworn into power.
In July, Facebook's Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg visited the country and also met Modi, who was among the early Indian politicians to effectively use the power of social networks first during the election campaign and later even in government.
Modi has alluded to the power of Facebook and Twitter, another social networking tool he uses regularly, in his speeches, most recently in one of his public speeches in the US.
When Modi met Sandberg in July, he had suggested the use of Facebook for improving governance, better interaction between people and government, and to attract more tourists to India. He had also spoken to her on how Facebook could assist India in his drive to improve cleanliness. Modi will launch a Swachh Bharat campaign in Delhi on October 2 and the government plans to propagate the massive project through a social media outreach programme on Facebook.
Zuckerberg's visit will not be all about schmoozing with the government. Another person familiar with the visit said Zuckerberg will speak at the Facebook-promoted Internet.org's Content and Usability Summit, which is being held in Delhi. The summit aims to focus on accelerating the creation and consumption of locally relevant content and value-added services in India, according to an invitation sent out by Internet.org.
India is an important market for the social networking company. According to market research firm eMarketer, India is the company's second-biggest market after the US in terms of the number of users. India, however, will account for the fastest growth — 40% — in people logging on to the social networking platform in 2014. The number of users in India will touch 108.9 million by the end of the year compared with 77.8 million in 2013 — almost 10% of the Indian population and mostly young people.
The Modi government is also tying up with the charity foundation of Microsoft founder Bill Gates, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, which will share its R&D experience and also transfer technology to build cost-effective toilets across the country.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Narendra Modis CEO diplomacy to soon set the cash register ringingNarendra Modi
(While several American…)
NEW YORK | WASHINGTON: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's breakfast diplomacy with 17 top US CEOs, presiding over ten trillion dollars in assets or revenues, would soon set the cash registers ringing at India's FDI front-desk.
Laurence D Fink, CEO at one of the world's largest investment management firms, BlackRock which oversees $4.32 trillion in assets, assured the prime minister that the firm could facilitate investments worth over $6 billion into the country by early next year. One of the CEOs who met the PM minutes before Fink, told Modi that his firm is looking to invest over half a billion dollars 'in a short while' to set up a big manufacturing facility in India for injectable drugs.
Some of the chief executives talked at length about wanting to invest in India's food chain and agriculture-related sectors, according to officials present at the meeting while others were eager to invest in infrastructure and energy and sought clarity from the PM on the way forward after the Supreme Court's judgement on coal block allocations.
"The general sentiment was that India is back on CEOs' global investment radar, they had dusted off their India dossiers and done their homework before meeting the PM and discussing specific concerns," said Ajay Banga, president and CEO of Mastercard, who attended the breakfast meeting along with the likes of PepsiCo chief Indra Nooyi and Citibank chief executive Michael Corbat.
While the PM met top bosses from 11 large Fortune 500 firms over the breakfast meet (where he himself didn't eat owing to his Navratra fast) on Monday, he met Fink and other large investors like KKR and Goldman Sachs in one-on-one meetings that lasted 20 to 25 minutes each.
"The responses of most of those present were very enthusiastic. One of the CEOs said that India was a different place at 6 am the day following the election results and there is a great desire now to participate in India's growth," said the official spokesperson for the foreign ministry.
"There were others who said they wanted accelerated engagement in India and some said that they had capacities to create wealth from waste in areas like energy and solid waste," the spokesperson said.
BlackRock offered to work with the Indian government and host a major investment conference in India early next year to be attended by major investors from all across the globe, which is likely to become an annual affair.
"BlackRock (CEO) told the PM that based on their experience of similar conferences in the past, the first effort would yield investment opportunities of something in the vicinity of $6 billion, if they worked towards it over the next few months," the spokesperson said.
While several CEOs raised concerns about specific issues that worry them about investing in the country, the PM's articulate and sharp responses on those allayed most of those, said Banga.
On their biggest concern of India's unpredictable tax regime, the PM assured CEOs that he was committed to a stable tax regime and it was his conviction that this was necessary for investments to flow.
Pharma sector CEOs such as Merck's Kenneth Frazier and Hospira's Michael Ball are learnt to have flagged their apprehensions about India's intellectual property regime. While responding to their specific worries, the PM raised the discussion to a whole new level, according to Banga.
"I understand that you want to be compensated for your investments in R&D. At the same time, India needs medicines that are affordable for its population," the PM is understood to have said, stressing that this is not just about India but the entire world that is grappling with new diseases. "Mankind needs continuous research and development of new drugs for a higher quality of life.
You need to be able to devote the right energy to that, not just by changing the formulation of a drug to sustain a patent, but by inventing things that make a difference to mankind," Modi told them.
The foreign ministry spokesperson said that the PM also set to rest worries about India's energy sector expressed by some prospective investors, especially in the light of the Supreme Court verdict to scrap all allocations made in the past two decades.
FEATURED ARTICLES

I m very hopeful & optimistic of what we could do in India: Satya Nadella  CEO MicrosoftCognizant
(It’s a very different…)
Satya Nadella, chief executive of Microsoft, chaired the ET Jury that shortlisted the winners for the ET Awards. Nadella told ET in an interview later that he is "hopeful and optimistic" about India and wants to do a lot of partnerships in order to foster growth that's driven by technology and technology innovations. Just as he agreed for an interview, Arundhati Bhattacharya, chairman of State Bank of India, sought him out for a tete-a-tete. It lasted for almost half an hour, and provoked our first question. Edited excerpts:
Did ET incubate a new partnership between Microsoft and SBI?
(Laughs) They (SBI) are a long-term customer of ours. We do a lot (of business) with them. We are using the advantage of being in this meeting with her to catch up.
While you are here with us, US CEOs are meeting the Indian Prime Minister...
I know. I did have one of my colleagues to attend the meeting. He was very enthused with the meeting. Mr Modi had a good tour so far. But, I've a chance to meet some of his Cabinet colleagues tomorrow.
What's the important thing you have discovered that you want to change in Microsoft?
See, for me the key thing for Microsoft is to focus and excel on something that we only can do. So, if you look at everything that I've talked about in terms of our core, it is around productivity and platforms. That's our DNA. What I mean by that is you got to express it in new ways. You got to express it to a world that is mobile first and cloud first. So, we want to go after that.
When I say mobile first, I've a much broader definition then one found with a set of apps which is measured today. It is really the mobility of the individual. I'm in my living room I then walk out and I get into my car and then I get to work, I'm in a conference. It's about experiences that really come alive as you move as opposed to one device. I think, those are kinds of things that Microsoft can do.
Social media has become very big. What role can Microsoft play in this area?
Multiple ways. First of all, I think take the idea of just what Facebook does, apply it even in the context of corporate scenario. We just launched a product called Delve, which is a fascinating product. With Delve, you know what your colleagues are working on, what presentations they are creating, what presentations are they seeing and what spreadsheets are they doing. So it's a very different way for you to discover the knowledge and the artefacts inside your enterprise. That's the unique thing that we can do.
Is it going to be a lot more enterprise focused?
To me, the boundary of what is enterprise for us is someone else's consumer. For example, whenever we produce solutions we are the one company that is going to have a lot of consumer-facing assets. We are going to have Bing, we are going to have Xbox and we are going to do Outlook which is going to be available for anybody. We are the only company that takes the technology and the assets that we have grown because of our consumer-facing assets and give it to a bank, a retailer, a manufacturer - because they also have consumer-facing scenarios and consumer-facing processes. To me, that's the uniqueness.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been talking about technology and e-governance. What is it that Microsoft can contribute?
A lot of e-governance citizen services across law enforcement to energy and any one of these areas start with a framework for how does one built out the infrastructure to be able to support the variety of applications... We have an initiative called CityNext, which is very very successful. We've implemented it in the city of Barcelona.
We have this in Beijing and now we would love to bring what is I would say a framework and a set of technology that is world-class. We would like to do a lot of different smart-city initiatives. Now, of course, every city is different. It is not about ripping and replacing the existing city's infrastructure. It is augmenting it and adapting it using this framework. Even, for example, how one has a sense of framework within the traffic grid to be able to convert that into traffic information.
The same information law enforcement uses in order to have a fast response. Those are the kinds of things that Microsoft can be super helpful. Because at the end of the day I believe technology is an enabler. What drives societies forward, cities forward, government's forward is the ingenuity of its leaders and its people, and technology can help. For me, Microsoft's identity is not about packaging it all up and giving one solution. It is about enabling the other organisations. That's the core of what we do.
 
How do you see the e-commerce boom pan out in India? You judged a few of them. Is it a bubble?

Under Armour Co-Founder  Former NFL Player Sells Ranchunder armour co-founder  former nfl player sells ranch
No bias towards either raising or cutting ratesRBI not biased towards either raising or cutting rates, says Raghuram Rajan
Swati Bhat        Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 15:55 IST
RBI governor Raghuram Rajan.
The Reserve Bank of India is not biased towards either raising or cutting interest rates, and its monetary policy stance will depend only on inflation data, Governor Raghuram Rajan told analysts in a conference call on Wednesday.
"As data comes in we will have a better view of what is happening and adjust accordingly, so I shouldn't assume that we're either biased towards raising rates or cutting rates at this point," Rajan said.
The RBI kept its key policy repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent on Tuesday and said it will refrain from cutting interest rates until it is confident that consumer inflation can be reduced to a target of 6 per cent by January 2016.
(Reuters)

Broom with a view: Why we need Clean India campaignComments
When Prime Minister Narendra Modi takes up the broom on Gandhi Jayanti, he will drive forward the “Swachh Bharat” campaign and go for a goal that has eluded successive governments.
A combo photo of union ministers Smriti Irani, Ravi Shankar Prasad, Uma Bharti and Rajnath Singh lending a helping hand to the Clean India campaign. (HT Photo)
Modi making cleaning India one of his priorities has accordingly catapulted the big problem areas of lack of toilets and open defecation to the forefront of policy making in India.
Additionally, it has also underlined the failure of country’s sanitation programmes.
Nearly three decades after the first efforts were made in this direction, when the government launched central rural sanitation programme in 1986, and 15 years after a more focused campaign to build toilets was made in the form of Total Sanitation Campaign (TSC) in 1999, the results have been abysmal.
According to Census 2011, 67% of the rural households and 13% of the urban households defecate in the open. A global comparison is not too flattering either. India accounts for 60% of those who practice open defecation.
Read: 15 diseases India can stamp out by improving sanitation
So, what ails our sanitation programmes?
According to a survey by non-governmental organisation Research Institute of Compassionate Economics, 40% of households that have a working latrine have at least one person who regularly defecates in the open.
Again less than half of people who have a government latrine use it regularly and half of people who defecate in the open say that they do so because it is pleasurable, comfortable and convenient.
The report suggests the problem is with people’s sanitation preferences and it is these preferences that need to be moulded along with the task of building toilets.
“The survey sheds light on why years of government policy focused on latrine construction have done so little to reduce open defecation.  Simply building toilets and latrines does not change people’s minds about using them.
“New policies must focus on creating demand for toilet and latrine use rather than building toilets that few people, other than the contractors who are paid to build them, actually want,” the report published in June said.
Read: No dirty business: there is profit in toilets
The problems with the flagship TSC, which doles out Rs. 10,500 per household for building toilets, was flagged by the World Bank in 2010 when it questioned the sustainability of the Nirmal Gram Puraskar (NGP), a cash incentive (Rs 50,000 to 50 lakh) under the campaign to encourage villages go 'open defecation free' (ODF).
“Studies on NGP sustainability showed that only 73% have access to toilets in NGP villages, while usage of household toilets is low at 67%,” said the report.
The report underlined that while villages do achieve the ODF status, lured by the cash incentive, they fail to sustain it because the toilets states subsidise lie unused with people going back to defecating in the open.
Modi’s emphasis on toilets has jolted the government into taking some corrective steps. It has not only stepped up the efforts at building toilets it has also asked the states to go for behavioural changes in rural population through coordinated effort of different departments and ministries.
"One of the biggest challenges in making the country ODF is triggering behavioural change in the population to accept the need for building and using toilets. A large number of people amongst the Indian population are still unconvinced of the need to build toilets in their home,” the rural development ministry wrote to all the states in August.
Read: Government to seek seers' nod for 'green cremations' on Ganga banks
"In this connection coordinated effort by all the departments of the state governments that have interface with the rural population is required," the ministry’s letter stated.
Bindeshwar Pathak, founder of Sulabh Sanitation and Social Reform Movement, is hopeful of the government’s move yielding results.
The man who has been involved in the field of sanitation for years said Indians were clean as individuals but had "nasty habits" as a community.
"People spit betel juice, throw waste on roads, women at times throw household waste near their homes, shopkeepers dump garbage on roads after closing their establishments," Pathak told IANS.

CPI-M warns Narendra Modi against sending Indian troops to fight Islamic StateE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Be a source of energy for others: Microsoft CEO Satya Nadellas lesson for the youth of IndiaHome
Tech
Be a source of energy for others: Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella’s lesson for the youth of India
Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 30 2014, 19:51  IST
Sep 30 2014, 19:51  IST
 

Mahindra Mahindra launches 110-cc scooter Gusto  prices start at Rs 43 000E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Demand dip slows manufacturing to nine-month low in SeptemberDemand dip slows manufacturing to nine-month low in September
Shishir Sinha
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 1:  
Manufacturing sector activity in September grew at its slowest pace in nine months due to weaker output because of tepid domestic demand. This is even as the operating conditions improved for the ninth month in a row.
HSBC’s Purchasing Manager Index (PMI) dropping to a nine-month low of 51 in September comes close on heels of the Government announcing the ‘Make in India’ campaign to turn the country into the factory for the world.
“Manufacturing activity continues to slow amid weaker output and new order flows. Responding to the slowdown, firms lowered purchases and trimmed inventories,” said Fredric Naumann, Co-Head of Asian Economic Research at HSBC. On the positive side, he added that the rate of cost inflation decelerated sharply and output prices were unchanged.
According to the HSBC survey, exports have picked up. It said that the operating condition has improved for the eleventh month in succession.
The PMI is a measure of factory production and is based on data compiled from replies to questionnaires sent to purchasing executives every month in around 500 manufacturing companies. An index above 50 shows expansion, while below 50 indicates a contraction.
Rohini Malkani, Economist with Citigroup India, said that while there is cyclical and sentiment boost, the road to recovery will be far from smooth.
“Going forward, we see a steady improvement in both investment demand on Government efforts (PMG or Project Management Group initiatives, Make in India campaign, environmental clearances) and consumption demand (festival season), and thus maintain our fiscal 2015 GDP estimate of 5.6 per cent,” she said.
Sonal Varma and Aman Mohunta of Nomura said that PMI data indicate some moderation in domestic demand in September after the sharp rise during the May-August period.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Photos: When Modi was jeered in USCrime
Protests against Modi in US
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi received a rockstar-like reception at all the events he attended in the United States of America but protests outside Madison Square Garden, where he addressed Indian diaspora, and the one outside the White House, where he met US President Barack Obama, shows he still remains a controversial leader.
On September 29, several hundred anti-Modi protesters, mostly Americans of Indian descent, both Hindu and Muslim, gathered across the street from Madison Square Garden, chanting behind police barricades, "Modi, Modi, you can't hide, you committed genocide!"
The protesters outside the venue said the Indian leader failed to stop the anti-Muslim rioting as chief minister of Gujarat in 2002. Signs read "Modi, the fascist" and "Stop spreading hate in the name of Hinduism." (Agencies)
Gallery View:Protests against Modi in US
Yahoo India  Photo by AFP Wed 1 Oct, 2014
Latest News Galleries
Prev Next
Sikh men wave banners, demanding for the arrest of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi during a protest and a mock trial organized by rights group "Sikhs For Justice" at Lafayette Park, opposite the White House, where the Indian Prime Minister meets with US President Barack Obama in Washington, DC, on September 30, 2014. The protesters are accusing Mr. Modi and his political party of genocide against the Muslims population of Gujarat in 2002. AFP... more 
Sikh men wave banners, demanding for the arrest of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi during a protest and a mock trial organized by rights group "Sikhs For Justice" at Lafayette Park, opposite the White House, where the Indian Prime Minister meets with US President Barack Obama in Washington, DC, on September 30, 2014. The protesters are accusing Mr. Modi and his political party of genocide against the Muslims population of Gujarat in 2002. AFP PHOTO/MLADEN ANTONOV less 

http://usat.ly/1ueTrJFFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Basis unveils new Peak fitness tracker
Intel-owned fitness-band maker Basis is shifting into higher gear with a new device called Peak -- which it says improves on its built-in heart rate monitoring and, coming soon, will add basic smartwatch functionality.
Post to Facebook
Basis unveils new Peak fitness tracker Intel-owned fitness-band maker Basis is shifting into higher gear with a new device called Peak -- which it says improves on its built-in heart rate monitoring and, coming soon, will add basic smartwatch functionality. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/YLG6Md
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Basis unveils new Peak fitness tracker
Nancy Blair , USA TODAY 9:35 a.m. EDT September 30, 2014
Basis unveils a new fitness watch called Peak that measures activity, has a 4-day battery life and is water resistant.
The new Basis Peak.
148 CONNECT 107 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO – Intel-owned fitness-band maker Basis is shifting into higher gear with a new device called Peak — which it says improves on its built-in heart rate monitoring and, coming soon, will add basic smartwatch functionality.
The Basis Peak arrives in November for $199. It's a big update for Basis, which was acquired by Intel in March for an undisclosed price rumored to be in the $100-$150 million range.
In a crowded category, Basis has made its mark by going deeper with sensor technology. The new Peak tracks your heart rate whenever you're wearing it, without a chest strap, and also monitors other physiological data like perspiration and skin temperature. It also covers the basics: steps and other activity tracking, and sleep tracking and the like in an automated way. It can tell when you are walking, running, biking or sleeping without you having to adjust settings.
The new Peak band is a smart-looking monochrome touchscreen device that looks very much like a watch. Among key features are improved heart rate sensors on the back, battery life of up to four days and water resistance for swimming. It has a forged aluminum body and Gorilla Glass screen.
The new sensors on the Basis Peak.
(Photo: Basis)
It works with apps for Apple and Android devices.
I got a first look at Peak in a demo at USA TODAY's San Francisco bureau. Out of the gate, Peak looks and feels great. A future upgrade will add some smartphone notifications for incoming calls and texts. That could be key as fitness bands feel the heat from smartwatches hitting the market from tech heavyweights including Samsung, LG, Motorola, Sony and soon Apple.
In a recent report, research firm Canalys said shipments of "wearable" bands will grow to 43.2 million units in 2015, up 129% from this year. It divides the category into two segments – smart bands, which can run third-party applications, and basic bands, which don't.
Basic bands from Jawbone, Fitbit and others have a lower-price advantage for now, Canalys principal analyst Chris Jones said in the report.  Eventually, though, intensifying competition will drive prices down even further, threatening basic bands.
Basis is part of Intel's New Devices Group, run by Apple vet Michael Bell.
Once Peak launches, previous Basis bands will be supported but won't be available for purchase. As of Monday, the original Basis was available on the company's website for $149.
The new Peak can be pre-ordered at mybasis.com (existing customers), Amazon and Best Buy.
Follow Nancy Blair on Twitter: @nansanfran.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/YLG6Md
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Grand jury in Ferguson shooting is under investigation for misconductBy Kimberly Kindy October 1 Follow @kimberlykindy
The St. Louis County prosecutor’s office is investigating an accusation of misconduct on the grand jury that is hearing the case against the Ferguson police officer who shot and killed 18-year-old Michael Brown .
Ed Magee, the spokesman for county prosecutor Robert McCulloch, said they received the information from a “Twitter user” Wednesday morning.
“We are looking into the matter,” he said.
An account of possible jury misconduct surfaced Wednesday morning on Twitter, when several users sent messages about one juror who may have discussed evidence in the case with a friend.
In one of those messages, a person tweeted that they are friends with a member of the jury who doesn’t believe there is enough evidence to warrant an arrest of the officer, Darren Wilson.
The same person who tweeted about being friends with a member of the jury has also tweeted messages of support for Wilson.
Magee confirmed that information on the Twitter user and feed came from an activist, Shaun King.
Within seconds of posting this, her friends told her to delete it and she did. It was screenshotted first. pic.twitter.com/b6kTf9p40h
— Shaun King (@ShaunKing) October 1, 2014
The jury has been weighing evidence on the case since Aug. 20 , within days of the Aug. 9 shooting. McCulloch told The Washington Post last week that both the FBI and county police’s investigations into the shooting are “pretty much done.” He also said that jurors should be done hearing all the evidence by later this month, but they could meet through mid-November .
Grand jury proceedings are confidential and if there has been a breach, the prosecutor’s office may have to start over with a newly empaneled group.
Meanwhile, Ferguson is grappling with continuing protests amid the wait over whether Wilson will face charges.
The attorney for Brown’s family, Ben Crump, said the potential breach must be fully investigated.
“If this allegation is true and there is a member of the grand jury who is discussing the case with a Darren Wilson supporters the appropriate thing for the prosecutor to do is impanel a new grand jury,” Crump said in an interview Wednesday night. “If this person is discussing the case outside of the grand jury it is wholly inappropriate. It’s an issue of fairness for Michael Brown’s family.”
Reached on Wednesday evening, King told The Post that the potential link was further evidence that the current legal proceedings may be flawed.
“At a time where so many people in Ferguson already don’t believe that Prosecutor Bob McCulloch will take this case seriously, this potential leak is a disaster,” King said. “If it’s found to be true and the Grand Jury has to be dismantled, McCulloch should be taken off of the case immediately and replaced with a special prosecutor.”
Wesley Lowery contributed to this report.
The parents of Michael Brown, the black teenager fatally shot by a police officer in Ferguson, Mo., visited Washington to ask the federal government to take over the criminal investigation of his death. (Casey Capachi/The Washington Post)
Kimberly Kindy is a government accountability reporter at The Washington Post.

US visit: Narendra Modi emerges with goodwill  but little in way of concrete dealsUS visit: Narendra Modi emerges with goodwill, but little in way of concrete deals
New York Times | Washington | Updated:  Oct 02 2014, 10:09  IST
Oct 02 2014, 10:09  IST
 

PM launches  Swachh Bharat ; weilds a broom | CoveragePM Modi launches 'Swachh Bharat' campaign; takes pledge for a clean India
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 2, 2014, 10.05AM IST
Tags:
gandhi jayanti
(Wielding a broom, Prime…)
NEW DELHI: Reaching out the citizens, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday took the 'Swachh Bharat' pledge, inviting everyone to participate in the movement and make it a success. "Swachh Bharat mission is beyond politics. It is inspired by patriotism and not politics," Modi said.
Stating that he has invited nine people to join him in the mission, Modi said that these people should in turn contact another set o people to make the 'Swachh Bharat' campaign successful. "I have invited 9 people and asked them to come to public places and work towards a Clean India. I urge them to invite nine more people," Modi said. "I have invited Sachin Tendulkar, Shashi Tharoor, Anil Ambani, Salman Khan, Baba Ramdev, the team of 'Tarak Mehta Ka Oolta Chashma', among others," Modi added.
"Is cleaning only the responsibility of the Karamcharis? Do citizens have no role here? We have to change this mindset," Modi urged. "All governments have done something or the other to achieve cleanliness in the country; I greet all of them for this," Modi said.
Modi was joined by Bollywood actor Aamir Khan on stage at Rajpath as he addressed the nation on the Clean India drive. Wielding a broom, Modi launched the 'Swachh Bharat' campaign, a cleanliness drive across India, on Gandhi Jayanti .
After paying tributes at the memorials of Mahatma Gandhi and former Prime Minister Lal Bahadur Shastri on their birth anniversaries, Modi himself swept a pavement at Valmiki Basti, a colony of sanitation workers, before the formal launch of the 'Clean India' drive at Rajpath.
While launching the mission at Mandir Marg, he also made a surprise visit at the local police station to check on cleanliness. Accompanied by officials, the Prime Minister collected the garbage and put it in a bin. He later interacted with the children there.
"I bow to Mahatma Gandhi on his birth anniversary.... Gandhi ji's thoughts and beliefs remain a great inspiration for us. Let us dedicate ourselves to building the India of Gandhi ji's dreams," he said in a series of tweets.
He also recalled Shastri's famous 'Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan' slogan.
More than 2,500 students from close to 50 government schools in Delhi took the 'Swachhta Shapath' along with Modi as he inaugurated his ambitious 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan'.
Around 2,700 students from 44 government schools read from the 'pledge paper' along with the prime minister at India Gate and are also taking part in a 3-km long 'walkathon' which is being held as part of the launch of the cleanliness mission.
(With inputs from PTI)

Samsung s days of massive smartphone-driven earnings over on iPhone  Xiaomi challenge: AnalystsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PM Modi wields the broom  launches Clean India campaignComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday launched his first major social campaign since assuming office, one for a filth-free India or Swachh Bharat, sweeping up dirt on the road outside Valmiki Sadan, a colony of neglected sanitation workers.
Seeking to set an example by working the broom on Mahatma Gandhi’s 145th birthday, Modi called upon every Indian to realise Gandhi’s dream of clean surroundings and brought a fading Gandhian ideal back into public imagination.
“We all have a solemn duty…which is to clean up the blot of grime on Mother India. Gandhiji gave us freedom, but we are yet to be free from filth and dirt. Don’t look at this just as a government initiative,” Modi said, appealing to citizens to undo India’s reputation of poor public hygiene.
Read: Swachh Bharat: Mumbai students wield brooms, clean up school campus
Wielding the broom, Modi launched the Clean India mission, saying it is beyond politics and inspired by patriotism.
Debunking criticism that his government has been taking credit for every achievement, the prime minister acknowledged the efforts of all previous governments to make India clean. 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi sweeps a street in a residential colony in New Delhi. (AFP photo)
 Read: Swachh Bharat Abhiyan launched in Punjab, Haryana on Gandhi Jayanti
"I am not talking politics...this is beyond politics.This is inspired my patriotism not politcs. We do not have to do with an eye on politics.
I say that with a clean heart... If we paint this again with a brush of politics, we will again do a disservice to Mother India," he said.
"All the governments in this country have made one or the other effort to do this work. Several political, social and cultural organizations have made efforts in this direction. I salute all those, who have worked," Modi said in his address at his next stop Rajpath. At Rajpath, the capital’s grand vista, Modi administered a public oath on cleanliness to schoolchildren, with actor Aamir Khan by his side to endorse the Swachh Bharat campaign.
Modi paid tributes at Rajghat to Gandhi and at Vijay Ghat to Lal Bahadur Shashtri – the former PM was born on Oct 2 – before reaching Valmiki Sadan.
 
The stop at the swarming housing estate of Valmikis, a Dalit group and erstwhile “untouchables”, was symbolic. By launching his campaign from this neglected landmark, Modi nudged the public for a change in social attitudes.
After a brief prayer inside the Valmiki temple, he spent some time inside a one-room hutment which was once Mahtama Gandhi’s temporary home.
He then interacted with dozens of schoolgirls, who queued up to get their caps autographed by Modi. “He is the first PM to clean roads. Nobody would do this before,” said Geeta Rawat, a student of NP Girls’ School.
The Rs. 62,000 crore Swachh Bharat Abhyan,  India's biggest cleanliness drive, will cover over 4000 towns in the next five years.
Administering the cleanliness  pledge, along with ministers Venkaiah Naidu and Nitin Gadkari and film actor Aamir Khan, he said that this task is not the responsibility only of sanitation workers  or the government but of all the 125 crore Indians.
"If we can reach Mars, we can clean India," the PM said.
 
He also said that the campaign should not be seen as a mere photo opportunity.
 
The prime minister said that he is aware that the criticism of this programme will begin in just a few days  and that he is confident his countrymen would not let him down.
Read: Jharkhand will pose biggest challenge for Modi’s Swachh Bharat
The prime minister countered Congress criticism that his government behaves as if everything happened only after he came to power. "I do not make any claim that the government, which has been elected to power just now, has done everything."
Congress has been attacking Modi accusing him of taking credit of initiatives undertaken by the UPA regimes and trying to give an impression that every good work was done only by him.
 
Recalling that he had congratulated all governments even from the ramparts of Red Fort, Modi said,"even today from this stage, I greet and salute all the governments--central, state and municipal, social organizations which have worked in this direction, whether they are leaders from Sarvodaya or workers of Seva Dal. I launch this programme with their blessings."
 
Maintaining that everybody deserved kudos, the prime minister urged everyone not to make political barbs on the issue.
 
Watch: If we can reach Mars, we can clean India: Modi
"Everybody before us has worked for it. Under Mahatma Gandhi's leadership, the Congress had led it...Who was successful, who was not. Let us not get into it who has done it, who has not. We should work responsibly," he said. 
Read: India's 'toilet guru' works to flush away open defecation
PM Modi's 'Swachh Bharat Challenge'
In his bid to make 'Swachh Bharat'a people's movement, Modi  initiated a chain by inviting nine eminent personalities including cricket icon Sachin Tendulkar and several actors to spread awareness on cleanliness.
 
The PM appeared inspired by the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge, which had gone viral in recent months, as he asked the celebrities to nominate nine more people to join the campaign and hoped that the chain would continue.
 
Among those nominated by the PM are film actors Salman Khan, Priyanka Chopra and Kamal Hassan, industrialist Anil Ambani, Goa Governor Mridula Sinha and Congress leader Shashi Tharoor, yoga guru Ramdev and the team of TV serial "Tarak Mehta Ka Ulta Chashma".
During his Independence Day speech, Modi had called for a cleaner India by October 2, 2019, in time for Gandhi’s 150th birth anniversary.
 

IndiGo Joins Airfare War With Rs 700 OfferIndiGo Joins Airfare War With Rs 700 Offer
Dubai s Emaar Malls jumps 20% on listingDubai's Emaar Malls jumps 20% on listing
Reuters
Tweet
DUBAI, Oct 2:  
Shares in Dubai's Emaar Malls Group (EMG) jumped 20 per cent shortly after opening on Thursday as the stock started trading on Dubai's main stock exchange following a $1.6 billion initial public offer.
EMG shares, which were sold at 2.90 dirhams in the heavily oversubscribed IPO, rose to 3.49 dirhams on the market. Dubai's main index, which does not yet include the stock, slid 1.0 per cent.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

U.S. healthcare experts express concerns over IP working groupU.S. healthcare experts express concerns over IP working group
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Oct 2:  
Independent American healthcare experts have expressed concerns over the decision of India and the United States to establish a high-level working group on intellectual property to address each other’s issues.
They have argued that this is a move by the Obama Administration to push New Delhi on issues related to intellectual property.
Agreeing on the need to foster innovation in a manner that promotes economic growth and job creation, US President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi in a joint statement issued on Tuesday, committed to establish an annual high-level Intellectual Property (IP) Working Group with appropriate decision-making and technical-level meetings as part of the Trade Policy Forum.
“This working group will give the US a dedicated forum to continue to pressure India to adopt TRIPS-plus IP measures, including repeal of Section 3(d) of the India Patents Act, adoption of data exclusivity/monopolies, patent term extensions, and restrictions on the use of compulsory licenses,” said Professor Brook K Baker from the Northeastern U School of Law said.
He argued that there will be efforts to strengthen enforcement measures and investor rights, including investor/ state dispute resolution.
“The US, in particular, will work to eliminate local working requirements that India is seeking to use to promote its own technological development,” he said.
“The fact that this working group will have ’decision-making’ powers is particularly problematic as it places the US fox in the Indian chicken coop,” he added.
According to a fact sheet issued by the White House after Modi-Obama meeting, as part of an ongoing commitment to strengthen engagement, both governments also agreed to establish a high-level working group on intellectual property under the TPF that will meet at the senior official and expert level to discuss a range of intellectual property issues of concern and interest to both sides.
“It is very clearly going to be used to pressure India to expand liberal grants of drug patents in India, and to block or restrain the use of compulsory licenses on drug patents,” said Jamie Love, Director, Knowledge Ecology International, an NGO working on knowledge governance.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Sarita Devi faces disciplinary actions from AIBASarita Devi faces disciplinary action from AIBA
Anisha Dutta |  Oct 02, 2014 04:50 PM IST
The International Boxing Association on Wednesday opened a  disciplinary case against Indian boxer Sarita Devi for refusing to accept the bronze medal at the the award ceremony during the 17th Asian Games.
 
The Technical Delegate supervisor David B. Francis has submitted a report to the Olympic Council of Asia regarding the case. 
 
While the (Amateur) International Boxing Association (AIBA) has been prompt in invoking its disciplinary action process to review Sarita’s case, it has been at the receiving end of criticism about reviewing complaints against allegedly biased decisions being taken in favour of host South Korea's pugilists. 
 
The decision will be made immediately after the Asian Games, AIBA said in a statement on its website.
ALSO READ:  Anger wells up as Sarita Devi robbed of a gold
 
“The whole incident looked like a well planned scenario by her and her team, and it is regretful to watch a boxer refuse the medal regardless of what happened in the competition," the statement said. 
 
"In this regard, as the Technical Delegate, I had to request Olympic Council of Asia (OCA) to review this incident, so any boxer or athlete in other sports will not follow in her footsteps by respecting the spirit of fair-play and sportsmanship of the Olympic Movement.” 
 
The statement adds that the Indian team did not adhere to the technical rules of the AIBA, which doesn't allow  judges’ decisions to be challenged. The rules only allow protests against a referee’s decision and must be immediately submitted after the bout. 
 
“It was clear that the whole Indian Boxing Team were protesting the AIBA Referees and Judges’ system and management, which was obviously caused by a lack of understanding of the AIBA Technical and AOB Competition Rules, “ the statement reads. 
Update:  Sarita Devi has accepted the bronze medal after meeting IOA officials and contingent's chef de mission Adille Sumariwalla. 

Renault aims to reclaim lost ground with minivan turned SUVRenault aims to reclaim lost ground with minivan turned SUV
Reuters
Tweet
PARIS, Oct 2:  
The minivan is dead, long live the SUVan. Renault has revamped the elderly Espace people carrier as a crossover sport utility vehicle as it seeks to relive the marque's past glories.
Illustrating a market shift to more rugged-looking vehicles, the fifth Espace - smaller than its predecessors but still gargantuan by European standards - made its debut at the Paris auto show on Thursday, 30 years after the first model was unleashed on European consumers who hadn't yet realised they wanted one.
Like the Chrysler Voyager that narrowly preceded it - and contributed to the North American cult of the "soccer mom" - the Renault Espace created a whole new market for large minivans and swiftly became a hit for its maker. More than 1.2 million of the vehicles have been sold over the three decades.
"It's certainly a great nameplate to revive, because it was quite something for Renault," UBS analyst Philippe Houchois said. "It was about the closest Renault ever got to a premium product."
For almost a decade Renault has been all but banished from larger-car categories after a series of flops such as the 2007 Laguna sedan and Vel Satis, since discontinued. Instead, the company has been doing brisk business in low-cost cars under its budget Dacia badge.
Under chief designer Laurens van den Acker, hired from Mazda in 2009, the core brand has begun pushing back with smaller models such as the fourth Renault Clio mini and Captur, Europe's best-selling subcompact SUV.
But the real test comes with the Espace - the current version of which is 11 years old - and a slew of launches coming in its wake. A compact offroader, an updated Megane hatchback and a successor to the hapless Laguna will share common architecture with 43.4 per cent-owned alliance partner Nissan.
FROM LEADER TO LAGGARD
Once the European market leader, the Espace is now one of the laggards of its category, far behind the Ford S-Max, which struck out in a sportier direction from its 2006 introduction and is unveiling another timely update in Paris.
Large SUVs overtook European minivan sales in 2008 and doubled their tally last year, claiming 17 per cent of sales in the size category, data from IHS Automotive show.
"It's a global shift affecting even family vehicles, and it is here to stay," Societe Generale analyst Philippe Barrier said. "Designers are having to compromise as people look for something sportier."
For the new Espace, Renault boss Carlos Ghosn gave his top designer a tough brief: achieve a more rugged, muscular look and cut the vehicle's size and fuel consumption while keeping the interior roominess of its "one-box" predecessor.
"He asked us to totally innovate with the Espace," van den Acker told Reuters in an earlier interview. "We needed to give the vehicle a smaller physical footprint and much better aerodynamics.
"But a lot of the things that are good for aerodynamics and CO2 emissions are also good for design."
Compared with previous generations, the new Espace has a lower-slung, elongated look. Like the Jaguar XE sedan also displayed in Paris, the Renault vehicle drew on aerodynamic and acoustic modelling from U.S. software maker Exa to reduce development costs.
The production model unveiled on Thursday closely resembles the preceding concept car with its "strong nose", as van den Acker described it. Pricing will be announced when order books open early next year.
But Ford, which achieved four times Renault's European sales of the Espace with 17,000 S-Max deliveries in the first, will not give up its edge readily.
The new Ford vehicle, which also goes on sale next year, adds more efficient EcoBoost engines, upgraded folding rear passenger seats and optional all-wheel drive.
"The S-Max somewhat invented the shift from pure minivans to sport utility vehicles," Ford product development chief Raj Nair told Reuters. "We've upped our game to ensure that the S-Max remains leader."
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Fiat says Luxembourg tax deal probe will not significantly impact financesFiat says Luxembourg tax deal probe will not significantly impact finances
Reuters
Tweet
Milan, Oct 2:  
Fiat-Chrysler reiterated on Thursday that a tax agreement granted by Luxembourg to one of its subsidiaries was legitimate and said the potential financial impact of a European Commission probe into the matter would not be significant.
A tax concession that Luxembourg authorities granted to Fiat Finance and Trade in 2012 may constitute illegal state aid, the European Commission said earlier this week.
The probe focuses on Luxembourg authorities' approval of a transfer pricing arrrangement by Fiat Finance and Trade, which lends money to other Fiat companies.
Transfer pricing is the setting of prices for intra-group transactions that affects the tax rate that multinationals pay in different countries.
"Fiat remains confident of the legitimacy of the tax ruling process regarding Fiat Finance and Trade in Luxembourg and, in any case, is of the view that the group's potential financial exposure associated with the case is immaterial," Fiat said in a statement.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Europes bourses slip ahead of ECB© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fe8314f2-49e2-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BSESensex down 62 pointsBSESensex down 62 points
Subrata Roy moves back to Tihar jail cell  office privileges of Sahara chief withdrawnSubrata Roy moves back to Tihar jail cell  office privileges of Sahara chief withdrawn
Centre may set up offshore wind power project in GujaratCentre may set up offshore wind power project in Gujarat
Five videos of Mahatma Gandhi you have never seenPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 12:53 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 12:56 pm
There are a lot of videos of Mahatma Gandhi that are etched in our memory. But have we seen them all. Here we present five videos from the recently opened British Pathe collection that will give a new perspective on the Father of the Nation.
Mahatma Gandhi on way to London for the round table conference
 

Everything you need to know about PM Modis Clean India campaignPrime Minister Narendra Modi made a brief visit to the memorial at Rajghat (Source: Express photo by: Anil Sharma)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 12:51 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 1:13 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday wielded a broom to launch his pet ‘Swachh Bharat’ mission, a cleanliness drive across India, on the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti. About 31 lakh central government employees working across the country will take a pledge of cleanliness in various public functions on Thursday as part of the Narendra Modi administration’s ‘Clean India’ campaign.
Here are a few stories you should read on Modi’s ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan’:
 
1. Rare Gandhi footage
A man cleaning the statue of Gandhi.
A four-minute film showing rare footage of Mahatma Gandhi and his ideas on cleanliness is likely to be aired during the launch of the Swachh Bharat mission by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on October 2.
READ: Rare Gandhi footage to help launch clean India campaign
2. PM Modi’s ‘Clean India’ campaign launched
Union Minister for Mines, Steel and Labour & Employment, Narendra Singh Tomar launching the ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’ at ESIC Hospital in Rohini in New Delhi on Monday. (Source: PTI)
Lakhs of state government employees have been asked to be part of this massive drive which will be launched by the Prime Minister in New Delhi on Thursday.
 
3. Opinion – Yogendra Yadav
Heavy Industries Minister Anant Geete at a cleanliness drive at Udyog Bhavan in New Delhi on Wednesday. Source: Prem Nath Pandey
The real question is not why government wants to push the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, but what it wants to pack into this campaign and how it will approach the issue.
READ: A sarkari campaign about us
4. ‘Clean India’ campaign
Prime Minister Narendra Modi wields a broom with NDMC workers to launch ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’ in Valmiki Basti in New Delhi on Thursday. The nationwide campaign aims to clean up India in five years. (Source: PTI)
The Centre has asked state governments to organise walkathons and marathons, painting competitions and kite-flying events to create awareness on Swachchha Bharat Abhiyan, the nationwide sanitation drive.
 
5. Opinion – V. Kurian Baby
Prime Minister Narendra Modi dumps the garbage into a bin during the launch of ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’ in Valmiki Basti in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi deviated from convention and made sanitation a central theme of his Independence Day speech, making it a political priority, and Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, launched today, aims to make the country open defecation-free by 2019.
6. Swachh Bharat campaign through social media
Narendra Modi offers tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on Gandhi Jayanti. (Source: Indian Express)
A “clean India challenge”, almost on the lines of the ALS ice bucket challenge that went viral across the world recently, may unfold itself across social media platforms on Thursday. And the first person to take up the challenge may be none other than Prime Minister Narendra Modi himself.

With Schools shut in Srinagar  future of thousands hang in balanceIn this Wednesday, Oct. 1, 2014 photo, school buses washed away by severe flooding lie inside the compound of a residential house in Srinagar, India. (Source: AP)
Written by Adil Akhzer | Srinagar | Posted: October 2, 2014 12:44 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 12:53 pm
With the J-K government undecided on reopening of schools after the devastating floods that hit the Srinagar city and other parts of Kashmir Valley, future of thousands of students enrolled in various private and government schools in the city hangs in balance.
Valley’s elite schools including Burn-Hall, Presentation Convent, Tyndale Biscoe, Iqbal Memorial and Delhi Public School are still closed and with no direction from the government, students are in dilemma. The state government had already postponed the 10th and 12th standard examinations after the flood marooned the Srinagar city.
Junaid Ahmad, 18, a 12th standard student form Tyndale Biscoe School in Srinagar says that the career of thousands of students is at stake. “Government should do something about our education,” he said. “Our exams are approaching and many of the students don’t even have books as they were washed away by the flood waters.”
Even though water level has receded, the process of cleaning the major schools in the city is yet to be started. The Lower primary department (LPD) of the Burn Hall School — one of the few Christian Missionary schools in Kashmir is still covered in mud and slush.
On Monday, Private Schools United Front (PSUF) — a body of private schools in Kashmir — said that schools have incurred a loss of around Rs 3,000 crore to Rs 4,000 crores in the floods. “There is no clear direction to the private schools what to do,” G N Var, General Secretary of PSUF said. “In next two days if government will not come with the directions, we will issue our own directions.”
Students of the Burn Hall School say that they have heard that hundreds of their practical copies of 10 standard to be shown in the upcoming board examination are lost in the flood. The students say that they are now confused about the exams and commencement of classes.
“One of my teacher informed me that my practical copy that I had submitted to the school is washed away by the flood water,” Irfan Ahmad, a student said. “I am worried about my exams now.”
Director School Education Kashmir Tariq Ali told The Indian Express that the school administration would have to get a clearance certificate from Roads & Building Department to start the classes. “Safety of the students is the first priority,” he said. “Many schools have been reopened after the floods have got the clearance certificate from the concern department.”

Procter Gamble appoints Karthik Natarajan as additional directorOct 02, 2014, 12.29 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Procter & Gamble appoints Karthik Natarajan as additional director
Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care has informed that Mr Karthik Natarajan has been appointed as an additional director (non-executive director) of the company with effect from October 1, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Procter & Gamble appoints Karthik Natarajan as additional director
Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care has informed that Mr Karthik Natarajan has been appointed as an additional director (non-executive director) of the company with effect from October 1, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care Ltd has informed BSE that Mr Karthik Natarajan has been appointed as an Additional Director ( Non-executive Director) of the Company with effect from October 01, 2014. Mr. Karthik Natarajan Shall be hold office as Additional Director till the 51st Annual General Meeting of the Company.Source : BSE

Beijing needs to recognize that there are many different ways to be ChineseBeijing needs to recognize that there are different types of Chinese people
October 2, 2014
Protesters in Hong Kong. (Reuters/Carlos Barria)
SHARE
The Future of Hong Kong
October 2, 2014
Hong Kong’s Occupy Central protests, now in their fifth day, are primarly about Beijing’s refusal to allow the city’s residents to choose their own political leaders. But they have roots in everything from the Chinese government’s  crackdown on dissent and free speech  to the very essence of what it means to be from Hong Kong. Kacey Wong , an artist and professor at Hong Kong Polytechnic University who started a competition to create an official Umbrella Revolution logo, spoke to Quartz’s Heather Timmons about what’s bringing Hong Kongers to the streets. Some of the entries from the competition are included below.
The way that you should really look at the Hong Kong protests is that there is a war on our culture. If we win, we get to keep our culture and our way of life, and if we lose, we will fall back in time, to the way that mainland China is now.
Tap image to zoom
(Tania Willis)
If you look at the current Communist Party, there’s nothing Communist about it. It is capitalism, corruption, and the decline of morality at its worst. Many people in Hong Kong feel that we are being recolonized. This “new China” is more like Chinese imperialism over again. President Xi Jinping is grabbing all the power for himself, and eradicating his competition. The party would do anything to preserve the current system of corruption and power.
This is the first time Hong Kong has really recognized its own identity and culture, and we have realized we can stand up and stand tall. Beijing has to recognize that there are different types of Chinese people. In fact, here in Hong Kong, we have had 172 years of continuous culture, that has risen up as a mixture of East and West. It has a high degree of Chinese tradition and respects classic ideals.
Tap image to zoom
(Woody Chau Tsz Kit)
We’re not some ethnic minority—without Hong Kong there would be no modern China, because the revolutionary ideas that created China came from here. We have our own currency and passport and have been independent from China for more than a hundred years. We’re trying to say to mainland China, “You have to respect these cultural differences and allow them to grow.”
Many times in the past, we’ve held political rallies where we’ve sung songs and shouted slogans and then dispersed. This time, the government not listening is no longer acceptable.What you’re seeing right now with the Umbrella Revolution is the conclusion of the showdown of resistance.
We want to win because we deserve it. We’re showing solidarity and brotherhood and sisterhood here at these protests. We’re being restrained and civilized. You’re not seeing shops being destroyed, looting, or raping. You’re seeing love and comradeship.
Tap image to zoom
(CrystalW103)
Beijing views Hong Kong’s protests right now as a domestic problem in a little city state. I think the only way to escalate this is to hope and plead with the international community to negotiate with the Chinese community through boycotts, to cooperate with the movement, and not to kowtow to the Chinese government. This is not a Hong Kong problem, it is a global problem.
This interview has been condensed and edited for clarity.
Share this:

Clean India campaign launched  Modi says India can do it (Roundup)Clean India campaign launched  Modi says India can do it (Roundup)
China warns Hong Kong protesters of  unimaginable consequences  if pro-democracy demonstrations continueChina warns Hong Kong protesters of  unimaginable consequences  if pro-democracy demonstrations continue
Car makers report increase in salesCar makers report increase in sales
India s Business With ASEAN Countries Only 30 percent Of Total TradeIndia s Business With ASEAN Countries Only 30 percent Of Total Trade
Factories Expand at Slowest Pace This Year in September: HSBC PMIMeasures Undertaken by New Government to Revive Growth: India Inc
Indian factory activity expanded at its slowest pace in nine months in September as growth in new orders slowed, dragging on overall output, a business survey showed on Wednesday.
The HSBC Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI), compiled by Markit, fell to 51.0 in September from 52.4 in August but sustained above the 50 mark for the eleventh month. A reading above 50 separates growth from contraction.
The new orders sub-index fell to 51.3 from 54.5, the steepest fall in 18 months, underscoring weak demand, while output in factories fell to a four-month low.
"Responding to the slowdown, firms lowered purchases and trimmed inventories. The rate of cost inflation decelerated sharply and output prices were unchanged," said Frederic Neumann, co-head of Asian economic research at HSBC.
Input prices or the cost of raw materials rose at its slowest pace in 16 months, the survey showed, indicating overall inflation may show signs of cooling in the near future.
Wholesale inflation in India dipped to 3.74 percent in August, its lowest in five years, even as consumer inflation remained high at 7.80 percent. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) aims to lower retail inflation to 6 percent by January 2016.
Elevated inflation and risks of a spiral in food and fuel prices prompted RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan to keep interest rates unchanged on Tuesday.
However, it cut the ceiling on bonds that must be held-to-maturity by 2 percentage points and expects to complete the process by September 2015.
India's economy has slowed in recent years due to a mix of high interest rates, slumping investments, policy uncertainty and anaemic global growth.
But the landslide win of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's party has fueled hopes of major reforms in infrastructure, labor markets and foreign investment caps in various sectors.
The government has, however, taken only minor steps so far to encourage investments and savings.
"The RBI would rather see growth recovery supported by supply side reforms than through monetary policy stimulus," Neumann added.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Economy to grow at 5.6% this fiscal: FitchEconomy to grow 5.6% this fiscal, 6.5% in FY'16: Fitch
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 16:58 IST
India's growth is expected to accelerate to 5.6 per cent in the current fiscal and further to 6.5 per cent in 2015-16, buoyed by strong investments and political certainty, rating agency Fitch said on Wednesday.
"The new government has started rolling out a number of policies, which may improve the efficiency of the bureaucracy and strengthen the investment climate," Fitch said.
Fitch expects GDP growth to pick up to 5.6 per cent in FY15 (ending in March) and 6.5 per cent in both FY16 and FY17, the agency said in its global economic outlook report.
"Investment is likely to rise now that political uncertainty has disappeared since the new government came to power last May," it added.
RBI has projected a 5.5 per cent GDP growth for the current fiscal and 6.3 per cent for 2015-16.
Fitch further said the expected pick-up is supported by the 5.7 per cent GDP growth in April-June quarter of current fiscal.
India had clocked sub-5 per cent growth in the previous two fiscals. It grew 4.5 per cent in in 2012-13 and 4.7 per cent in 2013-14.
Fitch said lifting GDP growth to substantially higher levels would require large productivity gains through implementation of reforms related to governance, product and labour markets, as well as reduction of infrastructure bottlenecks.
It said India will be the only BRIC nation where growth picks up in 2014 and further accelerates in 2015 owing to an expected improvement in business environment.
The agency has a stable outlook on India's 'BBB-' rating.
Fitch said in the longer run, a credible low inflation environment would benefit growth by improving the investment environment.
WPI inflation fell to a 5-year low of 3.74 per cent while the retail inflation was at 7.8 per cent in August.

In pics: Denied a shot at gold  Sarita Devi refuses to wear bronze54
0
Protesting against her controversial defeat against the South Korean boxer at the Asian Games 2014 in Incheon, Sarita Devi on Wednesday refused to wear her bronze medal at the podium. An inconsolable Sarita was seen crying incessantly on the podium and refused repeated attempts to put bronze medal around her neck.
Sarita Devi cries standing beside bronze medalist Vietnam's Thi Duyen Luu after she refused her bronze medal
Sarita Devi cries looking at a medal as she steps on to the podium helped by bronze medalist Vietnam's Thi Duyen Luu during the medal ceremony
Sarita Devi gestures towards silver medalist South Korea's Park Ji-na as the latter tries to persuade Devi to accept her bronze medal
Sarita Devi waves and leaves the podium during the ceremony
Sarita Devi hugs silver medalist South Korea's Park Ji-na, watched by bronze medalist Vietnam's Thi Duyen Luu
Sarita Devi acknowledges the crowd after giving her bronze medal to South Korea's Park Ji-na
131

Brazil markets hit by Dilma surge in pollsBrazil markets hit by Dilma surge in polls
By Joe Leahy and Samantha Pearson in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1adf96a4-4991-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

High hopes for Rocket as IPO countdown endsOctober 1, 2014 8:05 pm
Investor concerns as Rocket IPO countdown ends
By Jeevan Vasagar in Berlin and Sally Davies in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/23d41dc6-4981-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Investors pull $23.5bn from Pimco fundInvestors pull $23.5bn from Pimco fund
By Stephen Foley in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a7be468a-49b2-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Partnership reassures on tax reformsPartnership aims to calm investors on tax reforms
By Alistair Gray and Josephine Cumbo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4bed3f1a-4984-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hong Kong schooling is just a memory gameOctober 1, 2014 11:36 pm
Hong Kong schooling is just a memory game
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d5d6dbf8-47d8-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BofA chief Moynihan adds chairman roleBofA chief Moynihan adds chairman role
By Camilla Hall in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7b9ed9fc-49ad-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Microsofts Windows teaser: 7  8  8.1  10 
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

Modi pays tribute to Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat on his 144th birth anniversaryOct 02, 2014 at  09:13am IST
Modi pays tribute to Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat on his 144th birth anniversary
6
2
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday paid tribute to Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat on his 144th birth anniversary. Former PM Manmohan Singh and several other senior leaders were also present at Rajghat.
Modi also paid tribute to former Prime Minister Lal Bahadur Shastri who shares his birthday with Mahatma Gandhi today.
As the nation celebrates the birth anniversary of the father of the nation, Modi will kickstart his pet project 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan' on Thursday to mark the occasion. The campaign focuses on sanitation, hygiene, and waste management.
Modi will be picking up the broom at Valmiki Basti, a place where Gandhi stayed to dedicate public toilets to the residents of the locality.
10

US city plans festival to celebrate blue jeansE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Skymark and Airbus near A380 settlementOctober 2, 2014 6:14 am
Skymark and Airbus near A380 order settlement
By Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7c4896ca-49f0-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Help realise Gandhi s dream of Clean India: ModiHelp realise Gandhi's dream of Clean India: Modi
IANS | New Delhi Oct 02, 2014 10:17 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi Thursday wielded the broom symbolically at a place where Mahatma Gandhi once stayed to launch a unique nationwide campaign that seeks to change Indians' mindset and clean up India in five years.
 
In a spirited speech near the India Gate monument a short while later, Modi told a huge gathering that Indians had a responsibility of fulfilling Mahatma Gandhi's dream of ridding the country of dirt and filth by 2019, the 150th birth anniversary of Gandhi.
 
On his way to Valmiki Colony which Gandhi made his home for 214 days in 1946-47, Modi - known for his unusual workstyle - halted his car, entered the Mandir Marg police station, saw the state of cleanliness and calmly picked up the broom to sweep away the dust.
 
In no time he was at Valmiki Colony, where, after a brief visit to the Valmiki temple, the prime minister took up a broom and swept a small area in the company of party colleagues and residents to symbolically launch the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan or Clean India campaign.
 
He used a dust pan to put the small pile of dirt into the dustbin.
 
Thursday marks the 145th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, who was a strong advocate of cleanliness. Modi started the day by visiting Rajghat, the Gandhi memorial on the bank of the Yamuna river.
 
Visitors to India complain about the dirt, the absence of enough dust bins, choked drains, poor state of most public toilets, spitting and urinating in the open as well as the general lack of commitment of the people to keep the country clean.
 
In his speech, Modi said India - a country not particularly noted for cleanliness - could be transformed provided the citizens disciplined themselves instead of expecting cleanliness only from municipal sweepers.
 
"Do citizens have no role in this? We have to change this mindset," Modi said. "India can do it, the people of India can do it."
 
If Indians can reach Mars, they certainly can clean up the country, he said to the applause from the gathering that included scores of school students as well as people from all walks of life.
 
"It takes time to change established mindset. It is a difficult task. But we have five years," he said, referring to the deadline of 2019.
 
Modi compared his slogan of "Clean India" to Mahatma Gandhi's war cry of "Quit India" during the Independence movement.
 
"The way we derived pleasure from Quit India, we will derive the same pleasure from Clean India."
 
The prime minister named nine people -- including cricketer Sachin Tendulkar, actors Priyanka Chopra and Salman Khan and industrialist Anil Ambani -- to spread the message of Clean India.
 
Modi, who returned from the US late Wednesday, underlined that he should not be the focus of the Clean India campaign - and the campaign should not be viewed from a political prism.
 
"This is not about Modi... Modi is only one of its 1.2 billion people... This is a people's task."
 
Comparing India with developed countries which are married to the concepts of hygiene and cleanliness, Modi said that as "children of Mother India, it is our duty not to spread filth and not let anyone do it".
 
The prime minister administered a pledge to the gathering to contribute at least two hours a week to keep their surroundings clean.
 
The pledge read: "It is our duty to serve Mother India by keeping the country neat and clean. I take this pledge that I will remain committed towards cleanliness and devote time for this...
 
"I will devote 100 hours per year, that is two hours per week, to voluntarily work for cleanliness. I will neither litter not let others litter.
 
"I believe that the countries of the world that appear clean are so because their citizens don't indulge in littering nor do they allow it to happen."
 

India vs Pakistan: Trial by fire in Asian Games hockey final43
3
Tactics in India-Pakistan games always seem to fall apart as the emotions take hold and everyone reverts back to just run and gun. I feel it's not going to change on the big day today. This rivalry is something else.
There is an old saying: 'the hottest fire makes the hardest sword.' Today is trial by fire for India and Pakistan, and there is no getting away from the pressure. Cope with it and succeed or don't and fail.
It's going to be the most pressure any of the young players on the pitch today will have ever experienced. There is so much at stake here. Some will stand up to be counted, some may fail, and that's where the winner will be decided.
Image credit: IBNLive Sports Images.
The Game
Both teams will attack; it's in their nature.
If Sardar Singh plays really well, and the last game [semi-final against South Korea) was the first time in about a year I have really seen him come to play, and PR Sreejesh has a great game, then India will be in business.
Pakistan have the more experienced team but older. Shakeel Abbasi is the key and will need to be held in check. If India can nullify some of the older Pakistani players and get at the slow defence, then it will help.
The Pakistan forwards are very experienced and they will test the Indian defence all day. They rely on that type of play. If it comes off and they get confident, India will struggle.
Game-changers
India: Sardar, Sreeejesh, Manpreet Singh and Birender Lakra. Huge performances are needed from this quartet. VR Raghunath also needs to step up and play the game of his life. But he is carrying extra weight and that's an issue and may be a problem in the later part of the game. I am hoping Rupinderpal Singh plays as his penalty corners could be the key. However, he may have damaged his groin too much and that's a shame for him.
Pakistan: Abbasi, Muhammad Waqas, Muhammad Rizwan Sr and goalkeeper Imran Butt. All are capable of producing a winning performance. Abbasi is a proven world class player and at his best could be the decider. Same with Waqas, also a world class match winner, tough to stop.
Prediction
Tough one. India need to break Pakistan's running game at every opportunity. It they can do that, then India could come out on top.
India need to come out with youthful enthusiasm against a very experienced Pakistan team. The emotions in this game play a very big part in the result. I am just hoping the young Indian players really understand what is at stake here and realise they are playing for India.
I am picking an Indian win but it's going to be close.
170

Ebola deaths reach 3 338  but widely undercounted: WHO21
0
Geneva: The death toll from the world's worst Ebola outbreak on record reached 3,338 people out of 7,178 cases in West Africa as of September 28, the World Health Organization said on Wednesday.
It said the total number of new cases had fallen for a second week, but warned against reading any good news into the figures as they were almost certainly under-reported and there were few signs of the epidemic being brought under control.
"Transmission remains persistent and widespread in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, with strong evidence of increasing case incidence in several districts," the WHO's update said.
"Transmission remains persistent and widespread in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, with strong evidence of increasing case incidence in several districts," the WHO's update said.
#ebola #ebola virus #who #us
Although the spread of the disease appears to have stabilised in Guinea, where the epidemic originated, "it must be emphasized that in the context of an outbreak of EVD (Ebola virus disease), a stable pattern of transmission is still of grave concern, and could change quickly," it said.
The WHO data, based on figures from ministries of health, showed 710 dead in Guinea, 1,998 in Liberia and 622 in Sierra Leone.
The WHO report said both Guinea and Sierra Leone reported cases in previously uninfected districts bordering Ivory Coast.
In Liberia, there remained "compelling evidence obtained from responders and laboratory staff in the country that there is widespread under-reporting of new cases, and that the situation in Liberia, and in Monrovia in particular, continues to deteriorate."
Two US Navy mobile laboratories had arrived in Liberia and would be operational by October 5, while a Chinese team in Sierra Leone had begun testing up to 20 samples a day in Freetown.
In two other West African countries, Nigeria - where eight people died - and Senegal, there have been no further suspected cases in more than 21 days, the incubation period of the disease. The WHO deems an outbreak is over when two incubation periods have passed.
Last week the US Centers for Disease Control estimated there would be 8,000 cases reported in Liberia and Sierra Leone by September 30, but said the true figure would likely be 21,000 after correcting for under-reporting.
11

Clean Up India: Arvind Kejriwal cleans choked drains near PM Modi s house48
1
New Delhi: AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal on Thursday helped sweepers to clean up choked drains in a small residential area near Prime Minister Narendra Modi's residence in the heart of the capital.
The former chief minister of Delhi chose the BR Camp, as the low income area is called, on the very day Modi launched his Clean India campaign.
Kejriwal was accompanied by several employees of the civic agency, and he later had tea with them, an Aam Aadmi Party spokesman said.
Arvind Kejriwal chose the BR Camp, as the low income area is called, on the very day Modi launched his Clean India campaign.
#aap #arvind kejriwal #clean india #clean up india
The BR Camp falls in Kejriwal's New Delhi assembly constituency.
AAP activists also picked up brooms in several parts of the capital to show their commitment for a Clean India but without joining any government sponsored event.
"AAP will launch a cleanliness drive Oct 2," an AAP tweet said. "All MLAs and leaders will work as helpers to Safai Karmcharis (sweepers) and help them in their work."
59

Hindu-American Tulsi Gabbard promises Narendra Modi to support International Yoga day15
2
Washington: The first Hindu-American Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard has promised Prime Minister Narendra Modi to lead an effort towards a Congressional resolution in support of International Yoga Day.
Gabbard, in a statement, said she made a commitment to Modi to take the lead in Congress to pass a resolution in support of the prime minister's appeal to the UN to designate an International Yoga Day.
According to a media statement, both agreed that, "Yoga is widely misunderstood as a system of physical exercise rather than a lifestyle consciousness and world view that can help improve health, provide insight for addressing environmental challenges, facilitate world peace, and much more".
Tulsi Gabbard has promised Modi to lead an effort towards a Congressional resolution in support of International Yoga Day.
Gabbard said she and Modi agreed that, "The West would be surprised by the vast knowledge and solutions the ancient Vedic texts have to offer the modern world".
Gabbard met Modi in New York.
"It was a great privilege to meet with Prime Minister Modi and personally welcome him on his historic visit to America. The Prime Minister's visit to the US is a great opportunity to further develop the vital friendship and cooperation between the world's largest and oldest democracies," she said.
"We had a wide-ranging discussion on several issues our countries have in common, including how America and India can work together to help combat the global threat posed by Islamic extremism," Gabbard said.
Gabbard gave Modi her personal copy of the Bhagavad-Gita, which she has had since she was a child and was "a source of courage and comfort" during her two tours of duty in the Middle East as a soldier, and which she used to take her Congressional Oath of Office.
Gabbard also presented Modi with a ginger flower garland from her home state of Hawaii, which Modi pointed out was a tradition in India as well.
During their meeting, the two spoke of the priorities shared by India and the US, including defeating the threat posed by ISIS and other Islamic extremists, cooperating to address environmental concerns, and maximising economic opportunities.
36

Sahara chief moved back to jail cell  office privileges withdrawnSahara chief moved back to jail cell, office privileges withdrawn
Reuters
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 2:  
Subrata Roy, the jailed chief of India's Sahara conglomerate, is back in a cell after living in a makeshift prison office for two months as he tried to negotiate the sale of his luxury hotels, a jail official said on Thursday.
The tycoon had been allowed to use an office, phone, internet connection and three secretaries in the Delhi prison to facilitate the sale of the three hotels including Grosvenor House in London and the Plaza in New York.
Roy needs to raise Rs 10,000 crore ($1.6 billion) from the hotel sales to have a chance of release on bail.
He was jailed for contempt of court in March amid a long-running dispute with the capital markets watchdog over Sahara's failure to repay billions of dollars to investors who were sold outlawed bonds.
Roy was moved back to a cell after a court-imposed deadline for the use of the office expired, although the businessman had requested more time, Tihar Jail spokesman Mukesh Prasad said.
"He was asking officials. We told him we don't have the power to extend those facilities," the spokesman said.
Sahara says it is in talks with multiple potential buyers but a company spokesman did not answer calls seeking comment on Thursday.
Last month, a senior company executive told Reuters that the firm would rather mortgage its trophy overseas hotel properties than sell them.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Japanese shares tumble  Topix posts biggest fall in 6 monthsJapanese shares tumble, Topix posts biggest fall in 6 months
Reuters
Tweet
TOKYO, Oct 2:  
Japanese shares tumbled to one-month lows on Thursday as disappointing global manufacturing activity surveys stoked concerns over global growth, while the first confirmed case of Ebola in the United States fed into a risk-averse mood.
Japan's Nikkei share average fell 2.6 per cent to 15,661.99, while the broader Topix fell 2.9 per cent to 1,280.15 - its biggest percentage decline since mid-March.
Investors sold shares of exporters that had benefited from the fall in the yen in recent weeks. The yen hit a six-year low of 110.09 yen to the dollar on Wednesday but bounced back to around 108.97 yen on Thursday, helped by safe-haven bids as concerns about the global economy resurfaced.
Surveys on Wednesday showed German factory activity shrank for the first time in 15 months, China's manufacturing sector barely grew, and the United States slowed more than expected.
"The sentiment was already weak yesterday after exporters didn't perform well even after the yen fell to 110 to the dollar. The market will be in for a correction for now," said a trader at a Japanese brokerage firm.
Honda Motor fell 4.2 percent, Toyota Motor Co dropped 3.5 percent and Suzuki Motor shed 5.7 percent. The disappointing global manufacturing figures came as investors in Japan continued to grapple with the domestic economy's struggles to recover from a slump triggered by April's sales tax hike.
Global markets are also bracing for an end to the U.S. Federal Reserve's third round of quantitative easing this month. "If you look back, U.S. stocks peaked one month before the end of QE2. A rally driven by liquidity is coming to an end worldwide," said Norihiro Fujito, senior investment strategist at Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities.
The first case of Ebola diagnosed in the United States only served to knock sentiment further, sending the U.S. S&P 500 stock index skidding 1.3 percent to a seven-week low of 1,946.16. The Ebola news pressured U.S. airline shares and hit their peers in Tokyo, with the Tokyo Stock Exchange's air transport sub index falling 4.6 percent, its largest fall in more than two years.
Japan Airlines fell 4.6 percent and ANA Holdings dropped 4.8 percent. Trading houses extended their losses as commodity prices fell and some of them reported huge losses on energy investments. Marubeni fell 3.4 percent after it was revealed that it is preparing to sell its costly stake in a Canada coal mine for what the potential buyer says could be as little as $1 - a day after a Tokyo rival said it would book losses in coal and iron ore investments. The new JPX-Nikkei Index 400 dropped 2.8 percent.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Documentary on Mahatma Gandhi now in digital formatDocumentary on Mahatma Gandhi now in digital format
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 2:  
A documentary on Mahatma Gandhi containing “rarest of the rare” video footages, including Bapu’s first interview to a foreign journalist, has been digitised and will be available for public viewing soon.
“Mahatma Gandhi — 20th Century Prophet”, an 1941 documentary made by travelogue writer and journalist A K Chettiar has been digitised with the help of the National Gandhi Museum here.
The Museum plans to screen the 81-minute long film across various media platforms.
“The film first screened on August 15, 1947 reportedly went “untraceable” in 1959,” says A Annamalai, Director National Gandhi Museum.
The film, however was available in its original 15-mm format at a few places but could not be screened often because technical specifications had became outdated says Annamalai.
Chettiar had travelled more than one lakh kilometres within India and across countries to collect all the video archives and pictures of Gandhi to create the original documentary. The effort took him over three years.
The documentary was first screened as a film, with due permissions by the Censor Board in 1940 at Chennai’s Roxy theatre with voiceovers in Tamil. It was later dubbed into Telugu and subsequently in Hindi.
The documentary was also screened on August 15, 1947 in New Delhi which was attended by country’s first president Rajendra Prasad.
“Former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi too attended the screening as her father and then Prime Minister Nehru could not make it to the event,” says Annamalai.
Later, Chettiar got the film dubbed into English also and took it to the U.S. where it was screened at San Francisco on February 10, 1953.
Attended by the then U.S. president Dwight David Eisenhower, and his wife Mamie Geneva Doud the film’s screening was also his first public function.
Chettiar made 16-mm films of the documentary, which he then distributed to some museums in 1959.
“With advent of time, there were updates to projectors and newer specifications like 35 mm and so on. So original copies became redundant and went untraceable,” says Annamalai.
The film has now been completely restored, its colour has been corrected, dust and scratches removed and sound improved.
“It now looks like a new film,” says the NGM director.
“Moreover the film is now available in 2K resolution — which means the pixel quality is so fine that it could also be played in cinema halls and theatres and can also be broadcast on television,” says Annamalai.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Narendra Modis going for his second clean sweep of the yearClean and clear.(Reuters/Rupak De Chowdhuri)
SHARE
Devjyot Ghoshal @DevjyotGhoshal
October 2, 2014
Indian prime minister Narendra Modi’s ambitions to clean and spruce up the subcontinent is relying on a tried and tested model—the ALS ice bucket challenge, which raised more than $100 million .
Modi’s intention is to not to make his Swatchh Bharat mission—that aims to ‘Clean India’ in the next five years—a government led and implemented programme. Instead, as he’s stated in speeches recently, the prime minister wants to transform it into a mass movement. “The work is to be done by all Indians. This campaign is for 1.2 billion people and I repeat it 1.2 billion times,” he said today at the launch of the mission.
But to get it off the ground, the government has devised a social media-focused campaign, which seeks to leverage the social media clout of the prime minister as well as that of a small band of celebrities and politicians, some with large followings on Twitter and Facebook. The official ‘Swatchh Bharat’ challenge can be found here .
I have invited 9 people and asked them to come to public places and work towards a Clean India. I ask them to invite 9 more people too: PM
— PMO India  (@PMOIndia) October 2, 2014
Modi’s initial nine include author and Goa governor Mridula Sinha, former cricketer Sachin Tendulkar, Congress MP Shashi Tharoor, yoga guru Ramdev, industrialist Anil Ambani and actors Kamal Haasan, Priyanka Chopra and Salman Khan. The team of ‘Tarak Mehta Ka Oolta Chashma’, a sitcom, have also been invited.
Over 600 million people in India, or about 53 percent of Indian households, defecate in the open, without using a toilet or latrine, according to the World Bank  (pdf), leading to high infant and child mortality. Inadequate sanitation alone costs the country over $54 billion —the entire GDP for Croatia—every year.
“If you see dirt anywhere, take a picture and upload in social media. Then take a video of you cleaning it and then upload the photo of the clean spot,” Modi instructed , adding that the eventual expectation was that individual citizens and government institutions spend 100 hours on cleanliness each year.
It may be far too early to assess whether Modi’s ambitious plan will work, nonetheless get ready to have your social media feeds inundated with ‘Clean India’ videos, particularly if Facebook’s Mark Zuckerburg, who is visiting this month, actually ends up  backing the campaign .
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

Pratibha Advani has helped transform NIITStory
Quick Learner
Advani and her team have worked extensively to win large transformational projects, which are above $10 million, like the ones with Euro Star, Virgin Australia and Cathay Pacific.
Pratibha K Advani, CFO, NIIT Technologies. Photo: Vivan Mehra
BT-Yes Bank Best CFOs Survey
Best Woman CFO
Winner: Pratibha K Advani, CFO, NIIT Technologies
As a child, Pratiba Advani wanted to study arts, but a discussion with her father made her crack the chartered accountant entrance exam. Today, Advani is Chief Financial Officer of NIIT Technologies.
Advani has worked with a diverse set of companies- from Kolkata-based tobacco-to-hotel conglomerate ITC to General Electric, Barclays and a handful of private equity firms. She learnt a bit from everyone-to be process driven from ITC, for instance. GE taught her commitment and to stay within the budget allotted and agreed upon, and Barclays taught her how to mitigitate risk.
When Advani joined in 2010, NIIT's entire budgeting was manual and consisted of 70 Microsoft Excel sheets. She introduced a SAP module, and collapsed the month-long process into three to four days.
She was also a part of a big transition from the "time and material" system, which meant working on an hourly basis where payment is calculated by multiplying the number of people by number of hours/days. But the IT industry is moving towards fixed pricing, where the client and the vendor agree to a certain amount and the client pays without bothering about the number of people and hours. Business from the new pricing model was about 20 per cent when Advani joined. Today, it is just over 40 per cent. Advani and her team have worked extensively to win large transformational projects, which are above $10 million, like the ones with Euro Star, Virgin Australia and Cathay Pacific.
How does it feel to have shifted from large companies like ITC and GE? "NIIT is, maybe, a smaller ocean but we are handling a much larger ship. We have 24 subsidiaries and branches across the globe," she says.

Proton beam group targets cancer advanceAdvanced Oncotherapy intends throwing new light on cancer therapy
By Kate Burgess
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c33ac726-3d8c-11e4-8797-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Old documentary on Mahatma Gandhi now in digital formatOct 02, 2014 at 12:56pm IST
Old documentary on Mahatma Gandhi now in digital format
9
0
New Delhi: A documentary on Mahatma Gandhi containing "rarest of the rare" video footage, including Bapu's first interview to a foreign journalist, has been digitised and will be available for public viewing soon.
"Mahatma Gandhi, 20th Century Prophet", an 1941 documentary made by travelogue writer and journalist A K Chettiar has been digitised with the help of the National Gandhi Museum.
The Museum plans to screen the 81-minute long film across various media platforms.
A documentary on Mahatma Gandhi containing "rarest of the rare" video footage, has been digitised.
#mahatma gandhi #documentary #a k chettiar #dwight david eisenhower
"The film first screened on August 15 1947 reportedly went "untraceable" in 1959," says A Annamalai, Director National Gandhi Museum.
The film, however was available in its original 15-MM format at a few places but could not be screened often because technical specifications had became outdated says Annamalai.
Chettiar had travelled more than one lakh kilometres within India and across countries to collect all the video archives and pictures of Gandhi to create the original documentary. The effort took him over three years.
The documentary was first screened as a film, with due permissions by the Censor Board in 1940 at Chennai's Roxy theatre with voice overs in Tamil. It was later dubbed into Telugu and subsequently in Hindi.
The documentary was also screened on August 15, 1947 in New Delhi which was attended by country's first president Rajendra Prasad.
"Former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi too attended the screening as her father and then Prime Minister Nehru could not make it to the event," says Annamalai.
Later, Chettiar got the film dubbed into English also and took it to the US where it was screened at San Francisco on February 10, 1953.
Attended by the then US president Dwight David Eisenhower, and his wife Mamie Geneva Doud the film's screening was also his first public function.
Chettiar made 16-mm films of the documentary, which he then distributed to some museums in 1959.
"With advent of time, there were were updates to projectors and newer specifications like 35 mm and so on. So original copies became redundant and went untraceable," says Annamalai.
The film has now been completely restored, its colour has been corrected, dust and scratches removed and sound improved.
"It now looks like a new film," says the NGM director.
"Moreover the film is now available in 2K resolution which means the pixel quality is so fine that it could also be played in cinema halls and theaters and can also be broadcast on television," says Annamalai.
9

Clean Up India: Campaign not just about cleanliness  also about health  says Harsh VardhanJharkhand elections: Sonia Gandhi urges people of Daltonganj to vote for Congress
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Lal Thanhawla launches Swachh Bharat Abhiyan in MizoramOct 02, 2014 at 12:51pm IST
Lal Thanhawla launches Swachh Bharat Abhiyan in Mizoram
11
0
Aizawl: Mizoram Chief Minister Lal Thanhawla launched the 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan' at a function in front of Mahatma Gandhi's statue in the centre of Aizawl's Mahatma Gandhi Square on Thursday morning.
Lal Thanhawla, his cabinet colleagues, legislators and top officials, wearing white head gears swept the main road in the Mahatma Gandhi Square to mark the beginning of cleanliness week and also launching of the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan.
Meanwhile, the launching of Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and observance of the cleanliness week was undertaken in all villages and urban areas across the state.
Mizoram Chief Minister Lal Thanhawla launched the 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan' at a function in front of Mahatma Gandhi's statue.
Organised by the village councils in the villages and local councils in the Aizawl Municipal Council area, local residents participated in voluntary cleaning of their respective villages and localities.
4

Nokia Lumia 730  830  930 Launched in IndiaNokia Lumia 730  830  930 Launched in India
Book profit in midcap cement stocks; bullish on IT packBook profit in midcap cement stocks; bullish on IT pack
Fall in monsoon rains driven by rise in air pollution: studyTweet
PTI:  
Emissions produced by human activity over the past 50 years have caused decline of the annual monsoon rainfall, on which billions of people - including in India - depend, a new study suggests.
In the second half of the 20th century, the levels of rain recorded during the Northern Hemisphere's summer monsoon fell by as much as 10 per cent, researchers said.
Changes to global rainfall patterns can have serious consequences for human health and agriculture, they said.
Scientists found that emissions of tiny air particles from man-made sources – known as anthropogenic aerosols – were the cause.
High levels of aerosols in the atmosphere cause heat from the Sun to be reflected back into space, lowering temperatures on the Earth's surface and reducing rainfall.
Levels of aerosol emissions have soared since the 1950s, with the most common sources being power stations and cars.
Researchers at the University of Edinburgh said their work provides clear evidence of human-induced rainfall change.
Alterations to summer monsoon rainfall affect the lives of billions of people, mostly those living in India, South East Asia and parts of Africa.
The team calculated the average summer monsoon rainfall in the Northern Hemisphere between 1951 and 2005. They used computer-based climate models to quantify the impact of increasing aerosol emissions and greenhouse gases over the same period.
They also took account of natural factors such as volcanic eruptions and climate variability to gauge the impact of human activity on the amount of monsoon rainfall.
Researchers say levels of man-made aerosols are expected to decline during the 21st century as countries begin adopting cleaner methods of power generation.
"This study shows for the first time that the drying of the monsoon over the past 50 years cannot be explained by natural climate variability and that human activity has played
a significant role in altering the seasonal monsoon rainfall on which billions of people depend," lead author Dr Debbie Polson, of the University of Edinburgh's School of
GeoSciences, said.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Europe bourses slip ahead of ECB meeting© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fe8314f2-49e2-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Weak demand in focus at annual oil eventWeak demand in focus at Asia oil event
By Emiko Terazono
Chatter on the Singapore party circuit centres around forecast cuts
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/504a5b94-496e-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why big infra projects get delayed in IndiaHi Guest
Why big infra projects get delayed in India
If there is one area in India that badly needs some, it is the planning and implementation of infrastructure projects, says Barun Roy.   Image: Godavari Rail Bridge. Photograph: Courtesy, Rishabhchandan /WikimediaCommons Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, in the dying days of his tenure, spoke of the need to inject "animal spirits" into the economy in order to revive and maintain its growth. If any one area badly needs a heavy dose of such an injection, it's the planning and implementation ...

Appointment of U.S.-based economist as India adviser hits Modi hurdleAppointment of U.S.-based economist as India adviser hits Modi hurdle
In Hng Kong s Umbrella Revolution  China confronts limits of its powerIn Hng Kong s Umbrella Revolution  China confronts limits of its power
Fenesta Launches its Signature Studio to Expand Retail OperationsFenesta Launches its Signature Studio to Expand Retail Operations
Mila Kunis  Ashton Kutcher welcome baby girlMila Kunis  Ashton Kutcher welcome baby girl
Give Your Cibil Credit Score a Festive BoostYou are here: Home Your Money
Give Your Cibil Credit Score a Festive Boost
Creditvidya.com | Updated On: September 30, 2014 13:03 (IST)
RBI Issues Clarification on Credit Cards
Each bank has its own criteria for lending. However, Cibil score of the borrower is a big factor in determining the lending rates and amount. Most banks would prefer borrowers with a Cibil score of 750 or above, some even have a cut-off of 790. This festival season is a great opportunity to improve your credit score.
When Sumi Ghonorkar was a child, Diwali was a magical time -- Family get-togethers, new clothes, gifts, sweets and lots of crackers. Now she is 35 and Diwali means cleaning up the house, giving bonuses, expenses for clothes, sweets and crackers and giving into the marketing blitz of offers and deals and buying an expensive consumer durable. For Sumi it also means a tough few months, as she has to balance budget and cut corners to overcome the festival spending. Often this spending would be on credit cards and being unable to pay the amount in full interest charges would add to the burden.
Many of us are in similar situation during festive times. Often, this binge of spending leads to defaults in payment bringing down your credit score.
Use the festive season to push up the credit score
Festival time can be a make or break as far as credit scores go. With some sensible planning you can actually give your credit score a boost. Credit card activity improves your credit history and builds up your credit score. Use your credit card to get great offers, add up reward points and increase your credit score
Rider: Ensure that you make all your payments on time. Late payments and defaults will sharply bring down your score.
Plan in advance for large purchases
Often sales and special offers come up from retailers. The best offers may not be during festive times hence it makes sense to plan in advance and buy things you are sure you will need during the period when there are sales and offers.
Rider: In the excitement of a sale, one often tends to buy things you do not really need resulting in overspending
Use an instalment loan
An instalment loan or an EMI loan is when you buy an asset and pay back a fixed amount each month with principal and interest. The fixed amount is paid back for a specified time period which will be stated in the contract between the lender and the borrower.
Paying on an instalment loan over a length of time will give you a chance to build a good payment history, which accounts for around 30 per cent of your credit score. Therefore, making consistent on time payments on your instalment loan will give your credit rating a nice lift. Also it adds an unsecured instalment loan in your credit mix further enhancing your score.
Rider: An instalment that misses a payment instantly shows up negatively in your credit score. Pay on time to get the advantage in your credit score.
Disclaimer: All information in this article has been provided by Creditvidya.com and NDTV Profit is not responsible for the accuracy and completeness of the same.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 13:03 (IST)

Apollo Hospitals shares gain on tie up with Sanofi for diabetes centreApollo Hospitals shares gain on tie up with Sanofi for diabetes centre
Abhishek Vishnoi        Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 12:09 IST
Photo: Reuters
Shares of Apollo Hospitals Enterprise gained 1.51 per cent on Wednesday after it joined hands with Sanofi India to set up 50 clinics to provide diabetes care.
Analysts said Apollo would benefit by potentially attracting more patients to its main hospitals.
Shares of Appollo Hospitals were trading at Rs 1137 on BSE (Bombay Stock Exchange)a piece per scrip at 12:02 pm.
(Reuters)

Microsoft launches new range of Lumia devicesNew Delhi, October 1, 2014
Updated: October 1, 2014 23:33 IST
Microsoft launches 3 Lumia handsets
Yuthika Bhargava
The Hindu Ajey Mehta, MD, Nokia India Sales Pvt Ltd at the announcement of sale of new series of Nokia Lumia smartphones in New Delhi on Wednesday. Photo: R.V. Moorthy
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Lumia 830 will be available in India from October 8 at Rs.28, 799, Lumia 730 will be available starting October 6 at Rs.15, 299 and Lumia 930 will be available from October 15 at Rs.38, 649.
Expanding its Lumia series of devices, Microsoft Devices, on Wednesday, launched three new handsets — Lumia 730, 830 and 930 — priced at Rs.15,299, Rs.28,799 and Rs.38,649, respectively.
“We are focussed on growing the Windows Phone ecosystem. Our user base has been consistently growing. We have introduced three new devices, which, we believe, will help us consolidate our position in the mid-price smartphone market,” Ajey Mehta, Managing Director of Nokia India, a subsidiary of Microsoft Mobile Oy, said.
The Lumia 830 comes with a 10-megapixel PureView camera, Windows Phone 8.1 operating system with Lumia Denim update and OneDrive with 15 GB of free storage. It will be available from October 8. The Lumia 730 is a dual SIM phone that comes with a 5MP front facing camera for Skype video calls, and will be available from October 6.
The Lumia 930 has a 20MP PureView camera, a 2.2 GHz Snapdragon quad-core processor, and comes integrated Microsoft services like OneDrive and Microsoft Office. The device will be available from October 15. .

MCFL Shuts Urea Plant as Government Permission ExpiresYou are here: Home Corporates
MCFL Shuts Urea Plant as Government Permission Expires
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 01, 2014 22:00 (IST)
Royal Enfield on Expansion Mode, to Set Up Third Plant
New Delhi: Fertiliser firm MCFL on Wednesday shut its urea plant due to expiry of government permission for production of farm nutrient from high cost feedstock naptha.
"... our urea plant has been shut from October 1. The company will inform the stock exchanges of any further development," MCFL said in a filing.
On August 27, the government had approved the continuation of production of urea from three plants including the MCFL plant using naptha as feedstock for a duration of three months which ended on September 30.
As per the modified NPS III urea policy, on the basis of which cost of production of urea is calculated, the high cost naphtha-based urea units namely SPIC Tuticorn, MFL Manali and MCFL were allowed to continue the production of urea till the gas availability and connectivity provided or June 2014 whichever is earlier, beyond which subsidy to these plants will not be paid.
Meanwhile, the Fertilizer Ministry has circulated a cabinet note for giving further extension to these units to continue production but the subsidy will be paid on the basis of cost of imported gas not on naptha, according to sources.
Further extension to these plants at the moment seems difficult as it will result in additional subsidy burden, they said.
During 2013-14, the cost of production of per tonne of urea from each of these units was more than Rs 43,000, while in case of units using domestic gas as feedstock, the price hovers in between Rs 10,000 and Rs 18,000 per tonne.
The retail price of urea is fixed at Rs 5,360 per tonne. Also, the company has been forced to shut down the plant on the same day, when the open offer of both Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari Group for acquiring a 26 per cent stake in Mangalore Chemicals has started.
The company has capacity to manufacture 3,80,000 tonnes of urea and 2,56,000 tonnes of complex fertilisers annually.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 20:17 (IST)

Godrej Consumer Acquires 100% Stake of Darling Group in GhanaYou are here: Home Corporates
Godrej Consumer to Acquire 100 Per Cent Stake of Darling Group in Ghana
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 01, 2014 23:09 (IST)
Royal Enfield on Expansion Mode, to Set Up Third Plant
New Delhi: Godrej Consumer Products (GCPL) on Wednesday said it would fully acquire the hair extensions business of the Darling Group in Ghana.
The company informed the BSE it "has entered into an agreement with the Darling Group for acquisition of 100 per cent stake in the hair extensions business in Ghana".
GCPL had in February 2014 completed the acquisition of 100 per cent stake in Darling Nigeria.
"With this acquisition, GCPL will own 100 per cent of the hair extensions businesses of both Nigeria and Ghana in West Africa," GCPL noted.
In June 2011, GCPL had acquired a 51 per cent stake in African hair care company Darling Group Holdings for an undisclosed amount.
Darling Group Holdings operates in 14 countries across Africa selling hair extension products under brand names like 'Darling' and 'Amigos'.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 23:00 (IST)

Why rumours outrace truth online: New website measures how untrue stories areE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

http://usat.ly/1uewRRgFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Festival set to celebrate craft beer's ascendance
Heading into the annual Great American Beer Festival, the craft beer movement continues to see growth. While overall beer sales have been flat in recent years, craft beer continues to grow.
Post to Facebook
Festival set to celebrate craft beer's ascendance Heading into the annual Great American Beer Festival, the craft beer movement continues to see growth. While overall beer sales have been flat in recent years, craft beer continues to grow. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vypXH8
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Festival set to celebrate craft beer's ascendance
Mike Snider , USA TODAY 4:48 p.m. EDT October 1, 2014
The 2014 Great American Beer Festival.
(Photo: Brewers Association)
122 CONNECT 70 TWEET LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
DENVER — The craft beer movement continues its healthy buzz.
While overall beer sales have been essentially flat in recent years – and overall production has fallen slightly – craft beer continues to grow. Craft beer's share of the nearly $100 million U.S. beer market rose to 14% in 2013, up from 10% two years ago, while total sales have stagnated.
And interest in beer is overflowing, too. Sales of tickets for the annual Great American Beer Festival, which kicks off here Thursday and runs through Saturday, sold out in 32 minutes when they went on sale in July.
A fantasy draft brings sport to beer festival
In all, about 49,000 attendees will descend on the Colorado Convention Center to taste — and serve — a festival record 3,500-plus beers from more than 700 breweries.
The annual festival comes as the number of U.S. craft breweries is multiplying at a phenomenal rate. More than 3,000 microbreweries and brewpubs, as well as regional and nationally-known brewers, are in operation today — the biggest boom in modern times.
And the public's appetite for craft beer is far from sated. There are more than 1,000 breweries in the planning stages, according to the Brewers Association, which puts on the festival.
Pumpkin beer season starts early
If expansion continues, the number of U.S. breweries could hit a new high soon, surpassing the more than 4,100 breweries in the pre-Prohibition days of the late 19th century.
"Craft beer has been growing at double digits for quite a few years now, and as the major breweries are declining, people are turning to more interesting beers," says Ken Grossman, founder of Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. "Craft brewers have really changed the dynamic of brewing in this country and even globally. A lot of breweries around the world now come to look at what's happened in the United States and the innovation and the excitement around beer and brewing."
Beers poured at the Great American Beer Festival in Denver in October 2013 for the judging competition.
(Photo: Brewers Association)
National demand for Sierra Nevada's beer led Grossman and the company, based in Chico, Calif., to recently open a new brewery in Mills River, N.C.
Expansion is rampant among larger craft breweries. Colorado's New Belgium is also expanding into nearby Asheville, N.C., and Oskar Blues, another Colorado brewery, already has a second brewery operating in North Carolina just south of Sierra's.
Elsewhere, San Diego's Green Flash has a new brewery in the works in Virginia Beach, Escondido, Calif.-based Stone Brewing Co., which just announced a brewery in Germany, is still scouting a location in the eastern half of the United States. Lagunitas Brewing Co., of Petaluma, Calif., has a second production site underway in Chicago.
As craft beer sales continue to rise, brewers are creating experimental beers to satisfy ever-adventurous drinkers. That's reflected in several new styles that will be judged at the festival, including wild beers and historical beers.
While some industry observers have been forecasting a craft beer bubble that could burst soon, IBISWorld industry analyst Nick Petrillo expects craft beer growth to continue to outpace other parts of the alcoholic beverage industry for the next five years.
The research firm projects industry revenue to grow about 7% over each of the next five years. "Revenue increases from local craft brewers over the past five years have been unprecedented, especially when one considers the relatively modest growth that some of the largest global beer manufacturers are currently experiencing," Petrillo says.
The 2014 Great American Beer Festival.
(Photo: Brewers Association)
That may mean growth will slow a bit, he says. But "there is no indication as of yet that consumers are slowing their purchases."
Follow Mike Snider on Twitter: @MikeSnider
122 CONNECT 70 TWEET LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vypXH8
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Govt asks bureaucrats to sit together and brainstorm  come up with innovative ideasbureaucrats
(It has added that the aim…)
NEW DELHI: The Modi government now wants senior bureaucrats across the country to sit together and brainstorm in order to come up with innovative ideas, telling all states that civil servants must not remain confined to the narrow domains of their respective services and not share their experiences with their peers.
A first-of-its kind fiveday long 'Inter-Services Workshop' is being organised by the Centre in November, which will be an annual feature, so that senior bureaucrats who have put in 12-14 years of service can sit together and share their experiences of governance with each other, the Prime Minister-led Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) has written to chief secretaries of all states on September 26.
"There is no institutional mechanism by which officers at senior levels cutting across different services can come together and interact on a regular basis. It has been observed and felt that in absence of such a mechanism the officers remain confined to the narrow domains of their respective services, thereby defeating the very purpose for having such an extensive civil service in the country," says the DoPT letter to all states.
It adds that need for such an institutional interaction has been "long felt" in the backdrop of the pivotal role being played by the Indian Civil Service in policy formulation, planning and implementation in the country.
It has added that the aim of the workshop will be to share experiences of respective services, best practices adopted in policy, procedures and delivery mechanisms and the outstanding work done by the officers of different departments and other sectors.
"There will also be discussions on common problems affecting civil services and having a brainstorming session/s on the role and future of civil services in this rapidly changing scenario in the globalised environment. A comprehensive 'Way Forward' may also be worked out," the DoPT has said, saying it is a good initiative to begin with by bringing together officers who have put in 12-14 years of service.
"It is believed that sharing of experiences of respective services, best practices adopted in policy, procedures and delivery mechanisms and the excellent work done by the officers of different departments and other sectors, discussions on common problems affecting different services and having a brainstorming on the role and future of civil services in this rapidly changing scenario will go a long way in strengthening the civil services in India and in turn having a strong and vibrant administrative framework in India," the DoPT letter says.
The DoPT has added that such a mechanism, apart from keeping the officers informed of the dynamic changes in different sectors of governance, could ideally serve as a platform for them to interact on different issues of governance, share experiences on best practices and come out with innovative and conceptual ideas. DoPT has asked states to nominate officers from all civil services like IAS , IPS , IFS, IRS and IES among other services for the same.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Technology should be used to fight illiteracy  poverty: Anand Kumar at MITTechnology should not become a tool in the hands of the elite and must be used as a weapon in the fight against illiteracy and poverty, the founder of the well-known Super 30 tutorial programme in Bihar has said.
Advertisement
Anand Kumar said in his address at the prestigious Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in the US that "Technology should not just remain a tool to make big money.
It should be made a big weapon in the fight against illiteracy so that even the poorest could get quality education, which a huge population of the world remains deprived of. This costs the world a lot of talent".
Kumar is the founder of Super 30, an educational programme that started in Patna. Established in 2002, the programme selects 30 meritorious and talented candidates each year from economically backward sections of society and trains them for the IIT-JEE, the entrance examination for the Indian Institutes of Technology.
Kumar was invited by MIT and Harvard University to speak on his globally-acclaimed effort to mentor underprivileged students for admission to the IITs.
Giving the examples of several Super 30 students who were first generation learners and from underprivileged backgrounds, Kumar exhorted the technological experts from world's top university to not let technology become a tool in the hands of the elite and the privileged, rather let it reach out to the needy in society.
"Time has come for the tech experts to move out of the labs to get a feel of world's pressing problems and find solutions. Problem across the globe is more or less the same - of poverty and deprivation," Kumar said.
"Spare a thought for those who don't even get electricity and clean water even in this advanced age. Technology should not create islands, but help develop inclusive society," he said, adding human dimension to science and technology would make the world a much better place.
Kumar said, war machines could win us wars, but could not give us peace and enlightenment - so important for happiness.
"Today, world wants technology to save humanity and give it dignity. And it requires cooperation from all sections. A beautiful world is what we all need - a world free from poverty and illiteracy, a world with true understanding and compassion," he asserted.
His address was followed by a long discussion in which people asked a number of questions.
Experiencing acute poverty in his student days, which prevented him from going to Cambridge University for higher education, Kumar made it a mission to help poor students realise their dreams. 308 students from Super 30 have made it to the IITs out of 360 who have been trained at the institute so far. The programme also provides food and accommodation free of cost.

Japan volcano dead found crushed between boulders: reportJapan volcano victims crushed between boulders
AFP
print
Rescuers searching the volcano that erupted without warning in Japan found dead hikers wedged between huge rocks and people half buried in ash, it emerged Thursday.
At least 47 people are now known to have died in Japan's worst volcanic disaster in nearly 90 years. But a number of people remain unaccounted for, with fears some could be entombed in the thick, sticky ash that now coats the peak after Saturday's eruption.
Firefighters carry a hiker during rescue operations near the peak of Mount Ontake, which straddles Nagano and Gifu prefectures, in central Japan. (Reuters)
Heavy rain forced police, troops and firefighters to abandon their search of Mount Ontake on Thursday, the latest reminder of the hostility of the 3,067 metre (10,121-feet) mountain, which is still billowing steam and toxic gas.
Police rescuers found ash 40-50 centimetres (16-20 inches) deep at the shrine on the peak, with some of those killed found collapsed and half-buried, the Mainichi newspaper reported.
Five bodies were stuck in between jagged boulders up to three metres (nine feet) across, with emergency workers having to use specialist rock-breaking tools to free them, the paper said.Watch: Rescue efforts resume even as Japan's deadliest volcano continues to spew ash
Another rescuer told the Nikkan Sports daily that moving around on the bed of ash was difficult because of the way it had mixed with steam.
"It sticks like damp concrete," he said.
Rescue workers are having to tread extremely carefully because of worries that the blanket of ash they are walking on could be hiding crevices, or unstable rocks.
Autopsies have revealed that hikers, many of whom had been enjoying lunch in the autumn sunshine at the peak, died largely from injuries caused by stones hurled out in the initial explosive eruption at up to 300 kilometres (190 miles) an hour.
   
'Panic'
"The bulk of the rocks are estimated to be between the size of a human fist and a head," said Takayuki Kaneko, a vulcanologist at the University of Tokyo's Earthquake Research Institute.
"They fell so densely that some broke up (after hitting other rocks and objects) and scattered," he told public broadcaster NHK.
"I think people there must have had no idea where to run and been plunged into panic," he said.
Footage of early rescue efforts released by the Tokyo Fire Department showed a wooden shelter in which walkers had sought refuge punctured by jagged rocks.
Rescuers walk after landing by Japan Self-Defense Force (JSDF) helicopter for rescue operations near the peak of Mount Ontake. (Reuters)
Inside, futon mattresses lay on the floor, where some of the injured had spent the night before their rescue on Sunday.
But not everyone in the hut had survived; the body of one young man lay sprawled and lifeless in one of the makeshift beds.
Mount Ontake was packed with hikers when it burst angrily to life on Saturday lunchtime. Many would have been there to witness the spectacular colours of the countryside as it turned to autumn.
Hiking is a hugely popular pastime in Japan, with mountain trails promoted by tourism officials who ask walkers to sign in when they begin their trek and sign out again when they finish.
But a local tourism association told the Asahi Shimbun earlier this week that only 10 to 20 percent of hikers do so.
All 47 dead have been identified, but media reports said up to 20 people still could not be accounted for, leading to fears their bodies may still be on the volcano.

Modi visit very successful: US think tank | ...Insurability
("The two sides reiterated…)
WASHINGTON: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's US visit was "very successful" on many counts as he reached out to various interest groups in the US in unprecedented ways, according to a leading US think tank.
"On many counts this was a very successful visit," Richard M. Rossow, the Wadhwani Chair in US-India Policy Studies at the Centre for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) here, wrote in a commentary.
"The two sides reiterated past commitments and found new areas for cooperation," he said. "Modi reached out to various interest groups here in the US in unprecedented ways."
Though "some of the issues that have divided the two nations in recent years remain unresolved, overall, the revised agenda appears well balanced, with fewer 'joint' initiatives that are really just thinly disguised unilateral interests," he wrote.
This approach should facilitate follow-through on both sides, Rossow wrote, noting four key highlights from the visit.
These, according to him, were a new willingness to collaborate on a wider set of global issues, US support for Modi's economic goals, Modi's "interesting attempt" to engage the American public directly and Modi's new willingness to engage with business leaders directly.
"For a leader without national-level leadership experience, Modi has shown a deft hand at foreign policy," Rossow said. "He is quite pragmatic and clearly on a mission to speed up India's development.
"Holding grudges over past issues does not appear to be his style.
"He understands that the US can be a key partner in helping him meet his goals for the country - better infrastructure, more industrial development and domestic and regional security."
According to Rossow, Modi made a concerted effort to engage four distinct groups while in the US: Government, Business, Indian-American Diaspora and American Public.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Paris Fashion Week fought off fatigue with older models  Canadian tuxedos  and a Kardashian invasionTap image to zoom
Nicolas Ghesquiere(AP Photo/Jacques Brinon)
After the Louis Vuitton show, where denim also appeared, creative director Nicolas Ghesquiere took his bow in the favorite outfit of French exchange students everywhere: a jean jacket and jeans.
4. Except for one problem
When Quartz tech editor Dan Frommer packed for Paris last week, he naturally wanted to bring his favorite French-designed jeans, by APC. But when he went to put his new iPhone 6 Plus in his pocket —Sacre bleu!—it didn’t fit. (If you find this issue compelling,  here is some extensive reading for you.)
At APC’s Fashion Week presentation on Tuesday—where Frommer was forced to wear Uniqlo jeans to accommodate his 6 Plus—he asked the brand’s founder and creative director, Jean Touitou, whether he was considering altering the pockets on APC’s dungarees for iPhone devotees.
“I don’t really care,” Touitou told Frommer, quite Frenchily. “I’m not a nerd. I’m a nerd with literature, not with iPhone, even if I have one. It’s a very useful tool. But I don’t understand that religion.”
Perhaps an Apple Watch would alleviate some of the need for a giant phone? It’s hard to tell without trying it on—which attendees at an Apple Watch viewing party at the concept store Colette did not get to do, as Frommer reported (still in those Uniqlo jeans).
5. Karl Lagerfeld staged a fake feminist rally—but the real power dressing is at Céline
Tap image to zoom
Chanel second-wave.(Reuters/Gonzalo Fuentes)
Chanel creative director Karl Lagerfeld loves to make a scene, and his his finale staged to resemble a feminist rally was no exception.
The co-opting of second-wave feminism  rankled some , while others ( moi ) found it to be a timely acknowledgement that female empowerment is, as always, in fashion.
That said, fashion-loving feminists know when it comes to power dressing, Céline designer Phoebe Philo trumps Lagerfeld, sans contest.
Tap image to zoom
Céline Spring 2015.(AP Photo/Francois Mori)
Her show this season opened with Kate Bush’s  chill-inducing ballad, “This Woman’s Work.” Here it is on Spotify , where I listened to it as I watched a slideshow of the Céline collection at Style.com . (Immersive!)
Philo’s understanding of what stylish, smart, and uncompromising women want to wear has earned her a deeply devoted fan-base. Some apparently call them Philophiles .
Tap image to zoom
Phoebe Philo: This is what a Pheminist looks like.(AP Photo)
And for a feminist role model, you could do a lot worse. Philo not only designs beautiful clothes for busy women, her career management is inspiring to many who strive for success and satisfaction at work and at home: building a mind-blowing business , bowing out for maternity leaves on her own terms, and moving Céline’s design headquarters from Paris to her home in London.
6. The Kardashians achieved total infiltration
Baby North West traveled to Paris for Fashion Week, where she sat in the front row at the Balenciaga show with her parents, Kim Kardashian and Kanye West. They appeared many, many more places during the week, as did Kardashian sister Kendall Jenner, who was there for work. (She’s a model.)
The Kardashian’s Parisian invasion comes with the help of a powerful ambassador: the Frenchiest of the French editors, Carine Roitfeld.
Despite her sharp-heeled, pencil-skirted, smoldering look, Roitfeld is warm and loyal to those close to her, and seems to have taken Kim under her wing after putting her on the cover of her magazine , CR Fashion Book, last year.
Even Kardashian mom Kris Jenner was at Roitfeld’s birthday celebration Tuesday night. But another mother-daughter combo felt omnipresent in the Paris collections…
7. Jane Birkin and Charlotte Gainsbourg were everywhere—not in a Kardashian way, but in spirit
Tap image to zoom
Chloe, Spring 2015: You look familiar.(AP Photo/Jacques Brinon)
Jane Birkin became a beloved style icon for her insouciant, minimal, post-hippie style during her  well-documented  relationship  with French singer Serge Gainsbourg  in the sixties and seventies. (Seriously, those bangs .) It’s well-trod fashion territory, and those lacy white minidresses, high-waisted jeans, and center-parted locks marched the runways again this year—most notably at Chloé and Louis Vuitton, but also at Valentino and even Chanel.
Where the look came across a bit darker and more rock and roll—see: Givenchy , Saint Laurent, and, again, Louis Vuitton —one could easily picture Birkin’s daughter, Charlotte Gainsbourg, wearing the clothes.

Times Higher Education rankings:IISc top varsity in India  Panjab University secondTimes Higher Education rankings:IISc top varsity in India  Panjab University second
As Pimco bleeds assets  Gross shows risk of ...As Pimco bleeds assets, Bill Gross shows risk of star culture
By Reuters | 2 Oct, 2014, 11.45AM IST
0
Share More
Gross's new employer, Janus Capital, saw its shares soar nearly 40 per cent as investors bet Gross would act as a magnet for investor funds.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Bill Gross' exit from Pimco has seen billions of dollars leave the fund group and even more value wiped off the share price of its parent company, offering a warning both to firms who rely on star managers and the investors who chase them.
Gross's flagship Pimco Total Return Fund lost money every month from May last year, totalling nearly $70 billion by the end of August, Lipper data shows. More money has left since he was escorted to the door of the firm he co-founded in 1971.
With much of a mutual or hedge fund firm's value tied up in the brain power of its employees, as opposed to bricks, mortar and other hard assets, the loss of an important employee - known in the trade as "key man risk" - exposes the firm to asset flight which can even force it to sell holdings at a loss.
From the corporate blow dealt to Invesco Perpetual after it lost high-performing fund boss Neil Woodford earlier this year to the investors forced to move after hedge fund Highbridge Capital closed its Asia fund when its regional head left in 2011, the risk is industry-wide and notoriously disruptive.
Some have sought to protect themselves by fostering a 'team culture', while others, such as hedge fund Brevan Howard, have used employee non-compete clauses and turned to the courts in a bid to limit the impact of important staff leaving.
"Fund firms are caught in a delicate balancing act," said Julian Bartlett, a partner at consultants Grant Thornton.
"They realise that star managers sell, but that they also create a vulnerability if the firm over-promotes the fact that the success of a strategy is down to an individual," he added.
BETTER TO STAY?
Pimco's parent company Allianz saw its shares shed $5 billion in a panic selloff on the day Gross left, a fall that implied a drop in assets at Pimco of nearly twice the amount managed by Gross.
While the share reaction was "massively overdone", a London-based European fund manager said on the day, analysts at Morningstar nevertheless downgraded Pimco's Total Return Fund to "Bronze" from "Gold" citing uncertainty around just how much money would follow Gross out the door.
By contrast, Gross's new employer, Janus Capital , saw its shares soar nearly 40 per cent as investors bet Gross would act as a magnet for investor funds.
But those who stay put may have played the better hand.
Lipper data shows that the heir to the throne of the "Bond King", Dan Ivascyn, has been a more successful manager in recent years, making nearly three times the gains recorded by Gross over three and five years, and was on the way to beating him again in 2014, although at a much lower asset base.
Page 1 of 3

PM Modi pays surprise visit to police stationPM Modi pays surprise visit to police station
IANS  New Delhi, October 02, 2014
First Published: 11:26 IST(2/10/2014) | Last Updated: 11:35 IST(2/10/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday paid a surprise visit to the Mandir Marg police station in central Delhi to check how clean it was.
On his way to the Valmiki Colony to launch his Clean India campaign, Modi suddenly stopped his car and walked into the police station, a police officer who witnessed it all told IANS.
The inspection was not planned and took the officials accompanying Modi by surprise.
The prime minister spent a few minutes at the police station checking the sanitation and other facilities.

Seedfund s three founders plan to go their o...Seedfund's three founders plan to go their own way
ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 12.30PM IST
Tags:
(Seedfund is best known for…)
By Snigdha Sengupta & Madhav Chanchani
MUMBAI: Change is afoot at Seedfund, an early stage investment firm that is best known for recording one of the most profitable exits in India's nascent venture capital industry.
The three founding partners of the fund - Pravin Gandhi , Bharati Jacob and Mahesh Murthy - are going their own way. The firm, which is nearly a decade old, has shelved plans to raise a third fund, said two people aware of the developments.
Seedfund, which manages a combined corpus of about $70 million across two funds, the first of which was raised in 2006, earned windfall returns last year when online ticketing company redBus was acquired by South Africa's Naspers for about $100 million. "It is not unusual for teams to split in the venture capital industry . Personally , I plan to step down from an active investing role and have decided not to participate in yet another fund as a general partner," said Gandhi, the seniormost founding partner while confirming the development.
There have been other instances of partners choosing to go their own way in India's fast-growing venture industry. In April, Sandeep Murthy, general partner with Sherpalo Ventures, parted ways with the Silicon Valley firm to launch his own outfit, Lightbox Ventures.
Earlier, Silicon Valley serial entrepreneur Vinod Dham stepped down as founding partner at Bangalore-based IndoUS Venture Partners (IUVP), while Sequoia Capital ended its partnership with WestBridge Capital Partners.
Jacob, who is Seedfund's Bangalore-based partner, declined to discuss specifics only saying, "We are cur rently fully engaged with portfolio companies and investing from our current funds."
As did Murthy, who works out of Mumbai. "We are committed to Seedfund II. There is nothing more to announce right now," he said. However, people with knowledge of the developments told ET that Jacob is likely to launch a new fund — with a corpus of about $60-70 million — that will focus on seed investments. Gandhi may be an advisor to the proposed fund, according to the sources.
Seedfund's investment team, including Sanjay Anandaram, Paula Mariwala and Shailesh Vickram Singh, are all expected to join Jacob's new fund.
"I may take a look at being an advisor in Bharati's fund. But right now, all three of us are committed to completing investments from Fund II. We will obviously continue to manage the portfolio till those investments are exited," said Gandhi.
Seedfund's second fund, launched in 2011, with a $54million corpus, has invested in 24 companies so far, including e-commerce startups Done By None and Voonik, events focused mobile app Nearify, and affordable dental care chain MyDentist. Gandhi said the fund will be fully utilised by December and it may add another 2-3 deals to the portfolio.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Brent hovers at 27-month low on abundant supplyBrent fell the most since 2012 in the past quarter and could struggle to recover amid an oversupplied market that has kept prices below $100.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE: Brent crude futures hovered near $94 a barrel on Thursday and were close to their lowest level in more than two years, reflecting sustained pressure from plentiful global supply and weak demand conditions in Europe and China.
Brent fell the most since 2012 in the past quarter and could struggle to recover amid an oversupplied market that has kept prices below $100 for more than three weeks now.
While a mending US economy bodes well for a potential rebound in oil prices in the last quarter of the year, sluggish economic signals elsewhere may limit gains.
"Ultimately weak demand conditions in Europe and China mean that aggressive gains are going to be hard to come by," said Ankit Pahuja, commodity strategist at Australia and New Zealand Banking Group (ANZ).
Investors are eyeing the outcome of the European Central Bank's meeting later in the day, in particular wanting to see the details of a new asset-buying plan to revive the flagging eurozone economy.
Data on Wednesday showed China's manufacturing sector held up in September but remained subdued.
Brent oil for November delivery was off 8 cents at $94.08 a barrel by 0623 GMT. The contract fell as low as $93.78 on Wednesday, its weakest since June 2012.
US November crude eased 4 cents to $90.69 per barrel, within striking distance of 16-month lows touched in early September.
SAUDI CHALLENGE
With oil prices continuing to slide, the pressure is building up on the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to reduce output during its meeting next month.
While analysts expect OPEC to adjust the group's output target of 30 million barrels per day (bpd) for early 2015, the actual cut may not be big enough to spur a spike in oil prices.
OPEC Secretary General Abdullah al-Badri said last month he expected the group's production to drop to around 29.5 million bpd in 2015.
"We think there will be some reduction from OPEC but whether it's as aggressive as some have forecast in the market is still a bit of a question mark," said ANZ's Pahuja.
"The challenge is going to be whether Saudi Arabia wants to give up market share to returning supply from Iran and Libya."
Saudi Arabia on Wednesday announced a bigger-than-expected cut in its official oil sales price to Asia in November, the clearest sign yet that the world's top exporter is trying to compete for crude market share and keep oil markets well supplied.
National Australia Bank has cut its average Brent price forecast for 2015 to $103 from $105, saying weaker economic conditions in China, Japan and much of Europe have pushed demand expectations lower despite some optimism in the United States, the UK and India.
"Market expectations of oil prices have fallen sharply since June as ample supply and weak demand continue to outweigh concerns over geopolitical tensions in the Middle East," NAB analysts said in a note.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Brent hovers at 27-mth low on abundant supplyBrent fell the most since 2012 in the past quarter and could struggle to recover amid an oversupplied market that has kept prices below $100.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE: Brent crude futures hovered near $94 a barrel on Thursday and were close to their lowest level in more than two years, reflecting sustained pressure from plentiful global supply and weak demand conditions in Europe and China.
Brent fell the most since 2012 in the past quarter and could struggle to recover amid an oversupplied market that has kept prices below $100 for more than three weeks now.
While a mending US economy bodes well for a potential rebound in oil prices in the last quarter of the year, sluggish economic signals elsewhere may limit gains.
"Ultimately weak demand conditions in Europe and China mean that aggressive gains are going to be hard to come by," said Ankit Pahuja, commodity strategist at Australia and New Zealand Banking Group (ANZ).
Investors are eyeing the outcome of the European Central Bank's meeting later in the day, in particular wanting to see the details of a new asset-buying plan to revive the flagging eurozone economy.
Data on Wednesday showed China's manufacturing sector held up in September but remained subdued.
Brent oil for November delivery was off 8 cents at $94.08 a barrel by 0623 GMT. The contract fell as low as $93.78 on Wednesday, its weakest since June 2012.
US November crude eased 4 cents to $90.69 per barrel, within striking distance of 16-month lows touched in early September.
SAUDI CHALLENGE
With oil prices continuing to slide, the pressure is building up on the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to reduce output during its meeting next month.
While analysts expect OPEC to adjust the group's output target of 30 million barrels per day (bpd) for early 2015, the actual cut may not be big enough to spur a spike in oil prices.
OPEC Secretary General Abdullah al-Badri said last month he expected the group's production to drop to around 29.5 million bpd in 2015.
"We think there will be some reduction from OPEC but whether it's as aggressive as some have forecast in the market is still a bit of a question mark," said ANZ's Pahuja.
"The challenge is going to be whether Saudi Arabia wants to give up market share to returning supply from Iran and Libya."
Saudi Arabia on Wednesday announced a bigger-than-expected cut in its official oil sales price to Asia in November, the clearest sign yet that the world's top exporter is trying to compete for crude market share and keep oil markets well supplied.
National Australia Bank has cut its average Brent price forecast for 2015 to $103 from $105, saying weaker economic conditions in China, Japan and much of Europe have pushed demand expectations lower despite some optimism in the United States, the UK and India.
"Market expectations of oil prices have fallen sharply since June as ample supply and weak demand continue to outweigh concerns over geopolitical tensions in the Middle East," NAB analysts said in a note.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Times Higher Education rankings: IISc top varsity in India  Panjab University 2ndComments
The Indian Institute of Science and Panjab University are the top universities in India, according to the Times Higher Education World University Rankings 2014-15 released on Wednesday.
While an Indian institute is yet to figure in the top 200, both IISc Bangalore and Panjab University have been ranked in the 276-300 bracket. Incidentally IISc made a debut this year.
California Institute of Technology holds on to the world number one spot for the fourth consecutive year, ahead of Harvard University in second and the University of Oxford at third place.
Panjab University vice chancellor AK Grover told HT, “We are sad because we have slipped by 50 points this year. But we are happy that we are put in the same bracket as IISc.”
“It is good news that India now has two universities in the world top 300. But it should be a cause for serious concern that  India  does not yet have a top-200 entrant, and does not seem to be making enough progress up the rankings,” Phil Baty, the editor of Times Higher Education World University Rankings, said.
The methodology for ranking  the various institutes  consists of 13 criteria in 5 categories which includes teaching  (30% weightage),  learning environment, research (30%), citation impact (30%),  international outlook 7.5%),  industry income( 2.5%)

PM Narendra Modi wields a broom  launches Rs 62 000 crore Swachh Bharat campaignE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Technology should not just remain a tool to make big money: Super 30 s Anand KumarTechnology should not just remain a tool to make big money: Super 30's Anand Kumar
PTI | Washington | Published:  Oct 02 2014, 12:21  IST
Oct 02 2014, 12:21  IST
 

Beijing needs to recognize that there are different types of Chinese peopleBeijing needs to recognize that there are different types of Chinese people
October 2, 2014
Protesters in Hong Kong. (Reuters/Carlos Barria)
SHARE
The Future of Hong Kong
October 2, 2014
Hong Kong’s Occupy Central protests, now in their fifth day, are primarly about Beijing’s refusal to allow the city’s residents to choose their own political leaders. But they have roots in everything from the Chinese government’s  crackdown on dissent and free speech  to the very essence of what it means to be from Hong Kong. Kacey Wong , an artist and professor at Hong Kong Polytechnic University who started a competition to create an official Umbrella Revolution logo, spoke to Quartz’s Heather Timmons about what’s bringing Hong Kongers to the streets. Some of the entries from the competition are included below.
The way that you should really look at the Hong Kong protests is that there is a war on our culture. If we win, we get to keep our culture and our way of life, and if we lose, we will fall back in time, to the way that mainland China is now.
Tap image to zoom
(Tania Willis)
If you look at the current Communist Party, there’s nothing Communist about it. It is capitalism, corruption, and the decline of morality at its worst. Many people in Hong Kong feel that we are being recolonized. This “new China” is more like Chinese imperialism over again. President Xi Jinping is grabbing all the power for himself, and eradicating his competition. The party would do anything to preserve the current system of corruption and power.
This is the first time Hong Kong has really recognized its own identity and culture, and we have realized we can stand up and stand tall. Beijing has to recognize that there are different types of Chinese people. In fact, here in Hong Kong, we have had 172 years of continuous culture, that has risen up as a mixture of East and West. It has a high degree of Chinese tradition and respects classic ideals.
Tap image to zoom
(Woody Chau Tsz Kit)
We’re not some ethnic minority—without Hong Kong there would be no modern China, because the revolutionary ideas that created China came from here. We have our own currency and passport and have been independent from China for more than a hundred years. We’re trying to say to mainland China, “You have to respect these cultural differences and allow them to grow.”
Many times in the past, we’ve held political rallies where we’ve sung songs and shouted slogans and then dispersed. This time, the government not listening is no longer acceptable.What you’re seeing right now with the Umbrella Revolution is the conclusion of the showdown of resistance.
We want to win because we deserve it. We’re showing solidarity and brotherhood and sisterhood here at these protests. We’re being restrained and civilized. You’re not seeing shops being destroyed, looting, or raping. You’re seeing love and comradeship.
Tap image to zoom
(CrystalW103)
Beijing views Hong Kong’s protests right now as a domestic problem in a little city state. I think the only way to escalate this is to hope and plead with the international community to negotiate with the Chinese community through boycotts, to cooperate with the movement, and not to kowtow to the Chinese government. This is not a Hong Kong problem, it is a global problem.
This interview has been condensed and edited for clarity.
Share this:

Satya Paul label fashion director Masaba Gupta to quitHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Satya Paul label fashion director Masaba Gupta to quit
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 2:  
Homegrown fashion house Genesis Colors today announced designer Masaba Gupta, who has been its creative head for Satya Paul label for the last two years, is leaving the company.
"The designer will be launching her final collection for Satya Paul on November 2014, details of which will be shared shortly," the company said in a statement, adding Gupta's contract with Genesis Colors has come to an end.
Gupta has been at the creative helm of the brand since 2012 and has been instrumental in adding a fresh twist to the Satya Paul label, it added.
"Under Masaba's young vision as the fashion director, the brand has become a strong contemporary reference in the Indian fashion industry," the statement said.
Commenting on the announcement, Genesis Colors Managing Director Sanjay Kapoor said: "Her distinctive approach to design and innovative spirit gave a newfound energy to Satya Paul that we will continue to take forward."
On her departure, Gupta said: "As two wonderful years of being Satya Paul's Fashion Director come to an end, I am grateful to Sanjay Kapoor for giving me the opportunity to become an integral part of the legendary label."
Genesis Colors is Satya Paul's holding company. At present, it also has premium lingerie brand Bw!tch and men's brand Tie Rack London in its portfolio.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Hooda dismisses presence of  Modi wave  in HaryanaHooda dismisses presence of 'Modi wave' in Haryana
PTI
Tweet
Chandigarh, Oct 2:  
With ruling Congress eyeing third term in a row in Haryana, the Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda dismissed that there was any "Modi" wave in the state, saying the issues in the state assembly elections are different than those in the Lok Sabha polls.
With Modi set to launch an aggressive campaign in Haryana, which goes to polls on October 15, 67-year-old Hooda said that during the Lok Sabha polls an atmosphere was build up in favour of one individual (Modi), but in the upcoming elections the situation is entirely different.
The two-time Chief Minister dismissed that there was any "Modi wave" in the State and chided the BJP, which has not even declared its Chief Ministerial candidate, for saying the party will form the next government on their own.
Despite Congress winning only one out of 10 seats in the Lok Sabha polls while BJP won seven out of eight it contested and INLD winning from two seats, Hooda asserted that issues in the assembly polls are different.
"There is no such wave. Modi is not fighting for the post of Chief Minister of Haryana. Moreover earlier, an atmosphere was hyped up during the Lok Sabha polls, but later on people realised they had been befooled. In the assembly elections, issues are different," Hooda said.
He said that so far he has addressed over 70 public meetings ahead of the polls and he can feel the pulse and the mood of the public.
"People are satisfied with the performance of the government, that is why I can say with confidence that Congress is going to form the government for the third time.
"There is no anti-incumbency rather there is pro-incumbency. People vote on development, they are wise and understand quite well who can further accelerate this pace of development," he said.
Asked about the challenges he feels Congress is going to face in these elections, Hooda said, "for every party every election is a challenge. But we are confident that people will once again repose their faith in our party".
Hooda also took a dig at BJP chief Amit Shah for using the "mujra" remark for him, saying "use of this kind of language by a man holding such a post does not behove him".
He also hit out at the main opposition INLD for "misleading" people about the allotment of lands in the state.
Hooda said that not even a single inch of land has been given to any developer by the Government and challenged the opposition that if proved, he would retire from politics.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Two Pakistani Naval ships arrive in Sri LankaTwo Pakistani Naval ships arrive in Sri Lanka
PTI
Tweet
Colombo, Oct 2:  
Two Pakistani naval ships have arrived in Sri Lanka to enhance defence cooperation between navies of two nations.
PNS SAIF and PNS NASR naval ships are on a four-day goodwill visit while on their way back home from Port Kelang in Malaysia.
The Sri Lankan Navy said the Mission Commander, Commodore Zahid Hyas and the Ships' Commanding Officers paid a courtesy call on the Commander of the Navy, Vice Admiral Jayantha Perera.
The Pakistani High Commission here described this move as part of "the strong multifaceted relationship and engagement between the defence establishments of Sri Lanka and Pakistan".
PNS SAIF is a SWORD class F22P Frigates of Chinese origin.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Banking facilities: Puducherry  Chandigarh get 100% coverageBanking facilities: Puducherry, Chandigarh get 100% coverage
KR Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 2:  
All households in the Union Territories of Puducherry and Chandigarh have been provided with bank accounts, marking an achievement in the financial inclusion drive of Modi-led Government.
This had emerged in the meeting that the Finance Ministry held with representatives of public and private sector banks to review the progress made in the implementation of Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY), the flagship financial inclusion programme launched on August 28.
Two districts--Mehsana and Porbandar in Gujarat have covered all households under PMJDY with provision of banking facilities.
PMJDY STATUS
As on date, the number of PMJDY accounts opened in the country stood at 5.29 crore accounts.
Of the 5.29 crore accounts opened, as many as 3.12 crore were in rural areas and the balance in urban areas.
The number of RuPay debit cards issued so far stood at 1.78 crore.
There is pendency in issuance of RuPay cards for which banks have been advised to increase the capacity for issuance of such cards and clear the backlog quickly.
Most of the banks expect the backlog to be cleared by October 15.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

How Pratibha Advani has helped NIIT transformStory
Quick Learner
Advani and her team have worked extensively to win large transformational projects, which are above $10 million, like the ones with Euro Star, Virgin Australia and Cathay Pacific.
Pratibha K Advani, CFO, NIIT Technologies. Photo: Vivan Mehra
BT-Yes Bank Best CFOs Survey
Best Woman CFO
Winner: Pratibha K Advani, CFO, NIIT Technologies
As a child, Pratiba Advani wanted to study arts, but a discussion with her father made her crack the chartered accountant entrance exam. Today, Advani is Chief Financial Officer of NIIT Technologies.
Advani has worked with a diverse set of companies- from Kolkata-based tobacco-to-hotel conglomerate ITC to General Electric, Barclays and a handful of private equity firms. She learnt a bit from everyone-to be process driven from ITC, for instance. GE taught her commitment and to stay within the budget allotted and agreed upon, and Barclays taught her how to mitigitate risk.
When Advani joined in 2010, NIIT's entire budgeting was manual and consisted of 70 Microsoft Excel sheets. She introduced a SAP module, and collapsed the month-long process into three to four days.
She was also a part of a big transition from the "time and material" system, which meant working on an hourly basis where payment is calculated by multiplying the number of people by number of hours/days. But the IT industry is moving towards fixed pricing, where the client and the vendor agree to a certain amount and the client pays without bothering about the number of people and hours. Business from the new pricing model was about 20 per cent when Advani joined. Today, it is just over 40 per cent. Advani and her team have worked extensively to win large transformational projects, which are above $10 million, like the ones with Euro Star, Virgin Australia and Cathay Pacific.
How does it feel to have shifted from large companies like ITC and GE? "NIIT is, maybe, a smaller ocean but we are handling a much larger ship. We have 24 subsidiaries and branches across the globe," she says.

How Pratibha Advani has helped transform NIITStory
Quick Learner
Advani and her team have worked extensively to win large transformational projects, which are above $10 million, like the ones with Euro Star, Virgin Australia and Cathay Pacific.
Pratibha K Advani, CFO, NIIT Technologies. Photo: Vivan Mehra
BT-Yes Bank Best CFOs Survey
Best Woman CFO
Winner: Pratibha K Advani, CFO, NIIT Technologies
As a child, Pratiba Advani wanted to study arts, but a discussion with her father made her crack the chartered accountant entrance exam. Today, Advani is Chief Financial Officer of NIIT Technologies.
Advani has worked with a diverse set of companies- from Kolkata-based tobacco-to-hotel conglomerate ITC to General Electric, Barclays and a handful of private equity firms. She learnt a bit from everyone-to be process driven from ITC, for instance. GE taught her commitment and to stay within the budget allotted and agreed upon, and Barclays taught her how to mitigitate risk.
When Advani joined in 2010, NIIT's entire budgeting was manual and consisted of 70 Microsoft Excel sheets. She introduced a SAP module, and collapsed the month-long process into three to four days.
She was also a part of a big transition from the "time and material" system, which meant working on an hourly basis where payment is calculated by multiplying the number of people by number of hours/days. But the IT industry is moving towards fixed pricing, where the client and the vendor agree to a certain amount and the client pays without bothering about the number of people and hours. Business from the new pricing model was about 20 per cent when Advani joined. Today, it is just over 40 per cent. Advani and her team have worked extensively to win large transformational projects, which are above $10 million, like the ones with Euro Star, Virgin Australia and Cathay Pacific.
How does it feel to have shifted from large companies like ITC and GE? "NIIT is, maybe, a smaller ocean but we are handling a much larger ship. We have 24 subsidiaries and branches across the globe," she says.

Modi instructs ministries to curtail foreign  domestic toursHi Guest
Modi instructs ministries to curtail foreign, domestic tours
Top civil servants will get to travel much less than they are used to. Prime Minister Narendra Modi wants secretaries across ministries and government departments to cut on domestic and foreign tours, even when the ministers concerned are leading delegations to any place, Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth has conveyed in a written note. Trips of secretaries must be planned only when the "joint secretaries and additional secretaries are not likely to address the needs". Seth has asked for strict ...

Markets closed for Mahatma Gandhi Jayanthi  Ayudha PoojaMarkets closed for Mahatma Gandhi Jayanthi  Ayudha Pooja
Durga Puja 2014: Diamond Ornaments Worth 10 Crore for the GoddessDurga Puja 2014: Diamond Ornaments Worth 10 Crore for the Goddess
India-US joint statement mentions South China SeaIndia-US joint statement mentions South China Sea
Lam Research Corporation Announces September Quarter Financial Conference CallLam Research Corporation Announces September Quarter Financial Conference Call
Europe Stocks Stay on Downward CourseEurope Stocks Stay on Downward Course
Prolonged Hong Kong protest could harm financial image  says envoyProlonged Hong Kong protest could harm financial image  says envoy
PM starts his own  Swachh Bharat  challengePM starts his own 'Swachh Bharat' challenge
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 2:  
In his bid to make 'Swachh Bharat' a people's movement, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today initiated a chain by inviting nine eminent personalities including cricket icon Sachin Tendulkar, Congress leader Shashi Tharoor, industrialist Anil Ambani along with several actors to spread awareness on cleanliness.
The Internet-savvy Prime Minister appeared inspired by the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge, which had gone viral in recent months, as he asked the celebrities to nominate nine more people to join the campaign and hoped that the chain would continue.
Among those nominated by the PM are film actors Salman Khan, Priyanka Chopra and Kamal Hassan, industrialist Anil Ambani, Goa Governor Mridula Sinha and Congress leader Shashi Tharoor, yoga guru Ramdev and the team of TV serial "Tarak Mehta Ka Ulta Chashma".
Modi also administered a pledge to thousands of people, including schools children and government employees at Rajpath for remaining committed to cleanliness to make the country clean.
"I will remain committed towards cleanliness and devote time for this...I will neither litter nor let others litter," pledged all those present at a function to mark the launch of "Swachh Bharat" (Clean India) mission at India Gate by the Prime Minister.
Actor Aamir Khan also joined the PM in taking the pledge along with Union Ministers Nitin Gadkari and Venkaiah Naidu.
"I have invited nine people and asked them to come to public places and work towards a Clean India. I ask them to invite nine more people too...I am sure these nine people will do the work and each will invite nine more people to form a chain and clean the country," Modi said.
The original ice bucket challenge where such a chain was created online was designed to raise funds for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis— also known as Lou Gehrig’s Disease and motor neurone disease, which is a global viral phenomenon.
Modi also announced starting a campaign on cleanliness through social media using his website MyGov.in and other such websites, including a new website dedicated to the clean India campaign.
The PM later joined the children in the Walkathon after flagging it off at Rajpath. The Walkathon is part of steps for creating awareness on cleanliness.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

7 ingredients make a home irresistible to buyers7 ingredients make a home irresistible to buyers
Caption Proportion and scale
Steve Ziegelmeyer
Mary Cook Associates tackled the design of a two-story family room with proportion in mind: The vintage doors hung over the fireplace, floor-to-ceiling drapes and intricate ceiling are all of a compatible scale.
Mary Cook Associates tackled the design of a two-story family room with proportion in mind: The vintage doors hung over the fireplace, floor-to-ceiling drapes and intricate ceiling are all of a compatible scale. (Steve Ziegelmeyer)
Caption Trim moldings
Dustin Peck
The addition of trim moldings in a foyer does the visual work, Cook said: Keep the furnishings and accessories simple.
The addition of trim moldings in a foyer does the visual work, Cook said: Keep the furnishings and accessories simple. (Dustin Peck)
Caption Furniture arrangement
Gary Gantert
Keep a room's purpose in mind when arranging furniture: In this case, loveseat and chairs are placed at an angle to the bay window for a young pianist's audience to take in the performance.
Keep a room's purpose in mind when arranging furniture: In this case, loveseat and chairs are placed at an angle to the bay window for a young pianist's audience to take in the performance. (Gary Gantert)
Caption Furnishings with open legs
Rack
Don't have high ceilings? Furnishings with open legs allows the eye to move through the room with less interruption.
Don't have high ceilings? Furnishings with open legs allows the eye to move through the room with less interruption. (Rack)
Caption Define the walls
Bill Taylor
Not every fix is expensive: Here, simple picture moldings are added to the walls to define and dress up the space.
Not every fix is expensive: Here, simple picture moldings are added to the walls to define and dress up the space. (Bill Taylor)
Real Estate Buyers
The pro knows: Mary Cook says seven ingredients make a home irresistible to buyers.
It's an age-old real estate scenario: Buyers walk through a home for sale, and shrug. There's nothing wrong with the house, really, they tell the agent. It's just that the house lacks a certain, indefinable "something."
Mary Cook has heard it before, many times — mostly from homebuilders who have called her in to put her finger on what's keeping people from buying their homes.
Assignment: Figure out that "something" and fix it.
Cook lives at the intersection of design and marketing. Her Chicago-based interior design firm, Mary Cook Associates, outfits 75 to 80 model rooms a year for homebuilders around the country. Beyond merely looking good, the design plans for all those models share a single goal: to make consumers want to buy the homes because, for lack of a more concrete term, they feel right.
After nearly three decades in the business, Cook has firm ideas about what it takes to get there. She recently wrote a lavishly illustrated book that elaborates on seven principles she considers the ingredients for good design.
"The Art of Space" isn't a "get it sold"/home staging guide. It's her philosophy about what it takes to make a space look good for any purpose.
Nonetheless, Cook honed those principles while working for homebuilders who are trying to please customers, and she said in an interview that the seven ingredients also can be helpful to anybody with a "for sale" sign in the yard.
After all, they have customers to please too.
The book grew out of that "fix it" period that mushroomed into a business subspecialty during the recession, Cook said.
"Eighty percent of our business for more than two years was being called in to fix things that somebody else had finished," Cook said. "The builder (or property owner) would say, 'There's something missing — our customers can't relate to the space.' They couldn't articulate what was wrong, but they knew something was amiss and they were coming to me to fix it."
Define your market. After about the 20th redo, Cook realized the rescues boiled down to analyzing and recasting seven aspects of the design, every time — such things as getting color, lighting and texture right.
Also crucial is defining function — a dining room should look like a dining room, for most buyers.
But first, she said, figure out your objective.
"You have to decide who you're designing for," she said. In real estate terms, that means looking at neighborhood demographics to gauge who's most likely to buy, and emphasize how your house works for them. Maybe it's a young couple just starting a family who want to know there's going to be space for toys and trikes. Or empty-nesters who may want less space and, certainly, less maintenance.
Perhaps the most crucial of the seven is to get the scale of the objects in a room right, she said. Many a time, Cook has seen skewed proportions in furnishings, art or ceiling heights drive an entire design scheme off the rails, she said. They're easy to spot — the room may look crowded and cramped.
At the other end of the unbalanced scale, it may look empty and feel vacant, she said. It plays out often in the two-story, open spaces that proliferated in homes built during the housing boom, Cook said: When the proportions in those rooms are wrong, they're really wrong.
Scale and proportion. Those big spaces call for big components, with an emphasis, again, on getting the proportion right, she said.
"We often use overscale light fixtures in those spaces," she said. "In almost every two-story family room, you'll see a big light fixture. It helps to balance the space."
In a foyer with 20-foot ceilings that's featured in the book, Cook said its original spans of blank space towered over and intimidated visitors. She added wainscoting made from wooden trim pieces that rose about two-thirds of the way toward the ceiling, with a darker wall color above to add contrast. It got the big space under control, she said.
And if such carpentry is beyond the average homeowner's budget, a similar softening effect can come from painting the walls in contrasting colors, she said.
The final element to warily tiptoe through is ornament, Cook said, though most any home stager would be more frank about it and call it clutter.
"Your No. 1 objective should be to bring harmony to a room, and ornament will derail it faster than anything else," Cook said.
"Clutter dismantles proportion. It takes away from the visceral feeling, that harmony, that really hits people and makes them like a room.
"Whatever you put into a room (to ornament it), there has to be a purpose."

After you split and move out  overdue tax can hurt you0
But let me ask another question: If there is a mortgage on the property, why isn't the lender paying the real estate taxes? Is the mortgage being paid, or is it also delinquent? And finally, is there any equity in the house?
I ask all of these questions because there are different steps you should take depending on the answers. For example, if the house is underwater, have you and your husband considered discussing a short sale with the lender? If the mortgage payments are not being made, has anyone contacted the lender to try to work out a modification or a moratorium?
And before you get a divorce, have you reached an amicable agreement with your husband? Will the property be sold? Will one of you end up owning it? And if so, how will the existing mortgage be handled?
I can only raise issues, because I do not know all of the facts of your situation. Still, as I have written on several occasions, make sure your divorce attorney is versed on real estate issues. I have had a number of clients who did not get good real estate advice from their divorce attorney, which ended up costing them a lot of unnecessary dollars.
For example, in most states, a transfer of property between husband and wife (or pursuant to a divorce agreement) is exempt from the state's recordation/transfer tax. If your separation agreement is silent, or if you wait until you are divorced before transferring the property, you may have to pay those taxes, and in some states, it can be very costly.
Q: We inherited a seven-unit building from our dad, who passed away last December. There was no mortgage, and we sold it for $700,000. How much tax are we liable for?
A: This is really a question for an accountant. But oversimplified, you are entitled to claim the "stepped-up" basis. In other words, the value of the property on the date your father died becomes your basis for tax purposes. If the property was assessed (or appraised) at $700,000 when he died, and you sold it for that amount, you do not have to pay any capital gains tax. Of course, if you sold it for more than that, you will have some tax to pay.
I am responding only to the capital gains tax; you may have to pay inheritance taxes.
Benny L. Kass is a practicing attorney in Washington and Maryland. No legal relationship is created by this column; mailbag@kmklawyers.com .

Basil downy mildew spreads rapidly in cool  wet weatherBasil downy mildew spreads rapidly in cool, wet weather
Basil plants
Chicago Botanic Garden
Basil grows easily in warm, sunny weather as annuals. The leaves are commonly used in cooking. Cool, wet weather encourages the spread of downy mildew on basil plants.
Basil grows easily in warm, sunny weather as annuals. The leaves are commonly used in cooking. Cool, wet weather encourages the spread of downy mildew on basil plants. (Chicago Botanic Garden)
By Tim Johnson,, Special to the Tribune
Q: I have always grown basil without any problems, until this year. My plants started getting a yellow cast to the leaves, which then turned brown and fell off a few days later. What can I do?
— Allen Jacobs, Highland Park
A: The problem with your basil plants is most likely basil downy mildew, a relatively new disease that was first reported in the United States in 2007.
It is unknown if this pathogen can survive the winter in the Chicago area. It likely was introduced here by plants that overwintered in commercial greenhouses or by cuttings.
0
The fungal spores can travel long distances by wind, so even a small outbreak can quickly turn into a large problem. In a matter of days, downy mildew spread from basil plants in the ground on the south side of my house to other basil plants in pots on a west-facing deck.
Basil downy mildew flourishes in cool, wet weather, so it is generally worse at the beginning and end of the growing season. Hot, dry weather will cause the pathogen to go dormant. The weather this summer has been favorable for this disease, so it has become more widespread and has been killing plants. This fungal disease is specific to basil and will not affect other plants in your garden.
The first symptoms will be yellow areas on the upper sides of leaves. As the disease progresses, the leaves will get brown spots and the plant will have an overall sickly appearance. The disease will develop quickly, with the affected leaves turning brown and eventually falling from the plant. The plant may lose all its leaves.
Look for the fungus spores, which appear as small black spots on the undersides of the leaves. You also may see threadlike structures that give the undersides of leaves a dirty, gray appearance. Before you purchase basil at a grocery store or farmers market, examine it closely to make sure it has not been affected with downy mildew.
Remove and destroy all diseased plants in your garden (you may be able to use a few undamaged leaves from the tops of the plants). Do not put the diseased plants in your compost pile. Be sure to pick up and dispose of any leaves that may have fallen on the ground. There is nothing else to do at this point.
Next year's weather will play a significant role in whether you have more problems with this disease.
This disease needs moisture to thrive, so next year, plan to grow your basil plants with good spacing in a site with full sun and good air circulation. Though it is not always practical, try to water the soil at the base of the plants to avoid getting the leaves wet.
I have read that red or purple basil is more resistant than the green sweet basil, but I have not observed any difference at the Chicago Botanic Garden.
Tim Johnson is director of horticulture for the Chicago Botanic Garden in Glencoe; ctc-realestate@tribune.com .

Profit on sale of diesel rises to Rs 1.90 per litreProfit on sale of diesel rises to Rs 1.90 per litre
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 18:52 IST
Profit on sale of diesel swelled to Rs 1.90 per litre as oil ministry awaits return of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to cut rates.
With international oil prices continuing to slide, the over-recovery or profit on diesel sales, which was 35 paise in the second half of September, climbed to Rs 1.90 a litre, an official statement said in New Delhi.
Over-recovery or profit should have in natural course translated into a price reduction to bring retail selling price at par with cost. But the oil ministry decided to wait and watch last month.
Now, with the profit rising further, it wants to reduce rates and pass on the benefit to consumers but is unsure of its mandate.
Sources said the ministry is of the opinion that it does not have a clear mandate to reduce rates post the January 2013 decision of the Cabinet to hike prices by 40-50 paise a litre every month.
Diesel prices have not been deregulated or freed yet and so rates cannot be reduced.
Petrol on the other hand, had been deregulated in June 2010 and rates have since then moved every fortnight in tandem with the cost. Petrol rates were on Tuesday reduced by 54 paise in line with international trend.
Sources said Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan has already written to Modi on the emerging scenario. Also, the ministry has written to the Election Commission seeking their concurrence for the price decrease in view of state assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana.
A decision will be taken after Modi's return, they said.
Softening international oil rates have meant that diesel under-recovery or the difference between retail price and its imported cost was wiped out and there was an over-recovery of 35 paise a litre from September 16. This over-recovery is now Rs 1.90 a litre.
But under-recoveries continue on kerosene and LPG.
"In the case of PDS Kerosene and Domestic LPG, the under-recoveries for the 1st fortnight of October 2014 will be Rs 31.22 per litre (Rs 32.67 per litre in last fortnight) and Rs 404.64 per cylinder (Rs 427.82 per cylinder in last fortnight) respectively," the statement said.
State-owned fuel retailers - IOC, BPCL and HPCL are losing about Rs 156 crore a day on sale of PDS kerosene and domestic LPG. This is lower than Rs 190 crore daily under-recoveries during previous fortnight, it said.
Sources said the Oil Ministry is of the view that while the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs (CCPA) on January 17, 2013, allowed a monthly increase in diesel price of 40-50 paise per month to wipe out the under-recovery, it wasn't envisaged that there would be over-recovery.
It wants to reduce diesel price to protect state-owned oil companies' market share, which may be lost to private retailers who would be selling diesel in tandem with international prices.

Centre clears Jet CEOs appointmentUpdated: October 1, 2014 18:39 IST
Centre clears Jet CEO’s appointment
Special Correspondent
economy, business and finance
Jet Airways (India) said it had received approval from the Ministry of Civil Aviation for the appointment of Cramer Ball as its Chief Executive Officer (CEO). An Australian national, Mr. Ball ) was appointed CEO (Designate) in June. He will lead an extensive three-year business plan to turnaround the airline. He had earlier worked at Etihad Airways, Gulf Air and Qantas. And, most recently, he was the CEO of Air Seychelles. Ethihad Airways has 40 per cent stake in Air Seychelles.

Investors are scared out of their witsBy Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz October 1, 2014: 4:26 PM ET
Stocks have rallied shortly after CNNMoney's Fear & Greed Index showed signs of Extreme Fear.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
This isn't September 2008. No Wall Street firms are in danger of going belly up.
The market hasn't just suffered a Flash Crash like in May 2010.
Heck, it's not even August 2011 -- when investors were rattled by the credit rating downgrade of the United States by Standard & Poor's.
But investors are acting as if they just saw the famous shower scene in Alfred Hitchcock's "Psycho."
Stocks plunged again on Wednesday. The Dow closed 238 points lower, a substantial drop. To put it in perspective, the Dow has only had five days thus far in 2014 where it fell more than that.
CNNMoney's Fear & Greed Index , an exclusive indicator designed to measure market sentiment, has been in Extreme Fear mode since September 22.
At first blush, it may seem a little strange that investors are this nervous.
The Dow and S&P 500 are still trading near all-time highs. The Nasdaq is up nearly 6% this year. That's impressive when you consider just how well stocks did in 2013 and how long this bull market has been going on.
But momentum has taken a turn for the worse lately.
Related: The September stock slump strikes again
Stocks have been volatile in the past week and a half, ending September with a thud.
One of the things that our index tracks is a key volatility index known as the VIX ( VIX ).
The VIX usually goes up during times of financial stress. And it has risen more than 40% since the beginning of last week.
Other gauges in the Fear & Greed Index are showing troubling signs too. According to our "safe haven" demand indicator, investors are fleeing stocks for bonds.
More stocks have been hitting 52-week lows than 52-week highs. The volume traded in stocks going down on a daily basis is higher than the volume for stocks going up.
It makes sense. There are a lot more things to be scared about now than just a few weeks ago: Ebola. ISIS. Europe's economy . Protests in Hong Kong . Smaller stocks hitting a technical level known ominously as the "death cross."
And those who believe stocks are in a bubble that's about to pop have several examples of froth to help them make their argument.
Alibaba's ( BABA , Tech30 ) blockbuster initial public offering on September 19 could be categorized as a seminal market top moment.
Ditto for the continued surge in shares of wearable digital camera company GoPro ( GPRO ) since it went public in late June. The stock has nearly quadrupled from its IPO price!
 
CEO: Leading GoPro is like racing a car
But there a ton of cliches that market bulls can trot out at times like this to remind investors it may be a good time to take advantage of the turmoil and do some bargain hunting.
Buy the dip. Buy when there's blood in the streets. The darkest hour is just before the dawn.
All of this many sound trite, but there is truth in it. Stocks have often rebounded after our Fear & Greed Index has hit an Extreme Fear patch. By the same token, an extended stretch in Extreme Greed territory could be an omen of some bad things to come in the short-term.
Make no mistake. Our index is not predicting what stocks are going to do over the long haul. In bull and bear markets, there are always going to be times when Wall Street's emotional pendulum shifts between sadness and euphoria.
But investors are scared right now. And with good reason. Whether or not they are still this fearful in a few weeks or months remains to be seen.
First Published: October 1, 2014: 11:07 AM ET
Most Popular

Subrata Roy Moved Back to His CellYou are here: Home Corporates
Subrata Roy Moved Back to His Cell; Special Facilities Withdrawn
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 01, 2014 21:46 (IST)
Royal Enfield on Expansion Mode, to Set Up Third Plant
New Delhi: Sahara chief Subrata Roy was on Wednesday sent back to his cell in Tihar Jail at the end of the period granted by the Supreme Court to stay at an air conditioned facility in the complex to negotiate sale of his overseas luxury hotels.
The court had extended Mr Roy's stay at the Tihar Jail conference room by 15 days on September 8 for him to sell the properties to raise Rs 10,000 crore to be deposited with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) for his bail.
"We received no further extension orders from the court and the duration for which Subrata Roy was allowed to use the conference room with special facilities ended yesterday. He has been shifted back to the jail today. He will be staying at the central jail here in jail number one," Tihar Jail DIG Mukesh Prasad told PTI.
Mr Prasad said the shifting was done around 11 AM amid heavy security.
"Both his directors and Roy will stay together in the Central jail here with no special facility available to them anymore. Any further directions on the matter from the court are awaited," he added.
The Supreme Court on August 1 had allowed Mr Roy and two of his group directors to use the fully air-conditioned conference room in Tihar Jail complex for 10 days from August 5 within a given time lot of 6:00 am to 8:00 pm.
The meetings held by the group under the surveillance of CCTV cameras.
Mr Roy, 65, was using the conference room with services like Wi-Fi and video-conferencing. He was allowed two laptops, two desktops, landline phones with STD/ISD facilities and a mobile phone.
Two secretarial and one technical person were also allowed to assist him. Mr Roy has been lodged in Tihar Jail since March 4 this year.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 21:31 (IST)

As Ebola spreads  drug stocks surgeAs Ebola spreads, drug stocks surge
By Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 October 1, 2014: 4:30 PM ET
 
Wall St. bullish on Ebola cure
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The first confirmed Ebola case in the U.S. is fanning fears around the country, but it's also driving greed in some corners of the stock market.
Just look at the soaring stock price of drug companies scrambling to come up with a cure for the disease, which has killed more than 3,000 people in West Africa.
Tekmira Pharmaceuticals ( TKMR ) surged over 18% on Wednesday, leaving it up a whopping 180% since mid-July. Investors are betting the Vancouver-based company has a leg up on competitors because last month the FDA gave it a green light to provide its experimental TKM-Ebola drug to test subjects with " confirmed or suspected Ebola virus infections ."
Richard Sacra, the American missionary infected with Ebola in Liberia, was given the drug last month before being released from a hospital in Nebraska.
Related: Investors are scared out of their wits
Risky bets: Before jumping into Tekmira and other Ebola-related stocks, investors should realize these investments are still highly speculative and risky.
As CNNMoney has previously reported , guessing which drug maker will be able to come up with an Ebola cure could end up backfiring.
These stocks are likely to continue to experience wild swings on the latest Ebola headlines, especially due to their relatively small market valuations. Tekmira was valued at just $470 million as of Tuesday's close. That pales in comparison with the $171 billion market cap of drug behemoth Merck ( MRK ).
Tekmira has also warned it has limited supplies of its drug, which is still considered experimental. That means regulators continue to weigh its safety and effectiveness.
Related: Top 10 companies lobbying Washington
Ebola sparks drug stock rally: A number of other drug makers are also racing to develop Ebola treatments.
Shares of Hemispherx Biopharma ( HEB ) soared 15% on Wednesday amid the rising Ebola fears. Earlier this week, the company announced a series of research collaborations aimed at developing treatments to fight Ebola.
Another big winner on Wednesday is NewLink Genetics ( NLNK ), which has the exclusive license to an experimental Ebola vaccine developed by the Public Health Agency of Canada. The FDA recently gave approval for Phase 1 clinical trials on the drug. Shares of NewLink closed 7% higher.
Other drug makers rallying on the Ebola headlines include BioCryst Pharmaceuticals ( BCRX ), Inovio Pharmaceuticals ( INO ) and Sarepta Therapeutics ( SRPT ).
A Sarepta spokesman told CNN that the company has enough product to be able to ship two dozen doses of Ebola treatment in the next few weeks. He also said that it has enough product in the pipeline to create another 100 doses if it gets the funding from the government to do so.
Shares of GlaxoSmithKline ( GSK ) were flat on Wednesday. The British drug maker owns a Swiss vaccine specialist that has an Ebola vaccine currently in preclinical development.
Related: Ebola scare hurts airlines
Even more Ebola impacts: It's not just drug makers moving on the developing Ebola story.
Shares of Lakeland Industries ( LAKE ) popped almost 30% on Wednesday. The company makes protective clothing, including Hazmat suits.
" $TKMR traders $LAKE has a product to monetize right now," Stocktwits user aaoomomo wrote.
Airline stocks, which have been big winners this year, descended as traders worry about potential travel repercussions. American Airlines ( AAL ), Delta Air Lines ( DAL ), JetBlue ( JBLU ) and Southwest ( LUV ) all dropped more than 3%. Cruise operators Carnival ( CCL ) and Royal Caribbean ( RCL ) also lost ground.
First Published: October 1, 2014: 12:16 PM ET
Most Popular

Jayalalithaa spends time eating simple food  reading newspapersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Swachha Bharat Abhiyaan: Narendra Modi plans social media challenge to clean IndiaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Facebook rival Ello faces tough tests from u...Facebook rival Ello faces tough tests from users
By ET Bureau | 2 Oct, 2014, 11.31AM IST
Brand equity: Hello Ello, goodbye Facebook?
Brand equity: Hello Ello, goodbye Facebook?
What Ello offers does not seem enough. Users are also looking for a better user interface that is currently lacking in Ello.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Richa Maheshwari and Varun Aggarwal
BANGALORE: Social Networks come and go but very few have been able to challenge Facebook's leadership. Ello, the new boy in town is not only growing manifold each passing day, but people are also willing to pay $0.99 to buy invites on eBay.
With estimated 45,000 new users boarding the ship every hour, Ello founder Paul Budnitz promises that he won't use its users as 'products', something he believes platforms such as Facebook, Google and Twitter always do. However, early adopters don't seem to be too convinced with his claims.
"The reason why I created an account on Ello was because of their promise about transparency. However, lack of precisely that is making me move away from it now," said Raju PP, an independent tech blogger. "Ello claims it will earn its revenue from premium services it will launch soon. There is no clarity on how they'll do that. How do I know that they'll not use my personal information the exact same way Facebook or Google does."
Privacy is becoming a big concern for many users who realize that companies are selling their data to advertisers without their explicit permission. Every navigation and click detail is analysed by sites such as Google, YouTube, Twitter and Facebook and then this data is sold out to advertisers, who use it to serve targeted advertisements.
The audience selector option, which Facebook offers, is missing in the new social network. Ello's privacy policy states that the "contents you post may be copied, shared, or re-posted on Ello or on other parts of the internet in ways that we cannot control." In essence, advertisers are free to use your data the way they want and can even claim copyright to your content without you being able to do anything about it.
On August 7, Ello which was initially built by a group of seven as a private social network was made public. The invite-only platform's key differentiator is the site which will be devoid of any ads popping up and the option to opt-out of Google Analytics. But that is not good enough. Users are also looking for a better user interface that is currently lacking in Ello.
"Privacy is a big issue it seems. My profile is public and I can't change it, said Sinil Francis, a youth employability trainer, who is based in Kerala. The platform also requires a lot of basic fixes such as inclusion of a notification center, making it easier to post pictures, allowing user blocking and most importantly a mobile app.
"Although the user interface looks very neat, the lack of notifications make it very difficult to track who has responded to your posts," said 19-year old college student Rahul Sharma, who is using the platform since last two weeks.
Although at the moment there is a huge rush among youngsters to seek an invite to the platform, existing users say they don't find enough reasons to continue on Ello and are flocking back to the ad-filled Facebook where they came from.

Kejriwal cleans choked drains near PM s houseKejriwal cleans choked drains near PM's house
IANS | New Delhi Oct 02, 2014 11:10 AM IST
AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal Thursday helped sweepers to clean up choked drains in a small residential area near Prime Minister Narendra Modi's residence in the heart of the capital.
The former chief minister of Delhi chose the BR Camp, as the low income area is called, on the very day Modi launched his Clean India campaign.
Kejriwal was accompanied by several employees of the civic agency, and he later had tea with them, an Aam Aadmi Party spokesman said.
The BR Camp falls in Kejriwal's New Delhi assembly constituency.
AAP activists also picked up brooms in several parts of the capital to show their commitment for a Clean India but without joining any government sponsored event.
"AAP will launch a cleanliness drive Oct 2," an AAP tweet said. "All MLAs and leaders will work as helpers to Safai Karmcharis (sweepers) and help them in their work."

Pay by phone or just keep using plastic Here s everything you need to knowOct 02, 2014 at  11:53am IST
Pay by phone or just keep using plastic? Here's everything you need to know
0
New York: PayPal, Apple and others are betting on billions in mobile payments.
But so far, trying to use my phone to pay at restaurants and retailers has been frustrating. It's easier just to pull out my plastic credit card than to figure out which card works with which app and which app works with which store.
In theory, mobile-payment services such as Google Wallet are easy to use. You simply download an app and enter your card information. With Apple Pay, you can even snap a picture of the card or use the one you already use with Apple's iTunes. Then, when you're ready to pay, you typically hold your phone near the store's payment terminal. The transaction is authorised through a special wireless chip embedded in many Android phones and - in the case of Apple Pay - the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. PayPal and Square use a different method, but the idea is the same. There's no need to look for the right card in your wallet or purse.
People will need to be comfortable with digitally storing multiple credit card numbers and flashing them all around town.
#apple #apple pay #google wallet #mobile payment services
In practice, the process isn't so smooth. I have several payment apps taking up space on my phone. I open them only when I need a reminder of why they are so frustrating. After all, whipping out a credit or debit card isn't so time-consuming, though it is a pain when I lose a card or leave it at home. It would be nice not to have to carry them around.
So what do PayPal, Apple, Google and others need to do to get me to leave my wallet at home?
- Get more stores and restaurants to install the equipment to let me pay by phone.
I once considered spending a week trying to pay for all my meals with my phone. I'd starve. I could get a burger at McDonald's or a reheated hot dog at 7-Eleven. Mom-and-pop shops typically don't have the right equipment. It's convenient to have these apps on my phone only if I have somewhere to use them.
With the launch of Apple Pay this month, several retail chains plan to start accepting such payments or expand the ability to do so. Having millions of iPhones capable of making such transactions will give smaller merchants an incentive to upgrade their equipment, too. And sandwich chain Subway said Wednesday that it's now upgraded all of its locations with mobile pay service Softcard, a joint venture of AT&T, T-Mobile and Verizon Wireless. If more merchants really start supporting mobile pay, then I might feel comfortable leaving my cards at home.
But ...
- Figure out how to make every card work.
Most places take Visa and MasterCard, and many take American Express, too. Not so with mobile services. Where you can shop depends on which card you have.
If you plan to use Softcard to buy a sandwich at Subway, you better have an Amex or a bank card issued by Chase or Wells Fargo. Otherwise, you need to get a prepaid account through American Express and keep filling it with cash. Apple Pay will face a similar challenge, though it already has deals in place with most major banks, including all three of mine.
Here PayPal seems to be the winner so far, as it works with just about any card, as well as direct withdrawals from your checking or savings account. I was excited when PayPal's app told me I could use it at an Indian restaurant I frequent for lunch.
Except...
- Even when you think you can pay by phone, sometimes you can't.
That Indian restaurant didn't know what I was talking about when I pulled out the phone to pay. Turned out that feature was limited to ordering takeout and delivery through a third-party ordering service.
I briefly tried a payment system called LevelUp because it offered discounts for frequent visits. But when I returned to a pita place where I was racking up discount points, I learned the restaurant had dismantled LevelUp because few people were using it. So long to my points. Likewise, 7-Eleven has been phasing out support for existing mobile payment services while it partners on developing its own system.
OK. Let's say it's a perfect world and every card works everywhere. There will still be two challenges ...
- Typing in a PIN code takes time.
Once again, it's easier just to pull out plastic, especially as many transactions don't even require signatures. The fingerprint ID sensors in iPhones and Samsung's Galaxy phones will help. I'm more willing to tap a finger on a home button.
- People will need to be comfortable with digitally storing multiple credit card numbers and flashing them all around town.
The truth is, these apps are often more secure than plastic cards and their decades-old magnetic technology. Apple Pay, for instance, doesn't actually store your credit card number, but rather a substitute one that works only with that phone. If a merchant's network gets hacked, as seen with recent breaches at Target and Home Depot, the hacker would need to have physical possession of your phone to use that substitute number. And if you lose your device, no one can take it on a shopping spree because it won't work without your PIN code or fingerprint ID. You can easily disable your payments account remotely, too.
Then again, many customers like me aren't that afraid of hacks. Banks typically offer zero-liability protection, so you owe nothing for fraudulent charges, even if you do something stupid like leave your card at a bar overnight.
So until I don't have to wonder when I run out for dinner or hop in a cab if my card is going to be accepted, I'll likely keep paying with plastic.
11

Jet fuel price cut to help airlines save Rs ...You are here: Home > Collections
Jet fuel price cut to help Indian airlines save Rs 800 crore this year
Anirban Chowdhury & Mihir Mishra, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 12.28PM IST
Tags:
Aviation minister
(The cut is the steepest since…)
NEW DELHI | MUMBAI: Indian carriers will save about Rs 800 crore this year via the 4% reduction in ATF (aviation turbine fuel) prices implemented by oil refiners early on Wednesday, according to airline executives and analysts.
This will, however, lead airlines, already offering steep discounts on air fares, to slash prices further, the executives said. The cut is the steepest since May last year, an executive at Bharat Petroleum told ET. The prices were dropped after Brent crude slid to a year low of $94.24 on Tuesday.
Jet fuel accounts for the highest chunk of a local carrier's operating costs in India. High levels of state taxes further add to the fuel costs. Chief executives of local carriers recently met India's aviation minister to demand that ATF should be brought under the declared goods category which would bring it under the tax bracket of a uniform 4%.
The price cuts, however, will not lead to any difference in air fares.
"Air fares have not been directly linked to ATF prices for the last 12-16 months. Also, we have clubbed fuel surcharges with the base fare since early this year. So, there's no case for cutting prices," said a senior executive at low-fare carrier SpiceJet , which has been taking the lead in offering discounts in India.
Oil refiners last year sold a total of 2,836 thousand metric tonnes of jet fuel worth .
Rs 18,674 crore to domestic carriers last year and 1,959 TMTs worth .
Rs 14,076 crore to international carriers, said the official at BPCL . A total of 495 TMT worth .
Rs 4,995 crore was sold to the defense forces.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex to hit 31 000 by Dec 2015: CitigroupYou are here: Home > Collections > Brokerage
Sensex likely to hit 31,000 by December 2015, says Citigroup
Biswajit Baruah, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 06.18AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Citi has an 'Overweight'…)
MUMBAI: The benchmark BSE Sensex stock index is expected to hit 31,000 by December 2015, rising 17.8% from the current December 2014 target of 26,300, on the back of a revival in the Indian economy as the government, armed with an aggressive growth agenda, is likely to spur policy and investment activity , according to the brokerage unit of Citigroup , the third-biggest US bank.
Citi has an 'Overweight' rating on pharma and cement company stocks on expectations of earnings upgrades. It is positive on banks on balance sheet revaluation and on energy companies on economic reforms. The brokerage is 'Underweight' on consumer staples on moderating demand and on minerals and utilities on regulatory overhangs. The Sensex closed at 26,567.99 on Wednesday.
Among large companies, its top picks are ICICI Bank , Axis Bank, Wipro, HCL Technolgies and Dr. Reddy's Laboratories, while in mid-caps, they are Glenmark Pharma, Voltas, Sobha Developers, Emami and InfoEdge.
Citi said there's an improvement in India's macro-economic landscape indicators such as inflation, current account deficit and fiscal deficit, which is likely to continue. The trend may also reduce risks such as demand and policy action, while raising the confidence of policy makers and businesses to focus on growth and investments.
India's earnings expectations have increased 4-6% over the past year. The brokerage sees a moderate earnings upside for banks, pharma, energy, cement and auto sectors at 16% compounded annual growth rate over FY15-17, with some upgrade possibilities.
India's earnings multiples have expanded significantly by about 21% from their lows.
However, the earnings multiples, which are trading at 15-16 times, are unlikely to see further re-rating in the near future, given the lower return structure, moderate growth and high exposure to the global macro environment.
The biggest gain from the new government has been the increase in risk appetite, as seen in market levels, business talk and consumer spending, which is a pre-requisite for an economic, investment, job-creation and spending revival, the brokerage said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Suggest profit booking in midcap cement stocks; bullish on IT pack: Mitesh ThackerACC
(These stocks have had a good…)
In a chat with ET Now, Mitesh Thacker, Technical Analyst, miteshthacker.co m, shares his outlook for a few stocks. Excerpts:
ET Now: IT held out a truncated week. How would you trade next week?
Mitesh Thacker: We have been talking about defensives doing well. In that space, CNX IT and a lot of IT stocks continue to make highs. They are still suggesting strong buy signals on indicator charts. Trading strategy should be very similar to what we have been following or advising for the last few days.
We are long on IT and a couple of consumer names, but in the rest of the market, possibly you might look at breakdown and then short them or avoid them for the time being.
ET Now: It was quite an active week for autos. Anything that is looking good for a trade?
Mitesh Thacker: Mahindra & Mahindra has been consolidating sideways, and a breakout above 1410-1415 should be very good. The chart pattern is positive and then we can look at the target of 1460.
Comparatively, Maruti had some kind of a negative breakdown. This closed right at the 20-day average, but if it starts breaking below 2960, we might see some bigger correction happening over here and then even look at targets of around 2850-2870 on the downside. So, one on the long side and another on the short side.
ET Now: It is an event-based thing, but Mangalore Chemicals has generally had a fairly decent week. How do you think the stock looks on the charts to you?
Mitesh Thacker: It has shown a big moment this week. In the last two weeks it has moved up from sub-75 levels to 101 now. Now it will depend on how much competition is there to buy the shares for the time being that the rally might be done. As you rightly said, it is more of an event-based thing, but if I have bought it at levels of sub-70, it is good time to take profit.
ET Now: Do you like any of the midcap cement names?
Mitesh Thacker: These stocks have had a good momentum, but for the time being cement as a space does look slightly tired to me. JK Lakshmi, even Mangalam Cement are showing signals of slowdown at higher levels. I would suggest taking out profits over here, wait for some kind of decline to happen. We have already seen some correction happening in large cap stocks like ACC and to a certain extent UltraTech Cement. So for the time being I would suggest taking profits.
ET Now: Is there any OMC where you would initiate a fresh trade next week?
Mitesh Thacker: All the three top-traded OMCs -- BPCL, HPCL, and IOC -- are clearly showing signs of a sideways consolidative kind of an active deal. They have had good runs till the months of August, some time till mid September. But now clearly they have given up on the uptrend. For the time being consolidation looks like the way forward.
What a short-term trader might want to do is try and identify lower levels of the consolidation range where positions can be taken. So IOC around 340-345 would be a good short-term trade with a Rs 10 kind of stop loss and Rs 25 kind of target. Similarly, for BPCL, 620-615 on the downside. Whenever prices are around those levels, you might want to have a long trade over there.
 
ET Now: Is there a large cap IT name that you would bet on next week?
Mitesh Thacker: It is a space which will make newer highs, and on chartered territory, fresh highs at all-time high level. The higher bottom, higher top pattern continues. I would be comfortable buying or slowly accumulating Wipro, which after a long time has managed to get past 595-600 levels. That should now head toward 660, possibly 680 on the upside.
HCL Tech looks like it should head towards 1800. Similarly, I have a positive bias on Infosys. It just manages to get past and close above the earlier highs of 3830. So we can look at targets of 3950 to about 4000. Most of these stocks look strong over here. Even Tech Mahindra has had a fresh high. So I would be positive on the IT space.
ET Now: Your top trades?
Mitesh Thacker: I have an IT name to begin with. Wipro is a buy with a stop below 594 and look for targets of around 660. Sesa Sterlite is a sell with a stop at 278, and look for targets of around 254 over here.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IT stocks still cheap despite recent surge; GoldmanIT stocks still cheap despite recent surge, says Goldman Sachs
ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 06.17AM IST
Tags:
Cyclicals
(IT stocks have outperformed…)
MUMBAI: Valuations of information technology (IT) stocks are at a discount to that of the Nifty despite the recent outperformance, said Goldman Sachs . Within the sector, the investment bank prefers stocks such as Tech Mahindra , TCS and HCL Technologies over Mindtree, Wipro and Infosys on the ground of better revenue visibility.
"Relative to its own history, sector valuations are not stretched and imply dollar revenue growth of 14% versus our forecast of 15% CAGR (compounded annual growth rate) in FY14-FY16E (estimates)," said Goldman's analysts Rishi Jhunjhunwala and defensives , in a client note.
IT stocks have outperformed the Nifty by 12% since elections results in mid-May as investors shifted from cyclicals to defensives, the investment bank said.
On Wednesday, most IT stocks ended higher in a subdued market.
Wipro rose 3.2%, Infosys gained 2.7% and TCS advanced 1.4%. Mindtree fell 2.7%. The strength in these stocks could be in the run up to the July-September results, said analysts.
Earnings of IT companies in the quarter ended September 30 have been historically strong, but market expectations from some largecap companies, including Infosys and Wipro, appear subdued, according to Goldman. "On revenue growth, TCS, HCL and TechM are best placed among large caps while for Infosys focus will be around strategy announcements by the new CEO on October 10, in our view," said the Goldman analysts.
The calendar year 2015 could be a better year than 2014 for the IT industry , the investment bank said.
"2015 would be one of the strongest years for the deal restructuring market, as per ISG. We believe that this may result in better market share gains and revenue growth for Indian IT companies in 2015," the Goldman analysts said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fire C: Alactel OneTouch launches Firefox smartphone at Rs 1 990 in India30
2
New Delhi: Handset maker Alcatel OneTouch has partnered Mozilla to launch a new smartphone, priced at Rs 1,990.
Alcatel Onetouch's claims the entry-level smartphone - Fire C 2G - is the most affordable device in the category in India. The phone will be available exclusively through eCommerce major Flipkart.
"We see a great deal of opportunity to bring benefits to more consumers on a greater variety of devices at most affordable price," Alcatel Onetouch Regional Director (APAC BU India) Praveen Valecha said.
The Fire C (2G) features a 3.5-inch screen, 1 GHz processor, 1.3 megapixel camera and comes with FM radio.
#fire c #alacatel one touch #firefox os #smartphones
The Fire C (2G) features a 3.5-inch screen, 1 GHz processor, 1.3 megapixel camera and comes with FM radio.
Other Firefox OS based smartphones available in India include Spice Fire One Mi FX1 (Rs 2,299) and Intex Firefox Cloud FX (Rs 1,999). Software major Mozilla, which runs the Firefox browser, had showcased a smartphone prototype costing as little as $25 at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona in February, targeting at developing countries including India and China.
Last month, feature phone maker Jivi had launched its first smartphone for Rs 1,999, aimed at the masses. It had claimed at the device was the cheapest Android-based smartphone available in the country.
Previously, Intex and Karbonn have launched sub-Rs 3,000 smartphones based on the latest Android 4.4 KitKat operating system.
The Indian smartphone market is witnessing intense competition, especially in the affordable category.
Touted as the fastest growing smartphone market globally, over 44 million smartphones were sold in the country last year, buoyed by affordable devices made by local firms such as Micromax and Karbonn. According to research firm IDC, 18.42 million smartphones were shipped in India in Q2 2014 with Samsung as the leader with a 29 percent market share, Micromax (18 per cent), Karbonn (8 per cent) and Lava (6 per cent). PTI SR RNK NS 10011923
155

World s first bullet train  made in Japan  turns 50Oct 02, 2014 at 12:11pm IST
World's first bullet train, made in Japan, turns 50
1
Tokyo: It was, retired Japanese railway engineer Fumihiro Araki recalls, "like flying in the sky."
Zipping cross-country in a super-high-speed train has become commonplace in many countries these days, but it was unheard of when Japan launched its bullet train between Tokyo and Osaka 50 years ago Wednesday.
The Shinkansen, as it's called in Japan, gave a boost to train travel in Europe and Asia at a time when the rise of the automobile and the airplane threated to eclipse it. It also was a symbol of pride for Japan, less than two decades after the end of World War II, and a precursor of the economic "miracle" to come.
In this October 1, 1964 photo, a ceremony is held to mark the launch of Japan's Shinkansen, a high speed train, between Tokyo and Osaka, at Tokyo Station in Tokyo.  (AP Photo/Kyodo News)
#shinkansen #bullet trains #worlds first bullet train
The October 1, 1964, inauguration ceremony was re-enacted at Tokyo Station on Wednesday at 6 am, complete with ribbon cutting. The first bullet train, with its almost cute bulbous round nose, travelled from Tokyo to Osaka in four hours, shaving two and a half hours off the 513-kilometer (319-mile) journey. The latest model, with a space-age-like elongated nose, takes just two hours and 25 minutes.
Araki, now 73, drove the Shinkansen briefly in the summer of 1967 as part of his training as a railway operations engineer. Last week, he slipped back in time as he sat in the driver's seat of one of the early model bullet trains at a railway museum outside of Tokyo. He pulled a lever on the control panel, looking straight ahead as he was trained, though all he could see were other museum exhibits.
"It was like flying in the sky, it was that kind of feeling," said Araki, the acting director of the museum. "On a clear day, you could see Mount Fuji, and riding atop the railway bridge at Hamanako lake was very pleasant. It felt like you were sailing above the sea."
A controversial project
Japan started building a high-speed line during World War II, but construction was halted in 1943 as funds ran out. The idea was revived in the 1950s, but many questioned undertaking such a costly project, particularly with the expansion of air travel and highways. Criticism turned to pride when construction, financed partly by an $80 million World Bank loan, was completed in time for the Tokyo Olympics in October 1964. The government subsidizes the construction of Shinkansen lines, but the operations are the responsibility of the private companies that run the trains, said Christopher Hood, the author of "Shinkansen: From Bullet Train to Symbol of Modern Japan." They are generally profitable, though the companies don't break out the Shinkansen operations in their financial results.
How fast?
The first Shinkansen had a maximum speed of 210 kilometers (130 miles) per hour. The fastest trains previously, in Europe, could reach 160 kph. Today's bullet trains, in Japan and elsewhere, have reached and in some cases exceeded 300 kph (186 mph). By average speed, China has the fastest train in the world, averaging 284 kph on a route between Shijiazhuang and Zhengshou Dong, according to a biennial World Speed Survey by Railway Gazette.
Europe, asia, but not the US
The Shinkansen renewed interest in high-speed rail elsewhere, notably in Europe. France and Spain are among the leaders in Europe, and Turkey last year became the ninth country to operate a train at an average speed of 200 kph, according to Railway Gazette. South Korea and Taiwan also operate high-speed systems in Asia. The United States is an exception, though there are proposals to build lines in California and Texas. The fastest train in the U.S., Amtrak's Acela Express, averages 169 kph (105 mph) on a short stretch between Baltimore and Wilmington, Delaware, the speed survey says.
What's next
Magnetic levitation. Shanghai launched a German-built maglev train in 2004 on a 30-kilometer route between the city and the airport. It can hit 430 kph (267 mph). A Japanese maglev train in development has topped 500 kph (310 mph) in tests. If built, it could reduce the travel time between Tokyo and Osaka to just over one hour. With speed, though, some of the romance is lost. A faster Shinkansen has eliminated its dining car. "The problem is that Japan is such a small country," said Araki, the retired engineer. "If you go too fast, you'll get there in no time. No time to enjoy an onboard meal."
25

From Bapus birthplace  Gujarat CM Anandiben Patel launches SwachhBharatPrint
Anadiben said that Gandhi helped India win its freedom but the country had not given anything to the Mahatma in return. (Source: IE)
Written by Gopal B Kateshiya | Porbandar | Posted: October 2, 2014 2:06 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 2:22 pm
Gujarat Chief Minister Anandiben Patel on Thursday formally launched the “Swachh Bharat” campaign from Porbandar and compared it to India’s freedom movement.
To rid India of filth is as daunting task as achieving Independence, and to accomplish the mission of a clean India would require a mass struggle like our Freedom Struggle, Gujarat Chief Minister Anandiben Patel said on Thursday.
“Bapu loved cleanliness the most. But to rid the country of filth is as tough a task as it was to win Independence….During Freedom Struggle, (initially) people were fighting as individuals. But Gandhi turned this fight into a people’s movement by bringing all together. If we want to clean India, it can be done only and only through a similar people’s movement — when each individual forms a habit of not littering anywhere,” a poignant Patel said after attending an all-religion prayer held at Kirti Mandir here, the birth place of the Mahatma Gandhi on his 146th birth anniversary.
Echoing words of Prime Mnister Narendra Modi, the CM opined that Gandhi, the Father of the Nation, helped India win its freedom but the country had not given anything to the Mahatma in return. “Let’s take a pledge to gift Gandhi a clean India on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019….Let’s take a pledge to inculcate at least one of the values that the Mahatma lived by, in our lives and present Gandhi a clean and healthy India five years from now,” Patel told the gathering at Kirti Mandir.
Patel also said that as a women CM, it was her dream to have a toilet for each and every woman in Gujarat. “Porbandar alone has 19,000 households without toilets. As a woman Chief Minister, it is my dream to have toilet for each and every woman of the state. We have decided to make it compulsory for elected representatives of local bodies like panchayats to build toilets in their residences within six months or they may face disqualification. We have also decided to make it mandatory for persons wanting to contest local body polls from 2015 to have a toilet at their respective homes as a pre-condition,” Patel said while speaking at another programme in Kadia Plot area of Porbadar to formally launch state-level programmes of Mahatma Gandhi Swachchhta Mission.
The CM did all the cleaning herself using a broom before going on the stage. The state government had launched programmes since September 25 in the run up to the launch of the national mission by PM Modi on Thursday.
Patel said the state government had holistic plans to make Gujarat clean by 2019. “We are providing underground drainage lines in the state. But the drains flow in local dams or nullah and villages in their surroundings face problems. Therefore, we have decided to set up sewage treatment plants in municipalities by 2019 continued…

Can work together with India to build sustainable future  says USOct 02, 2014 at 01:43pm IST
Can work together with India to build sustainable future, says US
7
0
Washington: The "enhanced strategic partnership" announced by President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi, is a major development in the collaboration between the two countries in energy and sustainable development, the US has said.
"Our partnership is robust, reliable, enduring and expanding. We can together build a clean sustainable future that President Obama and Prime Minister Modi are committed to," US Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz said in his address to the 5th US-India Energy Partnership Summit organised here by The Energy Research Institute (TERI) in association with Yale University.
Highly appreciate of the steps being taken by Modi in this area, Moniz said the Prime Minister "is providing a new momentum".
The "enhanced strategic partnership" announced by Obama and Modi, is a development between the two countries in terms of sustainable development.
#us #india #narendra modi #barack obama
In the area of finding low-carbon energy solutions for India's ambitious plans, Moniz said nuclear energy is an area where we need to step up collaboration.
Moniz pointed out four areas "we have a strong base to build on" namely, new US-India Smart Cities collaboration, new multi-billion-dollar effort to support renewable energy, US-India partnership for climate resilience and training students and scholars in US-India exchange programme.
The two-day summit, organised by TERI North America brought experts from the fields of energy, finance, policy, technology, climate change and environment, who deliberated on collaborations between the US and India.
USAID Administrator, Rajiv Shah, spoke of Modi's meeting with Obama and their commitment to working jointly.
"This cooperation represents a new opportunity for business, partnerships and investment for both the US and for India," he said.
Referring to the progress on projects in India, Shah said, "We want to nurture innovations and share innovations in India and across the world".
Leocadia Zak, Director, US Trade and Development Agency (USTDA), emphasised the role of the private sector.
"To be able to accomplish our goals, it's not just about governments, it's about the private sector, it's about the people," she said.
"What we are doing can have mutual benefit," she said adding that technology grid is an area for significant focus.
She cited a programme involving the setting up of a roadmap for Tata Energy to reduce electric grid transmission losses which has and seen tremendous results.
R K Pachauri, President, TERI North America and Director General, TERI, said, "For the first time there is optimism and an upbeat attitude towards renewable energy in India".
He spoke of prospects of a breakthrough and said that the summit discussions had developed several ideas to help implement the goals of the "new and enhanced strategic partnership on energy security, clean energy, and climate change" announced by the leaders of the US and India.
1

Modi challenges Tendulkar  Tharoor  Salman for Clean India campaignOct 02, 2014 at  02:03pm IST
Modi challenges Tendulkar, Tharoor, Salman for Clean India campaign
34
1
New Delhi: In his bid to make 'Swachh Bharat' a people's movement, Prime Minister Narendra Modi initiated a chain by inviting nine eminent personalities including cricket icon Sachin Tendulkar, Congress leader Shashi Tharoor, industrialist Anil Ambani along with several actors to spread awareness on cleanliness.
The Internet-savvy Prime Minister appeared inspired by the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge, which had gone viral in recent months, as he asked the celebrities to nominate nine more people to join the campaign and hoped that the chain would continue.
Among those nominated by the PM are film actors Salman Khan, Priyanka Chopra and Kamal Hassan, industrialist Anil Ambani, Goa Governor Mridula Sinha and Congress leader Shashi Tharoor, yoga guru Ramdev and the team of TV serial "Tarak Mehta Ka Ulta Chashma". Modi also administered a pledge to thousands of people, including schools children and government employees at Rajpath for remaining committed to cleanliness to make the country clean.
The Internet-savvy Prime Minister appeared inspired by the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge which had gone viral in recent months.
#clean india #clean up india #narendra modi #sachin tendulkar
"I will remain committed towards cleanliness and devote time for this. I will neither litter nor let others litter," pledged all those present at a function to mark the launch of "Swachh Bharat" (Clean India) mission at India Gate by the Prime Minister.
Actor Aamir Khan also joined the PM in taking the pledge along with Union Ministers Nitin Gadkari and Venkaiah Naidu. "I have invited nine people and asked them to come to public places and work towards a Clean India. I ask them to invite nine more people too. I am sure these nine people will do the work and each will invite nine more people to form a chain and clean the country," Modi said.
The original ice bucket challenge where such a chain was created online was designed to raise funds for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis- also known as Lou Gehrig's Disease and motor neurone disease, which is a global viral phenomenon.
Modi also announced starting a campaign on cleanliness through social media using his website MyGov.in and other such websites, including a new website dedicated to the clean India campaign.    The PM later joined the children in the Walkathon after flagging it off at Rajpath. The Walkathon is part of steps for creating awareness on cleanliness.
140

J&K Governor  CM Omar Abdullah pay homage to Mahatma GandhiOct 02, 2014 at  01:36pm IST
J&K Governor, CM Omar Abdullah pay homage to Mahatma Gandhi
4
0
Srinagar: Jammu and Kashmir Governor N N Vohra and Chief Minister Omar Abdullah paid tributes to Mahatma Gandhi on his birth anniversary, describing him as the champion of human values and architect of secular democratic India.
In his message, Omar said the best way of paying tributes to Gandhi is "that all of us contribute wholeheartedly to create a classless society where equality and justice will rule the roost".
He also mentioned the plight of flood affected people and asked everyone to render all support to them for rehabilitation.
Jammu and Kashmir Governor N N Vohra and Chief Minister Omar Abdullah paid tributes to Mahatma Gandhi on his birth anniversary.
#omar abdullah #mahatma gandhi #swachh bharat #n n vohra
In his message, the Governor recalled Mahatma Gandhi's contributions in the freedom struggle, his sustained campaign against social injustice, racism and suppression of the under-privileged sections and his unending pursuit for the establishment of a truly secular and harmonious society.
Vohra described Gandhi as an apostle of peace and a staunch believer of non-violence whose sacrifices and teachings are indelibly imprinted on the global conscience.
The Governor said at this juncture, the most befitting tribute to the Father of Nation would be to recall and revive his values and teachings by re-invigorating and strengthening the bonds of communal harmony, brotherhood, amity and establishing a truly secular environment.
The Governor said in the aftermath of the colossal floods which have ravaged the state, the government and the people are faced with a gigantic task of ensuring cleanliness and sanitation and effectively ensuring against the spread of any health problem.
He exhorted all citizens of the state to join the 'Swachh Bharat' campaign launched to ensure cleanliness in and around every habitation.
0

Hong Kong protests: China tells US to back offHong Kong protests: China tells US to back off
President: Every Indian should do his bit to keep India cleanPresident Pranab Mukherjee took part in the Swacch Bharat campaign at an event held at his school, the Kirnahar Shib Chandra High School, in West Bengal.
Kirnahar (WB), Oct 2:  
Taking part in the 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan', President Pranab Mukherjee today said every Indian should devote two hours daily or at least 100 hours annually in a cleanliness drive.
Administering a pledge to the people to keep the country clean, the President said keeping the surroundings clean is an effective way in which a citizen can serve his country.
Besides the Government initiative to maintain cleanliness, he said, each and every Indian should do his part in this mission.
The President, who took part in this mission at Kirnahar Shib Chandra High School from where he finished his school-level education, said it was from this institute that he first imbibed the importance of cleanliness.
Messages on cleanliness were written on the walls of the school building, which left an imprint on the minds of the students, he said.
The President came to Kirnahar from Mirati, where he is performing puja in his ancestral house. He is putting up at the house of his elder sister Annapurna Banerjee here in Birbhum district.
This is the third Durga puja for Mukherjee after being sworn in as the President of the country.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

CSTC bus catches fire  no casualtyCSTC bus catches fire, no casualty
PTI
Tweet
Kolkata, October 2:  
A Calcutta State Transport Corporation bus carrying about 40 passengers caught fire this morning near the crowded Deshapriya Park in south Kolkata where people had thronged for Durga Puja.
There was no casualty and the fire was doused before the arrival of fire tenders, Fire Brigade officers said.
Terming it as a "minor incident", Fire Brigade officers said the fire was caused due to an engine short circuit.
"There was no casualty. The incident occurred near Priya Cinema when a Ballygunge-bound CSTC bus from Howrah caught fire at 10.24 am. The fire was brought under control before the tenders reached the spot," a fire brigade officer said.
The incident, however, created panic as it happened on Ashtami, the peak day of Durga Puja festivities.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

92 jail inmates appear for Gandhi peace exam92 jail inmates appear for Gandhi peace exam
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 2:  
In an indication of Gandhian thoughts continuing to inspire prisoners, 92 inmates of the Taloja Central Jail near Mumbai appeared for the Gandhi Peace Exam.
TRK Somaiya of the Bombay Sarvodaya Mandal which conducted the exam, said the exercise was carried out "to evoke a sense of regret for the wrong deeds in the minds of jail inmates and to reform and help them be responsible citizens of society."
The Bombay Sarvodaya Mandal and Saksham conducted the exam.
On the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti today, prizes and certificates were distributed to the inmates who appeared for the Gandhi Peace Exam, he said. Most of the inmates passed the exam, he added.
The topper got 76 marks out of 80 and a Nigerian inmate got 65 marks. Jail Superintendent, Taloja Central Jail presided over the function.
Gandhi's autobiography My Experiments with Truth and other books written by Mahatma Gandhi and on his thoughts were made available to the inmates free of charge, Somaiya said.
Laxman Gole of Sarvodaya Mandal and Salve Guruji and Gholap Guruji of Taloja Jail conducted the exam. Laxman Gole, had confessed to his crimes before a judge after reading Gandhi's autobiography and now visits jails and inspires prisoners to follow Gandhi’s teachings, he said.
Prisoners also gave written feedback on how the Gandhi Exam benefitted them. One of the inmates said, "After reading Gandhi's autobiography, I have decided that I will never choose the path of violence under any circumstances."
Another prisoner decided that he would never steal and quarrel with anyone. An inmate said the exam gives a positive approach to lead life.
A prisoner said this exam made him realise his capacities and he would follow Gandhi's path of truth and non-violence now onwards.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Mutual fund assets rise to record-high of Rs 10.6 lakh crore inQ2Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 2:35 pm
Improved market sentiments helped mutual funds’ assets under management (AUM) soar 7.2 per cent to a record-high of Rs 10.6 lakh crore in the second quarter of the current fiscal.
The country’s 45 fund houses together had an average AUM of Rs 10.58 lakh crore during July-September quarter of 2014-15, up from Rs 9.87 lakh crore in the preceding three months, thus, registering a gain of over Rs 71,000 crore, or 7.2 per cent, says the latest data available with Association of Mutual Funds in India (AMFI).
The AUMs had crossed Rs 10 lakh crore-mark for the first time in May, when the markets went up after the General Elections result.
Industry experts said the quarterly rise in AUM is largely on account of gains in equity markets. Besides, retail participation in equity schemes has increased significantly during the recent months.
HDFC Mutual Fund (MF) has retained its top position with an average AUM of Rs 1.41 lakh crore, a surge in asset base by about nine per cent, while ICICI Prudential MF saw its asset base grow by eight per cent to Rs 1.27 lakh crore during the period.
In the top league, HDFC MF and ICICI Pru are followed by Reliance MF (Rs 1.22 lakh crore), Birla Sunlife (Rs 1.02 lakh crore) and UTI MF (Rs 83,250 crore) in terms of average AUM in the first quarter of 2014-15.
Mutual fund is an investment vehicle that is made up of a pool of funds collected from many investors for the purpose of investing in securities such as stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.

World stocks knocked as ECB faces 1 tn euro question | Oil drops under $93Doubts undermine stocks as ECB faces 1 trillion euro question
By Reuters | 2 Oct, 2014, 02.42PM IST
0
Share More
European markets were sucked into storm before ECB's monthly policy meeting where pressure is intensifying on it to launch govt bond purchase programme.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: World stocks were knocked hard after global manufacturing data and an Ebola health scare in the United States spooked markets, sending investors scurrying to the safety of US bonds, the yen and gold.
European markets were sucked into the storm before the European Central Bank's monthly policy meeting where pressure is intensifying on it to launch an aggressive government bond purchase programme.
Investors warmed to the yen and safe-haven bonds after a slew of surveys on Wednesday showed German factory activity shrinking for the first time in 15 months, China's manufacturing sector barely growing and the United States slowing more than expected.
All that pushed MSCI's 45-country world stock index to a five-month low and Britain's FTSE, Germany's DAX and France's CAX fell 0.3-0.6 per cent in early deals as the sell-off continued.
"The market is quite nervous," said Alvin Tan, a strategist at Societe Generale in London.
"What we are most concerned by is the risk backdrop. The S&P 500 appears to be in the process of breaking below the 100-day moving average and on top of that we see volatility picking up in not only equities but also currencies."
Confirmation of a case of Ebola in the United States has joined a growing list of bearish news stories with geo-political tensions in Ukraine and Hong Kong, and growth concerns around China and the euro zone sapping risk appetite.
After a 1 per cent drop on Wall Street , Japanese equities had led the selloff in Asia as a rebound in the yen added to the backdrop of a sputtering domestic economy to push Tokyo's Nikkei down a sharp 2.1 per cent to three-week lows.
The risk-averse mood also pushed US Treasury yields into their biggest drop in just over a year, while gold rallied.
The dollar subsequently slipped back below 110 yen - a threshold breached for the first time since 2008 this week - and was last down 0.2 per cent at 108.83 yen.
TRILLION EURO QUESTION: The euro steadied in early European trading at $1.2623 having crawled away from a two-year low of $1.2571 hit earlier in the week. German government bond yields sagged near their August all-time lows.
Traders were focused on the European Central Bank meeting later in the session with the divergence of US monetary policy with those of Europe and Japan now an established market theme.
The US Federal Reserve is trying to normalise monetary policy after years of pumping out cheap funds, while the ECB and Bank of Japan are seen stuck with their very easy policies for the foreseeable future.
ECB head Mario Draghi is set to give details at the bank's 1230 GMT post-meeting news conference of a new plan to buy asset-backed securities and covered bonds, hoping this will finally revive the euro zone economy.
It is under pressure, however, to launch a super-sized round of government bond purchases. It plans to add another trillion euros to its balance sheet, but poor demand for a new round of cheap loans last month has raised doubts.
"In the longer term people are still hoping for full-scale quantitative easing," said Robert Kuenzel , euro area economist at Daiwa Securities in London.
"But it is unlikely to come in the near future. I think the first line of defence is the TLTRO (cheap long-term loans to banks) and the covered bond and ABS purchase programmes, but there is a risk that both of those components disappoint."
In commodities, Brent crude oil fell past $93 a barrel, extending a three-month losing stretch as weak economic signals from China and Europe and ample global supply continue to weigh.
US crude slumped $1 to $89.60 a barrel. Gold added to small gains, buoyed by risk-averse sentiment. Spot gold rose 0.5 per cent to $1,219.27 an ounce. Markets in both China and Hong Kong had been closed for public holidays but sustained civil unrest in Hong Kong is also weighing on investor confidence, although the city's streets were calm early on Thursday.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

European shares hit five-week low; eyes on ECBEuropean shares hit five-week low; eyes on ECB
By Reuters | 2 Oct, 2014, 02.15PM IST
0
Share More
Shares in Allianz fell 0.4 per cent, adding to recent sharp losses, after the firm's asset management unit Pimco suffered a record $23.5 billion.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
PARIS: European shares fell in early trading on Thursday, with a benchmark index hitting a five-week low as soft global manufacturing data prompted investors to cut equity holdings worldwide.
Shares in Allianz fell 0.4 per cent, adding to recent sharp losses, after the firm's asset management unit Pimco suffered a record $23.5 billion of withdrawals from its flagship Pimco Total Return Fund in September. Its largest daily outflow occurred on the day of Bill Gross's surprise resignation from the firm.
At 0752 GMT, the FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares was down 0.5 per cent at 1,360.93 points, after losing 0.9 per cent on Wednesday.
The index has lost 3.6 per cent over the past two weeks, dragged down by a flurry of sales and profit warnings as well as by growing concerns over the timing of the US Federal Reserve's expected interest rate hike next year.
"All eyes are on the S&P 500 and whether or not it's entering a bearish trend. If we get a 'sell' signal on the index, then we're set for a serious correction, but it's too early to say if this is what's going to happen," Aurel BGC chartist Gerard Sagnier said.
Traders awaited details on the European Central Bank's new asset-buying plan, due later on Thursday, which the ECB hopes will prop up inflation and revive the euro zone economy.
The ECB plans to buy asset-backed securities (ABS) - packages of reparcelled loans - with a view to spurring the market for such credit and supporting lending to the small- and mid-sized firms that form the backbone of the euro zone economy.
A Reuters poll on Monday showed money market traders on average expect the ECB to buy a total of 200 billion euros of ABS and covered bonds over a year.
Around Europe, both UK's FTSE 100 index and Germany's DAX index were down 0.4 per cent, while France's CAC 40 was down 0.3 per cent.
The retreat was sharper in southern Europe, with Spain's IBEX down 0.5 per cent, Italy's MIB down 0.6 per cent and Portugal's PSI 20 down 1.3 per cent.
Shares in Fiat-Chrysler bucked the trend, rising 1.5 per cent. The group reiterated on Thursday that a tax agreement granted by Luxembourg to one of its subsidiaries was legitimate and said the potential financial impact of a European Commission probe into the matter would not be significant.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

US lawmaker to display Modi-signed India map...US lawmaker to display Narendra Modi's signed Indian map in his office
PTI Oct 2, 2014, 02.11PM IST
Tags:
Indian map
("I hope this scene will symbolise…)
WASHINGTON: A top American lawmaker has said he would display a map of India autographed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his office at the US Congress .
"The Prime Minister was kind enough to sign my map of India near the State of Gujarat, where he was Chief Minister, which I plan to proudly display in my Washington, DC office," said Republican Congressman, Peter Roskam , who is also Co-Chair of the Congressional Caucus on India and Indian Americans.
During a tea hosted in honour of the Prime Minister by the House of Representatives Speaker, John Boehner, at the Capitol Hill on Tuesday, Roskam also present to Modi with a painting by his wife, Elizabeth, entitled "Luminary Dome" to commemorate his visit.
"I hope this scene will symbolise the great promise ahead as our two countries work together to achieve a brighter future," the Congressman said.
"It was an honour to host Prime Minister Modi at the Capitol and discuss ways to expand the US-India relationship on many levels, including defense, education, energy, and trade," Roskam said.
"This strategic partnership is critical to the long-term peace, freedom, and security of both nations in the 21st century," he said in a statement.
"I am confident that Prime Minister Modi has the vision, experience, and expertise to lead India to economic prosperity, and I look forward to working with him closely in the coming years," Roskam said.
"I am confident that the strong US-India partnership will remain a vitally important and positive force in achieving that potential in the days ahead," the Congressman said in a letter to the Prime Minister.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hong Kong police urge protests to stop  warn against occupying government buildingsHong Kong police urge protests to stop  warn against occupying government buildings
Kejriwal cleans drains in New DelhiKejriwal cleans drains in New Delhi
Bharat Heavy Electricals bags Rs 359 crore contract from NMDCBharat Heavy Electricals bags Rs 359 crore contract from NMDC
GLOBAL MARKETS-Doubts undermine stocks as ECB faces 1 trillion euro questionGLOBAL MARKETS-Doubts undermine stocks as ECB faces 1 trillion euro question
Europe s carmakers walk tightrope between low cost and high specEurope s carmakers walk tightrope between low cost and high spec
White House security×
Caption
The Secret Service is under scrutiny after a man scaled the White House fence and made it all the way into the East Room.
Sept. 22, 2014 Security is heightened around the White House following Friday’s breach. Omar Jose Gonzalez, 42, appeared before a judge on one charge of unlawfully entering a restricted building or grounds while carrying a deadly or dangerous weapon. Nikki Kahn/The Washington Post
By Carol D. Leonnig September 29 Follow @CarolLeonnig
The man who jumped the White House fence this month and sprinted through the front door made it much farther into the building than previously known, overpowering one Secret Service officer and running through much of the main floor, according to three people familiar with the incident.
An alarm box near the front entrance of the White House designed to alert guards to an intruder had been muted at what officers believed was a request of the usher’s office, said a Secret Service official who spoke on the condition of anonymity.
The officer posted inside the front door appeared to be delayed in learning that the intruder, Omar Gonzalez, was about to burst through. Officers are trained that, upon learning of an intruder on the grounds — often through the alarm boxes posted around the property — they must immediately lock the front door.
After barreling past the guard immediately inside the door, Gonzalez, who was carrying a knife, dashed past the stairway leading a half-flight up to the first family’s living quarters. He then ran into the 80-foot-long East Room , an ornate space often used for receptions or presidential addresses.
Gonzalez was tackled by a counterassault agent at the far southern end of the East Room. The intruder reached the doorway to the Green Room , a parlor overlooking the South Lawn with artwork and antique furniture, according to three people familiar with the incident.
Secret Service officials had earlier said he was quickly detained at the main entry. Agency spokesman Edwin Donovan said the office is not commenting during the ongoing investigation of the incident.
Breaches of the White House fence have become more common, but most jumpers are tackled by Secret Service officers guarding the complex before they get even a third of the way across the lawn. Gonzalez is the first person known to have jumped the fence and made it inside the executive mansion .
Secret Service Director Julia Pierson has said the breach was “unacceptable” to her, and on Friday she briefed President Obama on her plans to shore up security.
Pierson is expected to face tough questions about the Gonzalez incident Tuesday at a hearing of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee. The hearing is likely to cover a number of security lapses by the agency, including new revelations published over the weekend by The Washington Post about the failure to identify and properly investigate a 2011 shooting attack on the White House.
The more detailed account of this month’s security breach comes from people who provided information about the incident to The Post and whistleblowers who contacted Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah), chairman of the oversight panel’s subcommittee on national security.
Chaffetz said he plans to ask Pierson how an alarm meant to alert officers to intruders could be silenced or turned down. The congressman said two people inside the agency told him that boxes were silenced because the White House usher staff, whose office is near the front door, complained that they were noisy. A Secret Service official told The Post that the usher’s office was concerned the boxes were frequently malfunctioning and unnecessarily sounding off.
The alarm boxes, which officers call “crash boxes,” are key pieces of the agency’s first-alert system, according to former agents and officials. If officers spot an intruder, they are trained to hit the large red button on the nearest box — sending an alert to every post on the complex about the location of an incursion and piping sound from that location to other boxes around the property.
There were some heated moments Tuesday when Secret Service Director Julia Pierson testified before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee about two security breaches at the White House, one in 2011 and one less than two weeks ago. (Sarah Parnass/The Washington Post)
“If true, the fact that crash boxes were muted to avoid being ‘disruptive’ is not due to a lack of resources or an insufficient number of checkpoints or barriers,” Chaffetz said.
He called the incident a “failure of leadership” by the Secret Service.
“The agency needs a solution that goes deeper than more fences and more people,” Chaffetz said. “It must examine what message is being sent to the men and women who protect the president when their leader sacrifices security to appease superficial concerns of White House ushers.”
The new revelations follow accounts provided to The Post last week detailing how Gonzalez’s ability to enter the White House reflected a failure of multiple levels of security at the compound. The agency relies on these successive layers as a fail-safe for protecting the president and the White House complex.
In this incident, a plainclothes surveillance team was on duty that night outside the fence, meant to spot jumpers and give early warning before they made it over. But that team did not notice Gonzalez. There was an officer in a guard booth on the North Lawn. When that officer could not reach Gonzalez, there was supposed to be an attack dog, a specialized SWAT team and a guard at the front door — all at the ready.
The dog was not released, a decision now under review. Some people familiar with the incident say the handler probably felt he could not release the dog, because so many officers were in pursuit of Gonzalez and the dog may have attacked them instead.
Since the incident, the Secret Service has added an additional layer of temporary fencing while the agency reviews its procedures.
Alice Crites contributed to this report.
Related:

Maruti recalls nearly 70 000 diesel vehicles to replace wiring harnessHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Maruti recalls nearly 70,000 diesel vehicles to replace wiring harness
S Ronendra Singh
To repair wiring harness fitment in Dzire, Swift, Ritz models manufactured March 2010-August 2013
New Delhi, Sept 30:  
For the second time in four months, Maruti Suzuki India (MSIL) has recalled its vehicles. On Tuesday, it recalled 69,555 diesel vehicles.
The company said that it will proactively inspect and repair the wiring harness fitment of these vehicles – 55,938 units of old Dzire, 12,486 units of old Swift and 1,131 units of Ritz, manufactured between March 2010 and August 2013.
In April, the company had recalled 1,03,311 vehicles to replace ‘fuel filler neck’.
The vehicles included 42,481 units of Dzire, 47,237 units of Swift, and 13,593 units of Ertiga manufactured between November 2013 and February 2014.
Combined with the earlier recall this year, the total goes up to 1,72,866 vehicles, which is a major chunk by an automobile manufacturer.
The major recall by a single company has been General Motors’ India (1.14 lakh units of multi-purpose vehicle – Tavera - in July 2013).
New draft provisions
If the provisions in the new draft Bill (Road Transport and Safety Bill 2014) of the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways are accepted, companies recalling vehicles could attract fines.
The Bill stipulates that in case 100 or more people report a defect that may ‘cause harm to the driver or passengers of that model of motor vehicle or to other road users’ then a fine will be imposed.
“The Authority shall have the power to order a recall of all the motor vehicles of a particular model where a defect in that particular model of motor vehicle that may cause harm to the driver or occupants of that motor vehicle or to other road users,” it says.
Maruti Suzuki India, in its statement, said the “exercise is limited to vehicles within the above specified range and does not pertain to any other vehicle of the company or its exports.
“This exercise does not pertain to any other model of the company or its exports”.
Internal checks
“Maruti Suzuki dealers will contact owners of all the affected vehicles.
“The dealer workshop technicians will inspect the wiring harness fitment condition and carry out the necessary repairs, free-of-cost,” it said.
It said the problem was noticed based on feedback monitoring and internal checks by the company.
Proactive action
“Accordingly, proactive action has been initiated in the interest of customers,” it said.
The users of these cars can also check the company’s website to see whether their vehicle is among those recalled.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Intricate and divine: different moods of Durga Puja idols in Delhi s Chittaranjan Parklifestyle
Intricate and divine: different moods of Durga Puja idols in Delhi’s Chittaranjan Park
As Durga Puja celebrations in Chittaranjan Park, New Delhi are in full swing, some artisans look back and narrate their experiences.  (Express photo: Abhimanyu Chakravorty)
The first stage of idol making is always very challenging, say artisans. "Attention to detail is of paramount importance. You can't possibly mould a disfigured hand or face. It needs to be fine-tuned over and over again. Even the lines on the palm are meticulously done. But once the first stage is done away with the rest falls in place," adds 24-year-old Mohan from Chandrapur, Kolkata. (Express photo: Abhimanyu Chakravorty)
"The last stage is to add shine to the idol, after that you're only left with the clothing and decoration. Here I am using varnish oil, which is a mixture of tamarind seed powder mixed with water. This is done to keep the shine permanent," said Mohan. (Express photo: Abhimanyu Chakravorty)
"If you notice carefully, the emotions and facial features of idols differ from pandal to pandal. Look at this sculpture and you instantly feel the pain, anguish and anger of the Asura. That's the motive. The way Asura is being attacked by the snake and the Lion reflect the ultimate triumph of good over evil, albeit more dramatized," says Mangal. (Express photo: Abhimanyu Chakravorty)
"Around 4-5 years back, we used to travel inside cramped compartments of the Kalka Mail. But for the past two years, we have been travelling in Rajdhani's 3 Tier AC trains. The event organisers are definitely making more money from Pujas than they did a few years back," quips Mohan. (Express photo: Abhimanyu Chakravorty)
"I don't know how to explain this, but the whole process of making the idols with love and utmost care, and then immersing it on Dashami, is something I still can't fathom," says Mangal, a young boy in his twenties. (Express photo: Abhimanyu Chakravorty)
"We always strive to better our work each year. A big challenge for us therefore is to make the idols more evocative so that when people look at them they should feel the positive vibes," says 35-year-old Ram Kumar from Bhowanipore, Kolkata. (Express photo: Abhimanyu Chakravorty)
"The pressure of deadlines is tremendous. There were days when we've slept on an empty stomach," says 29-year-old Mangal aka 'Khaepa keshto'. "I get irritated very easily, that's why the name Khaepa," chuckles Mangal. (Express photo: Abhimanyu Chakravorty)
With a flood of advertisers during Durga Puja, Mohan feels the whole affair has become very commercial. "People are losing touch with their tradition because the Bengali youth today is more drawn towards the glamour attached with Pujo rather than god itself," adds Mohan.
Related

India s MindTree falls; brokers downgrade on valuationsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Narendra Modi holds talks with Barack Obamapicture  others
Narendra Modi holds talks with Barack Obama
Prime Minister Narendra Modi held talks with US President Barack Obama on 'substantive' bilateral, regional and international issues including defence, security, trade and situation in West Asia in view of threat by Islamic State militants.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi waves as President Barack Obama looks on after briefing the media in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
Narendra Modi drove straight from Blair House to the famous West Wing of the White House to hold talks with Obama, first in restrictive format followed by delegation level.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi waves as he arrives at the White House in Washington DC for a meeting with US President Barack Obama on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
This is the second meeting between Modi and Obama, who hosted a private dinner for the Indian Prime Minister on his arrival from New York. (Source: PTI)
Modi and Obama had met in an informal setting in Blue Room of the White House and shared their experiences after taking over as Prime Minister and the President respectively apart from discussing areas of cooperation in combating Ebola virus and the situation in war-torn Afghanistan. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi talks to  President Barack Obama at the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial in Washington on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi talks to  President Barack Obama at the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial in Washington on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama  during briefing the media in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama shake hands after briefing the media in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama shake hands after briefing the media in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial in Washington on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
President Barack Obama escorts Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial in Washington. President Barack Obama lauded India's new prime minister for focusing on economic growth and addressing the needs of the "poorest of the poor."  (Source: PTI)
Related

Top 10 moments of Narendra Modi s US visitpicture  others
Top 10 moments of Narendra Modi’s US visit
Prime Minister Narendra Modi hogged the limelight during his visit to the United States. His speech at the United Nations General Assembly, address to Indian-Americans at the Madison Square Garden and highly anticipated meeting & dinner with President Barack Obama were the highlights of the visit. Here we have picked ten pictures that capture the mood and perhaps the deepening of ties between the two countries.
President Barack Obama escorts Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial in Washington. Obama lauded Modi for focusing on economic growth and addressing the needs of the "poorest of the poor."
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama shake hands after briefing the media in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington.(Source: PTI)
President Barack Obama of the United States welcomes Narendra Modi, at the dinner hosted in his honour, at the White House, in Washington DC. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses the audience during a reception organised in his honour by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
An aerial view of the audience as Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses Indian Americans at the Madison Square Garden in New York. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the private dinner hosted by President Barack Obama of the United States, at the White House in Washington DC. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi pays tribute to a statue of Mahatma Gandhi in Washington DC. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greets actor Hugh Jackmank at the 3rd Global Citizen Festival at Central Park in New York. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi during a breakfast meeting with CEOs in New York. (Source: PTI)
President Barack Obama escorts Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial in Washington. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses the 69th session of the United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters in New York on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Related

Train collision near Gorakhpur kills 12picture  others
Train collision near Gorakhpur kills 12
At least 12 persons were killed and 45 injured when a speeding passenger train allegedly jumped signal and collided with another train which was taking a turn on a loop line near Gorakhpur last night.
Three coaches of Barauni Express were badly damaged in the collision. (Source: Express Photo by Vishal Srivastav)
The Maduadeeh-Lucknow Krishak Express hit Barauni bound express train from Lucknow from the side while it was on the loop line at Nandanagar railway crossing, at around 11 PM. (Source: Express Photo by Vishal Srivastav)
Rapid Action Force, Gorkha Regiment and railway police reached the spot and started the rescue work. (Source: Express Photo by Vishal Srivastav)
People from the area also helped the forces in the rescue operation. (Source: Express Photo by Vishal Srivastav)
The devastation caused due to the massive accident. (Source: Express Photo by Vishal Srivastav)
The compartment of a mingled bogy at the accident site. (Source: Express Photo by Vishal Srivastav)
Movement of trains on Gorakhpur-Varanasi track was disrupted following the incident and few trains have been diverted. (Source: Express Photo by Vishal Srivastav)
Related

First offshore wind power project to come up in GujaratNew Delhi, October 1, 2014
Updated: October 1, 2014 19:38 IST
First offshore wind power project to come up in Gujarat
IANS
economy, business and finance
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s message in the US was loud and clear that renewable energy is the way to go, Goyal said.
The Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (MNRE) Wednesday said it has signed a memorandum of understanding to form a joint venture (JV) company for setting up a 100 MW offshore wind power project off the Gujarat coast.
The MoU was signed between MNRE, National Institute of Wind Energy and a consortium of partners consisting of NTPC, Power Grid Corp, Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency, Power Finance Corp, Power Trading Corp and Gujarat Power Corporation Ltd.
“Considering the country’s 7,600 km coast line, opportunities for scaling up offshore wind power projects are humongous,” said Power and MNRE Minister Piyush Goyal, who was present on the occasion.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s message in the US was loud and clear that renewable energy is the way to go, Goyal said.
“It dovetails the world’s concerns about climate change and it clearly enhances India’s energy security,” he added.
The minister also suggested building partnerships with defence, coast guard and shipping to ensure seamless and time bound approval process.
The JV will undertake a detailed feasibility study to set up the first planned demonstration off shore wind project.
It has been proposed to provide subsidy for setting up of evacuation and transmission infrastructure of the project to the mainland, an official release said.
With more than 22 giga-watt (GW) installed capacity in onshore wind power, it is currently the fastest growing renewable energy option in the country, the statement added.

Modi signs off with Thank you  U.S.Updated: October 2, 2014 02:39 IST
Modi signs off with ‘Thank you, U.S.’
Suhasini Haidar
AP Prime Minister Narendra Modi flanked by Secretary of State John Kerry and Vice President Joe Biden, speaks during a luncheon in his honour at the State Department in Washington.
TOPICS
heads of state
Describes his five-day visit as “very successful and satisfactory”
After establishing a personal rapport with President Barack Obama, Prime Minister Narendra Modi described his five-day visit to the United States as “very successful and satisfactory” and wound it up with a “Thank You, America.”
He arrived in New Delhi on Wednesday night.
The two sides found commonalities on a range of issues including strategic partnership and trade.
In his talks with President Obama, the concerns of the private sector, particularly over the nuclear logjam, were brought up. The Indo-U.S. joint statement spoke of “advancing” the civil nuclear dialogue, mentioning by name two private companies, Westinghouse and GE-Hitachi, whose issues with implementation would be addressed.
In a speech to the private sector at the U.S. India Business Council, Mr. Modi promised to replace “red tape with a red carpet” for U.S. investors who have been shying away from India because of procedural hassles and bureaucratic delays. On Monday, Mr. Modi was briefed on the concerns of several multinationals at his high-powered breakfast with the top CEOs including those of Pepsico, GE, Boeing and IBM. “Come soon,” Mr. Modi exhorted the USIBC gathering. “Else the queue may be too long too soon.”
The only dollar-figure announcement made, in contrast to recent meetings with the leaders of Japan and China, came from the field of renewable energy, with the U.S. Exim Bank authorised to disburse $1 billion towards the purchase of clean energy technology, particularly for solar energy, which was welcomed by solar power major First Solar as a “win-win” initiative. Hope, with more realistic lowered expectations, seemed to mark the reaction to Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Washington visit.
“Modi moves closer to U.S., but differences persist,” ran the headline of an article in The Wall Street Journal that front-paged a photograph of the Prime Minister the morning after his departure. Other papers reflected a similar attention, without the pictorial detail, marking that it came short of the expected outcomes.
The New York Times, for example, referred to it as “get-to-know-you visit … emerging with expressions of goodwill but little in the way of concrete deals.” All papers also remarked on the absence of any agreement from India to join the anti-ISIS coalition, but spoke of intelligence sharing and a “front to curb China’s aggression” in the South China Sea through maritime cooperation. Speaking after the USIBC event, former diplomat and analyst Ashley Tellis said, “What is important is whether the policies India and the U.S. now match the process they have outlined. The record so far does not inspire confidence.”
The most thoughtful moment of Mr. Modi’s visit packed with engagements came at the very end perhaps, as he and Mr. Obama visited the Martin Luther King Memorial in Washington. Mr. Modi invoked Mahatma Gandhi repeatedly during this visit. According to one agency, the moment, especially when Mr. Modi rode with Mr. Obama in his car to the event, marked the “official clearing of the air” between the two countries after a year of bad relations.

Clean India from today  pledge for nationNEW DELHI, October 2, 2014
Updated: October 2, 2014 15:44 IST
‘Clean India’ from today, pledge for nation
Anita Joshua
The Hindu Union Minister for Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution, Ram Vilas Paswan takes part in 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’ (Clean India Mission) in New Delhi. Photo: S. Subramanium
TOPICS
social issue
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch a five-year “Clean India” campaign, or Swachh Bharat Mission, on Thursday morning, most likely by wielding the broom himself. The campaign will culminate on the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi in 2019.
The national campaign will be formally launched at the Boat Club here with the Prime Minister administering a “cleanliness oath” to the nation.
In the hours after the launch with a series of events, including a visit by Mr. Modi to Valmiki Basti and a walkathon, Union government employees will gather in their offices to take the oath, which will be administered by the respective Ministers or administrative heads. They are expected to clean up their work spaces and put in 100 hours a year to keep their home and office surroundings clean.
In his message to the nation on the eve of Gandhi Jayanthi, President Pranab Mukherjee urged everyone to make the mission a success.

Indian rupee plummets to 7-mth low  down 38 paise to end at 61.53 vs USDIndian rupee plummets to 7-mth low, down 38 paise to end at 61.53 vs USD
PTI | Mumbai | Published:  Sep 29 2014, 18:30  IST
Sep 29 2014, 18:30  IST
 

Shiv Sena s Uddhav Thackeray invokes Rajnath Singh to take dig at Amit ShahE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Oppo Mobiles  Snapdeal  FlipKart  Amazon killing off Pepsi  Coca-Cola ad-spend warsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Envoys seek  fair probe  on attack on African nationals in DelhiComments
The ambassadors of Gabon and Burkina Faso have written to the ministry of external affairs seeking a "fair probe" into the attack on three African nationals at New Delhi's Rajiv Chowk Metro station last Sunday, the Indian Express reported on Thursday.
 
The three students — Gabon's Mapaga and Yohan and Burkina Faso's Guira — were beaten up by a mob at the Rajiv Chowk Metro station in the presence of policemen.
According to the Express, Gabon's ambassador to India Desire Koumba and Burkina Faso's Idriss Raoua Ouedraogo wrote to the MEA "expressing deep concern” and urging the government to "work in close cooperation with police for a fair investigation".
The three men were rescued by CISF personnel, posted at the station, who dispersed the crowd. The students were then taken to hospital by the police.
Though the attack on three men was caught on camera and has been posted on YouTube, no one has been arrested so far.
The police says it has identified at least three men among the attackers. A case has been registered against unknown people for rioting.
(With inputs from agencies)

Sahara chief Subrata Roy moved back to jail cell; office privileges withdrawnSahara chief Subrata Roy moved back to jail cell; office privileges withdrawn
By Reuters | 2 Oct, 2014, 12.35PM IST
Roy needs to raise Rs 10,000 crore from the hotel sales to have a chance of release on bail.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Subrata Roy , the jailed chief of Sahara conglomerate, is back in a cell after living in a makeshift prison office for two months as he tried to negotiate the sale of his luxury hotels, a jail official said on Thursday.
The tycoon had been allowed to use an office, phone, internet connection and three secretaries in the Delhi prison to facilitate the sale of the three hotels including Grosvenor House in London and the Plaza in New York.
Roy needs to raise Rs 10,000 crore from the hotel sales to have a chance of release on bail.
He was jailed for contempt of court in March amid a long-running dispute with the capital markets watchdog over Sahara's failure to repay billions of dollars to investors who were sold outlawed bonds.
Roy was moved back to a cell after a court-imposed deadline for the use of the office expired, although the businessman had requested more time, Tihar Jail spokesman Mukesh Prasad said.
"He was asking officials. We told him we don't have the power to extend those facilities," the spokesman said.
Sahara says it is in talks with multiple potential buyers but a company spokesman did not answer calls seeking comment on Thursday.
Last month, a senior company executive said that the firm would rather mortgage its trophy overseas hotel properties than sell them.

French carmakers call for faster reformsPeugeot Citroën and Renault call for speedier reform in France
By Andy Sharman and Hugh Carnegy in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1379dcb0-49a2-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The curious case of the Khorasan groupThe curious case of the Khorasan group
By Roula Khalaf
The latest jihadi outfit on the scene appears to fall into the known unknown category
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/075b888a-48b6-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Will ATMs run out of cash this long holiday weekend in India DependsOctober 2, 2014
In different parts of India this holiday weekend is somewhere between five and seven days long.
While banks in Kolkata are shut between 1st and 7 October, besides working for half a day on the 4th, in other parts of the country, this weekend spans from 2nd to 6 October. This includes a national holiday for Gandhi Jayanti on the 2nd and festive holidays for Dusshera and Bakra Eid on 3rd and 6th.
The unusually long holiday weekend will have some impact on banking operations—cheques will take longer than usual to clear, for instance. In some parts of the country, especially in the east, customers will now have to wait till Wednesday to avail services at a bank branch.
But availability of cash at ATMs (automated teller machines) will be largely unaffected as banks make special arrangements during such occasions. ATMs of major banks are typically refilled every day. On occasions such as these, banks usually park additional cash reserves with an external agency, which will in turn periodically refill ATMs. The machines of smaller and state-run banks that use a mix of in-house and external personnel for refills might run out of cash.
“ATM refilling is outsourced by most banks. In case of public holidays, the cash logistics company holds some amount of cash. We know the withdrawal trends so banks can prepare for such situations,” K Unnikrishnan, deputy chief executive at the Indian Banks Association, said.
Typically ATMs of major banks are refilled every day of the week, except Sundays. “SBI, Axis Bank, HDFC, ICICI and a few other major banks have a daily fill model, which means that their ATMs are visited for refilling 25 days a month,” Anush Raghavan, vice president and head of risk management at CMS Infosystems, said. Other bank ATMs are typically visited 15 days a month.
An ATM can hold Rs8-15 lakh per machine. Banks fill currency in four slots that hold 2,000 notes each. This typically translates to 4,000 notes of Rs100, 2,000 notes of Rs500 and 2,000 notes of Rs1,000, Raghavan said.
Most private sector banks outsource the entire operation. But some public sector banks use a mix of self-managed and outsourced ATMs, Raghavan said, adding that such machines run the risk of running dry.
Companies that are in the business of refilling ATMs have vaults in different parts of the country to hold cash on behalf of a bank and charge a premium for emergency services to the banks for refilling on public holidays and Sundays.
Raghavan says that such situations are common and arise about 6-8 times every year.
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

Swachh campaign: Congress downplays Modi nominating TharoorSwachh campaign: Congress downplays Modi nominating Tharoor
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 2:  
Congress today downplayed Prime Minister Narendra Modi's move to nominate party spokesperson Shashi Tharoor among nine eminent persons invited to come to public places to spread awareness about the Swachh Bharat campaign.
Former Minister and Congress leader Rajiv Shukla said that any conclusion like "Tharoor inching towards the BJP" should not be drawn on the pretext of somebody being invited for a function by the government.
Holding that the initiative of Swachch Bharat is "clearly a good thing", Shukla, however, said "it should not remain a mere photo opportunity" and added that "apprehensions are that it may become symbolic."
While maintaining that Congress has nothing to be surprised over the invite to Tharoor, he felt that other leaders should also have been invited.
"That should not be the basis of any speculation about any individual. So I do not buy that. But at the same time I think that everybody should have been invited. Why only one or two individual?
"This is basically a programme given by Mahatma Gandhi, which the Congress has always been doing. The government and the Prime Minister himself accepted that Congress Seva Dal has always been doing this. He has appreciated Congress leaders...."
On the invite to Tharoor, who had on last few occasions including during Modi's speech in the UNGA a few days back, appreciated the Prime Minister, Shukla said, "Why should we be surprised about it?
"There are lot many things, which every government has to do and the Opposition has to cooperate.... Government and Opposition together do a lot many things."
"I request the Prime Minister that he ensures that the drive continues. It's not that it should be there only for one, two or three days. Apprehensions are that it may become symbolic."
He also said that Mahatma Gandhi should be accepted in totality and not in piecemeal. "Not that we accept certain aspects of Gandhi and defy others...," he said.
Others, who were invited by Modi include ace cricketer Sachin Tendulkar, film stars Kamal Haasan, Salman Khan and Priyanka Chopra, industrialist Anil Ambani, Yoga Guru Ramdev and Goa Governor and author Mridula Sinha.
"I have invited 9 people and asked them to come to public places and work towards a Clean India. I ask them to invite 9 more people too," the Prime Minister said on Twitter.
In other tweets, he gave the details, "I have invited Mridula Sinha ji, I have invited Sachin Tendulkar, @yogrishiramdev, @ShashiTharoor, Kamal Haasan, @priyankachopra: I have invited @BeingSalmanKhan, team of Tarak Mehta Ka Oolta Chashma."
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

IOC hits out as Norway withdraws Olympics bidIOC hits out as Norway withdraws Winter Olympic bid
By David Crouch in Gothenburg and Roger Blitz in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d8938ffc-4a04-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Angry Birds maker Rovio to cut 130 jobs in F...Angry Birds maker Rovio plans to cut up to 130 jobs in Finland
By Reuters | 2 Oct, 2014, 02.20PM IST
0
Share More
According to Rovio, the Angry Birds game, in which players use a slingshot to attack pigs who steal birds' eggs, is the No. 1 paid mobile application of all time.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
HELSINKI: Finnish mobile games maker Rovio, owner of the globally successful Angry Birds brand, said on Thursday it was planning to cut up to 130 jobs in Finland, or 16 per cent of its total workforce.
"We have been building our team on assumptions of faster growth than have materialized. As a result, we announced today that we plan to simplify our organisation ... we also need to consider possible employee reductions," Chief Executive Mikael Hed said in a statement.
According to Rovio, the Angry Birds game, in which players use a slingshot to attack pigs who steal birds' eggs, is the No. 1 paid mobile application of all time.
Rovio has expanded the brand into an animated TV series and merchandising of toys and clothing, but at the same time it has struggled to retain players, resulting to its earnings halving last year.
In August, the company named Pekka Rantala, a former Nokia executive, as its next CEO.

US secret service chief Julia Pierson quits over security lapsesprint
The director of Secret Service Julia Pierson abruptly resigned Wednesday in the face of multiple revelations of security breaches, bumbling in her agency and rapidly eroding confidence that President Barack Obama and his family were being kept safe.
Once highly respected for its professionalism, the Secret Service, which protects the president, his family, the vice president and former presidents, has been trying to rehabilitate its image since a 2012 prostitution scandal erupted during a presidential visit to Colombia.
US secret service director Julia Pierson testifies at the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington. (Reuters)
That trust was shaken by a series of failures in the agency's critical job of protecting the president, including a breach on September 19, when a knife-carrying man climbed over the White House fence and made it deep into the executive mansion before being stopped.
President Barack Obama "concluded new leadership of that agency was required," said White House spokesman Josh Earnest.
A White House official told The Associated Press that the final straw was the revelation that Obama was never briefed about an incident in which he rode an elevator with an armed security contractor during a visit to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta just days before the White House breach.
Although Pierson offered her resignation without being asked, Obama had already told aides he thought she should go, the official said, adding that nobody put up any resistance when she offered to step down.
The official was not authorized to discuss the issue and requested anonymity.
High-ranking lawmakers from both the Republican and Democratic parties had urged Secret Service Director Julia Pierson to step down after her poorly received testimony to Congress a day earlier - and revelation of yet another security problem: Obama had shared an elevator in Atlanta last month with an armed guard who was not authorized to be around him.
That appeared to be the last straw that crumbled trust in her leadership in the White House. Earnest said Obama and his staff did not learn about that breach until just before it was made public in news reports Tuesday.
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said Joseph Clancy, retired head of the agency's Presidential Protective Division, would come out of retirement to lead the Secret Service temporarily.
Taking further steps to restore trust in the beleaguered agency, Johnson also outlined an independent inquiry into the agency's operations.
Republicans quickly served notice that Pierson's resignation and the inquiry ordered by Johnson would not end their investigation.
"Problems at the Secret Service pre-date Ms. Pierson's tenure as director, and her resignation certainly does not resolve them," said Rep. Darrell Issa, the Republican chairman of the House Oversight Committee.
In an interview with Bloomberg after her resignation was announced, Pierson said, "It's painful to leave as the agency is reeling from a significant security breach."
"Congress has lost confidence in my ability to run the agency," she said. "The media has made it clear that this is what they expected."
She said she met Johnson on Wednesday and "after that discussion I felt this was the noble thing to do." She added that her departure would "take pressure off the organization."
Rep. Jason Chaffetz, a Republican and a leader of the congressional inquiry, called her resignation "the right thing to do, it had to happen, but there are some systemic challenges that must be addressed."
Some revelations came from whistleblowers who contacted Chaffetz, and he suggested more damaging stories may emerge. "Unfortunately there are more out there and we'll see how that goes," he said.
After a congressional hearing Tuesday into the Sept. 19 breach and an earlier one, reports emerged of still another. The Atlanta elevator incident was the first known Secret Service failure to unfold in the presence of the president. The first family was not at the White House when the recent intruder entered.
The White House learned about the Atlanta episode only about when lawmakers and the public did - when the Washington Examiner and The Washington Post reported it, Earnest said.
Obama had not been told about it previously, Earnest said. This, despite Pierson's statement to the committee that she briefs the president "100 percent of the time" about threats to his personal security and those at the White House. She said the only time she had briefed him this year was after the Sept. 19 White House intrusion.
The man accused of running into the White House on Sept. 19, Omar J. Gonzalez, pleaded not guilty Wednesday in a brief appearance in federal court. He is accused of unlawfully entering a restricted building while carrying a deadly weapon, which is a federal charge, and two violations of District of Columbia law - carrying a dangerous weapon outside a home or business and unlawful possession of ammunition.
Wearing a standard prison-issue orange jump suit, Gonzalez sat attentively at the defense table but did not address the court as his lawyer entered the plea.

In Hong Kongs protests  technology is the battlefieldIn Hong Kong’s protests, technology is a battlefield
Written by
Andrew Lih Associate professor of journalism, American University
October 2, 2014
We all shine on.(Reuters/Carlos Barria)
SHARE
Andrew Lih Associate professor of journalism, American University
Obsession
The Future of Hong Kong
October 2, 2014
It was an image that fascinated the world—a sea of lights coming from thousands of Hong Kong protesters waving their lit up mobile phones in the darkness. That’s what you get from a city that averages more than two mobile phones per person.
Occupy Central, aka the Umbrella Revolution, may be the most high-tech protest ever, using wireless broadband, multimedia smartphones, drone film making, mobile video projectors, and live streaming video to communicate and to broadcast their cause to the entire world in real time. The victor in this conflict will be determined by who holds the streets, and who rules the digital space.
This dynamic has energized an unprecedented public relations offensive that tech savvy protestors have used to creative ends. In one effort, messages left by the public on a web page  are displayed over 8 meters tall on the wall of a government building, courtesy of a high-powered video projector erected in the heart of the protest area.
Cardboard signs meet social media
While the world marvels at the spectacle of the protest, we must guard against tech-euphoria. Facebook didn’t solve everything in the Arab Spring protests and hashtag activism is all too often a feel-good exercise with limited, or no, results. Lokman Tsui, a professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong and an ex-Google employee, notes the most powerful messaging medium at the protests is still a cardboard sign scribbled on by markers. But those handmade artifacts of protest have been globally amplified by social media platforms, inspiring others to hold mini-rallies in cities around the world in solidarity.
There are high stakes here. The Tiananmen crackdown of June 4, 1989 is never far from peoples’ minds, resulting in remarkable message discipline among the demonstrators, who are focused on leadership change and universal suffrage, while avoiding any talk of independence or secession. Most of the communications coordination happens through electronic and social media over wireless networks that have allowed the leaderless movement to spread while still staying on target. A key to the extensive media coverage is that press operations are unfettered in Hong Kong. There is no media blackout and no Great Firewall of China here, as Hong Kong is connected to the outside world through a commercially competitive and decentralized telecommunications infrastructure.
In the rest of China, however, it’s a different situation. By an edict from the Beijing authorities, popular social networks like Weibo and WeChat have been systematically filtering and banning coverage of the protests. Instagram was completely blocked in mainland China shortly after the demonstrations.
The legacy of Hong Kong’s tech push
The city’s ambitions in the dot-com 1990s to be a multimedia and creative hub has yielded unexpected collateral benefits. The push to be a top technology center in Asia and the establishment of game design and computer animation studios created many competent computer coders. That allowed for collectives of programmers to form, such as Code4HK, whose motto is “Drive social change by code.” The hacktivist group has created an online portal to help demonstrators keep track of protest locations, organize logistics, and provide video streams.
The Hong Kong government’s technology efforts also fostered world-class mobile data networks that cover subways, tunnels, and every nook of the city. Wireless dead zones are a rarity. As a result, Hong Kong boasts one of the highest rates of smartphone penetration—currently over 85%—which has resulted in widespread adoption of Instagram, Facebook, and WhatsApp as message sharing platforms.
With an overall mobile subscription rate of 237%, there is no other place on earth quite like Hong Kong. That’s not a typo—on average there are more than two mobile subscriptions per person. It’s not unusual for a taxi cab driver to have at least three phones—one for work, one for family, and several for betting on horse racing. Hong Kongers are used to being connected, several times over.
However, packing thousands of people shoulder to shoulder in a protest can overwhelm even the best mobile data networks. Cutting edge technologies such as peer-to-peer mesh networking allow phones to utilize Bluetooth and Wifi networking to message others in their immediate vicinity, without needing an Internet connection. FireChat is the most popular app of this type, and has seen a record 200,000 downloads in Hong Kong alone, putting powerful and scalable mass messaging on peoples’ handheld devices.
Cyber shenanigans emerge
The importance of mobile is perhaps why we have seen concerted efforts to compromise the distributed mobile citizenry through malicious software and “trojan horse” apps. In September, bogus messages purporting to be from trusted sources asked people to, “Check out this Android app designed by Code4HK for the coordination of OCCUPY CENTRAL!” Clicking the link resulted in eavesdropping malware being installed on the victim’s device. A version that infected iOS was also found to be in the wild, which could compromise “jailbroken”Apple devices. While there have not been reports of widespread infection, it does foreshadow significant cyber-skirmishes in the future, pitting the government against citizens in a battle of bits.
Many regional experts feel the protest stalemate is now unlikely to result in a violent end as in 1989. The Hong Kong police force of roughly 30,000 is no match for the hundreds of thousands flooding the streets, and the People’s Liberation Army garrison in Hong Kong is even smaller. The edict from Beijing has already come down to wait out the protesters and resolve issues without violence.
That’s good news. But that turns the confrontation into an information war rather than one conducted with guns and bullets. Digital devices will be the battleground. Misinformation and digital infiltration may become critical parts of the Beijing’s tactics to defuse the protesters or breed internal conflict among the organizers.
Who will prevail?
Hong Kong is one most technologically-adept cities in the world; the authorities in China are sophisticated purveyors of online information warfare. But in the current scenario Beijing is at a distinct disadvantage. Unlike in the mainland, the government does not control the routers and cables, or the institutional and infrastructural chokepoints of the network. And what we’re already seeing on Hong Kong’s streets is an amazing display of what unfettered, disciplined, and intelligent crowds can accomplish.
One thing is clear: whoever dominates the digital domain will control the eventual outcome—whether it takes a week, or a generation.
Share this:

India has among slowest broadand inAsiaThe State of the Internet report was released by Akamai
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: October 2, 2014 2:56 pm | Updated: October 4, 2014 9:23 am
While we harp on the Digital India dream, it is a fact that the average Broadband speed here is less than half of the global average and peak speeds.
According to a the State of the Internet report released by cloud computing services and content delivery network Akamai, the average Internet speed in India is just 2 Mbps, compared to the global average of 4.6 Mbps. While Globally the average peak speed is 25.4, in India it is just 14.4 Mbps.
The chart below will give a better idea of what this speed map means.
India does not do well in peak speeds too
While just 1.2% of Indian broadband subscribers enjoy speeds of over 10 Mbps, this number is a high 78% in South Korea which leads the pack. While in South Korea over 95% subscribers enjoy over 4Mbps, in India this figure is just 7.2%. This means over 92% of Indians have sub-4Mbps speeds.
India also has the lowest average mobile connectivity speeds in Asia at 1.4 MBps, compared to Japan’s 5.7 Mbps. Australia recorded the best peak speed of  114. Mbps, while Iran was at bottom with 5 Mpbs. India fared a bit better here with 9.1 Mbps.
The report said attack traffic from the Asia Pacific region saw an increase of over 65%, with 43% of this coming from China. India contributed 2.1%.
 

Why the upcoming polls mean a lot to investorsYou are here: Home > Collections > Bjp
Why the upcoming assembly polls mean a lot to investor community
Ashutosh Shyam, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 06.19AM IST
Tags:
Assembly polls
(Some of the top brokerage…)
Investors are keenly awaiting the outcome of the upcoming assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana , especially after the BJP suffered a setback in the recent bypolls. Some of the top brokerage houses are advising their clients to use the potential market correction in the case of a further loss for the BJP as a buying opportunity, arguing that long-term earnings and growth trajectory are likely to stay intact.
In a recent note to its clients, multinational brokerage CLSA said, "Recent break-up of local alliances and lack of strong CM candidates are negatives for the BJP. A potential loss for the BJP will be a sentiment negative for the market, but it will not impact (Prime Minister Narendra) Modi's policymaking and the growth improvement trajectory remains intact.
Any potential dip after elections will be a buying opportunity."
The brokerage added, "While a loss for the BJP in either of the two states will be a sentimental negative for the market, the same does not take away from Modi's pro-growth policies."
Maharashtra and Haryana, where the Congress has been in power, together account for nearly 11% of the total seats in the lower house of Parliament. Of Maharashtra's 48 Lok Sabha seats, the BJP along with Shiv Sena won 42 while the BJP won seven out of the 10 seats in Haryana.
Even as the BJP has a majority on its own in the Lok Sabha, investors have been treading cautiously because successive defeats in state polls could increase pressure on the central government led by the party and potentially slow the reform process.
The BJP has been getting a higher vote share in national elections than in Maharashtra assembly elections. Having called off 25-year old ties with the Shiv Sena, the BJP has added to its challenges in the state where it does not have a strong chief ministerial candidate.
In Maharashtra, the BJP has secured a vote share of 21.2%, 22.6% and 18.2%, respectively, in the past three national elections while its vote share has been 14.5%, 13.7% and 14% in the past three assembly elections.
"Assembly poll outcome will determine the mind share of attention that the central government has been able to acquire.
If the outcome remains in sync with the Street, markets will unabatedly perceive the tough measures to improve financial health of the government and the fiscal deficit targets will remain unchanged. But if the poll outcome is unfavourable, the markets will focus on the state election outcome, which means slow reforms process," said a fund manager with a domestic mutual fund, requesting anonymity.
Investors can, however, look forward to the next set of assembly polls in Jammu & Kashmir and Jharkhand scheduled to take place in December. The next big electoral battle is scheduled to take place in Bihar in October 2015, giving the central government plenty of room to take politically tough political decisions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Aamir Khan joins Narendra Modi s Swachh Bharat campaignAamir Khan joins Narendra Modi s Swachh Bharat campaign
Raj Thackeray blames Sharad Pawar for Sena-BJP splitRaj Thackeray blames Sharad Pawar for Sena-BJP split
Subrata Roy Back in Jail Cell as Hotel Sale Period ExpiresSubrata Roy Back in Jail Cell as Hotel Sale Period Expires
Modi aims to shake up sanitation with Clean India driveModi aims to shake up sanitation with Clean India drive
BJP  Shiv Sena pact in offing post-polls to strengthen Hindutva baseBJP  Shiv Sena pact in offing post-polls to strengthen Hindutva base
Oil drops below $93 to new 27-month low | ECB faces 1 trillion euro questionOil drops below $93 to new 27-month low | ECB faces 1 trillion euro question
Hong Kong government s strategy on protesters: Wait them outHong Kong government s strategy on protesters: Wait them out
Hong Kong Becomes War Zone Overnight; Violence Paralyses CityHong Kong Becomes War Zone Overnight; Violence Paralyses City
Financial Technologies signs new technology contract with MCXE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Exchanges need to change mindset: Ashish ChauhanE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Will RBIs decision to hold interest rates hurt growth prospectswill rbis decision to hold interest rates hurt growth prospects
Apple resellers ready for pre-Diwali iPhone 6 launch  but iPhone 6 Plus could be delayedPrint
Apple resellers are expecting to start the iPhone 6 16 GB sales by October 18 at a price of around Rs. 55,000.
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 9:27 pm | Updated: October 6, 2014 7:10 am
So the iPhone 6 is coming to India before Diwali afterall. It is reliably learnt that Apple resellers here are expecting to start sales of the Apple iPhone 6 16GB by October 18 at a price of around Rs 55,000.
Previously, the market had speculated that the iPhone 6 will not be available in India before Diwali and they might miss out on festive sales. However, retailers are now preparing to sell the phone just before Diwali.
An executive at Apple Premium Reseller Imagine Store in New Delhi said the iPhone 6 will be available in their stores by October 18 or 19, priced between Rs 55,000 and Rs 60,000 for the 16GB model.
Another executive at Apple Premium Reseller iPlanet, with operations in Coimbatore, Mysore and Bengaluru, also confirmed the dates. However, iPlanet did not reveal the price bracket the phone will come in.
Meanwhile, cross-border e-commerce player Grabmore.in has started taking pre-orders for the iPhone 6 from Indian customers before the launch and claims to have delivered many units in India till now after the smartphone was made available in the US.
“We had already delivered many units to our customers in India within four to five days of the launch. However, due to the huge demand in the US, the delivery of pending bookings along with new orders will be done by end of October or early November,” said Satish Das, Executive Director, Grabmore.
Grabmore.in had initially priced the iPhone 6 16 GB at Rs. 61,999. Later, they updated it to Rs. 54,999. It is shipping from the US itself with one-year global warranty.
“We are offering the unlocked iPhone 6 16 GB model which was launched in the US to our Indian customers at a price of Rs. 54,999 now. We are expecting it to be available locally by October 17 or 18. If this happens we will deliver the locally available iPhone 6 handsets, instead of the imported version. The iPhone 6 16 GB price in India is expected to be close to around Rs. 55,000. If the price at which we are selling happens to more than the local price then we will surely refund the excess amount,” said Das.
The market had also speculated that the iPhone 6 Plus will arrive along with the iPhone 6 and would be available at a starting price of around Rs. 65,000 to Rs. 70,000. However, it is quite possible that the iPhone 6 Plus may not be available in India now. “The iPhone 6 Plus will take some time to arrive as the supply is pretty slow. We are offering the imported version of the iPhone 6 Plus 16 GB for Rs 59,999. We are expecting the iPhone 6 Plus to be priced around Rs 60,000,” added Das.

Government Has No Business Being in Business: PM ModiYou are here: Home Economy
Government Has No Business Being in Business, PM Modi Tells US Investors
NDTV | Updated On: October 01, 2014 10:22 (IST)
Measures Undertaken by New Government to Revive Growth: India Inc
Prime Minister Narendra Modi ended his five-day US trip by reaffirming his pledge to cut down unwanted laws and usher in a friendlier business environment in an address to over 300 members of the US-India Business Council. Making a strong pitch for investments, PM Modi on Tuesday assured top US business leaders of tax stability and a friendlier business environment in the country.
Here is your 10-point cheat-sheet to this story:
1) PM Modi said it's not the government's business to run a business. "Our job is that of a facilitator to create new opportunities," he added.
2) The new government will cut down laws and move towards a simpler system, PM Modi promised. "In the government system, the fewer the laws the less suffocated you feel. That's why I feel we should come out of the web of laws," he said.
3) Extending a red carpet to investors, PM Modi said, "I am business-minded and so I know that no businessman is a donor, he's not here for charity. A businessman has to make profits on his investment; he must get a return for his investment. I am in favour of that."
4) PM Modi said investing in India will be a win-win proposition for both the government and corporates. "You will earn and my people will get employment, and my country's economy will grow," he said. ( Read )
5) PM Modi pledged to make India's tax system simpler. He also promised better infrastructure and labour reforms.
6) India is moving ahead with great speed, PM Modi said, citing the record investment cleared by his government in nearly four months since it came to power. He, however, acknowledged that given the very short time, it has not been possible to change a lot of things.
7) USIBC Chairman Ajay Banga, who is also the CEO of MasterCard, expressed confidence that India-US trade can grow five times from the current $100 billion. M&M Chairman Anand Mahindra tweeted, "Leading U.S investor next to me said he felt this was his most powerful engagement...surpassing even the intimate breakfast with CEO's." US Chamber of Commerce President Tom Donohue welcomed PM Modi's commitment to replace "the red tape with the red carpet" and the government's commitment to labour and tax reforms.
8) The US-India Business Council is the business advocacy organisation representing over 300 companies, with an aim to strengthen commercial ties between the two countries.
9) On Monday, Mr Modi had spent 90 minutes with 11 top CEOs including Eric Schmidt of Google and Indira Nooyi of PepsiCo. He then met one-on-one with half a dozen CEOs. In these meetings, PM Modi stressed that the country is "open-minded" and "wants change that is not one-sided. ( Read )
10) PM Modi has been wooing private business in the US to invest in his ambitious "Make in India" campaign launched last week. The "Make in India" programme aims to turn India into a global manufacturing hub over the next few years, assuring employment to the millions of Indians who join the workforce every year.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 10:22 (IST)

Indian non-bank finance cos fall on worries about bad loan normsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sensex closes lower; ITC  Reliance stocks fallSensex closes lower; ITC, Reliance stocks fall
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 16:31 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The BSE Sensex fell on Wednesday as blue-chips such as ITC declined as traders refrained from building positions in a holiday truncated week, while foreign investor sales also weighed on sentiment.
Markets will be shut until Monday and re-open for trading on Tuesday.
ITC provisionally fell 1.6 per cent while Reliance Industries ended 2 per cent lower.
The benchmark BSE Sensex provisionally closed 0.23 percent lower, while the broader Nifty lost 0.24 percent, also marking their lowest close since September 25.
(Reuters)

Not Biased Towards Raising or Cutting Rates: RBI ChiefMeasures Undertaken by New Government to Revive Growth: India Inc
Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is not biased towards either raising or cutting interest rates, and its monetary policy stance will depend only on inflation data, Governor Raghuram Rajan told analysts in a conference call on Wednesday.
"As data comes in we will have a better view of what is happening and adjust accordingly, so I shouldn't assume that we're either biased towards raising rates or cutting rates at this point," he said.
The RBI kept its key policy repo rate unchanged at 8.0 per cent on Tuesday and said it will refrain from cutting interest rates until it is confident that consumer inflation can be reduced to a target of 6 per cent by January 2016.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

NSE issues guidance on disclosure normsNSE issues guidance on disclosure norms
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 01, 2014 10:48 PM IST
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) has issued a guidance note for its listing agreement disclosure norms. NSE, in a circular issued on Tuesday evening, has issued guidelines for companies to make public price sensitive information on events to ensure investors can take timely decisions.
“It is observed that, in the absence of any standard or guidance on fair disclosures for the appreciation/ assessment of the event by investors/ shareholders, companies are furnishing varying details in their disclosures for similar events. Such variations are not helpful to investors to set their expectations on the information content in the disclosures under Clause 36...,” said the circular. Clause 36 under the listing agreement requires listed companies to make disclosures regarding events that are price-sensitive in nature and could have an impact on the operations of the company. The qualification of such events as being price sensitive is to be determined by an authority within the company like the CEO or the board of directors or any such key managerial officials of the company.
“It may be noted that the onus of ensuring that the information disclosed to the exchange is duly authorised to be disclosed, as such, lies with the listed entity only and the exchange shall assume that any disclosure received has been duly authorised,” said the circular.
Further, companies will now have to disclose to the exchanges the rationale and benefits that arise from changes in the company’s business such as technical, marketing or financial, among others. In case of strikes and lock-outs, companies are now required to make disclosures on a real-time basis as opposed to a quarter-end report mandated earlier. The report submitted should include the reason for such strike and the impact on production, at the time of occurrence and periodically till situation is restored to normal.
Also, if a company’s operations are hit by natural calamities, such companies will have to submit detailed reports on the extent of the damage caused within 15 days of the event. Disclosure regarding litigations or disputes or any regulatory action with possible impact on the company’s operations could be subject to the company’s discretion on the extent of the impact.“If, listed entity is of the opinion that making any such disclosure is not in the interest of the listed entity, disclosure may be limited to the extent of stating the occurrence of the event,” the circular said.

Rupee recovers from 7-month lowRupee recovers from 7-month low
Reuters | Mumbai Oct 01, 2014 12:55 PM IST
The rupee recovered after opening at 61.95 per dollar, its lowest since March 4. The Indian unit is now trading at 61.7150/72 vs the previous close of 61.7450/61.7550.
 
Traders pared positions ahead of holidays; markets will be closed from Thursday to Monday.
 
Most Asian currencies are in the red on concerns about Hong Kong protests.
 
The dollar continues to trade at four-year highs.
 

Haryana Assembly polls: Cong troubleshooter against upbeat BJPPrint
Written by Mukesh Bhardwaj | Kaithal | Posted: October 1, 2014 2:41 am | Updated: October 1, 2014 8:07 am
Ever since he was made the Congress’s national spokesman, Haryana Parliamentary Affairs Minister Randeep Singh Surjewala has spent much of his time defending Sonia Gandhi’s family against allegations about Robert Vadra’s land deals. Also troubleshooter for Chief Minister B S Hooda amid allegations about lopsided development, the suave and articulate “Bhai Sahib” as he is known finds his skills put to the test in Kaithal.
This is the town where Narendra Modi addressed a rally and attacked Hooda on his claims of development. The BJP is upbeat. And in an atmosphere of anti-incumbency, voters see in Surjewala a face they identify with Hooda. It is also a familiar face, for his father used to represent the constituency.
“The way our representative was troubleshooting for the government, the area should have progressed a lot more. But then the other candidates are no different, we are still thinking,” says Arun Sharma, a trader.
Surjewala reads out a list of things done by the Congress regime. “Enough, rather more than enough, was done for the constituency. Since the Lok Sabha polls, I have almost been camping here. People are happy,” he says.
Surjewala moved to Kaithal from Narwana, where he had defeated INLD chief Om Prakash Chautala in 2005 before the seat was declared reserved. In a seat with a high Jat population, other parties have sought to consolidate the non-Jat vote in view of Surjewala’s stature.
The INLD has fielded Kailash Bhagat, who lost to Surjewala last time by 22,000 votes. Bhagat is a Punjabi and is banking also on Brahmins and Banias. “The party has its own Jat vote-bank. Our candidate has a following among the non-Jat communities,” says Ram Singh of the INLD.
The Congress has won the seat three times, the INLD four times, and independents twice. The BJP has never won. Its candidate, Rao Surender Singh, was in the HJC until the day he was given the ticket. Taken into the BJP during the afternoon, given the ticket in the evening, he belongs to a backward caste.
The BJP is pinning its hopes on Modi’s image. Surjewala dismisses any wave in support of Modi. “What wave? The balloon burst in the recent bypolls. They took over on false promises and have been exposed. You cannot survive the electoral test by playing to the gallery. History will repeat itself for the Congress.”

Political class not in mood for sacrificeOctober 1, 2014 5:58 pm
France remains in a state of magical thinking
By Sylvie Goulard
The economic taboos remain – the best-off are being protected, writes Sylvie Goulard
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4d909502-496f-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pimcos Total Return Fund was too bigSize matters and Pimco’s Total Return Fund was too big
By John Authers
Disorderly outflows from the fund could create perverse market moves
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ebe53c44-492e-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinas property is slowing  not crashingSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Monsoon 2014  Mild Meteorological Drought : Weather Forecast AgencyMeasures Undertaken by New Government to Revive Growth: India Inc
New Delhi: With the country receiving "below normal" rainfall, a private weather forecasting agency has termed monsoon 2014 as a "mild meteorological drought" whereas the India Meteorological Department (IMD) has dismissed the same saying around 70 per cent of the country saw normal rains.
"Monsoon 2014 has ended in a mild meteorological drought. In particular, Himachal Pradesh, Punjab, Haryana, Chandigarh, Delhi, Uttarakhand, east and west Uttar Pradesh, east Madhya Pradesh, Telangana, Rayalaseema, Marathwada, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram and Tripura finished the season with deficit (lower than normal by 20 per cent or more) rainfall," Skymet said.
"Only Odisha, south interior Karnataka, and Jammu & Kashmir ended up with a positive departure of rainfall."
However, the weather department (IMD) has refused to call it a "drought" despite the country receiving 12 per cent less rainfall than the normal precipitation. The country received 77.8 cm rainfall as compared to the normal rainfall of 89 cm.
The official period for the Southwest Monsoon season in India is between June 1 and September 30.
Skymet said that only one sub-division, south interior Karnataka, received excess rainfall, of 21 per cent, while about 30 per cent of the country received deficient rainfall.
Skymet vice president G P Sharma said anything more than 10 per cent of deficiency is termed as a drought.
"There are three different types of droughts - hydrological, meteorological and agricultural. This can be termed as a moderate meteorological drought," he said.
"Declaring drought is not our mandate. We only collect the data and the job of declaring a drought lies with the Ministry of Agriculture and the state government," Earth Science Ministry Secretary Shailesh Nayak said.
"The country has received 88 per cent rainfall and it is only few pockets that have received less rainfall," he added.
"Around 70 per cent of the country has received normal rainfall and only 30 per cent received deficient monsoon. Many subdivisions have received less rainfall, but that does not mean the entire country is facing the same problem. So it would not be right to call it a drought year. We monitor rainfall declare rainfall deficiency," IMD Director General Laxman Singh Rathore said.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 23:13 (IST)

LNG boom fuels Australia hopesLNG boom fuels Australia export ambitions
By Jamie Smyth in Gladstone
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2c4cfbe4-4481-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

AirAsia sees benefit from rivals revampAirAsia chief says rival’s restructuring will benefit his carrier
By Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0ee4b524-4567-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Benchmarks / Daniel Stewart / SainsburyBenchmark boycott shows regulatory tail risk trumps common good
By Jonathan Guthrie and Kate Burgess
Fines are growing in tandem with presumptions of wrongdoing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0d97c154-4943-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maharashtra elections: PM Modi  Sonia Gandhi  celebrity MPs as star campaigners13
0
Mumbai: Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Congress President Sonia Gandhi are among the star campaigners who will criss cross the length and breadth of Maharashtra to woo over eight crore voters ahead of the October 15 state Assembly polls.
BJP has submitted a list of 54 star campaigners including Modi and chief ministers of BJP-ruled states. Adding to glamour quotient in party's campaigning, Bollywood stars and party MPs Hema Malini, Paresh Rawal, Vinod Khanna and Babul Supriyo will campaign for the party nominees.
According to the State Electoral Office, Congress star campaigners include its president Sonia Gandhi, former PM Manmohan Singh, vice president Rahul Gandhi, leader in the Lok Sabha Mallikarjun Kharge, Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah and MP Jyotiraditya Scindia. Former cricketer Mohammad Azharuddin and actress Nagma will also tour the state as 'star' Congress campaigners.
BJP has submitted a list of 54 star campaigners including Prime Minister Narendra Modi and chief ministers of BJP-ruled states.
#bjp #congress #shiv sena #mns
Shiv Sena has submitted a list of 36 campaigners including party chief Uddhav Thackeray and his son Aditya Thackeray. Well known actor and party deputy leader Amol Kolhe and television personality and party secretary Aadesh Bandekar are also among their star campaigners.
AB Bardhan is among the ten Left leaders who will tour the state. Rashtriya Samaj Party (RSP) has 11 campaigners including Mahadev Jankar, who is now an ally of BJP. Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav, his son and UP chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav and prominent party leaders from Uttar Pradesh will also campaign in support of their candidates in the state.
MNS has listed 16 campaigners, prominent being its chief Raj Thackeray, said the State Electoral Office. A lesser-known "Gareeb Aadmi Party", registered and recognised party, is contesting 45 seats and its convenor Shyam Bharatiya is the star campaigner.
1

Hong Konger flies 3 000 miles for protestHong Kong resident travels 3,000 miles to fight for democracy
By Sophia Yan   @sophia_yan October 2, 2014: 6:49 AM ET
 
Hong Kong protesters: young and rebellious
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
How far are Hong Kong residents willing to go in their stand for democracy?
For Jennifer Moberg, the answer is nearly 3,000 miles. After hearing from friends that pro-democracy protests in the city were escalating and that police were using tear gas on protesters, she immediately decided to return from Afghanistan, where she is working as a music teacher.
"The crazy part about that is that Sunday was also the inauguration of Afghanistan's new president," Moberg said.
"I just couldn't understand how I could be in one of the most dangerous countries on the planet, watching a peaceful transfer of power, while at the same time, Hong Kong -- one of the most peaceful, stable, organized places in the world -- was in protest," she said.
"At that point, I thought -- well, I have to come back."
Moberg lobbied for a few days off from work, and flew out the following day to join other Hong Kongers on the streets.
"I want to vote [in Hong Kong]," she said. "[We should] be able to pick our own leader."
Hong Kong resident Jennifer Moberg took time off work in Afghanistan to join the protests.
Related: Police use tear gas as 'Occupy' comes to Hong Kong
Hong Kong's pro-democracy movement exploded last weekend as huge crowds of students flooded the city's main business district , and blocked several key arteries in the city.
Heavy-handed police action against them Sunday brought even more people into the streets. Protesters want free and open elections, while Beijing has proposed a system that will allow it to basically screen candidates for the city's top office.
Moberg, 34, a violin teacher, moved to Hong Kong from the U.S. nearly nine years ago. She has since founded a music academy in the city, and received her permanent residency, which allows her to live and work here without a temporary visa. Last month, she started a year-long stint teaching at the only music school in Afghanistan .
Moberg landed in Hong Kong late Wednesday morning and was out on the streets within a few hours, wearing yellow pants and twirling a yellow umbrella in a show of solidarity. The umbrella has quickly become a protest symbol after students used them to protect against pepper spray and tear gas.
It wasn't long before Moberg added yellow ribbons to her ensemble, and began chatting with other supporters while handing out protest stickers.
Related: Gallery: Why I'm protesting in Hong Kong
"I'm flabbergasted ... here are the students handing out crackers; this guy is handing out fans ; he's handing out water; there's a first aid tent over there," she said. "A girl walked by carrying a sign saying, 'Need translation? I can help.' "
Moberg marveled at the fact that she could walk down empty stretches of Hong Kong's main thoroughfares, which are normally packed bumper-to-bumper with traffic.
She said that securing true universal suffrage is the most important protest goal, but also expressed concern about Hong Kong's wealth gap and rising property prices. In recent years, a wave of buyers from mainland China have pushed home prices to extreme levels.
"There is a huge gap between the rich and the poor -- only wealthy people can buy a home," Moberg said. "It's not that poor people can't, it's also that regular [middle class] people can't -- it's hard to keep this place as your home if you can't own a part of it."
The contrast to Afghanistan was stunning, she said. In Kabul, she can't get groceries without protection; in Hong Kong, it's the total opposite -- "anything goes."
Related: Hong Kong protesters are so freaking nice
"They have democracy, but not safety; here we have safety, but no democracy," she said.
Although she is American by birth, Moberg now considers Hong Kong her home, and is proud of the freedom the city allows.
"Here is a place where you can be anything you want to be; there is no stigma attached to what you believe," she said. "As soon as I arrived here, I knew that this was the place for me."
First Published: October 2, 2014: 2:39 AM ET
Most Popular

China backs HK leader over tear gas moveHK Government offices closed as protests continue
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/41394eae-49f9-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Swachh Bharat : Modi ropes in 9 people including TendulkarAamir Khan
("I have invited 9 people…)
NEW DELHI: In his bid to make 'Swachh Bharat' a people's movement, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today initiated a chain by inviting nine eminent personalities including cricket icon Sachin Tendulkar , Congress leader Shashi Tharoor , industrialist Anil Ambani along with several actors to spread awareness on cleanliness.
The Internet-savvy Prime Minister appeared inspired by the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge, which had gone viral in recent months, as he asked the celebrities to nominate nine more people to join the campaign and hoped that the chain would continue.
Among those nominated by the PM are film actors Salman Khan , Priyanka Chopra and Kamal Hassan, industrialist Anil Ambani, Goa Governor Mridula Sinha and Congress leader Shashi Tharoor , yoga guru Ramdev and the team of TV serial "Tarak Mehta Ka Ulta Chashma".
Modi also administered a pleadge to thousands of people, including schools children and government employees at Rajpath for remaining committed to cleanliness to make the country clean.
#MyIdeaofSwachhBharat is #CleanIndia on roads, sanitation for all and every citizen with swachh and spiritually pious heart
— Swami Ramdev (@yogrishiramdev) October 2, 2014
Watch: Modi invites celebrities to join his campaign
"I will remain committed towards cleanliness and devote time for this...I will neither litter nor let others litter," pledged all those present at a function to mark the launch of "Swachh Bharat" (Clean India) mission at India Gate by the Prime Minister.
Actor Aamir Khan also joined the PM in taking the pledge along with Union Ministers Nitin Gadkari and Venkaiah Naidu.
"I have invited nine people and asked them to come to public places and work towards a Clean India. I ask them to invite nine more people too...I am sure these nine people will do the work and each will invite nine more people to form a chain and clean the country," Modi said.
The original ice bucket challenge where such a chain was created online was designed to raise funds for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis-- also known as Lou Gehrig's Disease and motor neurone disease, which is a global viral phenomenon
Modi also announced starting a campaign on cleanliness through social media using his website MyGov.in and other such websites, including a new website dedicated to the clean India campaign.
The PM later joined the children in the Walkathon after flagging it off at Rajpath. The Walkathon is part of steps for creating awareness on cleanliness.
Administering the pledge to countrymen on the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi today, Modi highlighted the Father of the Nation's thrust on cleanliness and said the country must realise his unfulfilled dream of a clean India on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019.
"Mahatma Gandhi dreamt of an India which was not only free but also clean and developed. Mahatma Gandhi secured freedom for Mother India. Now it is our duty to serve Mother India by keeping the country neat and clean," said the first lines of the pledge.
The pledge further takes the promise from every individual to remain committed to cleanliness and devote time for this.
"I will devote 100 hours per year -- that is two hours per week -- to voluntary work for cleanliness. I will neither litter nor let others litter.
"I will initiate the quest for cleanliness with myself, my family, my locality, my village and my work place. I believe that the countries of the world that appear clean are so because their citizens don't indulge in littering nor do they allow it to happen. With this firm belief, I will propagate the message of Swachh Bharat Mission in villages and towns," reads the pledge.
It also exhorts all to encourage 100 other persons to take this pledge and endeavour to make them devote their 100 hours for cleanliness.
Earlier, the Prime Minister wielded the broom himself by sweeping clean a pavement in Valmiki Basti, a colony of sanitation workers here. Seeing dirt at the Mandir Marg police station on his way to the "Swachh Bharat" mission launch at India Gate, he stopped and cleaned it himself and directed the cops present there to complete the task.
Union Drinking and Sanitation Minister Nitin Gadkari said the gram panchayats are also participating in the campaign and said all were extending their support to the mission. "I assure the Prime Minister that we will accomplish the task of cleaning India by 2019," he said.
Union Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu termed the day as historic and said the mission will be turned into a people's movement. "I am confident that this campaign will sustain," he said and exhorted the corporate sector to take up the mission as part of their corporate social responsibility.
The Prime Minister also honoured Anant Khasbardar of Kolhapur in Maharashtra for winning the logo design contest of the "Swachh Bharat Mission" and Bhagyasri Sheth of Rajkot in Gujarat for giving the mission the tagline of "Ek Kadam Swachhta ki ore". Khasbardar was awarded a cash prize of Rs 50,000 while Bhagyasri got Rs 25,000, along with a commendation certificate each.
FEATURED ARTICLES

AIADMK MPs observe fast demanding justice for J JayalalithaaOct 02, 2014 at 01:25pm IST
AIADMK MPs observe fast demanding justice for J Jayalalithaa
3
0
New Delhi: 45 AIADMK MPs observed a fast in front of Mahatma Gandhi's statue in Parliament complex, demanding justice for party supremo and former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa.
Jayalalithaa was sentenced to four years in jail in an 18-year-old corruption case and fined a staggering Rs 100 crore by a special court in Bangalore on September 27.
The MPs began their fast at 10.00 am and would continue till 5.00 pm, AIADMK Parliamentary Party leader P Venugopal said.
45 AIADMK MPs observed a fast in front of Mahatma Gandhi's statue in Parliament complex, demanding justice for J Jayalalithaa.
#aiadmk #mps #j jayalalithaa #p venugopal
Wondering why there was "delay" in hearing her bail plea, he demanded that Jayalalithaa be granted "immediate relief as per law".
"The aim of the fast is to draw the nation's attention to the delay in granting bail to our leader. The judgement was given on Saturday, which was followed by Dussehra holidays," he added.
0

Australian envoy for women to visit India on International Day of Girl ChildOct 02, 2014 at 01:05pm IST
Australian envoy for women to visit India on International Day of Girl Child
8
0
Melbourne: Australia's ambassador for women and girls will be travelling to India on the International Day of the Girl Child on October 11 to announce support for projects for improving girls' access to education and support for women and children affected by trafficking.
Announcing her upcoming visit, Natasha Stott Despoja said "I will announce new funding for projects to improve girls' access to education and to support women and children affected by trafficking".
Despoja along with Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop and Minister Assisting the Prime Minister for Women, Michaelia Cash, reaffirmed Australia's commitment to support the call to end violence against women and girls ahead of International Day of the Girl Child.
Bishop said violence against women and girls was a fundamental barrier to their rights, empowerment and economic participation.
#international day of girl child #australian envoy
The leaders spoke to a delegation led by Plan International where the foreign minister also announced Australia's decision to provide an additional USD 12.4 million in support for women and their children subjected to violence in Afghanistan and Pakistan, bringing the total contribution to more than USD 30 million since 2013.
The delegation comprised of girls and young women from Australia and Pakistan and they were visiting the Federal Parliament to present their ideas and aspirations to the Australian government.
Bishop said violence against women and girls was a fundamental barrier to their rights, empowerment and economic participation.
"It undermines a country's social fabric and costs billions of dollars in health care and reduced economic productivity," she said.
3

Catalonia wont be triumphant without a rebellionCatalonia won’t be triumphant without a rebellion
Written by
Matthew Bennett Editor, The Spain Report
October 2, 2014
Occupy this is not. (AP Photo/Manu Fernandez)
SHARE
Matthew Bennett Editor, The Spain Report
October 2, 2014
This item has been corrected.
MURCIA, SPAIN—Catalan independence supporters dream of inhabiting a future sovereign nation in which they are no longer Spanish citizens living in one of 17 Spanish regions. But a vision is all it will ever be unless some sizable number of them are prepared to rebel for a sustained period of time in an attempt to cut ties with the Spanish state.
The world has watched Egyptians bring down Hosni Mubarak via the protests in Tahrir, and Ukrainians bring down Viktor Yanukovych after a long struggle in the Maidan. The lesson is surely that autocratic and dictatorial regimes can be brought down by people power if those people are willing to suffer, sacrifice and even die for their cause, and if they can keep going long enough for the regime to begin crumbling. This week the world watches once more as thousands spill onto the streets of Hong Kong in protest at the Chinese version of democracy.
Whilst the Spanish version of modern democracy is different in key aspects from the British or American models, based as it is on a more prescriptive Roman-law model and not the more historically adaptive English common-law setup, modern Spain is neither autocratic nor dictatorial. The situation in Catalonia is a very long way from the genuine suffering and oppression seen in Kyiv or Cairo, and prime minister Mariano Rajoy’s government in Madrid has barely responded, never mind begun to crumble.
And Catalonia is not Scotland, for many reasons, but mainly because Rajoy has not once since 2012 entertained the possibility of a vote, never mind an actual referendum campaign that comes close to voluntarily redrawing the map of Spain for the first time in 300 years. British prime minister David Cameron was widely derided in the Madrid press  (link in Spanish) in September as the most reckless or foolish politician in Europe.
Rajoy’s steadfast position has been that a regional vote on secession from Spain would be straight out unconstitutional and illegal, and after two long years of swirling rhetoric and increasing tension, during which Catalan referendum supporters inched ever closer to turning their dream of a vote into reality, the moment finally arrived this week when words had to start becoming actions and reactions.
In Barcelona on Sept. 27, Catalonia’s president, Artur Mas, signed the referendum bill into law. In Madrid on Sept. 29, Spain’s constitutional court held an urgent extraordinary session to suspend both the law and Mas’s decree whilst it deliberated on the substance of the Spanish government’s appeal. As the court was in session, Mas presented a 1,300-page white paper on “national transition” toward an independent state.
Given the suspension order, it’s not secession which is illegal in Catalonia right now, nor a declaration of independence—although they both are according to Spain’s constitution and criminal code—or even the referendum vote itself; no, for the moment, even preparatory activities for the ballot are all banned until further notice.
The Spanish public prosecutor has warned criminal charges of contempt and sedition await those who might dare to disobey the writ of the constitutional court, and the crime of rebellion—specifically including any declarations of independence—is very clearly defined in the 1995 Spanish criminal code, which is why Catalonia just blinked.
The regional government announced yesterday it was “temporarily” suspending its referendum ad campaign , “in order to protect civil servants” from criminal prosecution should they continue to prepare for the Nov. 9 vote. On Oct. 1, it posted a note online saying “this [referendum] web is not being updated,” in an attempt to deal with the ban.
Two years of independence fervor and rhetoric, complete with highly publicized million-man marches , might have led us to believe there would be mass outrage at such a ban, imposed on Catalonia by the Spanish oppressor state, but no such popular anger has spilled onto the streets since Sept. 29.
Only a couple of thousand people filled Barcelona’s Sant Jaume square last night to protest, singing the Catalan hymn, “Els Segadors,” under their umbrellas in the rain for 45 minutes before beginning to disperse. Perhaps a few tens of thousands of people in total came out across Catalonia in other demonstrations.
After dark, a much smaller, slightly more radical group of about 100 protestors, led by a minority Catalan party, tried to start an Occupy-style protest in front of the central government building in Barcelona, setting up 20 tents in the street in front of the central government’s main building. It was Catalan, not Spanish, riot police, though—the Mossos—who waited less than an hour before charging in  (link in Spanish) to break up the protest and remove all the tents.
A second evening of protest called by the same group on the night of Oct. 1 also fell flat. Only about 300 marchers turned up and a larger force of Mossos, Spanish National Police, and Civil Guards cordoned off the whole area, peacefully preventing the protest before it even began. The 300 did not receive the backing of the Catalan National Assembly or Catalan Republican Left, normally at the front of every independence march.
Tahrir or the Maidan this is not. There is no new Occupy movement in Catalonia this week, despite rhetorical allusions to civil disobedience by some independence leaders. The passage of time is now forcing the Catalan independence dream to confront reality and that conflict means supporters must go up against the full weight of Spanish law and the Spanish state’s agents of law and order. If the separatists are not willing to risk arrest and jail time for an online ad campaign or a slightly more aggressive tent protest, there is little hope of a vote taking place in November, and even less risk of Catalonia ever seceding.
Mr. Rajoy might think of uncorking some cava.
You can follow Matthew on Twitter at  @matthewbennett . We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com . 
Correction: An editing error resulted in the incorrect spelling of Catalonia’s president’s last name as Más instead of Mas.
Share this:

Interpol opens Singapore centre to fight cyber crimeInterpol opens Singapore centre to fight cyber crime
Reuters
Tweet
SINGAPORE, Oct 2:  
Interpol, the world's largest police organisation, is opening a centre in Singapore focused on fighting cyber crime, which many countries, it says, are poorly equipped to contain.
Cyber crime is increasingly conducted by a highly specialised chain of software break-in experts, underground market-makers and fraudsters who convert stolen passwords and identities into financial gains. Criminals can keep data for months or even years before using it to defraud victims.
China and the United States regularly trade accusations over cyber espionage.
"Cyber crime is a truly transnational crime in nature," said Noboru Nakatani, executive director of Interpol's Global Complex for Innovation. "It is a huge challenge to law enforcement... Even the wealthy countries have limited resources to deal with cyber crime."
This week Japan Airlines Co Ltd became a victim, reporting up to 750,000 pieces of data about customers on its frequent flier service had been stolen as a result on malware attached to its computers.
Computer security experts say developed, technology-rich Asian countries like Japan, South Korea and Taiwan are particularly vulnerable to attacks.
A report by market research firm IDC and the National University of Singapore estimated that businesses in Asia-Pacific will spend $230 billion in 2014 to deal with malware attached to their software, the most of any region in the world.
"The awareness level (of cyber crime) is increasing across Asia, but it lags behind the United States," said Bryce Boland, the Asia Pacific vice president and chief technology officer at cyber security company FireEye.
"That's partly because organisations in Asia haven't to the same extent felt the impact of the crimes taking place or are simply unaware of them."
Interpol will employ around 200 people at the Singapore centre and host a digital forensic laboratory to co-ordinate investigations.
Nakatani said one of the biggest problems in Asia was companies outsourcing data to cloud computing companies in other countries.
"When you decentralise the information, especially critical information like customer information, overseas, you start to lose control of the legal protections over your data," he said.
Singapore relies heavily on its reputation of being low-crime and politically stable to lure multinational companies to its shores but has struggled recently with cyber attacks.
Last November, hackers claiming links to international hacking group Anonymous defaced Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong's official website.
Standard Chartered reported last December that statements of 647 of its private bank clients in Singapore had been stolen, taken from the server of Fuji Xerox which provides printing services to the bank.
Boeing Co said last week it was opening a cyber-security centre in Singapore, its first such facility outside the United States, to tackle the "current and evolving cyber security challenges" in the region.
Nakatani said that Singapore was likely to remain a prime target for cyber attacks.
"Naturally, as long as a country is wealthy and in good shape, the criminals continue to look at you, at Singapore, because they see the opportunity to make money," he said.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Oil drops under $93 to new 27-month low as supply glut growsOil drops under $93 to new 27-month low as supply glut grows
Reuters
Tweet
LONDON, Oct 2:  
Oil prices hit their lowest level since June 2012 on Thursday, dropping below $93 a barrel, as official oil price cuts from top producer Saudi Arabia added to supply glut worries and weak global economic data.
Oil declined together with European stocks ahead of a European Central Bank meeting on Thursday, as investors are waiting to see if Bank chief Mario Draghi's asset purchase plan can inject confidence into the euro zone economy.
Sharp cuts in official selling prices from state producer Saudi Aramco to Asian customers on Wednesday came as the clearest sign yet that the world's largest exporter is trying to compete for crude market share, amplified supply concerns.
"This is a structural change in the oil market, with Saudi Arabia explicitly stating that they are willing to compete on price," said Bjarne Schieldrop, chief commodities analyst at SEB in Oslo.
"I think Brent will fall below $88 before we see the bottom of the market."
Brent oil for November delivery lost $1.30 at $92.86 a barrel by 0817 GMT. It went as low as $92.57 a barrel in early trade, a fresh low from June 2012.
U.S. November crude lost $1.10 to reach $89.63 per barrel, a 17-month low.
Oil production in Russia increased by almost 0.9 percent month-on-month in September to 10.61 million barrels per day (bpd), Energy Ministry data showed, adding to a glut from growing U.S. and OPEC production that has held Brent crude prices below $100 a barrel for more than three weeks.
Data on Wednesday showed disappointing European factory data, and China's manufacturing sector in September remained subdued. U.S. economic strength, a rare bright spot for global markets, showed signs of caution following worries of an Ebola outbreak.
With oil prices continuing to slide, the pressure is building on the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to reduce output at its meeting next month.
While analysts expect OPEC to adjust the group's output target of 30 million barrels per day (bpd) for 2015, the actual cut may not be big enough to spur a bounce in oil prices.
SEB's Schieldrop said OPEC would need to cut around 1-1.5 million barrels a day in production in order to balance the markets in 2015.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

BHEL bags Rs 359 cr contract from NMDCHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
BHEL bags Rs 359 cr contract from NMDC
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 2:  
Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd (BHEL) has bagged a contract worth Rs 359 crore for setting up a plant power distribution system package for an NMDC steel plant in Chattisgarh.
The work pertains to state-owned NMDC's three million tonnes per annum integrated steel plant at Nagarnar in Chattisgarh. Already, Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd is executing a raw material handling package at the project.
In a statement today, BHEL said the contract for setting up the plant power distribution system package is valued at Rs 359 crore.
"The present order envisages design, engineering, supply, erection and commissioning of the complete power distribution system on turn key basis.
"The system will supply power through 33kV GIS (Gas Insulated Switchgear) based substations to the shops of the integrated steel plant," it added.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

MF assets rise to record-high of Rs 10.6 lakh crore in Q2MF assets rise to record-high of Rs 10.6 lakh crore in Q2
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 2:  
Improved market sentiments helped mutual funds' assets under management (AUM) soar 7.2 per cent to a record-high of Rs 10.6 lakh crore in the second quarter of the current fiscal.
The country's 45 fund houses together had an average AUM of Rs 10.58 lakh crore during July-September quarter of 2014-15, up from Rs 9.87 lakh crore in the preceding three months, thus, registering a gain of over Rs 71,000 crore, or 7.2 per cent, says the latest data available with Association of Mutual Funds in India (AMFI).
The AUMs had crossed Rs 10 lakh crore-mark for the first time in May, when the markets went up after the General elections result.
Industry experts said the quarterly rise in AUM is largely on account of gains in equity markets. Besides, retail participation in equity schemes has increased significantly during the recent months.
HDFC Mutual Fund (MF) has retained its top position with an average AUM of Rs 1.41 lakh crore, a surge in asset base by about nine per cent, while ICICI Prudential MF saw its asset base grow by eight per cent to Rs 1.27 lakh crore during the period.
In the top league, HDFC MF and ICICI Pru are followed by Reliance MF (Rs 1.22 lakh crore) Birla Sunlife (Rs 1.02 lakh crore) and UTI MF (Rs 83,250 crore) in terms of average AUM in the first quarter of 2014-15.
Mutual fund is an investment vehicle that is made up of a pool of funds collected from many investors for the purpose of investing in securities such as stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Be prepared to pay more for taktalticketsTatkaal tickets are already an additional premium paid on normal fares.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 3:15 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 9:46 pm
In a bid to shore up its revenues, the Indian Railways has decided to sell 50 per cent of tatkal tickets through the system of dynamic pricing. This means that while the first half of the total number of tatkal tickets will be sold at existing tatkal rates, which are up to 30 per cent higher than normal fare, the second half will be sold at progressively higher prices.
The new scheme will be implemented on the most popular trains, tatkal tickets for which face huge demand across the country. Each of the 16 zonal railways has been asked to identify five most popular trains and implement the scheme.
According to the system, after 50 per cent of the tatkal tickets are sold, rates would go up after every 10 per cent. The system, which was rolled out on October 1, will be fully implemented within a week.
Facing questions about the need for such a move, especially when diesel prices are stable in the country, the Railways claimed that it was necessary to ward off the menace of touts.
Officials in the Railways Ministry believe that touts hoard tatkal tickets illegally and charge hefty premium on them from needy passengers. This signifies that passengers are willing to pay a higher price for confirmed tickets, so the ministry decided to charge that premium itself.
“As per our internal assessment, touts were hoarding tatkal tickets and were selling them at much higher prices to needy passengers. This move is to provide relief to genuine passengers so they don’t fall prey to unlawful elements,” said a Railways spokesperson.
Currently, tatkal charges are 10 per cent of basic fare for second class and 30 per cent of basic fare for all other classes.
It is learnt that dynamic pricing of tatkal tickets will ward off touts.

MF assets rise to record-high of Rs 10.6L cr...Amfi
(The AUMs had crossed Rs 10…)
NEW DELHI: Improved market sentiments helped mutual funds' assets under management (AUM) soar 7.2 per cent to a record-high of Rs 10.6 lakh crore in the second quarter of the current fiscal.
The country's 45 fund houses together had an average AUM of Rs 10.58 lakh crore during July-September quarter of 2014-15, up from Rs 9.87 lakh crore in the preceding three months, thus, registering a gain of over Rs 71,000 crore, or 7.2 per cent, says the latest data available with Association of Mutual Funds in India ( AMFI ).
The AUMs had crossed Rs 10 lakh crore-mark for the first time in May, when the markets went up after the General Elections result.
Industry experts said the quarterly rise in AUM is largely on account of gains in equity markets. Besides, retail participation in equity schemes has increased significantly during the recent months.
HDFC Mutual Fund (MF) has retained its top position with an average AUM of Rs 1.41 lakh crore, a surge in asset base by about nine per cent, while ICICI Prudential MF saw its asset base grow by eight per cent to Rs 1.27 lakh crore during the period.
In the top league, HDFC MF and ICICI Pru are followed by Reliance MF (Rs 1.22 lakh crore) Birla Sunlife (Rs 1.02 lakh crore) and UTI MF (Rs 83,250 crore) in terms of average AUM in the first quarter of 2014-15.
Mutual fund is an investment vehicle that is made up of a pool of funds collected from many investors for the purpose of investing in securities such as stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Narendra Modi woos his US fans on FacebookPM Narendra Modi woos his US fans on Facebook
New York Times Oct 2, 2014, 02.49PM IST
(Modi's US Facebook base…)
By Derek Willis
The social media prowess of Narendra Modi, India's prime minister, isn't restricted to his home country. He has more Facebook fans in the United States than most current members of Congress, governors and other political candidates.
Modi's US Facebook base of 170,529 as of Wednesday is larger than that of all but 21 US elected officials and current candidates, according to Social Bakers, a site that tracks social media accounts. He even has more US Facebook fans than Chris Christie, the Republican governor of New Jersey and potential presidential candidate, or Harry Reid, the Senate majority leader from Nevada.
Some of this is because Modi waged an election campaign this year. He used social media in that campaign and employed it as an important part of his communication strategy once in office. His popularity among people of Indian descent in the United States was vividly displayed by the reception he got at a sold-out Madison Square Garden event Sunday.
Members of Congress at the event received boosts on Twitter after posting pictures of themselves with him. Six of the eight biggest gains in Twitter followers among lawmakers that day were for people at the event, including Tulsi Gabbard, D-Hawaii, the House's first Hindu, who got at least 767 new followers the day after posting a picture of herself with Modi.
Most of Modi's followers come from India, which has the second-largest number of Facebook users. He also has at least 10,000 Facebook fans from 21 countries, including Egypt, the Philippines and Pakistan, where his 94,553 Facebook fans outnumber the Americans who follow Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C. About 3.3 million people in the United States claim Indian ancestry, the Census Bureau says.
There are US politicians who have a bigger social media base. Barack Obama, who has more Facebook fans outside the United States (37.8 million) than inside it (15.1 million), tops the list. It also includes Rick Perry, the Republican governor of Texas, and the two candidates seeking to replace him: the Democrat Wendy Davis and the Republican Greg Abbott. Jan Brewer, the Republican governor of Arizona, who is not eligible to run for re-election this year, also outpaces Modi.
FEATURED ARTICLES

UBL barred from appointing independent dir a...Diageo bars United Breweries from appointing independent director at United Spirits
By Reuters | 2 Oct, 2014, 02.50PM IST
Diageo nearly doubled its stake in USL following a $1.9 billion bid earlier this year, giving it the right to appoint the majority of directors to USL's board.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Diageo PLC said United Breweries Holdings Ltd can no longer appoint an independent director to the board of United Spirits Ltd (USL) after reducing its ownership of the distillery.
Diageo nearly doubled its stake in USL following a $1.9 billion bid earlier this year, giving it the right to appoint the majority of directors to USL's board.
The London-listed beverage maker in a statement on Wednesday said Vijay Mallya, who controls United Breweries, will continue to serve as non-executive director and chairman of USL for as long as United Breweries owns at least 1.3 million USL shares.
A spokesperson for United Breweries declined to comment.
Mallya previously controlled USL through United Breweries, but he had to lower his stake because of heavy debt brought about by the collapse of his Kingfisher Airlines Ltd.
Diageo also said Mallya's position on USL's board will be contingent upon the "absence of certain defaults" by either Mallya or United Breweries. Diageo did not specify how it classified defaults.
Mallya was declared a "wilful defaulter" last month by state-run lender United Bank of India. In India, that means he could be forced to stand down from any corporate posts and may limit the fundraising prospects of his businesses.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Diageo Bars United Breweries from Appointing Independent DirectorYou are here: Home Corporates
Diageo Bars United Breweries from Appointing Independent Director at United Spirits
Reuters | Updated On: October 02, 2014 15:54 (IST)
Royal Enfield on Expansion Mode, to Set Up Third Plant
Mumbai:
Britain's Diageo PLC said India's United Breweries Holdings Ltd can no longer appoint an independent director to the board of United Spirits Ltd (USL) after reducing its ownership of the South Asian distillery.
Diageo nearly doubled its stake in USL following a $1.9 billion bid earlier this year, giving it the right to appoint the majority of directors to USL's board.
The London-listed beverage maker in a statement on Wednesday said Vijay Mallya, who controls United Breweries, will continue to serve as non-executive director and chairman of USL for as long as United Breweries owns at least 1.3 million USL shares.
A spokesperson for United Breweries declined to comment.
Mallya previously controlled USL through United Breweries, but he had to lower his stake because of heavy debt brought about by the collapse of his Kingfisher Airlines Ltd.
Diageo also said Mallya's position on USL's board will be contingent upon the "absence of certain defaults" by either Mallya or United Breweries. Diageo did not specify how it classified defaults.
Mallya was declared a "wilful defaulter" last month by state-run lender United Bank of India. In India, that means he could be forced to stand down from any corporate posts and may limit the fundraising prospects of his businesses.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

India s zoos: Need for reform8
0
New Delhi: The recent incident of a youth being killed by a white tiger at the Delhi zoo highlighted the need to restructure and revamp Indian zoological parks, while raising questions over the security of animals and visitors.
While some experts say it's time private organisations were given a role in their management, others question the very concept of zoological parks.
They have even said that India's zoos are among the worst in the world and the government should stop managing them and instead outsource them to private companies and experts.
While some experts say it's time private organisations were given a role in their management, others question the very concept of zoological parks.
#india #zoo #nzp #delhi zoo
"Zoological parks need to be shut down. Animals are not supposed to be kept in zoos, which is why they are called wild animals. Zoos should only operate for conservation and rehabilitation purposes, and not for people to throw stones and tease them," Animal Welfare Board of India vice chairman S Chinny Krishna told IANS.
"You can never make zoos a safe place in India. Keeping animals in zoos is like keeping them in a golden cage and giving them food," he added.
Prachi Mehta, wildlife scientist and executive director (Research) at the Wildlife Research and Conservation Society, said it is high time that India followed international standards to design its 192 zoos that are regulated by the Central Zoo Authority, an autonomous statutory body under the Wildlife (Protection) Act, under the environment ministry.
"There are some excellent zoos outside India such as the Beijing zoo, San Diego zoo and Micke Grove (California) zoo that serve as excellent educational and research platforms and create awareness about animals. Our zoos can be designed in such ways," Mehta told IANS.
She said the focus on the revamping of zoos in India has come into sharp focus after the September 23 incident in which a seven-year-old white tiger mauled and killed a 20-year-old man, who had fallen in its enclosure.
Soon after the incident, which went viral on the social media, zoo authorities pointed out that the guard posted at the tiger's enclosure tried to "stop" the victim and said he crossed three levels of barricading and "jumped" into the moat when the guard was not looking.
Following the incident, the Central Zoo Authority issued new directives to zoological parks and has even asked for a compliance report within a month.
"In a circular dated Sep 24, the authority issued a few directives which included guidelines like all zoos should have a quick response team to handle such emergency situations; have a public address system at the entry gate; have warning signs and also folded ropes and ladders at carnivore enclosures," B.K. Gupta, evaluation and monitoring officer, CZA, told IANS.
Gupta added that another guideline included printing of "do's and dont's" on entry tickets.
But when asked whether the Indian zoos need revamping, zoo officials said all zoological parks are well maintained and steps are taken to make them safe and secure for the visitors and also enough attention is given to the condition of the animals.
Prerna Bindra, a former member of the National Board for Wildlife, said while the stated objective of zoos is conservation breeding, education and awareness, "rare are the zoos which fulfil these objectives.
"Most zoos exist to provide Sunday entertainment to the public and animals are kept in abysmal conditions. How can watching miserable captive animals pacing to and fro in cages inspire or teach people about wild animals in their natural habitat," Bindra questioned, while speaking to IANS.
Agreed Mehta, who said most of Indian zoos are like "public gardens."
"The zoos are maintained for creating awareness about animals and fostering concern and love for them. In Western countries, zoos also serve as research stations. But we are maintaining zoos like public gardens where people tease animals, irritate them and throw food and stones at them. We need to revamp them," Mehta told IANS.
"There should be educational material, knowledgeable volunteers and animal-friendly activities and films that will prevent such incidents," she added.
Echoing similar sentiments, Bindra said that as most zoos are largely "under-equipped" and face a "manpower crunch", partnering with relevant NGOs or institutions would be a good idea.
"This is especially for tasks such as interface with public, education, monitoring visitors and perhaps even helping keepers in their tasks - as is done in some zoos abroad," Bindra added.
3

Goa government appoints agency to study Mahadeyi river waterOct 02, 2014 at 02:37pm IST
Goa government appoints agency to study Mahadeyi river water
13
0
Panaji: Cementing its claim on Mahadeyi river water, Goa government has approved the appointment of an agency to conduct studies for protecting the state's interest before Mahadeyi Water Disputes Tribunal. The work has been awarded to DHI (India) Water and Environment Private Limited for Rs 1.34 crore.
The agency will conduct bio-diversity study on Mahadeyi river to ascertain endemic species and aquatic ecology. The agency will also have to conduct survey of estuaries of Mahadeyi and Zuari rivers. Goa government is currently fighting a legal battle with neighbouring Karnataka, which has resolved to construct dams to divert Mahadeyi river water.
The diversion of water would result in various costs to the state like ecological and environmental, mentions the Cabinet note issued on Wednesday. The regular hearing of Mahadeyi Water Disputes Tribunal began in first week of September this year.
The agency will conduct bio-diversity study on Mahadeyi river to ascertain endemic species and aquatic ecology.
#goa #goa government #mahadeyi water disputes tribunal #mahadeyi
The Cabinet note mentions that the agency has been asked to conduct the study as "during the regular hearing, the stand taken by Goa has to be proved by various documents and studies." International firm DHI has submitted a profile to the state government mentioning that they have carried out studies of similar nature in India and also abroad.
The agency will have to maintain confidentiality about the studies and there will be a copyright of water resources department over all data, analysis, results, conclusions, etc of the studies, the government note said. The experts from the agency will also be deposing before the tribunal during the regular hearings, it added.
2

Garbage thrown on the road during Clean India walkathonJharkhand elections: Sonia Gandhi urges people of Daltonganj to vote for Congress
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Apps that reinvent smartphone keyboards to reduce typing frustrationOct 02, 2014 at 02:32pm IST
Apps that reinvent smartphone keyboards to reduce typing frustration
8
1
Toronto: New smartphone apps aim to solve the problem of keyboards causing aching fingers or auto-correct resulting in embarrassing blunders.
The apps replace QWERTY keyboards with alternatives designed to provide better auto-correct and more seamless typing.
Minuum, which launched for the iPhone and is available for Android devices, converts the keyboard into a single staggered line of characters and learns users' typing habits to predict what they will type next.
New smartphone apps aim to solve the problem of keyboards causing aching fingers or auto-correct resulting in embarrassing blunders.
#smartphone keyboards #apps #typing #swype
"Your fingers are very large relative to the size of your screen, so the first thing we do is assume that everything you type is sloppy and that you're making mistakes all the time," said Will Walmsley, co-founder and chief executive officer of Toronto-based Whirlscape, which created the app.
The app's algorithms sense the general area that users are typing to predict the word they intend to type, and then provides a list of 10 options.
Walmsley said compressing the keyboard also gives users more screen space and a familiar way of typing without needing to move their fingers up and down.
The app, which costs $1.99 on iPhone and $3.99 on Android, is available worldwide in English. Android users can also get the app in Spanish, French, German, Dutch, Italian and Russian.
Swype, which launched on the iPhone and is available for Android, Symbian and Windows phones, lets people glide their fingers over a character instead of tapping. As users glide their fingers across the touchscreen keyboard, algorithms predict the word they intend to type based on the keys their fingers cross.
Aaron Sheedy, vice president of mobile, text and speech at Burlington, Massachusetts-based Nuance, which created the app, says it is a more natural function than traditional typing.
"The organic nature of touchscreens is to swipe and glide. But as soon we open the keyboard, we have to grab both our hands and put our thumbs in an unnatural position to start typing away," he said.
The app's predictive algorithms learn a user's language habits over time, including proper nouns that often cause trouble for auto-correction algorithms.
"Our goal is to get the keyboard to understand your words and how you write," Sheedy said of Swype, which costs 99 cents on the iPhone.
Other popular keyboard apps include SwiftKey and TouchPal, free for iOS and Android, and GIF Keyboard for the iPhone.
Although Android users have been able to replace their keyboards with alternatives, Apple has only recently allowed its users to do so.
Craig Palli, chief strategy officer at Boston-based Fiksu, believes it is a move many iPhone users have been awaiting.
"The biggest complaint among Android fans for years about the iPhone was that it didn't support Swype-like functionality, which is a highly efficient means of inputting information," said Palli.
2

Angry Birds maker Rovio plans job cutsAngry Birds maker Rovio plans job cuts
Reuters
Tweet
HELSINKI, Oct 2:  
Finnish mobile games maker Rovio, owner of the globally successful Angry Birds brand, said on Thursday it was planning to cut up to 130 jobs in Finland, or 16 per cent of its total workforce.
"We have been building our team on assumptions of faster growth than have materialised. As a result, we announced today that we plan to simplify our organisation ... we also need to consider possible employee reductions," Chief Executive Mikael Hed said in a statement.
According to Rovio, the Angry Birds game, in which players use a slingshot to attack pigs who steal birds' eggs, is the No. 1 paid mobile application of all time.
Rovio has expanded the brand into an animated TV series and merchandising of toys and clothing, but at the same time it has struggled to retain players, resulting in its earnings halving last year.
In August, the company named Pekka Rantala, a former Nokia executive, as its next CEO.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Mphasis CFO helps the co manage liquidity betterStory
On Solid Footing
"We invest only in liquid mutual funds, bank deposits, and short-duration fixed maturity plans, which are not subject to any interest rate volatility," says Murthy.
Ganesh Murthy, Former CFO and EVP, MphasiS. Photo: Nilotpal Baruah
BT-Yes Bank Best CFOs Survey
Consistent Liquidity Management (Large Companies)
WINNER: Ganesh Murthy, Former CFO and EVP, MphasiS
Ganesh Murthy, 52, had been with Mphasis for five years and has now moved on to Dell Services, but not before he put the company's balancesheet on a solid footing. When Murthy joined Mphasis from HP in 2009, the company had $12 million cash. Today, it has $430 million, after many acquisitions and dividend payouts.
Where does he park the money?
Mphasis, India's sixth-largest IT services company with revenues of Rs 5,796 crore in 2013, has a simple investment policy. The focus is safety, liquidity and returns. "We invest only in liquid mutual funds, bank deposits, and short-duration fixed maturity plans, which are not subject to any interest rate volatility ," says Murthy. Most of its cash - Rs 2,080 crore - is in liquid mutual funds. Only Rs 100 crore are in bank deposits. "Our return is 6.3 per cent net of taxes last year. We have done a benchmarking with other Indian IT service companies - most of them have a return of 6 per cent," Murthy says.
The company does not invest in anything that exceeds 10 per cent of the corpus of the fund. If the fund size is Rs 1,000 crore, for instance, it does not invest more than Rs 100 crore in that fund.
Murthy says the company's treasury policies have not changed much in the last five years. It monitors the receivables closely and has made good progress over the last few quarters. The debtors turnover ratio at 9 in 2012/13 indicates debtors buy and pay nine times a year. The credit goes to the CFO in faster conversion of debtors to cash.
"Our DSO (Day Sales Outstanding) has improved considerably over the last few quarters. In the March quarter, we were at 71 days. The industry average is 76-80 days," Murthy says and adds that DSO was more than 80 days for the company earlier.

Gadkari says Sena-BJP bonded by Hindutva  does not rule out post-poll alliance inMaharashtraOn taking support of NCP-Congress after the elections as an expediency, Gadkari said, 'We will get majority. No ifs and buts.' (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Pune | Posted: October 2, 2014 3:31 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 4:02 pm
In an indication of a possible post-poll understanding with Shiv Sena, Union Minister Nitin Gadkari has said that BJP could consider joining hands again with its estranged ally if the situation so demanded.
Describing breaking of the 25-year-long saffron alliance in Maharashtra as most “unfortunate and painful,” Gadkari, when asked about a post poll tie-up (in a hung Assembly scenario) with the Sena, said, “If the situation arises, we can certainly think of that. Shiv Sena has been our ally bound together on the base of Hindutva.”
Stating that there is “bitterness” about the Sena in BJP, he said, “We have the same amount of love for Bal Thackeray as we have for Atalji.” “Our Parliamentary Board will consider these issues if necessary,” he added.
When asked whether BJP would consider taking support of NCP-Congress after the elections as an expediency, Gadkari said, “We will get majority. No ifs and buts.”
The lone Sena member of NDA Cabinet Anant Geete need not resign and nobody from BJP has asked him to step down, he told a Marathi news channel.
Meanwhile, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray attacked BJP saying it “used” the Sena to capture power in Delhi and broke the alliance afterwards for the Maharashtra elections.
Recalling the late Pramod Mahajan and Gopinath Munde’s role in keeping the saffron alliance intact over the years, he said, “These BJP leaders never pushed things to the breaking point.”
“Now for today’s BJP leaders, it has become a game of chess,” he said.
Thackeray, addressing a meeting at Parbhani in the state’s Marathwada region last night, also ridiculed BJP’s slogan which seeks blessings of Shiv Chhatrapati saying that the party never even celebrated Shivjayanti.

Durga temple where holy flame is burning for 101 yearsDurga temple where holy flame is burning for 101 years
By PTI | 2 Oct, 2014, 03.34PM IST
The priest also reveals that another 'ghee lamp' was established close to the oil lamp, and has also been burning constantly for over seven decades now.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
PATNA: In a small Durga temple, tucked in a narrow lane in the heart of Patna, an oil lamp burns unwaveringly and devotees throng to pray near it.
After all it is no ordinary flame. It it claimed that it has been burning continuously for the past 101 years and has been attracting people from all walks of life who come seeking fulfilment of their wishes.
"We call this 'Akhand Jyoti' (Uninterrupted flame). It has become a flame of faith as it has been burning incessantly in front of the idol of Goddess Durga here. We aptly called it Akhandvasini Temple ," said Basukinath Tiwary, the main priest of the temple.
It was Basukinath's father late Vishwanath Tiwary, who brought the flame from Kamakhya in Assam to Patna in June 1914, after completing elaborate prayers and rituals. He converted a room in the house near the famous 'Golghar' a dome-shaped granary built by the British, into sanctum sanctorum and placed the flame there.
Since then the place has served as a private temple, though devotees are allowed to pray without any charge. Sons and grandsons of Vishwanath Tiwary control the religious affairs and rituals within the premises.
"My father was a devotee, an Ayurvedic doctor and a freedom fighter. He decided to keep the temple open to all so that they could also pray and seek blessings from the Mother Goddess and Akhand Jyoti established here," said Basukinath.
The priest also reveals that another 'ghee lamp' was established close to the oil lamp, and has also been burning constantly for over seven decades now.
"We pour mustard oil and ghee twice daily in the lamps. The rest is taken care of by the devotees," he added.
Though worshippers visit the temple round the year, especially on Tuesdays, the Navaratra is special. Thousands of men and women visit daily and the numbers go up to 10,000 during the last two-three days of Durga Puja .
Basukinath said the devotees come with knots of turmeric, flowers, vermilion, sweets and coconut as offerings to appease the Goddess. He or other members of the family lend a helping hand in assisting the visitors in the prayers.
"We follow the traditional method of worship here. There has been no change in it since the time when my father came here. 'Chandi path' is conducted by Brahmins especially invited to the temple. We also get temporary tents and sheds erected for the devotees who queue during the festival," added the priest.
A grand feast on the 'ashtami' or the eighth day of the Navratri is organised at which devotees get sumptuous 'prasad' or offerings made to the Goddess.

China warns HK protesters of  unimaginable consequences  if demonstrations continueChina warns HK protesters of  unimaginable consequences  if demonstrations continue
Arvind Subramaminum as Chief Economic Advisor PM Consent Awaited: ReportArvind Subramaminum as Chief Economic Advisor PM Consent Awaited: Report
Gandhi Jayanti 2014: 5 Movies That Celebrate Mahatma Gandhi [VIDEOS]Gandhi Jayanti 2014: 5 Movies That Celebrate Mahatma Gandhi [VIDEOS]
UPDATE 4-Oil drops under $92 to new 27-month low as supply glut growsUPDATE 4-Oil drops under $92 to new 27-month low as supply glut grows
Diageo bars UBL from appointing independent dir at USLDiageo bars UBL from appointing independent dir at USL
Auto sector: Margins expected to improve in Q2Auto sector: Margins expected to improve in Q2
A-Pac M&A reaches $459.3 bn; India 4th most targeted nationA-Pac M&A reaches $459.3 bn; India 4th most targeted nation
Contribution of travel  tourism to GDP to rise by 7.5% in 2014Contribution of travel  tourism to GDP to rise by 7.5% in 2014
India vs Pakistan Live: Asian Games 2014 Hockey Final5:28 pm: 
5:28 pm: 
5:27 pm: Gold No. 9 as well. The women's 4x400m relay team have bagged another yellow metal for India. What a way to end the day!
5:12 pm: History has been created, the road to Olympics is now without hurdles, and the Asian Games Hockey gold is ours again after 1998. Congratulations, India!
5:10 pm: India beat Pakistan on penalty shootout to win men's hockey gold after 16 years and qualify for the 2016 Olympics
5:09 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final, India vs Pakistan: 1-1 at full-timePenalty shootout Pakistan: 0, 1, 0, 1India: 1, 1, 0, 1, 1
5:09 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final, India vs Pakistan: 1-1 at full-timePenalty shootout Pakistan: 0, 1, 0, 1India: 1, 1, 0, 1
5:08 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final, India vs Pakistan: 1-1 at full-timePenalty shootout Pakistan: 0, 1, 0India: 1, 1, 0, 1
5:08 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final, India vs Pakistan: 1-1 at full-timePenalty shootout: Sreejesh saves Pakistan: 0, 1, 0India: 1, 1, 0
5:07 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final, India vs Pakistan: 1-1 at full-timePenalty shootout: Manpreet's goal disallowedPakistan: 0, 1India: 1, 1, 0
5:06 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final, India vs Pakistan: 1-1 at full-timePenalty shootout Pakistan: 0, 1India: 1, 1
5:05 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final, India vs Pakistan: 1-1 at full-timePenalty shootout: Pakistan: 0India: 1, 1
5:05 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final, India vs Pakistan: 1-1 at full-timePenalty shootout: Sreejesh saves Pakistan: 0India: 1
5:04 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final, India vs Pakistan: 1-1 at full-timePenalty shootout Pakistan: 0India: 1
5:01 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final, India vs Pakistan: 1-1 at full-timePenalty shootout Pakistan: 0India: 0
5:00 pm: Penalty shootout: It's no longer decided through strokes. Rather it's a one on one between the goalkeeper and striker who runs from the 25-yard line and ball remains in play until the striker scores or the ball is declared dead by the umpire .
4:57 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final Full Time: India 1 - 1 Pakistan. Penalty shootout to decide the gold-medal winner.
4:56 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final 58th min: Ramandeep loses possession, Pakistan break. But India back in numbers.Fourth Quarter: India 1 - 1 Pakistan
4:55 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final Clock showing last 2 min of action. A goal here will be decisive. Fourth Quarter: India 1 - 1 Pakistan
4:54 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final 57th min: Three minutes left on the clock now.Fourth Quarter: India 1 - 1 Pakistan
4:52 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final 56th min: Pakistan skipper being cautioned by the umpire.Fourth Quarter: India 1 - 1 Pakistan
4:52 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final 55th min: Brilliant save once again by Imran Butt.Fourth Quarter: India 1 - 1 Pakistan
4:51 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final 55th min: PC for India. This is the chance.Fourth Quarter: India 1 - 1 Pakistan
4:49 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final 53rd min: Crafty deflection from Irfan but Sreejesh was alive to the danger. That was scary for India.Fourth Quarter: India 1 - 1 Pakistan
4:48 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final 52 min: No team willing to go all out at the moment. One goal here could seal the deal.Fourth Quarter: India 1 - 1 Pakistan
4:47 pm: Athletics: India finish sixth in Women's 4 x 100m Relay
4:46 pm: @DevangVyas: Direct shootout
4:46 pm: Will there be extra time if both team tied after 4th quarter or directly penalty shoot out?
4:46 pm: 
4:44 pm: @JasmeetSingh: Both have had 1 each
4:44 pm: Till now no team got PC right?
4:44 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final 48 min: Shakeel threatens with an overlapping run into the Indian circle but loses control. 16-yard hit.Fourth Quarter: India 1 - 1 Pakistan
4:43 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final Fourth Quarter: India 1 - 1 Pakistan
4:41 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final End of the Third Quarter: India 1 - 1 Pakistan
4:34 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final 42 min: Match held up, a Pakistan player is down just outside the Pak striking circle.Second Quarter: India 1 - 1 Pakistan
4:32 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final 40 min: The pace has slowed down a little but could be the lull before the storm. This is India vs PakistanThird Quarter: India 1 - 1 Pakistan
4:30 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final 38 min: Good ball by Manpreet to Ramandeep who takes a reverse hit but saved by Butt.Third Quarter: India 1 - 1 Pakistan
4:29 pm: 

Yahoo-AOL Merger Proposal: Recipe for Revival  or StagnationRoyal Enfield on Expansion Mode, to Set Up Third Plant
A proposed merger of Internet pioneers AOL Inc and Yahoo Inc could create a nimbler player in Web video, but strong growth, the measure of success in Silicon Valley, would remain elusive.
Investors are revisiting one of the most speculated Internet combinations, after activist investor Starboard on Friday pressured Yahoo to merge with AOL.
A pairing could help the companies compete in their core advertising business. But even combined, they would remain but a shadow of the Internet powerhouses they once were, analysts and advertising experts said.
Cost cutting after a merger would generate plenty of savings, some $1 billion, according to Starboard's analysis. Accelerating business growth would be harder.
"Neither company is a leader in ad dollars, and other than cost savings, there is little to gain by combining them," said Erik Gordon, a professor at the Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan.
Doing the management shuffle
A merger would suck up a lot of management time as the companies integrate staff and systems. In the meantime, the combined company could fall even further behind the competition, said Gordon.
"You've saved costs and you've become a more efficient slow-growth company," he said.
In mobile, a high-growth area in which Yahoo and AOL have both been playing catch-up, joining forces would create little apparent benefit, analysts said.
Yahoo and AOL have a meek and decreasing share of the digital ad market, according to data from research firm eMarketer. Google Inc is expected to command more than a third of the world's $140 billion digital advertising spending this year, with No. 2 Facebook Inc grabbing about 8 per cent. AOL's share is less than 1 per cent and Yahoo's is 2.5 per cent, both down from 2013.
Some benefits
Still, analysts and advertising experts think a tie-up would help when it comes to video programming and newer, automated ways of buying advertising.
Last year AOL made its biggest acquisition under CEO Tim Armstrong when it bought an electronic video advertising platform Adap.tv for $405 million. That technology could fit well with Yahoo's recent efforts to deliver more online video programming, such as videos about technology and fashion, along with old episodes of the Saturday Night Live television program.
Both companies could benefit from combined content and audience, said Amy Dickerson, vice president, director of digital at Spark, a media agency owned by Publicis.
Pairing up would make Yahoo and AOL a strong No. 3 player in the display advertising market, behind Google and Facebook, said Pivotal Research Group analyst Brian Wieser.
Size matters
"The reason why Facebook's size and Google's size matters and helps them so much is that they are a one-stop shop for so many advertisers," said Wieser.
AOL's heavy investment in programmatic advertising that allows marketers to automate the buying and selling of ads is another asset that would help Yahoo.
AOL has been reaping the benefits. Last quarter, advertising revenue, almost 75 per cent of AOL overall revenue, jumped 20 per cent in large part to its programmatic efforts and Adap.tv acquisition.
Additionally, AOL ad pricing, meaning what it gets for each ad, is growing while Yahoo's is shrinking, noted JMP Securities analyst Ronald Josey.
"AOL is specifically doing better in their core business and Yahoo has room for improvement for sure," he said.
Combining two online services is not a sure bet. Yahoo and Microsoft Corp voiced similar logic when they struck a Web search deal in 2009.
With Microsoft technology powering searches and search advertising for both companies, the partners hoped to mount a more competitive challenge to Google, the world's No. 1 search engine.
But the boost in search advertising prices has failed to materialize so far, and Yahoo has tried to slow the roll out of Microsoft technology on its websites in certain countries.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

EU to Accuse Apple of Taking Illicit Irish State Aid: ReportRoyal Enfield on Expansion Mode, to Set Up Third Plant
London: The European Union is to accuse US tech giant Apple of taking illegal aid from the Irish state through sweetheart tax deals over two decades, the Financial Times reported on Monday.
A European Commission investigation into Apple's tax affairs in Ireland, where it has enjoyed a rate of less than 2 per cent, found that the company benefitted from illegal state aid, the newspaper reported citing sources close to the matter.
The report is expected to be published later on Monday, the result of a probe that began in June after press revelations made corporate tax reduction an increasingly hot political issue.
Ireland is favoured as a European base by several major companies including Amazon, Facebook, PayPal and Twitter.
Apple's European headquarters is in the southwest Irish city of Cork, where it employs 4,000 people.
The country has a competitive corporate tax rate of 12.5 per cent, which has been criticised by some other member states of the EU as unfair, but which Dublin has repeatedly defended.
But a 2013 investigation by the US Senate found that the maker of iPhones and iPads paid a lower rate by channelling overseas sales through subsidiaries in a deal negotiated with the Irish government.
Apple did not immediately respond to comment, but both Ireland and Apple have denied the company was given a special deal.
The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) this month began efforts to crack down on "aggressive" tax avoidance by multinational companies, such as the notorious mechanism known as the "Double Irish".
Under such arrangements, a subsidiary based in a higher-tax country pays another subsidiary based in a tax haven, reducing the amount of tax the corporation pays on overall profits.
Ireland has indicated that such loopholes could be closed amid pressure from the OECD.
The group of 34 OECD nations has proposed new international measures aimed to force companies to report their profits and holdings country-by-country, increasing transparency and stopping common methods of shielding profits from tax.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 07:44 (IST)

Gmail  Yahoo May Soon Be Banned For Government OfficialsYou are here: Home Industries
Gmail, Yahoo May Soon Be Banned For Government Officials
NDTV | Updated On: October 01, 2014 08:28 (IST)
FDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
Government officials may no longer be able to use popular free e-mail services like Gmail and Yahoo for work by the end of the current fiscal year 2014-15, as the centre seeks to enforce a ban to safeguard critical and sensitive data.
The government has approved the proposal moved by Department of Electronics and Information Technology (DeitY) to establish a secure and encrypted email service for government officials, PTI reported.
Communication and IT( information technology) Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad earlier this month said that a system of secured email is being established to increase its usage within the government by March 2015.
"We are in the process of implementing this. At present about a million officials are covered by it and we need to scale it to cover a total of 5 million employees. This process will be completed by March 2015," DeitY Secretary R S Sharma said.
A budget of Rs 100 crore has been allocated for the project, which includes expanding infrastructure and ramping up security of servers that will be used to store the mails, Mr Sharma said.
"We need to scale the infrastructure of the National Informatics Centre (NIC) to accommodate this large number of officials. Also there will be a state-of-the-art security for the service to ensure nothing happens," he said.
The government's move comes on the back of rising concerns of cyber crime.  Earlier in September, five million usernames and passwords of Google were reported to have been leaked online by hackers.
(With PTI inputs)

Icahn Weighs $100 Million Bid to Save Taj Mahal CasinoYou are here: Home Industries
Icahn Weighs $100 Million Bid to Save Taj Mahal Casino
Associated Press | Updated On: September 30, 2014 09:13 (IST)
FDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
Atlantic City: Billionaire Carl Icahn is considering spending $100 million to save Atlantic City's Trump Taj Mahal casino from closing.
But that proposal is contingent on big givebacks from the union, steep tax breaks from Atlantic City, and $25 million in funds from a New Jersey agency.
In a filing to a bankruptcy court, the Taj Mahal's parent company, Trump Entertainment Resorts, presented a letter from Icahn's attorney saying the billionaire would consider bailing out the casino if the debt he owns in it were converted to equity that would give him ownership.
Icahn, who bought Atlantic City's Tropicana several years ago in a similar manner, wants the city to drastically reduce the Taj's taxes, the union to give up pension and health insurance, and a state redevelopment agency to provide $25 million.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 09:11 (IST)

China Regulator Approves iPhone 6 for Sale in ChinaRoyal Enfield on Expansion Mode, to Set Up Third Plant
Beijing: Apple Inc's iPhone 6 can now be sold in China, after the company received a licence for the device to be used on China's wireless networks, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology said on its website on Tuesday.
The iPhone 6 had been released in other countries, including the United States, on September 19 but Apple did not give a release data for China, the world's largest smartphone market.
Apple was not available for immediate comment.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Previous Poll | Will PM Modis Make In India campaign convert into a Made In India success storyprevious poll | will pm modis make in india campaign convert into a made in india success story
Japan s Economy Takes Another Hit as Factory Output FallsRegulators Fine Global Banks $3.4 Billion in Forex Probe
Tokyo: Annual household spending in Japan fell for a fifth straight month in August and factory output unexpectedly declined, highlighting the challenges policymakers face to revive an economy reeling under the strain of a sales tax hike.
The one bright spot came in data showing the jobless rate fell in August, while the availability of jobs stayed at a 22-year high, suggesting that improvements in the job market will ease some of the pain on households.
Household spending fell 4.7 per cent in August from a year earlier, data by the internal affairs ministry showed, more than a 3.8 per cent drop forecast in a Reuters poll, weighed by an April 1 sales tax hike to 8 per cent from 5 per cent.
Although the Bank of Japan is in no mood to deploy additional easing anytime soon, a run of soft data is raising doubts about the central bank's conviction that inflation will reach its 2 per cent goal by around mid-2015.
To that extent, the BOJ's key tankan corporate survey, due on Wednesday, will be closely scrutinised by central bankers at the rate-setting meeting next week.
The headline index for large manufacturers in the BOJ tankan is viewed as a leading gauge of economic growth, while capital spending plans offer clues on the strength of business activity.
The April tax hike, which drove the economy into its biggest slump since the global financial crisis in the second quarter, is keeping up pressure on the BOJ to ease again eventually.
The government may also be forced to compile a stimulus package if weakness persists, as Prime Minister Shinzo Abe must decide by year-end whether to proceed with a second sales tax hike planned for next year.
Factory output also reflected the struggles faced by companies, which have been saddled with a pile of inventories due to weak demand both at home and abroad.
Trade ministry data showed industrial output fell 1.5 per cent in August, as hopes for solid bounce remained elusive after the post-tax hike slump.
The fall compared with economists' median estimate for a 0.2 per cent increase in a Reuters poll. It followed a 0.4 per cent rise in July and a 3.4 per cent drop in June, which was the biggest decline since the March 2011 earthquake.
Manufacturers surveyed by the ministry expect output to rise 6.0 per cent in September but decrease 0.2 per cent in October.
Despite a flagging economy, the BOJ remains confident that a tighter labour market and improving income conditions will spur private consumption that accounts for about 60 per cent of the economy, keeping it on track to meet the 2 per cent price goal.
Separate data showed the jobless rate stood at 3.5 per cent in August, down from 3.8 per cent in July, with the jobs-to-applicants ratio unchanged at a 22-year high of 1.10.
Japan's economy shrank at an annualised 7.1 per cent in the second quarter, the deepest slump since the 2009 global financial crisis as April's tax hike took a heavy toll on domestic demand.
Analysts and policymakers expect the economy will rebound in the current quarter, though some warn that the recovery may lack strength and wane later this year if the tax pain drags on.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Bill Gates Ranked Richest AmericanYou are here: Home Global Economy
Bill Gates Ranked Richest American by Forbes
Associated Press | Updated On: September 30, 2014 10:12 (IST)
Regulators Fine Global Banks $3.4 Billion in Forex Probe
New York: Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates topped Forbes' latest list of the 400 richest Americans for the 21st straight year.
The list, released on Monday, was largely unchanged for 2014 and showed the rich getting richer. The combined wealth of those on the list rose 13 per cent to $2.29 trillion, helped by a stronger US. stock market.
Mr Gates' net worth totaled $81 billion, up $9 billion from 2013.
Investor Warren Buffett, the head of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., remained in second place at $67 billion. Oracle Corp. co-founder Larry Ellison also kept his No. 3 spot with $50 billion.
Brothers Charles and David Koch, co-owners of Koch Industries Inc., stay tied for fourth with $42 billion each.
There were 27 new members of the list, including WhatsApp co-founder Jan Koum in the 62nd spot. Facebook announced plans to buy the mobile messaging app for $19 billion in February.
The biggest gainer is Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, No. 11, whose net worth grew $15 billion since last year to $34 billion.
The net worth of America's wealthiest people has risen in the years since the financial crisis, widening the gap between the exceptionally well-to-do and the rest of the country. The average net worth of a Forbes 400 member is $5.7 billion, up from $5 billion last year.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 10:05 (IST)

Toyota Recalls 690 000 Pickups in US Over Fire RiskYou are here: Home Corporates
Toyota Recalls 690,000 Pickups in US Over Fire Risk
Agence France Presse | Updated On: September 30, 2014 08:27 (IST)
Royal Enfield on Expansion Mode, to Set Up Third Plant
Washington: Toyota today said it was recalling about 690,000 Tacoma pickup trucks in the United States to fix a suspension system flaw that could result in vehicle fires.
The safety recall covers model years 2005-2011 Tacoma 4x4 and Tacoma PreRunner pickup trucks, the US unit of Toyota Motor Corporation said.
The trucks' rear suspension system contains springs that could fracture due to stress and corrosion, it warned.
If the broken spring moves out of position and contacts the fuel tank repeatedly, it could puncture the tank, causing a fuel leak that increases the risk of a vehicle fire.
Toyota, the world's largest automaker, said it was not aware of any fires, crashes, injuries or fatalities associated with the condition.
A Toyota spokeswoman told AFP that the company also was recalling about 100,000 of the Tacoma trucks outside the US.
US-traded shares in Toyota were down 0.6 percent at $117.95 in early-afternoon trade on the New York Stock Exchange.
It was the third safety recall issued by Toyota USA this month, bringing the total to 840,000 vehicles.
On September 18, the Japanese automaker recalled 20,000 cars due to bad welding on a fuel delivery pipe in the engine compartment that could cause a fuel leak and subsequent fire.
That recall affected 2015 model year Lexus RX, the company's luxury brand, and four 2014 model year brands: Avalon, Camry, Highlander and Sienna.
Toyota had said it knew of no fires, crashes, injuries or fatalities linked to the problem.
A September 11 recall affected 130,000 of 2014 model year Tundra pickup trucks to fix a structure that could interfere with side air-bag deployment in the case of a crash. No crashes, injuries or deaths were reported.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 08:25 (IST)

http://usat.ly/1uAiwjKFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Six things investors need to know about October
The stock market's bad October reputation is, quite simply, a bad rap. The month has had five of the six worst one-day drops ever for the S&P 500. But the index still has averaged a 0.43% gain in Oct.
Post to Facebook
Six things investors need to know about October The stock market's bad October reputation is, quite simply, a bad rap. The month has had five of the six worst one-day drops ever for the S&P 500. But the index still has averaged a 0.43% gain in Oct. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/ZoZD6v
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
5
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Six things investors need to know about October
Video Keywords Federal Reserve Wall Street oil prices S&P 500 Janet Yellen stock market's interest rates USA today iMac Microsoft Google
Matt Krantz takes a look a what investors might consider when investing this October. USA TODAY
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  October can be a scary month. Not because of Halloween.
00:04  It's a month clobbered by some of the stock market's worst
00:07  days in 1929 crash black Monday in 1987. The tipping point
00:13  in the financial crisis in 2008. Here's what you need to
00:17  know about the market this October iMac Krantz this is USA
00:21  today. October's bomb wrap -- somewhat deserve. The tenth month has
00:29  contained five of the six worst jobs in the S&P 500.
00:33  During October since 1928. Stocks gained zero point 43% on average
00:38  that's something to brag about. But it's not a smashed pumpkin
00:42  either. What does this October hold in store for investors there
00:46  are six things. One seasonal factors work in this market's favored
00:51  this year it's a midterm congressional election year. Economic news and
00:55  Federal Reserve policy will be in the forefront of investors' minds.
00:58  Two technology stocks tend to do the best in October but
01:02  watch out. There's been a shift lately energy companies have started
01:06  to emerge -- on and stars. With -- -- oil prices
01:09  though investors wonder back and repeat again this year. Three earnings
01:14  reports of possible product launches from tech will be key to
01:18  the month. Apple Google and Microsoft have big plans expect them
01:22  to get plenty of attention in coming weeks. For big this
01:26  is going to be one of those October that drops a
01:29  bomb in the stock market resist the urge to try and
01:32  profit for a spike in volatility. You could invest in exchange
01:35  traded notes -- tracked Wall Street so called fear gauge but
01:38  that's op and a bad idea these investments tend to lag
01:42  historically. Five mutual fund investors don't fear the odds of interest
01:47  rates heading higher profit from them. Just look at September's winning
01:51  funds to see what might pay off again in October. And
01:55  finally it's then -- time again. Investors will watch this month's
01:59  fed meeting expect open and honest talk about financial markets from
02:03  Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen. And that's not necessarily a good
02:06  thing trust us. Don't -- October prepare for it and profit
02:12  from it. I'm Matt -- and USA today.
USA TODAY Special Report 5:08 p.m. EDT October 1, 2014
Monthly Markets Checkup
61 CONNECT 111 TWEET 17 LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
October is known as a frightful month, and the reason has nothing to do with Halloween. It is the month that has contained some of the stock market's scariest days. The epic 1929 crash. Black Monday in 1987. And, freshest in everyone's minds, the tipping point in the 2008 financial crisis.
But the stock market's bad October reputation is, quite simply, a bad rap. Even though the month has had five of the six worst one-day drops ever for the Standard & Poor's 500 index, that market benchmark still has averaged a 0.43% gain in October going all the way back to 1928.
So what six things do investors need to know about October -- besides that it isn't nearly as bad as its made out to be?
1. The economy is key.
Whether October lives up to its scary reputation as a crash site or shrugs off the skeletons in its performance closet will depend on how Wall Street reacts to economic data, earnings reports and news out of the Federal Reserve, with the central bank expected to ease quantitative easing this month and set the stage for eventual interest rate increases.

RBI to Review Foreign Investment Limit in Government BondsIFC Sells Rupee Bonds, Raises Rs 1,000 Crore for Axis Bank
Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will re-examine foreign investment limit in government debt, Governor Raghuram Rajan told analysts in a conference call on Wednesday.
He said he expects the allocation available for foreign investors in government bonds to increase as short-term debt matures, but added the central bank would over time "re-examine the limit and see what we can do".
As of Tuesday, 96.6 per cent of India's $25 billion government debt limit for foreign institutional investors was utilised.
The RBI is talking to Euroclear and other organisations to allow trading in Indian government bonds to be settled through their systems, Mr Rajan added.
The apex bank kept its key policy rate (repo) unchanged at 8.0 per cent on Tuesday.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

DON EMMERT / AFP - Getty Imagesdon emmert / afp - getty images
Dish TV raises Rs. 200 crore through non-convertible debentureseconomy, business and finance
Direct-to-Home service provider Dish TV on Wednesday said it has raised Rs. 200 crore through non-convertible debentures.
The board of the company, in a meeting held on Wednesday “issued and allotted 200 numbers of Rated, Unlisted, Secured, Redeemable, Non-Convertible Debentures of the face value of Rs. 1 crore each, for cash, aggregating up to Rs. 200 crore only,” Dish TV informed BSE.
Earlier, on September 29 Dish TV had informed that its board had approved “terms and condition upon which the company will issue” non-convertible debentures upto Rs 200 crore“.
It further said that issue had opened on September 30, 2014.

Mallya re-appointed as USL chairmanboard of directors (appointment and change)
Shareholders of United Spirits Ltd (USL), controlled by Diageo Plc., have approved the re-appointment of Vijay Mallya as Chairman of the company, Diageo said in a statement on Wednesday.
“Mr. Mallya remains United Breweries (Holdings) Ltd’s (UBHL) nominated director and, therefore, in accordance with the terms of the shareholders’ agreement, Diageo voted in favour of the resolution at the USL annual general meeting (AGM) to re-appoint Mr. Mallya as a director of USL,” Diageo said.

http://usat.ly/1thPa3XIBM starts online hub for NYC tech firms
The Big Apple's tech start-up scene is getting a boost from Big Blue.
Post to Facebook
IBM starts online hub for NYC tech firms The Big Apple's tech start-up scene is getting a boost from Big Blue. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wYQrkd
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
IBM starts online hub for NYC tech firms
Mike Snider , USA TODAY 4:13 p.m. EDT October 1, 2014
Promotional art for Digital.NYC, an online hub for startups.
(Photo: IBM)
183 CONNECT 275 TWEET 266 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The Big Apple's tech start-up scene is getting a boost from Big Blue.
The tech giant teamed with New York City's economic development officials to create an online hub to foster continued growth in the city's burgeoning tech industry.
But the online platform, which launches today at Digital.NYC , can connect other businesses and entrepreneurs with fledgling, innovative tech firms.
"This is a ground-breaking initiative developed by the New York tech community, for the New York tech community—and for all New Yorkers who want to participate in this fast-growing sector," said Mayor Bill de Blasio in a statement. "This platform will serve as a role model for other cities and regions around the country."
In addition to information about tech firms and job openings, Digital.NYC offers information on tech funding, resources on where to get tech expertise, available office space and a calendar of tech meetups and other events. Hands-on support includes online tech classes, as well as information about start-up hubs where new firms can work and connections to IBM's global entrepreneur program.
Also available: tools for developing mobile apps and cloud-connected support for managing and analyzing those apps after they go into operation. Venture capital online software firm Gust created Digital.NYC using IBM's Bluemix app development platform and cloud infrastructure.
Speaking of apps, IBM recently announced that it was teaming up with Apple to develop business enterprise apps that will marry Big Blue's big data capabilities to Apple's user-friendly iPads and iPhones.
So, the Digital.NYC hub can help current businesses expand, as well. "Obviously, it's good for start-ups but I think it goes far beyond that," says Sandy Carter, IBM's general manager of ecosystem solutions. "This also provides an easy entry point for companies to do business in the city. ... IBM sees the potential in these entrepreneurs creating not just new jobs, but creating new technology exploration as well."
IBM expects to be able to use Digital.NYC as a model for online tech industry hubs in other cities, Carter says.
This online project is just the latest commitment to New York City from IBM, which is headquartered in Armonk, N.Y. A new headquarters for the IBM Watson Group, a unit devoted to the development of thinking apps – fueled by more than $1 billion from IBM – is set to open soon in the city's  Silicon Alley.
The New York City tech ecosystem is growing at a faster rate than the city's overall population and employment, according to a report from consulting form HR&A . Tech-enabled firms created about 541,000 jobs with $50.6 billion in annual wages and $124.7 billion in annual output, the study found. Last year, the tech industry contributed $5.6 billion in tax revenues, about 12.3% of the city's tax base.
Already, there are more than 1,200 jobs posted on the hub, said Alicia Glen, the city's deputy mayor for housing and development. "That gives you a sense of how much demand there is in New York City for a qualified workforce," she said.
Whether it's jobs, venture capital, networking or operational support, the Digital.NYC hub "is really an opportunity for us to put all the resources that are available in the tech ecosystem in one place," Glen said..
Connecting new firms with cloud can provide much needed assistance, says Jennifer Shin, founder of 8 Path Solutions, a data science startup that is currently using IBM's Bluemix cloud development platform (Digital.NYC newcomers get a free 30-day trial).
"Cloud opens up a whole world of opportunities for small companies like ours," Shin says, "from client engagement and development to offering certain products and services which traditionally only large companies could launch."
Follow Mike Snider on Twitter: @MikeSnider .
183 CONNECT 275 TWEET 266 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1wYQrkd
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Amit Shah shares dais with don DP YadavBJP leader denies inviting DP Yadav
Recommend
Link
1 month 23 days ago, TIMES NOW
First there was the embarrassment and now the fire fighting. A day after don turned neta DP Yadav shared the stage with BJP President Amit Shah during an election rally, the BJP is trying to clarify maters. The party's candidate from Ambala -- Aseem Goyal has now said that neither he nor the party invited him to campaign in Haryana.
More on TIMES NOW:

Loud music shooter found guilty of murder in second trialBy Mark Berman October 1 Follow @markberman
A Florida jury convicted Michael Dunn of first-degree murder on Oct. 1, for the shooting and killing of unarmed black teenager Jordan Davis, after an argument over loud music in 2012. (AP)
Michael Dunn was found guilty of first-degree murder Wednesday, capping  his second trial for shooting and killing Jordan Davis , an unarmed black teenager, in 2012.
A jury convicted him  less than a week after the trial began. And this conviction came seven months after Dunn was convicted on several other counts , which carried with them the potential for decades in prison. However, the earlier trial ended with the jury deadlocked on the charge of first-degree murder.
Dunn shot Davis, 17, in the parking lot of a Jacksonville, Fla., gas station after an argument involving the music coming from a vehicle carrying Davis and three other teenagers. (That is why this became known as the “loud music trial.”)
After the argument, Dunn fired 10 times at the vehicle, continuing to fire at it as it pulled away. Dunn returned to his hotel and drove home to Brevard County the next day, and he was arrested several hours later.
Police said during the earlier trial that two other teenagers in the car narrowly avoided being shot. So in February, Dunn was found guilty of shooting into an occupied car as well as three counts of attempted second-degree murder.
But the earlier jury deadlocked on the first-degree murder charge because some jurors felt that Dunn had acted in self-defense, a juror  said shortly after the verdict was announced.
State attorney Angela Corey vowed immediately after the verdict to retry Dunn on the first-degree murder charge.
During the second trial, prosecutors argued that Dunn fired with lethal intent. Dunn insisted that he thought his life was in danger. “I deliberately defended myself,” he said, according to Reuters . “There was nothing accidental about it.”
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Macy s Tops List of Retailers Hiring for the HolidaysMacy’s Tops List of Retailers Hiring for the Holidays
 
By ABC News
Oct 1, 2014 6:16pm
Today marks 84 days till Christmas and some retailers are handing out early presents for those looking to pick up part-time work (and some much-needed extra cash.)
Seven of the US largest retailers are expected to hire a record number of employees this holiday season — almost 400,000 — with Macy’s leading the charge.
According to 24/7 Wall St , Macy’s will have an expected 86,000 seasonal job openings.
Want to know where else people will be lined up with applications?
See below for the list of retailers hiring the most employees for the holidays:
Macy’s: 86,000
Kohl’s: More than 67,000
Walmart: 60,000

Argentinas central bank chief quitsArgentina’s central bank chief quits
By Benedict Mander in Buenos Aires
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9471156e-49bf-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BlackRock / Standard Life / MeggittBankers should heed BlackRock’s veiled warning
By Jonathan Guthrie
Rob Leach’s tone on underperforming deals is masterly
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a37abac8-1c8e-11e4-98d8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Asset managers may escape systemic labelAsset managers may escape systemic label
By Gina Chon in Washington and Stephen Foley in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d2739c66-182c-11e4-a6e4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Congress releases manifesto in Haryana; tries to woo farmers  promises growthComments
Now, we want to put Haryana on higher growth trajectory, said Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda.
Attempting to woo farmers and other sections, Congress on Wednesday released it election manifesto for the upcoming October 15 polls. Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda promised to put the state on higher growth trajectory.
The 23-page manifesto focuses on agriculture and horticulture, irrigation, energy, industry, trade, commerce, FDI and health. It also talks about employment, women empowerment, Scheduled Caste and Backward Classes, urban and rural development and education with a promise to set up one University in every district.
According to the manifesto, efforts for a separate High Court for Haryana in Chandigarh will continue, mining will be resumed after getting approval from the Environment Department, students union elections will be permitted in Universities and colleges while a roadmap will be prepared for each of the 90 Assembly segments so that their needs are fully met.
The manifesto was released at Panchkula jointly by Hooda, Congress General Secretary and party state in-charge Shakeel Ahmed, party Secretary Asha Kumari, chairman of the Manifesto Committee Ram Prakash, state Congress chief Ashok Tanwar and former MP Naveen Jindal. It was read out by Prakash.
Hooda said, “Congress does not want to sit on its past laurels, but intends to continue the unprecedented path of development growth and prosperity of Haryana in its endeavour to serve effectively. Now, we want to put Haryana on higher growth trajectory.”
Haryana being a leading Agrarian state, the manifesto says the government will pay 100 per cent interest of the farmer who return the short-term loan regularly and 50 per cent interest of the farmer who return the long-term loan regularly. Land acquisition policy will be further rationalised.
Efforts will continue to secure Centre’s approval to lower the interest rate on long-term loans of farmers to 4 per cent. Credit limit to the farmers will be provided on the similar pattern as industrialists. Organic farming will be promoted.
Minimum Support Prices of potatoes, onions and tomatoes, like other crops, should be fixed to safeguard the producers from being exploited and attempt will be made to persuade the Centre for this, the manifesto says.
With Traori in Karnal region famous for production of Basmati rice, a modern ‘Rice Improvement Centre’ will be set up there while Basmati festival will also be held each year, it said. A national-level vegetable and fruit market will be built in every district.
The manifesto said horticulture and orchard farming will be encouraged by providing free saplings to panchayats while an international-level market will be established at Ganaur in Sonepat to promote sale of horticultural items.
On the irrigation sector, the manifesto said the present government has succeeded in getting “maximum” share in inter-state rivers and that efforts will be made to execute storage dam work on the upstream of the Yamuna expeditiously.
It said work will soon start on Lakhwar and Vayasi projects and added that efforts for Kisau and Renuka dams will continue. “Wherever possible, water bodies continued…

US court holds Argentina in contemptUS court holds Argentina in contempt over bond payment plans
By John Paul Rathbone in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/905f0474-487d-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Global giants head for court in Argentine assets wrangleGlobal giants head for court in Argentine assets wrangle
By Benedict Mander in Buenos Aires
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4cc5f70a-335a-11e4-9607-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sony Xperia Z3: Bow down to iPhone 6 s rivalE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

China warns of chaos if Hong Kong protests continueprint
Protesters gather at a main road at the financial central district after riot police use tear gas against them after thousands of people blocked the road in Hong Kong. (AP Photo)
The Chinese government has come out in strong support of the Hong Kong leadership, saying it has full faith in chief executive, Leung Chun-ying and indicating that he will not be asked to step down.
A front page editorial in the People’s Daily, the Communist Party of China’s (CPC) official newspaper, said the government was very satisfied with Leung’s performance. The editorial warned of “unimaginable consequences” if the protests continued. “The central government is full of confidence in Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying [CY Leung], and is completely satisfied with his performance,” it said.
Beijing “will thus continue to strongly support Mr Leung's leadership of Hong Kong's legal administration as well as the police's handling of illegal activities,” it added. One of the main demands of the Occupy Central protesters – who have been camping on Hong Streets for days now – is that Leung resigns from his post. They have threatened to occupy central Hong Kong buildings by late tonight, if does not resign.
But Thursday’s editorial makes it more or less clear that Beijing will not ask him to put in his papers; if it does, it would probably mean some amount of loss of face for the Communist Party. “Occupy Central” will have negative consequences for Hong Kong and all its people. If it continues, these consequences will be unimaginable,” the editorial said.
“They have incited the masses, paralysed transportation, disrupted businesses, stirred up conflict, and interfered with the daily lives of Hong Kong people,” it said about  protesters. “This has gone so far as to threaten people’s safety, as well as their property. These activists ought to be held legally responsible for this unlawful behavior,” it added. The newspaper said the protests have hit hard the financial hub economically.
“Occupy Central has undermined Hong Kong’s unwavering prosperity. The vast majority of people in Hong Kong agree that economic growth and the improvement of people’s livelihoods are the most important challenges facing them today. But “Occupy Central” tosses aside economic growth and people’s wellbeing, and does immediate damage.
It’s not fair that Hong Kong’s stock market tumbles day after day, with financial institutions being forced to temporarily shut down some operations” said the editorial. Meanwhile, a rights group said Wednesday that dozens of activists supporting the movement in Hong Kong have been arrested on the Mainland.
“A number of Chinese citizens have faced reprisals for supporting the protests for universal suffrage in Hong Kong… Police in China have harassed and warned activists in many cities, concerned that they may try to travel to Hong Kong or take to streets to protest,” the group Chinese Human Rights Defenders said in a statement on Wednesday.

http://usat.ly/1pHtYlFFCC eliminates NFL blackout rules
FCC eliminates its NFL blackout rules, allowing TV distributors to air games that aren't sold out
Post to Facebook
FCC eliminates NFL blackout rules FCC eliminates its NFL blackout rules, allowing TV distributors to air games that aren't sold out Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/YNyLM7
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
25
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
FCC eliminates NFL blackout rules
Roger Yu , USA TODAY 4:49 p.m. EDT September 30, 2014
(Photo: The Associated Press)
3944 CONNECT 233 TWEET 50 LINKEDIN 25 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The Federal Communications Commission said Tuesday it repealed its sports blackout rule for the National Football League, eliminating a decades-old ban on airing local games that were not sold out.
The rule change may not trigger significant changes for football fans since almost all NFL games are sold out. The league may still establish its own blackout rules through private contracts they set with broadcasters and cable companies.
In their contracts that run until 2022, the NFL requires broadcast networks to black out a game if a team does not sell out tickets at least 72 hours before the game starts. And the NFL plans to keep the contract in place.
Flashback: Sack the NFL's blackout rule
But the FCC's rule change, approved unanimously by all five commissioners, means the agency no longer prohibits cable and satellite operators from airing any sports event that had been blacked out on a local broadcast station. And now they theoretically would be free to air a local game -- one that has been blacked out on the local broadcast station -- by carrying the broadcast of another station outside the market that's airing the game.
"NFL teams have made significant efforts in recent years to minimize blackouts," the NFL said in a statement. "The NFL is the only sports league that televises every one of its games on free, over-the-air television. The FCC's decision will not change that commitment for the foreseeable future."
Vigorously opposed by broadcasters, the blackout rule is "no longer justified in light of the significant changes in the sports industry since these rules were first adopted nearly forty years ago," the FCC said in a statement.
In the early 1970s, NFL teams relied primarily on ticket sales to generate revenue and the rule was implemented to encourage fans to attend games. But the league has diversified its revenue base by reaping billions in advertising and programming licensing fees from networks.
Despite player concussions and other controversies surrounding its players and teams, the league's popularity is growing unabated and only two NFL games were blacked out last season.
"Blackouts of NFL games are increasingly rare," the FCC said.  "The NFL is the most profitable sports league in the country, with $6 billion in television revenue per year."
Broadcasters have maintained that changing the rule could drive more games away from over-the-air stations to pay-TV providers, like satellite and cable operators.
Cable operators cheered the FCC's move. "We commend the commission's unanimous decision to eliminate the antiquated sports blackout rule," said the National Cable and Telecommunications Association, in a statement. "We encourage the FCC to continue its examination of outdated rules that no longer make sense."
Contributing: Tom Pelissero
3944 CONNECT 233 TWEET 50 LINKEDIN 25 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/YNyLM7
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Facebook Founders Are the Youngest Billionaires in Forbes ListYou are here: Home Industries
Facebook Founders Are the Youngest Billionaires in Forbes List
NDTV | Written By: Ramarko Sengupta | Updated On: October 01, 2014 16:31 (IST)
FDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
Three out of Forbes' 11 youngest billionaires of America are founding members of Facebook, two of them 30-year-olds.
Facebook co-founder Dustin Moskovitz, 30, is the youngest billionaire in the Forbes 400 richest Americans list of 2014. His Harvard University roommate and Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg who is just eight days older is the second youngest billionaire on the list.
Mr Moskovitz, who left Facebook in 2008 to start software firm Asana is worth $8.1 billion dollar according Forbes' estimates. Facebook CEO Mr Zuckerberg's fortune is more than four times his former roommate's at $34 billion.
Sean Parker, founding president of Facebook completes the trio for the 'social network' at fifth position on the list with a net worth of $3 billion. Mr Parker had also founded online music firm Napster.
Out of the 400 people on Forbes' list of the richest in the United States in 2014, 11 are under the age of 40. ( See full list )
Another 30-year-old who makes it to the list is Elizabeth Holmes, founder of California-based blood testing company Theranos. Ms Holmes, who had dropped out of Stanford University to start her venture from money saved for college, is the third youngest billionaire on the list.
Rounding off the list of the top five, is 31-year-old energy pipeline heir Scott Duncan with a net worth of $7 billion.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 16:28 (IST)

Toxic cocktail threatens the GangesMarch 22, 2013 3:38 am
‘Toxic cocktail’ threatens the Ganges
By Victor Mallet in Kanpur, India
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3b4c2046-91f6-11e2-a6f4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Delhi chokes as air quality plummetsDelhi chokes as air quality plummets
By Victor Mallet in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aeb8fbb8-63ab-11e2-af8c-00144feab49a.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fall in monsoon rains driven by rise in air pollution  says studyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

http://usat.ly/1rGJjHfFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
October tech stocks: A treat for investors?
Will tech earnings in October be a trick or treat? This month, several tech giants including Apple, Google and Microsoft are expected to reveal quarterly earnings, part of an October earnings bonanza.
Post to Facebook
October tech stocks: A treat for investors? Will tech earnings in October be a trick or treat? This month, several tech giants including Apple, Google and Microsoft are expected to reveal quarterly earnings, part of an October earnings bonanza. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vvg1xW
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
October tech stocks: A treat for investors?
Brett Molina , USA TODAY 11:56 p.m. EDT September 30, 2014
People crowd in front of the Apple Store in Munich, southern Germany to purchase the iPhone 6.
(Photo: Peter Kneffel, AFP/Getty Images)
11 CONNECT 40 TWEET LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Will tech earnings in October be a trick or treat?
This month, several tech giants,  including Apple (AAPL) , Google (GOOG ) and Microsoft (MSFT) ,  are expected to reveal quarterly earnings, part of an October earnings bonanza.
Nasdaq tech analyst Mike Stiller predicts numbers for tech heavyweights will be solid, but investors will be focusing more closely on future outlooks instead of the present.
"It's more looking at the commentary and forward-looking numbers than the current quarters," says Stiller.
October's winning sectors? All of them!
The headliner will likely be Apple, expected to announce fourth-quarter earnings later in the month. Apple should provide more clarity on sales of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones, which launched Sept. 19.
Apple says iPhone sales topped 10 million during opening weekend. Based on pre-order estimates, the iPhone 6 Plus has been particularly popular, with wait times on online orders stretching as far as November.
But Apple might not be done with the product announcements in 2014. Several reports suggest Apple will unveil a new iPad Air and iPad Mini tablet during an event in October. The time frame falls in line with iPad announcements last year and in 2012, both of which took place this month.
The arrival of new iPads comes as signs of weaker demand for tablets are starting to show. In August, research firm IDC lowered its tablet forecast for 2014, anticipating year-over-year growth of 6.5%, down from the 12% that was previously predicted.
Apple is also looking to reverse a slump in iPad sales. During the third quarter, Apple sold 13.2 million iPads, down 9% compared with last year.
S&P Capital IQ analyst Scott Kessler says several factors contribute to the dip in iPad sales, including a slower upgrade cycle. "Most people upgrade their phone every one to two years," he says. "Most people look to upgrade their iPads more consistently with when they upgrade their computers."
Other big tech names expected to report this month:
• Google. The tech giant recently jumped into the smartwatch market, as the first wave of Android Wear devices hit the market. Companies including Motorola and LG built smartwatches that will support Android Wear, and it's likely Google provides details on how well they're selling during its third-quarter report.
•Microsoft. The company's first-quarter earnings call will be the first since it announced its acquisition of Minecraft maker Mojang for $2.5 billion. The deal shores up Microsoft's stance in support of the Xbox brand, and could give a jolt to its Windows Phone devices. Meanwhile, investors could learn more details on Windows 9, the latest edition of its longstanding PC operating system.

Watch President Putin Deliver Speech on Russia s Economy at Moscow Forumwatch president putin deliver speech on russia s economy at moscow forum
Airports will soon look cleaner: Civil Aviation SecretaryAirports will soon look cleaner: Civil Aviation Secretary
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 2:  
Airports across the country will soon witness a visible difference on the cleanliness front, Union Civil Aviation Secretary V Somasundaran today said.
Briefing reporters after administering the 'Swachh Bharat' pledge at Rajiv Gandhi Bhavan here, Somasundaran said stress on cleanliness has been laid on places frequented by the public in airports.
"We have drawn up a programme to keep all the airports clean, especially, toilets and other places frequented by the public. So, you will see a visible difference within a short time... in the next one month," he said while replying to a question on complaints regarding the upkeep of airports in the country.
Mentioning that an intensified cleanliness drive is being carried out at 17 airports for about a week, he said the remaining airports will join the mission today.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Huge U.S. securities database to cost about $255 mln over 5 yearsHuge U.S. securities database to cost about $255 mln over 5 years
Reuters
Tweet
New York, Oct 2:  
The creation of a mammoth database that was ordered up in the wake of the Flash Crash will cost $255.6 million over five years to operate, according to the average cost estimate of six entities vying to build the system, a regulatory filing showed.
The database and surveillance system, dubbed the consolidated audit trail (CAT), will cost on average $53 million to build, the bidders estimated in a 166-page document that was published on Wednesday by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The CAT, one of Wall Street's biggest undertakings in years, took on urgency after the Flash Crash when it took months for the SEC to reconstruct trading on May 6, 2010 when the Dow plunged almost 10 per cent in minutes and then mostly recovered.
The document outlines the formation of a limited liability company to be called CAT NMS LLC, which will build, implement and operate the database and audit trail after the SEC's approval following a period of public comment.
Eighteen U.S. stock and options exchanges, and brokerage watchdog the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, prepared the document after almost two years of study, including 36 meetings with an advisory committee of industry participants.
The exchanges and FINRA, which also is one of the six bidders, will govern the limited liability company after the winning bidder is selected. The winner will be chosen within two months of the SEC's approval of the plan to roll out the CAT.
The database, which will track and store 58 billion records of orders, executions and quotations for equities and options markets on a daily basis, will be the largest in the financial services industry, topped only by U.S. government entities.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Why ABC Family is a leader in LGBT inclusion on televisionGlass
October 2, 2014
ABC Family is known for teen drama, implausible murder mysteries…and LGBT inclusion? The network earned an “Excellent” rating from GLAAD in a report released this week  (pdf, page 24) on the prevalence and treatment of LGBT characters on American cable and broadcast television.
Out of 147.5 hours of original programming on ABC Family in the 2013-2014 season, 62.5 hours—42%—featured LGBT characters or story lines. The teen-targeted network has been including LGBT characters in its original narratives for at least eight years. Greek, a 2007 show about fraternity and sorority life, featured a gay black student who had relationships throughout the series, including with another fraternity member. A side plot in the first season of Pretty Little Liars was the coming out of a lesbian character, and since then her relationships have carried on without much comment about her sexuality.
Then came The Fosters, a show in its second season that centers around an interracial lesbian couple raising a family that includes foster children. It’s responsible for many of the LGBT-inclusive hours on ABC Family, and has been praised as one of the best shows on television featuring LGBT families.
“Their version of family that they have presented … is very indicative of a lot of LGBT families and how they live their lives,” says Matt Kane, GLAAD director of entertainment media.
The Fosters and Pretty Little Liars also include parts of the community that other networks don’t—in the 2014-2015 television season, 69% of the LGBT characters in  the primetime shows that GLAAD studied are white, and 56% are men. On ABC Family, 90% of the LGBT-inclusive hours in 2013-14 featured lesbian characters, and The Fosters also includes a transgender teen character played by a transgender actor.
There was a time when the “family” part of “ABC Family” might have required that LGBT people be kept off the screen—people equated an LGBT storyline with an mature or adult audience, Kane tells Quartz. But today, many young people recognize gay and lesbian relationships around them as normal. Disney-owned ABC Family is making a smart business decision by engaging this audience early, Kane says.
Shows like The Fosters reflect an attitude toward diversity that aids in storytelling—the premise includes diversity and that diversity informs the depth of the story.
Plus, as New Yorker TV critic Emily Nussbaum notes : “‘The Fosters‘ is a perfect example of why it makes sense to bake diversity into the premise of a TV show—once it’s there, you don’t have to add it later, through romantic interests or a “diverse” plot in Season 3, as many cable dramas have done.”
Of the networks that GLAAD analyzed (which did not include online studios Amazon and Netflix ), MTV and HBO also received “Excellent” marks. MTV, like ABC Family, has made LGBT characters part of the fabric of many shows, and HBO is in the middle of the list in terms of hours featuring LGBT characters, but the programming—especially  The Normal Heart —told stories extremely important to the community. (Though FX appears high on the list of networks that feature LGBT characters, the report points out that in many cases, their jokes and premises cross the line from provocative to offensive.)
Share this:

In Hong Kongs protests  technology is a battlefieldIn Hong Kong’s protests, technology is a battlefield
Written by
Andrew Lih Associate professor of journalism, American University
October 2, 2014
We all shine on.(Reuters/Carlos Barria)
SHARE
Andrew Lih Associate professor of journalism, American University
Obsession
The Future of Hong Kong
October 2, 2014
It was an image that fascinated the world—a sea of lights coming from thousands of Hong Kong protesters waving their lit up mobile phones in the darkness. That’s what you get from a city that averages more than two mobile phones per person.
Occupy Central, aka the Umbrella Revolution, may be the most high-tech protest ever, using wireless broadband, multimedia smartphones, drone film making, mobile video projectors, and live streaming video to communicate and to broadcast their cause to the entire world in real time. The victor in this conflict will be determined by who holds the streets, and who rules the digital space.
This dynamic has energized an unprecedented public relations offensive that tech savvy protestors have used to creative ends. In one effort, messages left by the public on a web page  are displayed over 8 meters tall on the wall of a government building, courtesy of a high-powered video projector erected in the heart of the protest area.
Cardboard signs meet social media
While the world marvels at the spectacle of the protest, we must guard against tech-euphoria. Facebook didn’t solve everything in the Arab Spring protests and hashtag activism is all too often a feel-good exercise with limited, or no, results. Lokman Tsui, a professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong and an ex-Google employee, notes the most powerful messaging medium at the protests is still a cardboard sign scribbled on by markers. But those handmade artifacts of protest have been globally amplified by social media platforms, inspiring others to hold mini-rallies in cities around the world in solidarity.
There are high stakes here. The Tiananmen crackdown of June 4, 1989 is never far from peoples’ minds, resulting in remarkable message discipline among the demonstrators, who are focused on leadership change and universal suffrage, while avoiding any talk of independence or secession. Most of the communications coordination happens through electronic and social media over wireless networks that have allowed the leaderless movement to spread while still staying on target. A key to the extensive media coverage is that press operations are unfettered in Hong Kong. There is no media blackout and no Great Firewall of China here, as Hong Kong is connected to the outside world through a commercially competitive and decentralized telecommunications infrastructure.
In the rest of China, however, it’s a different situation. By an edict from the Beijing authorities, popular social networks like Weibo and WeChat have been systematically filtering and banning coverage of the protests. Instagram was completely blocked in mainland China shortly after the demonstrations.
The legacy of Hong Kong’s tech push
The city’s ambitions in the dot-com 1990s to be a multimedia and creative hub has yielded unexpected collateral benefits. The push to be a top technology center in Asia and the establishment of game design and computer animation studios created many competent computer coders. That allowed for collectives of programmers to form, such as Code4HK, whose motto is “Drive social change by code.” The hacktivist group has created an online portal to help demonstrators keep track of protest locations, organize logistics, and provide video streams.
The Hong Kong government’s technology efforts also fostered world-class mobile data networks that cover subways, tunnels, and every nook of the city. Wireless dead zones are a rarity. As a result, Hong Kong boasts one of the highest rates of smartphone penetration—currently over 85%—which has resulted in widespread adoption of Instagram, Facebook, and WhatsApp as message sharing platforms.
With an overall mobile subscription rate of 237%, there is no other place on earth quite like Hong Kong. That’s not a typo—on average there are more than two mobile subscriptions per person. It’s not unusual for a taxi cab driver to have at least three phones—one for work, one for family, and several for betting on horse racing. Hong Kongers are used to being connected, several times over.
However, packing thousands of people shoulder to shoulder in a protest can overwhelm even the best mobile data networks. Cutting edge technologies such as peer-to-peer mesh networking allow phones to utilize Bluetooth and Wifi networking to message others in their immediate vicinity, without needing an Internet connection. FireChat is the most popular app of this type, and has seen a record 200,000 downloads in Hong Kong alone, putting powerful and scalable mass messaging on peoples’ handheld devices.
Cyber shenanigans emerge
The importance of mobile is perhaps why we have seen concerted efforts to compromise the distributed mobile citizenry through malicious software and “trojan horse” apps. In September, bogus messages purporting to be from trusted sources asked people to, “Check out this Android app designed by Code4HK for the coordination of OCCUPY CENTRAL!” Clicking the link resulted in eavesdropping malware being installed on the victim’s device. A version that infected iOS was also found to be in the wild, which could compromise “jailbroken”Apple devices. While there have not been reports of widespread infection, it does foreshadow significant cyber-skirmishes in the future, pitting the government against citizens in a battle of bits.
Many regional experts feel the protest stalemate is now unlikely to result in a violent end as in 1989. The Hong Kong police force of roughly 30,000 is no match for the hundreds of thousands flooding the streets, and the People’s Liberation Army garrison in Hong Kong is even smaller. The edict from Beijing has already come down to wait out the protesters and resolve issues without violence.
That’s good news. But that turns the confrontation into an information war rather than one conducted with guns and bullets. Digital devices will be the battleground. Misinformation and digital infiltration may become critical parts of the Beijing’s tactics to defuse the protesters or breed internal conflict among the organizers.
Who will prevail?
Hong Kong is one most technologically-adept cities in the world; the authorities in China are sophisticated purveyors of online information warfare. But in the current scenario Beijing is at a distinct disadvantage. Unlike in the mainland, the government does not control the routers and cables, or the institutional and infrastructural chokepoints of the network. And what we’re already seeing on Hong Kong’s streets is an amazing display of what unfettered, disciplined, and intelligent crowds can accomplish.
One thing is clear: whoever dominates the digital domain will control the eventual outcome—whether it takes a week, or a generation.
Share this:

Coal Ministry seeks clarification from Law Ministry on blocksCoal Ministry seeks clarification from Law Ministry on blocks
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 2:  
In light of the apex court's observations, the Coal Ministry has sought clarifications from the Law Ministry on various issues, including whether the mines can be allotted to State PSUs and new end-use plants.
The development follows the Supreme Court quashing allocation of 214 coal blocks allotted to various companies since 1993.
"In the light of the observations of the Supreme Court, the Ministry of Coal has sought clarifications from the Ministry of Law on issues (under the amended provisions of the MMDR Act, 1957) including whether allocation of coal blocks can be made for the purpose of mining to a State PSU or PSU of the State Government," a source said.
The source further said clarifications have also been sought on whether coal blocks can be allocated jointly to more than one company or to a consortium of two or four entities engaged in the business of end-uses for existing and operational end-use plants and whether mines can be allotted to new end-use plants as they may not be engaged in the business of end-uses at the time of allotment.
The Supreme Court had last month quashed allocation of 214 of 218 coal blocks allotted to various companies since 1993, terming it as "fatally flawed" and allowed the Centre to take over operation of 42 such blocks which are functional.
The apex court said the beneficiaries of the illegal process "must suffer" the consequences and refused to show sympathy to private companies which submitted that Rs 2.87 lakh crore has been invested in 157 coal blocks and Rs 4 lakh crore in end-use plants.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related
SC quashes allocation of 214 coal blocks allotted since 1993
TOPICS

Gadkari says Sena-BJP bonded by Hindutva  does not rule out post-poll alliance in MaharashtraOn taking support of NCP-Congress after the elections as an expediency, Gadkari said, 'We will get majority. No ifs and buts.' (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Pune | Posted: October 2, 2014 3:31 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 4:02 pm
In an indication of a possible post-poll understanding with Shiv Sena, Union Minister Nitin Gadkari has said that BJP could consider joining hands again with its estranged ally if the situation so demanded.
Describing breaking of the 25-year-long saffron alliance in Maharashtra as most “unfortunate and painful,” Gadkari, when asked about a post poll tie-up (in a hung Assembly scenario) with the Sena, said, “If the situation arises, we can certainly think of that. Shiv Sena has been our ally bound together on the base of Hindutva.”
Stating that there is “bitterness” about the Sena in BJP, he said, “We have the same amount of love for Bal Thackeray as we have for Atalji.” “Our Parliamentary Board will consider these issues if necessary,” he added.
When asked whether BJP would consider taking support of NCP-Congress after the elections as an expediency, Gadkari said, “We will get majority. No ifs and buts.”
The lone Sena member of NDA Cabinet Anant Geete need not resign and nobody from BJP has asked him to step down, he told a Marathi news channel.
Meanwhile, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray attacked BJP saying it “used” the Sena to capture power in Delhi and broke the alliance afterwards for the Maharashtra elections.
Recalling the late Pramod Mahajan and Gopinath Munde’s role in keeping the saffron alliance intact over the years, he said, “These BJP leaders never pushed things to the breaking point.”
“Now for today’s BJP leaders, it has become a game of chess,” he said.
Thackeray, addressing a meeting at Parbhani in the state’s Marathwada region last night, also ridiculed BJP’s slogan which seeks blessings of Shiv Chhatrapati saying that the party never even celebrated Shivjayanti.

iPhone 6 selling for about Rs 56 000 in IndiaiPhone 6 selling at starting price of about Rs 56,000 in India
By PTI | 2 Oct, 2014, 04.22PM IST
A vendor at EBay is offering iPhone 6 for about Rs 55,954 and promising October 8 as estimated time to deliver the product without any extra shipping cost.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Vendors through e-commerce have starting offering premium smartphone iPhone 6 at price starting from around Rs 56,000 for which official launch date and other details are yet to be announced by company.
A vendor at EBay is offering iPhone 6 for about Rs 55,954 and promising October 8 as estimated time to deliver the product without any extra shipping cost.
Another vendor on ShopClues.com in a mailer shared price of iPhone 6 16 GB with 4.7 inch screen size at Rs 59,999. The e-commerce firm is charging Rs 149 as shipping cost and promising on its website to deliver product by October 8.
Apple unveiled these phone on September 9 and reports have speculated that Apple may officially start selling iPhone 6 series in India from mid-October or early November.
Amazon website showed that iPhone 6 is selling for around USD 750, including shipping cost, in US which amounts to about Rs 46,000.
Vendors at E-bay have also started pre-booking iPhone 6 Plus which has 5.5 inch screen for price starting around Rs 77,000.
Both iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus come with 8 megapixel camera and 1.2 Mp front camera. Both these phones support 2G, 3G and 4G network. They in three versions in terms of storage: 16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB.
Compared to a thickness of 7.6 mm of iPhone 5S, the sixth generation has a thickness of 6.9 mm (iPhone 6) and 7.1 mm (iPhone 6 Plus), respectively.
According to research firm IDC, Samsung is the market leader with 25.2 per cent share of the global smartphone market, followed by Apple (11.9 per cent) and Huawei (6.9 per cent) during the second quarter of 2014.
A total of 295.3 million smartphones were shipped in the April-June 2014 quarter, up 23.1 per cent from 240 million in the same period last year.
Shop Clues declined to comment while no comments were received from Apple and EBay.

Dominos UK sales strengthenDomino’s Pizza gains from UK recovery
By John Aglionby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7020c65c-4a08-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Prime Minister Narendra Modi launches Mission Swachh BharatPrime Minister Narendra Modi launches Mission Swachh Bharat
OCA reinstates Sarita s bronze after a hearingOCA reinstates Sarita s bronze after a hearing
Subrata moved back to jail; office privileges withdrawnSubrata moved back to jail; office privileges withdrawn
Film Review | Bang Bang!Film Review | Bang Bang!
Priyanka Chopra accepts PMs Clean India Campaign invitePriyanka Chopra accepts PM’s ‘Clean India Campaign’ invite
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 2:  
Actress Priyanka Chopra has accepted Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s invite to clean public places as a part of his ‘Swachh Bharat Mission’.
Modi today appealed to people to dedicate 100 hours a year towards cleanliness, and as a part of which he also invited Bollywood stars Salman Khan and Kamal Haasan to help clean public places.
Priyanka took to Twitter to show her support for the PM’s cleanliness drive. “I humbly accept respected Prime Minster Narendra Modiji’s challenge. This is an idea that is long overdue CleanIndiaCampaign.”
The ‘Mary Kom’ actress also encouraged her fans to contribute towards the mission.
“If we don’t get involved and support this campaign, nothing can happen. But if we come together we can make a difference. Every action we take will be important. I want to make the change. I want a clean India. It’s time to clean up our act,” she wrote on her Twitter page.
Bollywood superstar Aamir Khan also joined Modi’s mission by taking the pledge with him at India Gate to thousands of people, including schools children and Government employees at Rajpath for remaining committed to cleanliness to make the country clean.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

NSE extends deadline for providing client details to Oct 10NSE extends deadline for providing client details to Oct 10
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 2:  
National Stock Exchange (NSE) has asked its trading members to provide mobile numbers and e-mail addresses of their clients by October 10 to facilitate dissemination of instant trade alerts.
This is the second extension given by the NSE. “The last date for uploading of client funding file for the month of September 2014 is extended to October 10, 2014,” NSE said in a circular.
Earlier, NSE had kept this deadline at August 19. In case of investors who do not have mobile number or e mail address, the broker is required to obtain a declaration from them and report the same in the Unique Client Code (USC) online.
For newly registered clients and those existing ones who have not traded in the current fiscal, the trading member should collect e-mail address and mobile number or declaration before executing any fresh transaction.
With an aim to reduce the number of investor complaints relating to unauthorised trading and to safeguard members’ own interest, stock exchanges provide details of the transactions to all investors through mails and SMSs whose e-mail address and mobile numbers are updated by the trading members in UCI online.
In 2012, SEBI had asked exchanges to send SMS/e-mail alerts to every retail investor for all transactions in their names in a day.
The move followed complaints against brokers and other market entities conducting transactions through accounts of their clients without the knowledge of the investor concerned.
The market regulator had first proposed such a facility to alert investors about trades being conducted in their accounts in August 2011.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Govt to issue final notification on e-rickshaws next week: MinistryGovt to issue final notification on e-rickshaws next week: Ministry
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 2:  
The Centre will next week notify the new rules for plying of e-rickshaws that would include mandatory driving licence and a maximum speed limit of 25 km per hour.
“The new Central Vehicles Rules 2014 will be notified next week”, a senior official of Road Transport and Highways Ministry said here today.
Paving the way for plying of “special purpose battery operated vehicles”, the new rules provides that e-rickshaw will be allowed to carry four passengers and 40 kg luggage while e-carts would transport goods up to 310 kg.
The Delhi High Court had on July 31 banned plying of e-rickshaws on the roads of the national capital saying “prima facie they are a hazard to other traffic as well as citizens“.
The official said the new rules would be notified soon after Dusshera holidays.
“E-rickshaw means a special purpose battery operated vehicle having three wheels and intended to provide last mile connectivity for transport of passengers for hire or reward, provided such vehicle is constructed or adapted to carry not more than four passengers, excluding the driver, and not more than 40 kgs luggage in total; the net power of its motor is not more than 2000 W and the maximum speed of the vehicle is not more than 25 kilometre per hour,” the new rules said.
It said such vehicle should be constructed or adapted for carrying goods by providing a separate load body or compartment with the maximum weight of three hundred and ten kilograms in addition to driver.
The Centre has also made driving licences mandatory for both the battery operated vehicles.
“Every driving licence issued or renewed by a licensing authority to drive an E-rickshaw or E-cart shall be valid for a period of not more than three years from the date of issue, as the case may be, or till the validity of the driving licence, whichever is earlier,” the final draft issued by Joint Secretary, Transport, Sanjay Bandopadhyaya said.
The rule vetted by the Law Ministry has also included provisions for fitness certificate for the vehicles which will be periodically examined before certificates are issued.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Hong Kong protesters are so freaking niceHong Kong protesters are so freaking nice
By Charles Riley   @CRrileyCNN October 1, 2014: 9:56 AM ET
 
Hong Kong protesters: young and rebellious
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Big demonstrations are always a little uncomfortable. Trash piles up, personal space is non-existent and bathrooms are in short supply.
Add the threat of tear gas, pepper spray or the sting of a police baton, and political protests can often make for angry crowds.
Not so in Hong Kong, where protesters will help you over a police barricade, recycle your water bottle, ply you with fruit, and never forget to say please and thank you.
It's tough to say for sure, but the pro-democracy demonstrators of the "Umbrella Revolution" might just be the world's nicest protesters.
The crowds camping out across Hong Kong have already set up a recycling system, and teenagers can be seen sorting through rubbish at every protest site. On Twitter, there are even photos of kids helping the trash man load his truck.
Some protesters have set about distributing food and water. Others are handing out face masks to help protect against tear gas, and grandmothers offer surplus umbrellas. In the local parks, protesters stick to sidewalks and don't trample the grass.
They are efficient, and unfailingly polite.
This reporter was told to "have a nice day" at least four times an hour.
High school students, still in their uniforms, pass out water in Admiralty.
Why are they so nice? Hong Kong has a long history of peaceful protest, and many of the students and young workers now speaking out in favor of free elections would have spent their childhoods attending annual July 1 marches, which are typically used to express dissatisfaction with Beijing.
And the city state is generally a polite and orderly society. People line up for buses and give up their seats to the elderly. Social harmony is a priority and violent crime is exceedingly rare.
Pro-democracy protesters work to gather and distribute supplies in Mongkok.
These values stand out even more in the wake of heavy-handed action by police on Sunday. After declaring the protests illegal, police fired volley after volley of tear gas at protesters, but failed to disperse them.
Many Hong Kong residents were shocked at the police action. But tensions have since eased considerably, and riot police have been pulled off the streets.
There are other signs of healing. After a thunderstorm rolled through on Tuesday evening, images surfaced of protesters sharing their umbrellas with police officers -- the same umbrellas that only two days earlier had been used to protect against pepper spray.
First Published: October 1, 2014: 4:42 AM ET
Most Popular

Gold price rises on festive buying  weak rupeeGold price rises on festive buying, weak rupee
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 17:36 IST
Continuing its rising streak for the third day, gold prices advanced by Rs 130 to Rs 27,470 per ten grams in the national capital on Wednesday on increased buying by jewellers and retailers amid ongoing festive season even as the metal weakened overseas.
Silver, however, met with resistance and dropped by Rs 1,050 to Rs 38,650 per kg on reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Marketmen said steady inflow of buying by jewellers and retailers, triggered by ongoing festive season and a weakening rupee against the dollar that made imports costlier, mainly influenced gold prices.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity rose by Rs 130 each to Rs 27,470 and Rs 27,270 per ten grams, respectively. It had gained Rs 110 in previous two days.
Globally, gold fell 0.24 per cent to $1205.80 an ounce in London.
Sovereign, however, held steady at Rs 24,200 per piece of eight grams in limited deals.
On the other hand, silver ready plunged by Rs 1,050 to Rs 38,650 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 1,025 to Rs 38,170 per kg. It had gained Rs 165 in last two sessions.
Silver coins, however, plummeted by Rs 2,000 to Rs 68,000 for buying and Rs 79,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

ICCI Bank Launches  Easy NRI AccountRBI Issues Clarification on Credit Cards
Dubai: ICICI Bank has launched a special account for the non-resident Indians in the Middle East, allowing them for easy remittances without worrying about minimum balance maintenance.
'Easy NRI Account' has been designed with an objective to simplify the banking experience. With a low monthly average balance requirement of just Rs 2,000, the account also offers nil charges for the non-maintenance of minimum balance, as long as the customer has remitted a sum of Rs 20,000 to the account over the preceding three months, thus allowing the customers for easy remittances without worrying about minimum balance maintenance.
"Our experience of serving 1.5 million NRI customers for over a decade has helped us gain valuable insights into their lives. These insights have led to the development of the 'Easy NRI Account'.
"We are confident that this product will enable our customers to carry out their day-to-day banking transactions as well as remittances in a simple and hassle free manner," Rajiv Sabharwal, Executive Director, ICICI Bank said.
For people who are more comfortable monitoring their account activity through passbooks, 'Easy NRI Account' issues a passbook to every account holder that can be updated by simply visiting any of ICICI Bank's over 3,600 branches in India.
Recurring deposits starting from as low as Rs 500 have also been enabled, encouraging the NRI customers to save easily and automatically.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 16:51 (IST)

Banks pull out of dozens of benchmarks© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3bc3d088-494b-11e4-9d7e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

AirAsia Considers Flying Into Dubai: Group CEORoyal Enfield on Expansion Mode, to Set Up Third Plant
Dubai: AirAsia Bhd, Asia's largest budget airline by passengers, is in talks with the Dubai authorities to start flying into the emirate, group chief executive Tony Fernandes has said.
The Malaysian airline has expanded this year - launching a budget airline in Japan, starting operations in India, and revving up growth in Thailand, Indonesia and the Philippines - but has so far stayed out of the Gulf states.
AirAsia is now looking to connect the emirate, one of seven in the United Arab Emirates, with Southeast Asia, Mr Fernandes told reporters on the sidelines of a conference on Wednesday.
"We've had some great meetings today about flying into Dubai and we see a lot of strategic relationships," he said. "I can bring a whole new market that emirates don't get and supplement the Dubai economy."
The airline flies to more than 20 countries in the Asia-Pacific region, according to its website.
The company's net profit jumped more than six-fold in the second quarter, helped in part by higher passenger numbers.
Mr Fernandes said there was no true budget airline in Dubai, where state-owned Emirates Airline and Flydubai dominate.
Flydubai brands itself as a no-frills low-cost airline but controls only a small part of the market. The company operates a fleet of 30 aircraft, compared with Emirates 200. AirAsia has a fleet of about 180, Mr Fernandes said.
He said he was not currently looking to set up an affiliate in Dubai, but it could be a possibility in the future.
"Would I ever do an AirAsia Dubai? Absolutely."
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Coal block cancellations could trigger reforms  says S&PHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Coal block cancellations could trigger reforms, says S&P
Our Bureau
Better environment Transparent allocation will enhance profitability
Believes Government could extend policy transparency to iron ore, bauxite mining
Mumbai, October 1:  
The recent cancellation of coal block allocations by the apex court provides an opportunity for the government to reform the process of awarding coal mines in the country, according to Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services.
“The Supreme Court ruling could lead to an improvement in the process being adopted for allocating coal mines and boost the supply of coal in a country that faces a severe shortage of the fuel,” said Standard & Poor’s credit analyst Mehul Sukkawala.
“We believe the cancellation of coal blocks increases near-term uncertainty for the operations and investment plans of companies that were either allocated the mines or were expecting to source coal from them. It could also hurt, the significantly improved, investor sentiment in India following the change in the government earlier this year,” said Sukkawala.
Investor confidence
S&P believes a transparent allocation policy would play an important role in determining the profitability and strategy of coal consuming companies. This, combined with a streamlined process for getting environmental clearances and approvals for land acquisition, would give these companies the confidence to invest and revive their long-pending projects.
A transparent process to allocate coalmines is likely to involve an auction, just as the government did for the telecom spectrum. The Government could also extend the solution for coal miners to the mining of iron ore, bauxite and other minerals. Doing so could help the country take a big step towards resolving issues plaguing the mining sector for the past few years, the report added.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Russia to beef up internet securityRussia outlines plans to beef up internet security
By Kathrin Hille in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d27938c0-4977-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Investments boost EYs UK armEY’s UK arm benefits from investments during financial crisis
By Harriet Agnew, City Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3862e0b4-4950-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wickr butts into conversation on Wall St chatroomWickr butts into conversation on Wall St chatroom
By Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0de4ae50-2a36-11e4-8139-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cyber attacks  banking on safety© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/179419a8-2c71-11e4-8eda-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Argentina s central bank has resignedArgentina central bank governor resigns amid economic woes
Argentina is in the midst of an economic and debt crisis
Hedge funds condemned over Argentina
Argentina's central bank governor Juan Carlos Fabrega has resigned after less than a year in office.
He will be replaced by Alejandro Vanoli, who analysts say is more in tune with the economic policies of President Cristina Fernandez.
Argentina is facing a raft of economic problems including high inflation at around 40% and a row with US creditors which has sparked a debt default.
Shares earlier fell 8.2% amid fears the governor was poised to resign.
Mr Fabrega had presided over an 18% devaluation of the peso in January this year.
He had also spoken out against the government's heavy fiscal spending and advocated tougher measures to curb inflation.
Mr Vanoli, who is set to replace him, is currently the head of the National Securities Commission, the regulatory agency for stocks and other securities.
Hedge funds
Argentina, which is Latin America's third-largest economy, is battling to avoid paying its bond creditors in full.
A US court has ordered it to stop paying interest to those creditors who agreed to take a cut in the amount they were owed in order to receive at least some money back.
Other creditors, two US hedge funds, took to court to force the country to pay them in full, something the country could not afford to do, as it is required by law to treat all its creditors equally.
The central bank's reserves have fallen sharply, from $50bn in 2011 to $28bn.
This week, Argentina deposited $161m (£99m) in bond interest payments with the state-controlled Nacion Fideicomisos bank, in an effort to skirt the US court rulings.
The country had previously kept its funds with US-controlled Bank of New York Mellon.
Also this week, a US judge ruled Argentina to be in "contempt of court".
Argentina has been trying to repay the holders of its debt from when the country defaulted in 2001.
The majority of those bond holders have agreed to lower payments as a result of Argentina's bankruptcy.
However, two hedge funds - NML Capital and Aurelius Capital Management - have demanded full repayment of the $1.5bn (£920m) they are owed, and have sued to prevent the country from paying back only its restructured bonds.
More on This Story
26 SEPTEMBER 2014, LATIN AMERICA & CARIBBEAN
From other news sites
 
08:13: Aviva/Friends Life deal BBC Radio 4
"I think predominately its a financial transaction from an Aviva perspective," David Cumming, head of equities at Standard Life, tells Today . He's talking about the proposed merger between Friends Life and the UK insurance giant. He says Aviva has seen an opportunity to make money and cut costs through the deal. Friends worked out the government's reforms of pensions put it in a weak position in the annuities market, which had been responsible for a lot of recent growth, he adds.
 
 
08:06: Sanctions hit Russia
Russia is losing $40bn a year due to economic sanctions imposed by Western governments in response to the Ukraine crisis, and up to $100bn a year because of falling oil prices, the country's finance minister, Anton Siluanov, has said.
 
 
08:00: Spanish bonds
Investors seem happy with the strident tone taken by Mario Draghi, the president of the European Central Bank, on battling deflation in the eurozone. The yield on Spanish 10-year bonds have fallen below 2% for the first time - although they have been dropping steadily all year, as the chart above shows.
 
 
07:49: Petrofac outlook
The effects of falling oil prices are being felt at oil and gas giant Petrofac. The company says it expects a $500m net profit in 2015 - much lower than analysts' estimates. "The foundations of the business remain strong," insists chief executive Ayman Asfari.
 
 
07:34: Insurance company restrictions
Insurance companies in the UK will be banned from covering the cost of terrorist ransoms, under new anti-terror legislation to be announced by the home secretary, Theresa May, later today. The government says paying ransoms encourages kidnapping and it says Islamic State militants are taking hostages to fund their operations.
 
 
Via Twitter Adam Parsons Business Correspondent
tweets: "Turns out @LewisHamilton DOES still have TWO allocated parking spaces at Asda Stevenage. But the paint's faded a bit..."
 
 
07:15: Europe exit call BBC Radio 4
Former environment secretary, Owen Paterson, is to call on the prime minister to renegotiate the UK's membership of the common agricultural policy and negotiate a new free trade agreement with the European Union. He will tell business leaders the UK could flourish economically outside the EU. He is also expected to call on the government to give two year's notice of its intention to quit the EU.
 
 
07:00: Royal Bank of Scotland BBC Radio 4
Late on Friday, Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) shares fell 4% after it admitted it had overstated its financial strength as part of the European Central Bank's stress tests. David Cumming, head of UK equities at Standard Life, tells the Today programme that "it's an embarrassing mistake". But, he adds: "Ironically, RBS has one of the best capital ratio positions of the UK banks now, so there's nothing from a customers point of view to worry about".
 
 
06:50: Food producers' woes Radio 5 live
It's like "removing nutrients from a plant," says Mr Swift of the squeeze on food producers. "Ultimately it will wither, and it may well die". He says the pressure on their profit margins leaves the firms "less able to deal with shocks." It is not the fixed prices for their goods that is hurting, he says, but the demand by supermarkets for suppliers to contribute to the cost of in-store advertising, promotions, or even refurbishment.
 
 
06:41: Food producers' woes Radio 5 live
Duncan Swift, who works for the accountants behind the food producers report, Moore Stephens - tells Wake Up to Money that the supermarkets are "removing the blanket" of money that allows food suppliers to pay their own suppliers, and to pay their staff a decent wage. It also means that food producers have no money to invest in new products, he says.
 
 
06:39: Chinese interest rates
China's leadership and central bank are ready to cut interest rates again and loosen lending restrictions, over concerns that falling prices could trigger a surge in debt defaults, business failures and job losses, according to a report from Reuters. The People's Bank of China is also open to the idea of cutting the banking industry's reserve requirement ratio (RRR), which effectively restricts the amount of money available to fund loans.
 
 
06:24: Food producers' woes
There's no doubt that customers are winning in the supermarkets' price war, which is pushing prices ever lower, but one industry is really feeling the pinch . A record number of small food suppliers are going out of business, according to a large accountancy firm, because big retailers are pressurising them to sell their wares more cheaply, which is eating into their profit margins.
 
 
06:14: Lewis Hamilton Radio 5 live
Our colleagues at Wake Up to Money have managed to find a business-related Lewis Hamilton anecdote. Apparently, the double F1 world champion ( as of this weekend ), was once awarded with a dedicated parking space at his local Asda supermarket.
 
 
06:03: Asian markets
Asia's main markets are all up this morning, buoyed by Friday's unexpected rate cut by China's central bank, which has sparked hopes of more action to combat the country's slowing economy. The European Central Bank's vow to fight deflation has also brought cheer to investors. The Hang Seng is up almost 2% at 23,898.34 and the Shanghai Composite is up 2.2% at 2,541.54. The Nikkei is closed for a public holiday.
 
 
06:01: Matthew West Business Reporter
Morning folks. As always you can get in touch via email to bizlivepage@bbc.co.uk and on Twitter @bbcbusiness .
 
 
06:01: Joe Miller Business Reporter
Morning. There's a lot of news around today, but lets start with the Royal Bank of Scotland. The bank - still 80% owned by the taxpayer - has apologised for repeatedly giving incorrect evidence to a parliamentary hearing . The evidence concerned its controversial Global Restructuring Group, which handles the bank's loans to companies considered to be a possible risk. It was accused of killing off viable businesses.
 

There were sharp losses for US shares 
08:13: Aviva/Friends Life deal BBC Radio 4
"I think predominately its a financial transaction from an Aviva perspective," David Cumming, head of equities at Standard Life, tells Today . He's talking about the proposed merger between Friends Life and the UK insurance giant. He says Aviva has seen an opportunity to make money and cut costs through the deal. Friends worked out the government's reforms of pensions put it in a weak position in the annuities market, which had been responsible for a lot of recent growth, he adds.
 
 
08:06: Sanctions hit Russia
Russia is losing $40bn a year due to economic sanctions imposed by Western governments in response to the Ukraine crisis, and up to $100bn a year because of falling oil prices, the country's finance minister, Anton Siluanov, has said.
 
 
08:00: Spanish bonds
Investors seem happy with the strident tone taken by Mario Draghi, the president of the European Central Bank, on battling deflation in the eurozone. The yield on Spanish 10-year bonds have fallen below 2% for the first time - although they have been dropping steadily all year, as the chart above shows.
 
 
07:49: Petrofac outlook
The effects of falling oil prices are being felt at oil and gas giant Petrofac. The company says it expects a $500m net profit in 2015 - much lower than analysts' estimates. "The foundations of the business remain strong," insists chief executive Ayman Asfari.
 
 
07:34: Insurance company restrictions
Insurance companies in the UK will be banned from covering the cost of terrorist ransoms, under new anti-terror legislation to be announced by the home secretary, Theresa May, later today. The government says paying ransoms encourages kidnapping and it says Islamic State militants are taking hostages to fund their operations.
 
 
Via Twitter Adam Parsons Business Correspondent
tweets: "Turns out @LewisHamilton DOES still have TWO allocated parking spaces at Asda Stevenage. But the paint's faded a bit..."
 
 
07:15: Europe exit call BBC Radio 4
Former environment secretary, Owen Paterson, is to call on the prime minister to renegotiate the UK's membership of the common agricultural policy and negotiate a new free trade agreement with the European Union. He will tell business leaders the UK could flourish economically outside the EU. He is also expected to call on the government to give two year's notice of its intention to quit the EU.
 
 
07:00: Royal Bank of Scotland BBC Radio 4
Late on Friday, Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) shares fell 4% after it admitted it had overstated its financial strength as part of the European Central Bank's stress tests. David Cumming, head of UK equities at Standard Life, tells the Today programme that "it's an embarrassing mistake". But, he adds: "Ironically, RBS has one of the best capital ratio positions of the UK banks now, so there's nothing from a customers point of view to worry about".
 
 
06:50: Food producers' woes Radio 5 live
It's like "removing nutrients from a plant," says Mr Swift of the squeeze on food producers. "Ultimately it will wither, and it may well die". He says the pressure on their profit margins leaves the firms "less able to deal with shocks." It is not the fixed prices for their goods that is hurting, he says, but the demand by supermarkets for suppliers to contribute to the cost of in-store advertising, promotions, or even refurbishment.
 
 
06:41: Food producers' woes Radio 5 live
Duncan Swift, who works for the accountants behind the food producers report, Moore Stephens - tells Wake Up to Money that the supermarkets are "removing the blanket" of money that allows food suppliers to pay their own suppliers, and to pay their staff a decent wage. It also means that food producers have no money to invest in new products, he says.
 
 
06:39: Chinese interest rates
China's leadership and central bank are ready to cut interest rates again and loosen lending restrictions, over concerns that falling prices could trigger a surge in debt defaults, business failures and job losses, according to a report from Reuters. The People's Bank of China is also open to the idea of cutting the banking industry's reserve requirement ratio (RRR), which effectively restricts the amount of money available to fund loans.
 
 
06:24: Food producers' woes
There's no doubt that customers are winning in the supermarkets' price war, which is pushing prices ever lower, but one industry is really feeling the pinch . A record number of small food suppliers are going out of business, according to a large accountancy firm, because big retailers are pressurising them to sell their wares more cheaply, which is eating into their profit margins.
 
 
06:14: Lewis Hamilton Radio 5 live
Our colleagues at Wake Up to Money have managed to find a business-related Lewis Hamilton anecdote. Apparently, the double F1 world champion ( as of this weekend ), was once awarded with a dedicated parking space at his local Asda supermarket.
 
 
06:03: Asian markets
Asia's main markets are all up this morning, buoyed by Friday's unexpected rate cut by China's central bank, which has sparked hopes of more action to combat the country's slowing economy. The European Central Bank's vow to fight deflation has also brought cheer to investors. The Hang Seng is up almost 2% at 23,898.34 and the Shanghai Composite is up 2.2% at 2,541.54. The Nikkei is closed for a public holiday.
 
 
06:01: Matthew West Business Reporter
Morning folks. As always you can get in touch via email to bizlivepage@bbc.co.uk and on Twitter @bbcbusiness .
 
 
06:01: Joe Miller Business Reporter
Morning. There's a lot of news around today, but lets start with the Royal Bank of Scotland. The bank - still 80% owned by the taxpayer - has apologised for repeatedly giving incorrect evidence to a parliamentary hearing . The evidence concerned its controversial Global Restructuring Group, which handles the bank's loans to companies considered to be a possible risk. It was accused of killing off viable businesses.
 

BJP on defensive over  goof-up  on D P Yadav sharing stage with Amit ShahBJP on defensive over 'goof-up' on D P Yadav sharing stage with Amit Shah
Express news service | New Delhi | Published:  Oct 02 2014, 09:23  IST
Oct 02 2014, 09:23  IST
 

Investors have taken 14.5bnPimco investors withdraw record sum after Gross departure
Famed money manager Bill Gross stunned the bond markets after he abruptly quit Pimco
Bond giant Pimco saw its investors withdraw a record $23.5bn (£14.5bn) in funds after its star manager Bill Gross abruptly left the company last month.
The redemptions were from Pimco's flagship Total Return bond fund, which is the world's largest.
Overall, the fund lost more than 10% of its assets in September.
Pimco said the outflows spiked in the hours after Mr Gross, its co-founder and former chief investment officer, resigned to join rival Janus Capital.
Pimco has been trying to soothe investor concerns and has unveiled three new managers at the Total Return fund.
Pimco moved to reassure investors it could cover the fund withdrawals: "The fund is well positioned to meet potential redemptions, and short-term cash management is an area of expertise and strength at Pimco," the company said in a statement.
Fund outflows
Competitors such as Vanguard and DoubleLine Funds have benefited from the problems at Pimco, which has huge holdings in assets such as US Treasury bonds and mortgage-backed securities.
They have attracted hundreds of millions of dollars from Pimco's departing investors, reflecting the sensitivity such funds have to management changes.
No reason has been given for Mohammed El-Erian's departure from Pimco
Pimco has seen 17 straight months of outflows following a bumpy stretch filled with management shake-ups and increased regulatory scrutiny.
It has seen an increase in redemptions since the US central bank announced plans to end its stimulus programme, known as quantitative easing, last year.
In January, Pimco's co-chief investment officer, Mohamed El-Erian, resigned amid reports of infighting.
Last week it was also revealed one of Pimco's funds is being investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission to see if it artificially boosted returns.
Pimco is a subsidiary of the German insurer Allianz and has nearly $2tn under management.
More on This Story
The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites
Share this page
 
08:16: Petrofac outlook
Investors are really unhappy with Petrofac's downgraded profits outlook (see 07:49). Shares are down a whopping 20% in early trading.
 
 
08:13: Aviva/Friends Life deal BBC Radio 4
"I think predominately its a financial transaction from an Aviva perspective," David Cumming, head of equities at Standard Life, tells Today . He's talking about the proposed merger between Friends Life and the UK insurance giant. He says Aviva has seen an opportunity to make money and cut costs through the deal. Friends worked out the government's reforms of pensions put it in a weak position in the annuities market, which had been responsible for a lot of recent growth, he adds.
 
 
08:06: Sanctions hit Russia
Russia is losing $40bn a year due to economic sanctions imposed by Western governments in response to the Ukraine crisis, and up to $100bn a year because of falling oil prices, the country's finance minister, Anton Siluanov, has said.
 
 
08:00: Spanish bonds
Investors seem happy with the strident tone taken by Mario Draghi, the president of the European Central Bank, on battling deflation in the eurozone. The yield on Spanish 10-year bonds have fallen below 2% for the first time - although they have been dropping steadily all year, as the chart above shows.
 
 
07:49: Petrofac outlook
The effects of falling oil prices are being felt at oil and gas giant Petrofac. The company says it expects a $500m net profit in 2015 - much lower than analysts' estimates. "The foundations of the business remain strong," insists chief executive Ayman Asfari.
 
 
07:34: Insurance company restrictions
Insurance companies in the UK will be banned from covering the cost of terrorist ransoms, under new anti-terror legislation to be announced by the home secretary, Theresa May, later today. The government says paying ransoms encourages kidnapping and it says Islamic State militants are taking hostages to fund their operations.
 
 
Via Twitter Adam Parsons Business Correspondent
tweets: "Turns out @LewisHamilton DOES still have TWO allocated parking spaces at Asda Stevenage. But the paint's faded a bit..."
 
 
07:15: Europe exit call BBC Radio 4
Former environment secretary, Owen Paterson, is to call on the prime minister to renegotiate the UK's membership of the common agricultural policy and negotiate a new free trade agreement with the European Union. He will tell business leaders the UK could flourish economically outside the EU. He is also expected to call on the government to give two year's notice of its intention to quit the EU.
 
 
07:00: Royal Bank of Scotland BBC Radio 4
Late on Friday, Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) shares fell 4% after it admitted it had overstated its financial strength as part of the European Central Bank's stress tests. David Cumming, head of UK equities at Standard Life, tells the Today programme that "it's an embarrassing mistake". But, he adds: "Ironically, RBS has one of the best capital ratio positions of the UK banks now, so there's nothing from a customers point of view to worry about".
 
 
06:50: Food producers' woes Radio 5 live
It's like "removing nutrients from a plant," says Mr Swift of the squeeze on food producers. "Ultimately it will wither, and it may well die". He says the pressure on their profit margins leaves the firms "less able to deal with shocks." It is not the fixed prices for their goods that is hurting, he says, but the demand by supermarkets for suppliers to contribute to the cost of in-store advertising, promotions, or even refurbishment.
 
 
06:41: Food producers' woes Radio 5 live
Duncan Swift, who works for the accountants behind the food producers report, Moore Stephens - tells Wake Up to Money that the supermarkets are "removing the blanket" of money that allows food suppliers to pay their own suppliers, and to pay their staff a decent wage. It also means that food producers have no money to invest in new products, he says.
 
 
06:39: Chinese interest rates
China's leadership and central bank are ready to cut interest rates again and loosen lending restrictions, over concerns that falling prices could trigger a surge in debt defaults, business failures and job losses, according to a report from Reuters. The People's Bank of China is also open to the idea of cutting the banking industry's reserve requirement ratio (RRR), which effectively restricts the amount of money available to fund loans.
 
 
06:24: Food producers' woes
There's no doubt that customers are winning in the supermarkets' price war, which is pushing prices ever lower, but one industry is really feeling the pinch . A record number of small food suppliers are going out of business, according to a large accountancy firm, because big retailers are pressurising them to sell their wares more cheaply, which is eating into their profit margins.
 
 
06:14: Lewis Hamilton Radio 5 live
Our colleagues at Wake Up to Money have managed to find a business-related Lewis Hamilton anecdote. Apparently, the double F1 world champion ( as of this weekend ), was once awarded with a dedicated parking space at his local Asda supermarket.
 
 
06:03: Asian markets
Asia's main markets are all up this morning, buoyed by Friday's unexpected rate cut by China's central bank, which has sparked hopes of more action to combat the country's slowing economy. The European Central Bank's vow to fight deflation has also brought cheer to investors. The Hang Seng is up almost 2% at 23,898.34 and the Shanghai Composite is up 2.2% at 2,541.54. The Nikkei is closed for a public holiday.
 
 
06:01: Matthew West Business Reporter
Morning folks. As always you can get in touch via email to bizlivepage@bbc.co.uk and on Twitter @bbcbusiness .
 
 
06:01: Joe Miller Business Reporter
Morning. There's a lot of news around today, but lets start with the Royal Bank of Scotland. The bank - still 80% owned by the taxpayer - has apologised for repeatedly giving incorrect evidence to a parliamentary hearing . The evidence concerned its controversial Global Restructuring Group, which handles the bank's loans to companies considered to be a possible risk. It was accused of killing off viable businesses.
 

Mortiz Kraemer @EthicalManAvailable:
2 days remaining
Thirty three years after his death, reggae legend Bob Marley is lending his name to a new product.  A Seattle-based private equity firm that invests in the marijuana industry has struck a deal with the estate of Bob Marley to launch a global cannabis brand.  Today programme business presenter Simon Jack spoke to chief executive of Privateer Holdings, Brendan Kennedy.
Terms of Use
The BBC Podcasts are for     your personal non-commercial use only.
All title, ownership rights and intellectual property rights in and to the BBC Podcasts shall     remain the property of the BBC or third parties. You may not edit,     alter, adapt or add to the BBC Podcast in any way. The BBC     Podcasts are made available by the BBC on an "as is" and "as available"     basis and the BBC gives no warranty of any kind in relation to the BBC     Podcast. To the maximum extent permitted by law the BBC will not be liable for any loss or damage which you may suffer as a result of, or connected to, the download or use of the BBC Podcasts.
 
See the full Standard Licence Terms here.
Play recent episodes
You need Javascript enabled and Flash version 10 installed to access this audio. Please view our BBC Webwise guide.

Virgin Money announces 
08:16: Petrofac outlook
Investors are really unhappy with Petrofac's downgraded profits outlook (see 07:49). Shares are down a whopping 20% in early trading.
 
 
08:13: Aviva/Friends Life deal BBC Radio 4
"I think predominately its a financial transaction from an Aviva perspective," David Cumming, head of equities at Standard Life, tells Today . He's talking about the proposed merger between Friends Life and the UK insurance giant. He says Aviva has seen an opportunity to make money and cut costs through the deal. Friends worked out the government's reforms of pensions put it in a weak position in the annuities market, which had been responsible for a lot of recent growth, he adds.
 
 
08:06: Sanctions hit Russia
Russia is losing $40bn a year due to economic sanctions imposed by Western governments in response to the Ukraine crisis, and up to $100bn a year because of falling oil prices, the country's finance minister, Anton Siluanov, has said.
 
 
08:00: Spanish bonds
Investors seem happy with the strident tone taken by Mario Draghi, the president of the European Central Bank, on battling deflation in the eurozone. The yield on Spanish 10-year bonds have fallen below 2% for the first time - although they have been dropping steadily all year, as the chart above shows.
 
 
07:49: Petrofac outlook
The effects of falling oil prices are being felt at oil and gas giant Petrofac. The company says it expects a $500m net profit in 2015 - much lower than analysts' estimates. "The foundations of the business remain strong," insists chief executive Ayman Asfari.
 
 
07:34: Insurance company restrictions
Insurance companies in the UK will be banned from covering the cost of terrorist ransoms, under new anti-terror legislation to be announced by the home secretary, Theresa May, later today. The government says paying ransoms encourages kidnapping and it says Islamic State militants are taking hostages to fund their operations.
 
 
Via Twitter Adam Parsons Business Correspondent
tweets: "Turns out @LewisHamilton DOES still have TWO allocated parking spaces at Asda Stevenage. But the paint's faded a bit..."
 
 
07:15: Europe exit call BBC Radio 4
Former environment secretary, Owen Paterson, is to call on the prime minister to renegotiate the UK's membership of the common agricultural policy and negotiate a new free trade agreement with the European Union. He will tell business leaders the UK could flourish economically outside the EU. He is also expected to call on the government to give two year's notice of its intention to quit the EU.
 
 
07:00: Royal Bank of Scotland BBC Radio 4
Late on Friday, Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) shares fell 4% after it admitted it had overstated its financial strength as part of the European Central Bank's stress tests. David Cumming, head of UK equities at Standard Life, tells the Today programme that "it's an embarrassing mistake". But, he adds: "Ironically, RBS has one of the best capital ratio positions of the UK banks now, so there's nothing from a customers point of view to worry about".
 
 
06:50: Food producers' woes Radio 5 live
It's like "removing nutrients from a plant," says Mr Swift of the squeeze on food producers. "Ultimately it will wither, and it may well die". He says the pressure on their profit margins leaves the firms "less able to deal with shocks." It is not the fixed prices for their goods that is hurting, he says, but the demand by supermarkets for suppliers to contribute to the cost of in-store advertising, promotions, or even refurbishment.
 
 
06:41: Food producers' woes Radio 5 live
Duncan Swift, who works for the accountants behind the food producers report, Moore Stephens - tells Wake Up to Money that the supermarkets are "removing the blanket" of money that allows food suppliers to pay their own suppliers, and to pay their staff a decent wage. It also means that food producers have no money to invest in new products, he says.
 
 
06:39: Chinese interest rates
China's leadership and central bank are ready to cut interest rates again and loosen lending restrictions, over concerns that falling prices could trigger a surge in debt defaults, business failures and job losses, according to a report from Reuters. The People's Bank of China is also open to the idea of cutting the banking industry's reserve requirement ratio (RRR), which effectively restricts the amount of money available to fund loans.
 
 
06:24: Food producers' woes
There's no doubt that customers are winning in the supermarkets' price war, which is pushing prices ever lower, but one industry is really feeling the pinch . A record number of small food suppliers are going out of business, according to a large accountancy firm, because big retailers are pressurising them to sell their wares more cheaply, which is eating into their profit margins.
 
 
06:14: Lewis Hamilton Radio 5 live
Our colleagues at Wake Up to Money have managed to find a business-related Lewis Hamilton anecdote. Apparently, the double F1 world champion ( as of this weekend ), was once awarded with a dedicated parking space at his local Asda supermarket.
 
 
06:03: Asian markets
Asia's main markets are all up this morning, buoyed by Friday's unexpected rate cut by China's central bank, which has sparked hopes of more action to combat the country's slowing economy. The European Central Bank's vow to fight deflation has also brought cheer to investors. The Hang Seng is up almost 2% at 23,898.34 and the Shanghai Composite is up 2.2% at 2,541.54. The Nikkei is closed for a public holiday.
 
 
06:01: Matthew West Business Reporter
Morning folks. As always you can get in touch via email to bizlivepage@bbc.co.uk and on Twitter @bbcbusiness .
 
 
06:01: Joe Miller Business Reporter
Morning. There's a lot of news around today, but lets start with the Royal Bank of Scotland. The bank - still 80% owned by the taxpayer - has apologised for repeatedly giving incorrect evidence to a parliamentary hearing . The evidence concerned its controversial Global Restructuring Group, which handles the bank's loans to companies considered to be a possible risk. It was accused of killing off viable businesses.
 

New models on display 
08:16: Petrofac outlook
Investors are really unhappy with Petrofac's downgraded profits outlook (see 07:49). Shares are down a whopping 20% in early trading.
 
 
08:13: Aviva/Friends Life deal BBC Radio 4
"I think predominately its a financial transaction from an Aviva perspective," David Cumming, head of equities at Standard Life, tells Today . He's talking about the proposed merger between Friends Life and the UK insurance giant. He says Aviva has seen an opportunity to make money and cut costs through the deal. Friends worked out the government's reforms of pensions put it in a weak position in the annuities market, which had been responsible for a lot of recent growth, he adds.
 
 
08:06: Sanctions hit Russia
Russia is losing $40bn a year due to economic sanctions imposed by Western governments in response to the Ukraine crisis, and up to $100bn a year because of falling oil prices, the country's finance minister, Anton Siluanov, has said.
 
 
08:00: Spanish bonds
Investors seem happy with the strident tone taken by Mario Draghi, the president of the European Central Bank, on battling deflation in the eurozone. The yield on Spanish 10-year bonds have fallen below 2% for the first time - although they have been dropping steadily all year, as the chart above shows.
 
 
07:49: Petrofac outlook
The effects of falling oil prices are being felt at oil and gas giant Petrofac. The company says it expects a $500m net profit in 2015 - much lower than analysts' estimates. "The foundations of the business remain strong," insists chief executive Ayman Asfari.
 
 
07:34: Insurance company restrictions
Insurance companies in the UK will be banned from covering the cost of terrorist ransoms, under new anti-terror legislation to be announced by the home secretary, Theresa May, later today. The government says paying ransoms encourages kidnapping and it says Islamic State militants are taking hostages to fund their operations.
 
 
Via Twitter Adam Parsons Business Correspondent
tweets: "Turns out @LewisHamilton DOES still have TWO allocated parking spaces at Asda Stevenage. But the paint's faded a bit..."
 
 
07:15: Europe exit call BBC Radio 4
Former environment secretary, Owen Paterson, is to call on the prime minister to renegotiate the UK's membership of the common agricultural policy and negotiate a new free trade agreement with the European Union. He will tell business leaders the UK could flourish economically outside the EU. He is also expected to call on the government to give two year's notice of its intention to quit the EU.
 
 
07:00: Royal Bank of Scotland BBC Radio 4
Late on Friday, Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) shares fell 4% after it admitted it had overstated its financial strength as part of the European Central Bank's stress tests. David Cumming, head of UK equities at Standard Life, tells the Today programme that "it's an embarrassing mistake". But, he adds: "Ironically, RBS has one of the best capital ratio positions of the UK banks now, so there's nothing from a customers point of view to worry about".
 
 
06:50: Food producers' woes Radio 5 live
It's like "removing nutrients from a plant," says Mr Swift of the squeeze on food producers. "Ultimately it will wither, and it may well die". He says the pressure on their profit margins leaves the firms "less able to deal with shocks." It is not the fixed prices for their goods that is hurting, he says, but the demand by supermarkets for suppliers to contribute to the cost of in-store advertising, promotions, or even refurbishment.
 
 
06:41: Food producers' woes Radio 5 live
Duncan Swift, who works for the accountants behind the food producers report, Moore Stephens - tells Wake Up to Money that the supermarkets are "removing the blanket" of money that allows food suppliers to pay their own suppliers, and to pay their staff a decent wage. It also means that food producers have no money to invest in new products, he says.
 
 
06:39: Chinese interest rates
China's leadership and central bank are ready to cut interest rates again and loosen lending restrictions, over concerns that falling prices could trigger a surge in debt defaults, business failures and job losses, according to a report from Reuters. The People's Bank of China is also open to the idea of cutting the banking industry's reserve requirement ratio (RRR), which effectively restricts the amount of money available to fund loans.
 
 
06:24: Food producers' woes
There's no doubt that customers are winning in the supermarkets' price war, which is pushing prices ever lower, but one industry is really feeling the pinch . A record number of small food suppliers are going out of business, according to a large accountancy firm, because big retailers are pressurising them to sell their wares more cheaply, which is eating into their profit margins.
 
 
06:14: Lewis Hamilton Radio 5 live
Our colleagues at Wake Up to Money have managed to find a business-related Lewis Hamilton anecdote. Apparently, the double F1 world champion ( as of this weekend ), was once awarded with a dedicated parking space at his local Asda supermarket.
 
 
06:03: Asian markets
Asia's main markets are all up this morning, buoyed by Friday's unexpected rate cut by China's central bank, which has sparked hopes of more action to combat the country's slowing economy. The European Central Bank's vow to fight deflation has also brought cheer to investors. The Hang Seng is up almost 2% at 23,898.34 and the Shanghai Composite is up 2.2% at 2,541.54. The Nikkei is closed for a public holiday.
 
 
06:01: Matthew West Business Reporter
Morning folks. As always you can get in touch via email to bizlivepage@bbc.co.uk and on Twitter @bbcbusiness .
 
 
06:01: Joe Miller Business Reporter
Morning. There's a lot of news around today, but lets start with the Royal Bank of Scotland. The bank - still 80% owned by the taxpayer - has apologised for repeatedly giving incorrect evidence to a parliamentary hearing . The evidence concerned its controversial Global Restructuring Group, which handles the bank's loans to companies considered to be a possible risk. It was accused of killing off viable businesses.
 

Lord Hill s appearance beforeUK's Lord Hill recalled for more questioning by MEPs
Lord Hill remains an unknown quantity for most officials in Brussels
EU commissioners face MEP grilling
The UK's candidate to join the European Commission, Lord Hill, has been asked to attend a second hearing of MEPs to assess his suitability for the job.
The Conservative politician, nominated by UK PM David Cameron, is in line for a top job running financial services.
On Wednesday, he told MEPs he will act for all 28 EU member states and is not a representative of the City of London.
But the Conservative group in Brussels said Lord Hill would be recalled for a second confirmation hearing next week.
All 27 commissioners nominated by EU states must get the approval of the European Parliament before they can join Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker's top team.
Mr Juncker's decision to give Lord Hill the coveted brief in charge of financial services, financial stability and capital markets union was seen as a coup for the UK, given the sector's vital importance to its economy.
Clear and simple
His public cross-examination was broadcast on the BBC's Democracy Live website .
"I am not here as a representative of the City of London, I am here to represent the European interest," he told MEPs at a key hearing in Brussels.
"I have a very clear and simple view - it is in the interests of the EU for Britain to be in it, and for Britain to be in the EU."
The UK's ruling Conservatives have promised to hold an in/out referendum on EU membership in 2017, provided they can renegotiate the UK's membership terms before then.
Chris Morris, BBC Brussels correspondent, writes:
Lord Hill's performance was competent but underwhelming. He made no catastrophic mistakes, but plenty of MEPs in the room were less than impressed by his grasp of the detail.
"Charming but empty," said the Green MEP Philippe Lamberts.
Perhaps Lord Hill should be given the benefit of the doubt - he's had less than three weeks to master a portfolio of considerable technical complexity.
In fact he was probably lucky that many of the questions were less probing than expected.
Greens MEP, Philippe Lamberts: "On every single question Lord Hill had no concrete answer"
There were also signs of the difficult political balance Lord Hill will have to maintain in Brussels.
He described himself as a "consensual, pragmatic, European politician" - not a phrase destined to win him many supporters on the Tory backbenches in London.
He promised to work in the general interest of all 28 EU countries, but many MEPs still see him as David Cameron's man.
"I'm a great believer that actions speak louder than words," he told me. "If I'm confirmed, everyone will see that I will approach the job in the way they should expect all commissioners to approach it. I'm very clear that that is my task."
Plum job
When pressed to disclose any conflict of interest Jonathan Hill stressed that he had cut all ties with his former consultancy businesses in London. "I have no shares in any business at all and am not on the board of any company," he said.
His question-and-answer session with MEPs lasted nearly three hours.
But, according to one MEP, Lord Hill had failed to explain how he thought the financial sector should develop and there were "many critical voices" about his nomination.
Jonathan Hill will not work on the vexed question of bankers' bonuses. That will be the responsibility of the new EU justice commissioner-designate, Vera Jourova from the Czech Republic.
The UK government is challenging the new EU directive on bankers' bonuses in the European Court of Justice.
But Lord Hill will oversee the launching of a new EU capital markets union - a key issue for the UK, as the City of London hosts nearly 40% of the EU's wholesale financial markets.
Lord Hill's career
Born in north London in July, 1960
Read history at Cambridge University
1980s - Special adviser to Kenneth Clarke in Conservative cabinet
Early 1990s - Adviser to then PM John Major during EU's Maastricht Treaty negotiations, which launched euro
1994-1998 - Senior consultant at lobbying firm Bell Pottinger Group
Founding director of Quiller Consultants
2010 - Becomes a Life Peer as Baron Hill of Oareford and junior education minister
Serves as leader of House of Lords and leader of Conservatives in the House
A capital markets union would aim to make companies in the EU less reliant on banks for finance. Currently in the EU, banks account for about 50% of that finance, whereas in the US, capital markets play a much bigger role in lending to companies.
In written answers to MEPs' questions Lord Hill pledged to act quickly to develop the EU's capital markets "as there is an urgent need to boost and diversify the funding of our economy".
He acknowledged that there were some tensions between member states using the euro and those outside the single currency.
"My task is to work to reconcile those tensions... and make sure that in the banking union the 'euro outs' feel as comfortable as the 'euro ins'," he said.
Some MEPs asked him to prepare an EU-wide deposit guarantee scheme for bank customers, but he said that was not yet on his agenda.
Mr Juncker has shaken up the structure of the Commission, appointing powerful vice-presidents to oversee some key policy areas.
Lord Hill's work will be overseen by Mr Juncker's "right-hand man", Frans Timmermans, and probably also by economics chief Jyrki Katainen, though it is not yet clear to what extent.
Lord Hill will have to ensure the smooth running of the EU's new banking union, including tighter supervision of Europe's banks to prevent anything like the 2008 financial crash happening again.
More on This Story

Babcock International-1.66
Winners and Losers are drawn from the set of FTSE 350 equities
All market data carried by BBC News is provided by DigitalLook.com. The data is for your general information and enjoys indicative status only. Neither the BBC nor Digital Look accept any responsibility for its accuracy or for any use to which it may be put. All share prices and market indexes delayed at least 15 minutes. 52 week high and low values are calculated from close price data. Click here for terms and conditions
Top Stories

Ted Baker profits jump 34%Ted Baker profits jump despite warm weather
By Mark Odell
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/553053c2-4a0c-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ed Richards is standing downEd Richards to stand down as Ofcom Chief Executive
02 October 2014
The Ofcom Board today announced that Ed Richards will stand down as Chief Executive at the end of December 2014.
He will continue to lead on all operational, financial, economic, competition and policy matters until that date.
Patricia Hodgson, Ofcom Chairman, said: "Ed has been an outstanding Chief Executive. Under his leadership, Ofcom has helped to deliver superfast broadband, 4G, lower prices, innovation, competition, and sustainable public service broadcasting in the UK.
"He leaves an impressive legacy. On behalf of the Board I would like to thank him for his enormous contribution."
Ed Richards said: "It has been a privilege to lead Ofcom during such an exciting and dynamic period in the evolution of the UK's communications sector.
"It is never easy leaving a job that you enjoy greatly but I have always felt that once I had completed eight years as Chief Executive this would be the right time to move on."
ENDS
NOTES FOR EDITORS
1. Ed joined the Ofcom Board in March 2003. In July 2005, he was promoted to Chief Operating Officer and became Chief Executive in October 2006.
2. The executive search process to appoint a replacement is under way, led by Zygos Partnership. The post will shortly be advertised nationally.
3. The Chief Executive of Ofcom is a public appointment made by the Ofcom Board, involving an independent assessor and subject to approval by the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport.
4. Ofcom seeks to complete the recruitment process early in 2015.
5. Ofcom is the independent regulator and competition authority for the UK communications industries, with responsibilities across television, radio, telecommunications, wireless communications and postal services.
6. For further information about Ofcom please visit: www.ofcom.org.uk . Ofcom's news releases can be found at: http://media.ofcom.org.uk/ .
Contact the media team
If you are a journalist wishing to contact Ofcom's media team, please contact us on:
Telephone
+44 (0) 300 123 1795
Email
If you are a member of the public wanting advice or to complain to Ofcom, please call us on:
Telephone

Wonga writes off debtsWonga to write off £220m of customer debts
Wonga has been speaking to the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) about its lending practices
Wonga chased debt with fake lawyers
Payday lender Wonga says it is writing off £220m of debts for 330,000 customers after putting in place new affordability checks.
The company, which has faced criticism for its high interest rates and debt collection tactics, made the changes after discussions with regulators.
Customers in arrears whose loans would not have been made under the new checks will have their debts written off.
A further 45,000 customers in arrears will not have to pay interest on loans.
Affected Wonga customers will be notified by 10 October.
Wonga's chairman Andy Haste, who joined the company in July, said a review of lending practices had shown the need for change at Wonga was "real and urgent", and new stricter lending criteria would mean "accepting far fewer applications from new and existing customers".
Wonga customer, Elliott Gomme: "It is so easy just to go online and get a loan and before you know it you are in debt"
Analysis: Jonty Bloom, business correspondent, BBC News
Pay day lenders first appeared in the US, but are only legal in 27 states and interest rates are generally limited to 40%. They began appearing in the UK 20 years ago, and there are currently no limits on their charges here - although the government wants to bring in a cap next year.
Wonga itself is only seven years old but has become the best known thanks in part to its catchy advertising.
All pay day lenders normally lend to those not welcome elsewhere, because their poor credit rating or low income means mainstream lenders see them as unlikely to repay any loan.
Since the downturn their business has expanded rapidly, leading to criticism they are making millions lending to the desperate. Some say they are little more than legalised loan sharks, but supporters say if they did not exist, hard-pressed people would have to borrow from real loan sharks.
"We want to ensure we only lend to those who can reasonably afford the loan in question and during my review, it became clear to me that this has unfortunately not always been the case," he said.
"I agreed with the concerns expressed by the FCA and as a consequence of our discussions we have committed to taking these actions."
'Industry on notice'
In a statement, the FCA said Wonga's changes were as a result of a "voluntary agreement" reached between the lender and regulator.
"This should put the rest of the industry on notice," said Clive Adamson, director of supervision at the FCA. "They need to lend affordably and responsibly."
"Affordability should be at the heart of the credit process" - Citizens Advice
Wonga has also been told it must appoint a "skilled person" to monitor its lending decisions and report back to the FCA.
One Wonga customer from South Yorkshire told the BBC that Wonga's credit checks had been "poor at best".
"I'm currently in arrears of £564 with Wonga for a loan that started in 2012. I got caught up in the whirlwind of being able to have money deposited in your account within minutes.
"I was allowed to exaggerate my income on the application forms. They weren't checked to be sure that I wasn't giving false information. I should never have been lent the money."
Wonga currently provides lending services to about one million customers a year.
But it and the wider payday loan industry have attracted controversy because of the relatively high rates of interest charged to customers, which can quickly escalate if repayments are not made on time.
In June, Wonga also admitted sending customers in arrears fake letters from non-existent law firms in an apparent attempt to scare them into repayments, and agreed to pay £2.6m in compensation.
The move to tighten up lending criteria is likely to hit Wonga's earnings. Earlier this week, it announced a 53% fall in annual profits and said it expected to be "smaller and less profitable" in future, partly as a result of new controls set by the FCA.
Business model questioned
Michael Ruck, senior associate at Pinsent Masons and a former FCA lawyer, said Wonga will now be required to get more information on potential customers before making loans - an expensive process.
He said the whole landscape for payday loan companies was changing dramatically.
"It certainly raises questions of Wonga and other firms about how they set up their business models going forward," Mr Ruck told the BBC.
"They are clearly no longer going to be able to rely on revenues from customers paying high rates of interest without fully understanding the implications.
"In terms of other firms they are being told that: 'If you don't get this right, this is what is going to happen'."
The debt charity StepChange welcomed Wonga's move, but said it needed to be part of a "comprehensive reform of the short-term credit market".
"People will always need to borrow, and we need responsible lenders to allow this to happen in a fair environment," chief executive Mike O'Connor said.
Case study: 'I lied to get a £120 Wonga loan for a holiday'
When Elliott Gomme needed money for a holiday, he turned to payday lender Wonga.
He needed £120 and says he didn't have a problem convincing them to lend him cash by saying he worked full-time.
But the 20-year-old admitted lying on his application and told BBC Newsbeat it was "too easy" to be accepted.
He's now likely to be one of 330,000 people whose debts will be written off after a ruling that Wonga lent money to people who couldn't repay it.
"My bank couldn't give me an overdraft or anything, and so I went to [Wonga]," he says.
He received his money and went on holiday, but a few weeks later he says the firm started calling him and he says they were "constant".
"They were ringing me every day," he says. "They were telling me how much I owe and that there was added interest."
Elliot says that a few months later he was being told his debt had risen to more then £800 and it began to affect his day-to-day life.
He says the amount of the debt was making him feel depressed and that he had "no idea" what he would have done if this ruling hadn't come.
In Elliott's opinion, the whole process is too simple and he wants payday lending to be banned.
"It's so easy to go online and get one that you don't really look at the small print and they don't really tell you that much," he says.
More on This Story

Bank of England s new powersBank of England asks for extra powers over housing market
The Bank will have stronger powers to prevent a housing bubble
Does your house make more than you?
The Bank of England has asked formally for new powers to prevent a housing boom and bust.
Under the powers, the Bank would be able to limit how much people can borrow to buy a home, according to their financial circumstances.
The Bank has also given a clean bill of health to the government's Help to Buy mortgage scheme.
Its Financial Policy Committee (FPC) can already make recommendations about loan amounts.
Earlier this summer the FPC recommended that banks and building societies restrict lending of large loans - by which it meant loans greater than 4.5 times income - to 15% of mortgages.
In June, George Osborne promised that the Bank's powers to "recommend" would be beefed up to powers to "direct", in order to prevent a dangerous bubble developing.
Buy-to-let measures
The FPC also noted that high loan-to-value lending now accounts for just 9% of mortgages - compared to 25% in 2007, during the boom - suggesting that riskier lending has not got out of hand.
But the Bank said it wanted its new powers to cover both residential and buy-to-let mortgages.
On buy-to-let, it wants to make sure that the income that landlords receive is greater than the interest payments on their mortgages.
Placing such controls on professional investors might help cool the housing market, by preventing landlords speculating on hefty rises in house prices.
The stronger powers are expected to be in place before June next year.
The Bank of England says the Help to Buy scheme is not to blame for rising house prices
Help to Buy
Last year, the Bank of England was asked to report back on whether the government's Help to Buy mortgage scheme posed a risk to the economy.
The Bank's governor, Mark Carney, has now written to the chancellor stating: "Under current market conditions, the committee assesses that the scheme does not pose material risks to financial stability."
The Bank also confirmed that Help to Buy was not to blame for rising house prices.
It said both parts of the scheme accounted for only 5% of total mortgages, and they had been most popular in parts of the country where prices had risen least.
"The scheme does not appear to have been a material driver of growth - for example, take-up of the scheme has been weak in London, where house price growth has been strongest," the FPC said.
It also said house prices appeared to be cooling sooner than the FPC had expected when it met in June.
Earlier this week, the Nationwide said annual house price inflation had fallen to 9.4% in September from 11% the month before.
Help to Buy loans are already restricted to 4.5 times a borrower's income.
More on This Story
* May require registration or subscription
Share this page
 
08:16: Petrofac outlook
Investors are really unhappy with Petrofac's downgraded profits outlook (see 07:49). Shares are down a whopping 20% in early trading.
 
 
08:13: Aviva/Friends Life deal BBC Radio 4
"I think predominately its a financial transaction from an Aviva perspective," David Cumming, head of equities at Standard Life, tells Today . He's talking about the proposed merger between Friends Life and the UK insurance giant. He says Aviva has seen an opportunity to make money and cut costs through the deal. Friends worked out the government's reforms of pensions put it in a weak position in the annuities market, which had been responsible for a lot of recent growth, he adds.
 
 
08:06: Sanctions hit Russia
Russia is losing $40bn a year due to economic sanctions imposed by Western governments in response to the Ukraine crisis, and up to $100bn a year because of falling oil prices, the country's finance minister, Anton Siluanov, has said.
 
 
08:00: Spanish bonds
Investors seem happy with the strident tone taken by Mario Draghi, the president of the European Central Bank, on battling deflation in the eurozone. The yield on Spanish 10-year bonds have fallen below 2% for the first time - although they have been dropping steadily all year, as the chart above shows.
 
 
07:49: Petrofac outlook
The effects of falling oil prices are being felt at oil and gas giant Petrofac. The company says it expects a $500m net profit in 2015 - much lower than analysts' estimates. "The foundations of the business remain strong," insists chief executive Ayman Asfari.
 
 
07:34: Insurance company restrictions
Insurance companies in the UK will be banned from covering the cost of terrorist ransoms, under new anti-terror legislation to be announced by the home secretary, Theresa May, later today. The government says paying ransoms encourages kidnapping and it says Islamic State militants are taking hostages to fund their operations.
 
 
Via Twitter Adam Parsons Business Correspondent
tweets: "Turns out @LewisHamilton DOES still have TWO allocated parking spaces at Asda Stevenage. But the paint's faded a bit..."
 
 
07:15: Europe exit call BBC Radio 4
Former environment secretary, Owen Paterson, is to call on the prime minister to renegotiate the UK's membership of the common agricultural policy and negotiate a new free trade agreement with the European Union. He will tell business leaders the UK could flourish economically outside the EU. He is also expected to call on the government to give two year's notice of its intention to quit the EU.
 
 
07:00: Royal Bank of Scotland BBC Radio 4
Late on Friday, Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) shares fell 4% after it admitted it had overstated its financial strength as part of the European Central Bank's stress tests. David Cumming, head of UK equities at Standard Life, tells the Today programme that "it's an embarrassing mistake". But, he adds: "Ironically, RBS has one of the best capital ratio positions of the UK banks now, so there's nothing from a customers point of view to worry about".
 
 
06:50: Food producers' woes Radio 5 live
It's like "removing nutrients from a plant," says Mr Swift of the squeeze on food producers. "Ultimately it will wither, and it may well die". He says the pressure on their profit margins leaves the firms "less able to deal with shocks." It is not the fixed prices for their goods that is hurting, he says, but the demand by supermarkets for suppliers to contribute to the cost of in-store advertising, promotions, or even refurbishment.
 
 
06:41: Food producers' woes Radio 5 live
Duncan Swift, who works for the accountants behind the food producers report, Moore Stephens - tells Wake Up to Money that the supermarkets are "removing the blanket" of money that allows food suppliers to pay their own suppliers, and to pay their staff a decent wage. It also means that food producers have no money to invest in new products, he says.
 
 
06:39: Chinese interest rates
China's leadership and central bank are ready to cut interest rates again and loosen lending restrictions, over concerns that falling prices could trigger a surge in debt defaults, business failures and job losses, according to a report from Reuters. The People's Bank of China is also open to the idea of cutting the banking industry's reserve requirement ratio (RRR), which effectively restricts the amount of money available to fund loans.
 
 
06:24: Food producers' woes
There's no doubt that customers are winning in the supermarkets' price war, which is pushing prices ever lower, but one industry is really feeling the pinch . A record number of small food suppliers are going out of business, according to a large accountancy firm, because big retailers are pressurising them to sell their wares more cheaply, which is eating into their profit margins.
 
 
06:14: Lewis Hamilton Radio 5 live
Our colleagues at Wake Up to Money have managed to find a business-related Lewis Hamilton anecdote. Apparently, the double F1 world champion ( as of this weekend ), was once awarded with a dedicated parking space at his local Asda supermarket.
 
 
06:03: Asian markets
Asia's main markets are all up this morning, buoyed by Friday's unexpected rate cut by China's central bank, which has sparked hopes of more action to combat the country's slowing economy. The European Central Bank's vow to fight deflation has also brought cheer to investors. The Hang Seng is up almost 2% at 23,898.34 and the Shanghai Composite is up 2.2% at 2,541.54. The Nikkei is closed for a public holiday.
 
 
06:01: Matthew West Business Reporter
Morning folks. As always you can get in touch via email to bizlivepage@bbc.co.uk and on Twitter @bbcbusiness .
 
 
06:01: Joe Miller Business Reporter
Morning. There's a lot of news around today, but lets start with the Royal Bank of Scotland. The bank - still 80% owned by the taxpayer - has apologised for repeatedly giving incorrect evidence to a parliamentary hearing . The evidence concerned its controversial Global Restructuring Group, which handles the bank's loans to companies considered to be a possible risk. It was accused of killing off viable businesses.
 

should receive the abilityHome > Publications > News Releases > News Release - Financial Policy Committee statement from its policy meeting, 26 September 2014
 
News Release - Financial Policy Committee statement from its policy meeting, 26 September 2014
02 October 2014
Page Content
The Chancellor of the Exchequer announced in June that HM Treasury wanted to grant the
Bank of England’s Financial Policy Committee (FPC) additional powers to guard against financial stability risks from the housing market before the end of this Parliament. The FPC therefore discussed this at its meeting on 26 September and is announcing today its recommendation to HM Treasury on the form of these powers:
The FPC recommends that HM Treasury exercise its statutory power to enable the FPC to direct, if necessary to protect and enhance financial stability, the PRA and FCA to require regulated lenders to place limits on residential mortgage lending, both owner-occupied and buy-to-let, by reference to:
  a) Loan-to-Value Ratios;
  b) Debt-to-Income Ratios, including Interest Coverage Ratios in respect of buy-to-let   lending.
These instruments would sit alongside the FPC’s power of Direction on sectoral capital requirements and its responsibility for setting the countercyclical capital buffer (CCB) rate, and complement the FPC’s existing powers of Recommendation. The FPC judges that, taken together, these instruments are necessary, and should be sufficient, to tackle risks to financial stability that could emerge from the housing market in the future, rather than indicating likely FPC policy decisions in the short term.
The FPC is publishing today a separate Statement that sets out its rationale and supporting material for this recommendation. The FPC intends to issue a draft Policy Statement to inform Parliamentary debate. If the FPC is granted these powers, it will publish a final Policy Statement that outlines its approach to using them, including the indicators that it will monitor regularly.
The FPC is also publishing a letter to the Chancellor giving its first annual assessment of the impact on financial stability of the Help to Buy: Mortgage Guarantee Scheme, including, as requested, whether the parameters of the scheme – the house price cap for eligibility in the scheme and the fee charged to lenders – remain appropriate. The Committee does not see a case for changing the fee or the house price cap on financial stability grounds at this point. In forming this assessment, the Committee was notified by HM Treasury that the fees for the scheme would remain the same for 2015, with prices set on an actuarially fair basis and according to State Aid rules. The Committee will continue to monitor the impact of the scheme as part of its regular assessment of risks to financial stability and can make recommendations on it at any time.
The FPC also reviewed its assessment of the outlook for financial stability and progress against its existing policy recommendations.
Since the Committee met in June, geopolitical and event risks appear more marked. In the United Kingdom, there had been intense focus on the referendum on Scottish independence. In the run-up to that referendum, the FPC was briefed on the financial stability risks associated with possible outcomes and on the Bank’s contingency planning to mitigate those risks. Global economic prospects remain modest. Growth in the euro area in particular had disappointed in the first half of 2014 and inflation fell further below target. In this context, monetary policy has remained highly accommodative internationally. Markets appear to expect a gradual exit from low rates in the United Kingdom and the United States, while the ECB has cut its benchmark interest rate and announced a package of new stimulus measures. In emerging markets, growth forecasts are also slightly lower, with concerns about the sustainability of credit growth and property markets in China persisting.
Financial markets have remained remarkably resilient to geopolitical and event risk with continuing signs of yield-seeking behaviour. There were some falls in risky asset prices internationally during the summer and a pick-up in market volatility, but these proved largely temporary. A larger shock could still be amplified  through the financial system, particularly if the apparent narrowing of the compensation required by market participants for liquidity risk were to unwind. This risk is heightened by what appears to be a continued structural reduction in liquidity in some financial markets. The Committee is considering the resilience of market liquidity as part of its medium-term priority on supporting diverse and resilient market-based finance.
In the United Kingdom, economic growth has been robust and broadly based. While the housing market remains a source of risk to financial stability, activity appears to have eased slightly and the MPC’s latest projections are consistent with the rate of increase in house prices moderating earlier than previously expected. UK commercial property markets have been recovering rapidly, supported by buoyant conditions for new lending.
The major UK banks remain on a path of gradually improving resilience, with reduced leverage and increased capital ratios and lower reliance on wholesale funding since the crisis. But uncertainty remains over potential further global conduct-related actions. The results of the 2014 stress tests will give a fuller view of the major UK banks’ capital resilience.
In light of its assessment of the outlook for financial stability, the FPC decided to keep the CCB rate for UK exposures at 0%. It will expect to reciprocate foreign CCB rates, in order to support the resilience of the global financial system. In that context, the FPC decided also to recognise the 1% CCB rates set recently by the Norwegian and Swedish authorities. These would apply to UK regulated firms with relevant exposures to these countries from 3 October 2015.
With regard to the FPC’s existing recommendations:
The FPC judges that its June recommendation to lenders on the interest rate stress test to use when assessing affordability in mortgage lending is implemented, by virtue of existing FCA rules (MCOB 11.6.18(2)). The FCA will continue to monitor that mortgage lenders are having regard to the recommendation when carrying out the interest rate stress test, as part of supervision. At the time of the FPC’s meeting, the PRA Board was due to finalise the rule that would put into force the FPC’s recommendation on a limit on loan-to-income ratios in mortgage lending. The PRA Board subsequently confirmed this rule at its meeting on 30 September. The FCA is implementing the measure for affected FCA-regulated firms via general guidance.
The FPC judges that the PRA has implemented its recommendations to work with the banking industry to ensure greater consistency and comparability of Pillar 3 disclosures of major UK banks and building societies, and to ensure that all major UK banks and building societies comply fully with the October 2012 recommendations of the Enhanced Disclosure Task Force upon publication of 2013 annual reports.
The FPC also judges that it is now appropriate to publish a recommendation that it had initially made privately in June 2013 to the Bank of England and the FCA, that they should promote the development of contingency plans in the event that Libor or other interest-rate benchmark quotes became unavailable. At that stage it had decided not to publish the recommendation, as permitted under Section 9U(8)(b) of the Bank of England Act 1998, because of the risk of precipitating the unavailability of benchmark quotes that the recommendation was seeking to avoid. The FPC closed the recommendation in September 2013, because interest-rate benchmark contingency planning was then taking place under the auspices of the Financial Stability Board. On 22 July 2014, the FSB published its report on Reforming Major Interest Rate Benchmarks, which includes details on contingency planning; the FPC judges that publication of its recommendation is therefore no longer against the public interest.
The FPC noted that progress was under way on its existing recommendations on stress testing and resilience to cyber attack and it would review these in more detail at future meetings.
The Committee’s public consultation on the Leverage Review closed on 12 September. A total of 26 responses were received. The Committee noted that a common theme in the feedback was around the need for guidance over how the proposed framework would be calibrated. In the light of that feedback and to support HM Treasury in its consultation on, and impact assessment of, the Committee’s proposals, the Committee decided to bring forward its view on the appropriate calibration of the leverage ratio framework. That view will be recorded in its final proposals for the leverage ratio framework, which will be published at the end of October.
The Record of the Committee’s meeting will be published on 10 October.
Key Resources
Key Resources

I would ve been happy if Sena-BJP alliance continued: LK Advani7
0
Ahmedabad: Breaking his silence over the Shiv Sena-BJP split in Maharashtra, veteran BJP leader LK Advani on Thursday said that he would have been happy if the alliance had continued.
"I would have been happier, if this (alliance) would not have been broken. But, this is also right that people from our party were saying that the seat-sharing formula was not proper and we (BJP) should get more seats," Advani said.
"When I was informed about this (alliance break-up), as (Sena chief ) Uddhav Thackeray called me up and told me, then I talked to Gadkariji and he (Nitin Gadkari) told me that he was dealing with the issue," he said. Advani also said that he was not involved in the BJP and Sena's seat-sharing talks.
The veteran BJP leader also said that he was not involved in the BJP and Shiv Sena's seat-sharing talks.
#lk advani #bjp #shiv sena #maharashtra assembly elections 2014
"I do not know much about this matter as I did not get involved in it," he said. Advani was in the city to take part in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan'.
The veteran leader also wielded broom in Vastrapur lake area here. The 25-year-long Shiv Sena-BJP alliance ended last month over the seat-sharing issue for the Maharashtra Assembly elections scheduled to be held on October 15.
0

Raj Thackeray blames Sharad Pawar for Shiv Sena-BJP split17
0
Nagpur: MNS chief Raj Thackeray has blamed NCP chief Sharad Pawar for the split in the 25-year-old Shiv Sena-BJP alliance just days ahead of the Maharashtra Assembly polls.
"NCP Chief Sharad Pawar scripted the Sena-BJP alliance break up. Pawar had told BJP leaders that he will also snap ties with NCP after they break up their alliance with Sena and this is how it happened exactly," Thackeray said.
Addressing a meeting of MNS supporters in western part of the city last night, Thackeray claimed that one of his close confidantes had heard the conversation which was confirmed to him (Thackeray) by a journalist friend.
#ncp #mns #bjp #sharad pawar
He ridiculed the four parties - Congress, NCP, BJP and Shiv Sena - for the dramatic developments leading to break up in the two groups and blamed them for mess in the state. He said the Congress-led government was in power for 15 years in state, only because the opposition was grossly ineffective.
"Give me the power, I will show you what development is," the MNS chief asserted. "We are the first party in the state to come out with a blue print of development," he pointed out and stated that if he failed to fulfil the aspirations of people of the state and bring the desired development, he would quit politics.
Every politician promises roads, power and water during each election. These are the basic needs and people's right, he said. "Why are they unable to provide these basic needs even after holding power for more than 60 years?" he asked.
These political parties and their leaders are playing with (the sentiments of) voters, he further alleged. The voters must be aware whom to elect, he stressed. Continuing his tirade against migrants in Maharashtra, he alleged that outsiders possessed illegal arms as there was no check on the weapons that migrants carry with them.
If MNS comes to power, it will close down all private security agencies and start government-regulated ones, Raj said.
(With inputs from PTI)

Centre to issue final notification for e-rickshaws next week8
0
New Delhi: The Centre will next week notify the new rules for plying of e-rickshaws that would include mandatory driving licence and a maximum speed limit of 25 km per hour.
"The new Central Vehicles Rules 2014 will be notified next week", a senior official of Road Transport and Highways Ministry said on Thursday. Paving the way for plying of "special purpose battery operated vehicles", the new rules provides that e-rickshaw will be allowed to carry four passengers and 40 kg luggage while e-carts would transport goods up to 310 kg.
The Delhi High Court had on July 31 banned plying of e-rickshaws on the roads of the national capital saying "prima facie they are a hazard to other traffic as well as citizens".
"The new Central Vehicles Rules 2014 will be notified next week", a senior official of Road Transport and Highways Ministry said.
#e rickshaw #tracking the modi government #mv act
The official said the new rules would be notified soon after Dusshera holidays. "E-rickshaw means a special purpose battery operated vehicle having three wheels and intended to provide last mile connectivity for transport of passengers for hire or reward, provided such vehicle is constructed or adapted to carry not more than four passengers, excluding the driver, and not more than 40 kgs luggage in total; the netpower of its motor is not more than 2000 W and the maximum speed of the vehicle is not more than 25 kilometer per hour," the new rules said.
It said that such vehicle should be constructed or adapted for carrying goods by providing a separate load body or compartment with the maximum weight of three hundred and ten kilograms in addition to driver.
The Centre has also made driving licences mandatory for both the battery operated vehicles. "Every driving licence issued or renewed by a licensing authority to drive an E-rickshaw or E-cart shall be valid for a period of not more than three years from the date of issue, as the case may be, or till the validity of the driving licence, whichever is earlier," the final draft issued by Joint Secretary, Transport, Sanjay Bandopadhyaya said.
The rules vetted by the Law Ministry has also included provisions for fitness certificate for the vehicles which will be periodically examined before certificates are issued.
The government has also sought sample vehicles from e-rickshaw associations by November 30 for verification by a test agency as specified by the central government under rule 126 of the Central Motor Vehicle Rules, 1989.
2

BSE to move United Spirits  MCX shares from Group ABSE to move United Spirits, MCX shares from Group A
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 2:  
The BSE will shift three scrips - United Spirits, MCX and Financial Technologies - from ‘Group A’ category, comprising top 300 companies, from next week.
As part of the periodic review, BSE would transfer scrips of these companies from ‘Group A’ to ‘Group B’ companies with effect from October 7 this year, the exchange said in a circular.
Besides, as many as 105 companies including Just Dial, TVS Motors, SKS Microfinance, India Cements, PTC India, Godrej Properties and NIIT Technologies will be shifted to ‘Group A’ segment from ‘Group B’
BSE has classified equity scrips into categories such as Group A, Group B, Group T, among others, to provide a guidance to the investors.
Group A is the most tracked segment consisting of about 300 scrips while Group B consists of more than 3,000 stocks.
The classification is based on several factors like market capitalisation, trading volumes and numbers, track records, profits, dividends, shareholding patterns and some qualitative aspects.
Among other stocks which would be transferred to Group A are GVK Power & Infrastructure, Punj LLoyd, Ceat, BEML Ltd Indiabulls Power, Fortis Healthcare
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Gadkari doesn t rule out post-poll pact with SenaGadkari doesn't rule out post-poll pact with Sena
PTI
Tweet
Pune, October 2:  
In an indication of a possible post-poll understanding with Shiv Sena, Union Minister Nitin Gadkari has said that BJP could consider joining hands again with its estranged ally if the situation so demanded.
Describing breaking of the 25-year-long saffron alliance in Maharashtra as most "unfortunate and painful," Gadkari, when asked about a post poll tie-up (in a hung Assembly scenario) with the Sena, said, "If the situation arises, we can certainly think of that. Shiv Sena has been our ally bound together on the base of Hindutva."
Stating that there is no RPT no "bitterness" about the Sena in BJP, he said, "We have the same amount of love for Bal Thackeray as we have for Atalji." "Our Parliamentary Board will consider these issues if necessary," he added.
When asked whether BJP would consider taking support of NCP-Congress after the elections as an expediency, Gadkari said, "We will get majority. No ifs and buts."
The lone Sena member of NDA Cabinet Anant Geete need not resign and nobody from BJP has asked him to step down, he told a Marathi news channel.
Meanwhile, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray attacked BJP saying it "used" the Sena to capture power in Delhi and broke the alliance afterwards for the Maharashtra elections.
Recalling the late Pramod Mahajan and Gopinath Munde's role in keeping the saffron alliance intact over the years, he said, "these BJP leaders never pushed things to the breaking point."
"Now for today's BJP leaders, it has become a game of chess," he said.
Thackeray, addressing a meeting at Parbhani in the state's Marathwada region last night, also ridiculed BJP's slogan which seeks blessings of Shiv Chhatrapati saying that the party never even celebrated Shivjayanti.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

IPO Investors make big gains from 4 new listings this fiscalIPO Investors make big gains from 4 new listings this fiscal
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, October 2:  
As many as four companies that debuted on the domestic stock markets this financial year are trading above their issue price giving big returns to investors, an analysis shows.
Among the new listings this financial year, amusement park operator Wonderla Holidays is the biggest gainer with its stock reflecting a gain of over two-fold against its issue price Rs 125 per share.
Wonderla Holidays had surged 28 per cent on its debut in May after its initial public offer of shares in April was subscribed 38 times.
It is followed by Snowman Logistics, an integrated temperature controlled logistics service provider, that gained 84.14 per cent from its issue price of Rs 47.
Shares of Snowman Logistics last month made an impressive market debut, surging nearly 70 per cent over the issue price of Rs 47 per share.
Crop protection chemical company Sharda Cropchem has rallied 33.78 per cent as compared to its issue price of Rs 156.
Shares of Sharda Cropchem debuted on September 23 and surged nearly 48 per cent on the same day.
Shemaroo Entertainment, which made its debut yesterday, gained 0.58 per cent from its issue price of Rs 170.
The company is into film and entertainment content business.
According to market participants, most companies listed during this financial year are trading way above their issue price because of a strong stock market and bullish investor confidence.
They have attributed positive market conditions as the reason behind the strong show by these newly listed companies on the bourses.
Rally in the equity market this year has prompted several companies to line up share sales.
Lavasa Corp, Adlabs Entertainment, GMR Energy, Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Ltd, Sharda Cropchem, Monte Carlo Fashions, Uniparts India, PNC Infratech, C L Educate, Videocon D2H are some of the firms that have filed IPO papers so far this year.
The BSE benchmark Sensex has gained 4,181.72 points so far this financial year.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

AIADMK  other outfits intensify protests over JayalalithaaconvictionMembers of Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation sit on a hunger strike protesting agaginst AIADMK chief J Jayalalitha's conviction in a disproportionate assets case. (source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: October 2, 2014 4:51 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 4:56 pm
Protests by supporters of ruling AIADMK and several other outfits, including party affiliated trade unions intensified across the state against the conviction of Jayalalithaa in the disproportionate assets case, seeking her early release.
Fasts and demonstrations continued for the sixth consecutive day all over Tamil Nadu and special prayers were also held in places of worship.
No untoward incidents were reported from anywhere in the state, police said.
Most towns and semi-urban regions in Tamil Nadu were awash with posters and banners released by party MPs, state ministers and MLAs asking “Punishment for the angel of justice? Dharma will triumph eventually.”
At demonstrations, speakers said Jayalalitha had secured justice for Tamil Nadu on the Cauvery issue and now was jailed in Karnataka.
Thani Tamilar Sena, in a huge poster, alluded to the ‘silence’ of DMK chief Karunanidhi on the judgment against the AIADMK chief and demanded to know if there was a collusion of “anti-Tamil” forces on the issue.
CPI(M), PMK and DMDK in press releases condemned the protests against the conviction.
On September 27 a special court in Bangalore had sentenced Jayalalithaa to four years in jail and slapped a fine of Rs 100 crore in the Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate asset case.

Sears Sells Most of Its Stake in Canadian OpsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Rajasthan govt  Portugese institute sign MoU to set up cancer centreRajasthan govt, Portugese institute sign MoU to set up cancer centre
PTI
Tweet
Jaipur, Oct 2:  
The Rajasthan government today signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with private Portuguese biomedical research organisation, Champalimaud Foundation, to set up a state-of-the-art cancer institute here.
The MoU was signed by Principal Secretary, Medical Education J C Mahanti and the foundation's Executive Director Joao Botelho in the presence of Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje, who said the cancer center will benefit the state hugely, particularly those who cannot bear hefty cost of treatment.
"The cooperation in this regard will also bolster relations with Portugal," Raje said in a statement.
"People suffer a major psychological blow when they come to know about this disease. For laymen, its cure is expensive".
"Lots of people go to Mumbai and other places for treatment even though they cannot afford its cost and it is a very frightening experience for them. Now after the opening of the cancer institute in Jaipur, they will get good treatment here," she said.
Leonor Beleza, President of the Champlimaud Foundation said the institute will help people of the state immensely.
The state government has allotted 34,400 square metre land in the Rajasthan Health Science University premise at Pratap Nagar, Jaipur for the Institute.
The Champlimaud Foundation will extend technical support in designing the infrastructure of the centre and also assist in finalising specifications and selection of equipments for diagnosis, treatment and research.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Angry Birds maker to shed jobs as growth slowsAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Leader of Mexican drugs cartel capturedScandal amid success in Mexico drugs war
By Jude Webber in Mexico City
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2658d130-4a1d-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

App integration seen as key to online business strategy0
Tom Schenk Jr., who oversees Chicago's open data portal, said WasMyCarTowed.com uses the city's API data. The site pulls that information on towed cars every 15 minutes and gives a "YES" or "NO" answer when a user types in a license plate number to see if the car was towed or relocated.
But APIs aren't only for mobile apps and websites. California-based Speaktoit created an API for voice recognition that could be integrated with everyday objects. The company shares the API with external developers, that would allow consumers, for example, to turn on an oven by telling it to do so or find their glasses by asking, "Where are my glasses?" and having the glasses respond, "I'm over here!"
Speaktoit CEO Ilya Gelfenbeyn said opening APIs is a trend that will have a huge impact on the consumer market — and those talking glasses might not be far off.
"Before it was like we're opening up an API for some API enthusiast," Gelfenbeyn said, "but now it's becoming much more mainstream."
ehirst@tribune.com
Twitter @ellenjeanhirst
What is an API? API stands for application programming interface. APIs include programming instructions — a set of commands and protocols — for developers that can be used to build software for a specific operating system.
What does it mean to open an API? When APIs are "opened," external developers can design products powered by the existing API, without having to write the program from scratch. Companies can make the API data available online or a developer might need to request it.
How many APIs are public? The number of public APIs hovered around 10,000 at the end of 2013, according to 3scale, the company that hosted this week's strategy and practice conference. In 2014 so far, about 3,000 more have been opened for public use.

Sorry  That Caffeine-Infused Bra Won t Help You Lose WeightSorry, That Caffeine-Infused Bra Won't Help You Lose Weight
Reuters
reddit
By Diane Bartz
WASHINGTON, Sept 29 (Reuters) - Bras, girdles and leggings  infused with caffeine and sold as weight loss aids were more  decaf than espresso, and the companies that sold them have agreed to refund money to customers and pull their ads, U.S.  regulators said on Monday.
The Federal Trade Commission said Wacoal America and Norm  Thompson Outfitters, which owns Sahalie and others, were accused  of deceptive advertising that claimed their caffeine-impregnated  clothing would cause the wearer to lose weight and have less  cellulite.
"If someone says you can lose weight by wearing the clothes  they are selling, steer clear. The best approach is tried and  true: diet and exercise," said Jessica Rich, director of the  FTC's Bureau of Consumer Protection.
In the case of Oregon-based Norm Thompson, the company sold  clothing made with Lytess brand fabric infused with caffeine  which, the company said, would break down fat.
"Slimming and firming results are visible in under a month,"  the company said in one advertisement the commission  quoted in  its complaint.
Wacoal America, based in New Jersey, also advertised that  its clothing had microcapsules with caffeine, vitamin E and  other chemicals that it said led to weight loss. In one ad, it  cited the "revolutionary iPant new shapewear that works with  your body to eliminate cellulite," the FTC said.
In both cases, the companies did not have evidence to back  up their claims that the clothing would lead to substantial  weight loss, the FTC said in the complaints.
Neither company immediately responded to attempts to reach  them for comment. Refunds will be about $1.5 million, the FTC  said.       (Reporting by Diane Bartz; Editing by Ros Krasny and Dan  Grebler)
More:

There s a dust storm brewing on Mars: Mangalyaan sends more picturesComments
India's Mars orbiter has sent a picture of regional dust storm activities over the northern hemisphere of the Red Planet, Isro said on Monday.
"Regional dust storm activities over northern hemisphere of Mars - captured by Mars Color Camera on-board Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM)", Bangalore-headquartered Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) said on its official Facebook page with a picture.
It said the image was taken from an altitude of 74,500 kms from the surface of Mars.
Something's brewing here! pic.twitter.com/ecX1t6onXp
— ISRO's Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) September 29, 2014
MOM spacecraft had sent its first images of the planet on Thursday, a day after creating history by becoming the only such endeavour so far to have met with success on the maiden attempt.
MOM aims to study the Martian surface and mineral composition and scan its atmosphere for methane, an indicator of life.
The spacecraft is equipped with five instruments, including a sensor to track methane or marsh gas, a colour camera and a thermal-imaging spectrometer to map the surface and mineral wealth of the planet.
The Rs. 450-crore MOM is the cheapest inter-planetary mission. India is the first country to reach Mars in the very first attempt. European, American and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but after several attempts.
The orbiter will keep moving in an elliptical path for at least six months with its instruments sending their gleanings back home.
The spacecraft was launched on its nine-month-long odyssey on a homegrown PSLV rocket from Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh on November 5, last year. It had escaped the Earth's gravitational field on December 1 and was placed in the Martian orbit on September 24.

5 Indian-origin Entrepreneurs in This Forbes ListRegulators Fine Global Banks $3.4 Billion in Forex Probe
New York: Five Indian-Americans have been named among the 400 richest people in the US by Forbes, a list topped by Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates for the 21st year in a row.
Founder of outsourcing firm Syntel Bharat Desai, entrepreneur John Kapoor, Symphony Technology founder Romesh Wadhwani, Silicon Valley angel investor Kavitark Ram Shriram and venture capitalist Vinod Khosla are among 'The Richest People in America 2014' list by Forbes.
Mr Desai and his family rank 255 on the list, followed by Mr Kapoor who is ranked 261, Mr Wadhwani (264), Mr Shriram (350) and Mr Khosla (381).
Forbes said 2014 was another record year for American wealth, when the aggregate net worth of the richest 400 Americans was $2.29 trillion, up $270 billion from a year ago.
"Thanks to a buoyant stock market, the richest people in the US just keep getting richer," Forbes said.
Mr Gates is the richest American for the 21st year in a row, with a net worth of $81 billion. His friend Warren Buffett, chief executive of Berkshire Hathaway, occupies the number two spot, a rank he has held since 2001 with a net worth of $67 billion.
Facebook co-founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg is now the 11th richest person in the US, and the biggest dollar gainer on the list. His fortune soared to $34 billion, up $15 billion since last year, due to a sharp rise in the price of the social network's shares.
Mr Desai, 61, and wife Neerja Sethi founded outsourcing firm Syntel in 1980 while studying at University of Michigan. The Indian Institute of Technology alumnus has a networth of $2.5 billion.
Mr Kapoor, 71, debuts on The Forbes 400 as a serial entrepreneur who has founded two pharmaceutical companies that he has guided to exceptional success.
The bulk of his wealth is concentrated in shares of Akorn Pharmaceuticals, an Illinois-based generics manufacturer that Kapoor has been involved with since the early 1990s, and INSYS Therapeutics, a cancer-treatment maker that went public in May 2013.
Mr Kapoor, whose net worth is $2.5 billion, also has a small chain of fast-casual Indian restaurants in Arizona called Bombay Spice, as well as Roka Akor Japanese eateries in Chicago, Scottsdale and San Francisco.
Mr Wadhwani, 67, an Indian Institute of Technology Bombay alumnus has a net worth of $2.5 billion. Forbes said over the last decade, his galaxy of companies has expanded to 20 and is generating three billion dollars in revenues with 18,000 employees worldwide.
He is the recipient of the 2013 Forbes India 'Non-Resident Philanthropist Award' and sits on the boards of the Kennedy Center and the Center for Strategic and International Studies.
Mr Shriram, 57, has a net worth of $1.87 billion. He was an early Google backer and has been a Silicon Valley angel investor since 2000. Through his Sherpalo Ventures, he has backed early-stage tech firms such as Zazzle and Paperless Post, as well as the frozen yogurt retailer Pinkberry.
Mr Shriram made most of his fortune through Google and has been on its board since the company was founded in 1998. In June 2014, Mr Shriram and his wife donated $61 million to engineering initiatives at Stanford University, which both of his daughters attended and where he is a board trustee.
Mr Khosla, 59, has a net worth of $1.67 Billion and has run his own venture capital firm, Khosla Ventures, since 2004, following nearly two decades at VC firm Kleiner Perkins. His highest-profile investments have lately been in clean tech: wood-based biofuel, new types of batteries and water purification.
All together, the 400 wealthiest Americans are worth a staggering $2.29 trillion, up USD 270 billion from a year ago.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 10:26 (IST)

eBay and PayPal to split into two companiesAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Diesel Sale Profit Swells to Rs 1.90 a LitreYou are here: Home Economy
Profit on Sale of Diesel Swells to Rs 1.90 Per Litre
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 01, 2014 17:42 (IST)
Measures Undertaken by New Government to Revive Growth: India Inc
New Delhi: Profit on sale of diesel has risen to Rs 1.90 per litre following a continued slide in global oil prices.
With international oil prices continuing to slide, the over-recovery or profit on diesel sales, which was 35 paise in the second half of September, climbed to Rs 1.90 a litre, an official statement said in Delhi.
Over-recovery or profit should have in natural course translated into a price reduction to bring retail selling price at par with cost. But the Oil Ministry decided to wait and watch last month.
Diesel prices have not been deregulated or freed yet and so rates cannot be reduced.
On the other hand, petrol was deregulated in June 2010 and rates have since then moved every fortnight in tandem with its cost. Petrol rates were on Tuesday cut by 54 paise in line with international trend.
Softening international oil rates have meant that diesel under-recovery or the difference between retail price and its imported cost was wiped out and there was an over-recovery of 35 paise a litre from September 16. This over-recovery is now Rs 1.90 a litre.
But under-recoveries continue on kerosene and LPG.
"In the case of PDS Kerosene and Domestic LPG, the under-recoveries for the 1st fortnight of October 2014 will be Rs 31.22 per litre (Rs 32.67 per litre in last fortnight) and Rs 404.64 per cylinder (Rs 427.82 per cylinder in last fortnight) respectively," the statement said.
State-owned fuel retailers - Indian Oil Corporation (IOC), Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL) and Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited (HPCL) - are losing about Rs 156 crore a day on sale of PDS kerosene and domestic LPG. This is lower than Rs 190 crore daily under-recoveries during previous fortnight, it said.
Sources said the Oil Ministry is of the view that while the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs (CCPA) on January 17, 2013 allowed a monthly increase of 40-50 paise per month in the price of diesel to wipe out the under-recovery, it wasn't envisaged that there would be over-recovery.
It wants to reduce diesel price to protect state-owned oil companies' market share, which may be lost to private retailers who would be selling diesel in tandem with international prices.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 17:39 (IST)

Ready for the challengeUpdated: October 1, 2014 18:16 IST
Ready for the challenge
Special arrangement Meera Nandan looking forward to her new Telugu movie 'Gunde Ninda Gudigantalu'.
TOPICS
Telugu cinema
Actress Meera Nandan is excited about playing three stages of a woman’s life in ‘Gunde Ninda Gudigantalu’
It is not often that heroines of Telugu films get to portray different shades in a movie. Naturally when actress Meera Nandan got an opportunity to be versatile, she jumped at the chance. In the forthcoming movie Gunde Ninda Gudigantalu, she plays three stages in a woman’s life. “I play a 14-year-old teenager then a 23-year-old youngster and finally I will be seen as a 35-year-old woman,” she says.
For Meera, Gunde Ninda… threw a challenge that she accepted gracefully. “It was a big challenge to portray different stages and variations in a woman’s life. Also there was never a single day of shooting without me,” she exults. As a tribal teenager, the character of Meera gets influenced by Jagapathi Babu. “It is not like falling in love but she feels something for him and gets influenced by him. He helps her change. From being a teenager to a mature woman… her feelings and their journey is showcased in the movie,” she says.
Shooting for the movie over 65 days was a different kind of experience, she says. “Having done a Telugu movie earlier, following Telugu in Gunde Ninda… was not difficult. I can understand and speak a little Telugu too,” she says.
Portraying a complex character like that required preparation and Meera had planned to work on the character. “I had to play a tribal teenager and I had no idea how they are. I had decided to put on weight as a middle aged woman and reduce the weight for the teenager’s part. But the shooting happened all of a sudden so there was no time to put on weight or reduce,” she smiles.
The videos and talk by the director helped her to observe and learn. Working with Jagapathi Babu was a pleasant experience, she recalls . “I had no idea about him and since he is a senior actor, I was a bit apprehensive on the sets but it was so comfortable to work with him,” she says.
Currently she is shooting for a Malayalam comedy film Mylanji Monjjula Veedu and enjoys her role. Meera says apart from Telugu actors, Tamil actors are also celebrated in a big way in Kerala. “Malayalam cinema is mostly about realistic cinema.
Movie-goers love to see a change that’s why Telugu and Tamil movies make a buzz here.
From celebrating the movie’s release to its 50th day celebrations…. it all happens here. Actor Suriya is big, so is actor Vijay whose banners can be seen everywhere.”
Meera says she is not in a hurry as an actor. “I am not in a rush to do more number of movies. I want to do good roles. I am happy with what ever I am doing.”

Felicia Middlebrooks celebrates 30 years as co-anchor at WBBM-AM3
Middlebrooks worked her way through Purdue University at a steel mill, with assorted northwest Indiana radio gigs on the side, earning a bachelor’s degree in mass communications. In 1982, she was hired as an intern at CBS-owned WBBM-Ch.2, where she answered phones before becoming a desk assistant. She added freelance reporter duties for WBBM-AM in 1983, and a year later was named morning news co-anchor at the station.
Hiring a 27-year-old African-American woman to co-anchor morning drive on a network-owned news radio station was a bold move,  at least in 1984. It has certainly paid off, with Middlebrooks and her various partners delivering stellar results over three decades. In the most recent Nielsen audience ratings for Chicago, WBBM was the top-ranked station in mornings with an 8.1 share.
The Tribune sat down with Middlebrooks for a question-and-answer session. What follows is an edited transcript.
Q: You wake up every morning at 2:30 a.m. How much sleep do you get? 
A:  I generally operate on very little sleep — on average, maybe four or five hours a night, which is not good, but for me it works. As I’m getting older now I’m realizing that I need to get more sleep.
Q: It took you seven years to work your way through college, and you had worked at four radio stations by the time you were 24. What kept you going? 
A: I just thought if I keep driving at it, I’m going to be a terrific journalist someday. I didn’t know how it was going to happen, but my parents didn’t teach me to give up, otherwise I would have, because it was really difficult.
Q:  Did you see yourself as something of a pioneer when you were installed as morning drive co-anchor at WBBM? 
A:  I got this opportunity of a lifetime and I guess I was an accidental trailblazer. I was the first woman and the first person of color to co-anchor and it was tough, because I was doing it in an era when women were not supposed to be in morning drive.
Q: Did that add to the pressure to succeed?
A: It was a heavy burden for someone of that age. I was 27 and I don’t think I realized the gravity of what had happened to me. It was significant because I could not fail. If I failed, then that would say to my superiors, we gave a woman a chance, we gave a minority a chance, and they couldn’t cut it. So I was not about to let that happen. I had to be successful — I could not fail.
Q: What motivates you to keep working at it?   
A: I love what I do, I work with extraordinarily talented people. I believe iron sharpens iron, and so it makes me better. I just get up every morning with purpose. It’s a very necessary service ... just making sure people are armed with the information they need so they can make informed, intelligent decisions about their lives.
Q: What is the hardest part of doing morning drive radio for 30 years?
A: I think just waking up is the hardest part. That’s the challenge — to get going. Because once you’re there, I get this rush every morning. I come in there ready to roll. There’s a sense of obligation and purpose, and you know there are people waiting on you to help them start their morning.
rchannick@tribune.com

This Company Wants to Fight World Hunger With FliesThis article originally appeared in Inc .
Inside Glen Courtright's 20,000-square-foot complex on the outskirts of Dayton, Ohio, there are rows and rows of large bins. From a short distance, these bins appear to be full of loose grains, but get a bit closer, and you'll see that the grains are actually thousands upon thousands of squirming, wriggling larvae. With a bare hand, Courtright grabs a heaping scoop of the critters and delicately pours them back in. They immediately go back to work, munching on food scraps. "They really are little miracles," he says.
Advertisement
Courtright isn't just an insect enthusiast. His company, EnviroFlight, aims to turn these black soldier fly larvae into a low-cost, high-protein feed for livestock, starting with fish. "Each bin will produce upwards of 40 pounds of live insects every 10 days," says Courtright. Because these can be stacked five tall, "every 10 days, we produce the protein equivalent of one pig in a 7-square-foot space," he says with a satisfied grin. If Courtright can succeed at breeding these bugs on an industrial scale—and convince regulators to approve his bug-based livestock feed—he could transform the food industry .
Once you get past the ick factor, the idea is logical. Much of the traditional livestock feed produced by the $370 billion global industry is composed of crops such as corn and soybeans, which are expensive and compete for resources with human food. Livestock feed accounts for 60 percent to 70 percent of food production costs. Even fishmeal, a fish-based ingredient used for farmed fish, pigs, and chickens, can be costly. In the past 10 years, the price has increased by 200 percent, according to World Bank data. "It takes three tons of fishmeal to raise one ton of fish," says Paul Jones, who scouts for agriculture innovations at Mars, a $35 billion food company that is also the world's largest manufacturer of pet food. "The economics don't make sense long term."
Replacing this feed with one made from insects would be cheaper and more sustainable. "Even if we were to get 100,000 tons of additional fish food supply from insects" (or less than 1 percent of global demand), says Jones, "that would be a fantastic thing."
It might also be a partial fix to an impending food shortage: In order to feed the world in the year 2050, food production levels will need to rise by roughly 70 percent. Today's food industry can't handle the load. If insects were to enter the global food chain as feed, it could have a meaningful impact on food prices. That's why the U.S. Department of Agriculture, large farming corporations, and even the United Nations are all paying extraordinary attention to Courtright's little company in Ohio.
Courtright's path to the bug business began about nine years ago in one of the most remote places on Earth. After 22 years in the military—first as a signals analyst in the United States Air Force, then as an intelligence officer in the Navy Reserve—he had become an expert at designing and troubleshooting high-tech systems. When not on active duty, Courtright worked as a systems engineer and manager for government contractors, designing and building sophisticated electronics systems for defense, automotive, telecommunications, and oil and gas companies.
In the winter of 2006, four years after leaving the Navy, Courtright was on the North Slope of Alaska consulting for an oil company client. As he watched the towering gas flares light up the night sky, it hit him. "I thought, shit, this place is going to melt if we continue burning fossil fuels at this rate," he recalls. "I have to do something about it."
His first idea: launch a biodiesel business. He would make fuel out of oil from local restaurants and food-processing plants. But after researching the idea, raising capital, and building a production facility, Courtright pulled the plug in 2008, when availability of the oil proved unreliable.
But Courtright kept turning the idea over in his mind. What else on the planet makes fats and oils for biodiesel? "I looked at enzymes," he recalls. "Nah, too hard. I'm not a bacteriologist. I looked at algae. That was probably a 20-minute no-go decision. Then it hit me: bugs. They're easy to grow. At least, I thought they were." But after toying with the notion of using bugs for fuel, Courtright got a better idea: use the protein and fat in bugs to feed the planet, not power it.
The obvious bug of choice was black soldier flies. These insects live in many temperate climates around the world. As larvae, they are extremely efficient at reducing organic materials like food scraps into protein, oil, and fertilizer. And, unlike some breeds of flies, adult black soldier flies don't bite or spread disease. There was just one, big problem: breeding them on a large scale.
Black soldier flies like to mate on hot, sultry days. Getting them to breed in captivity is difficult, particularly in colder seasons. But Courtright was determined to figure it out. He turned a former seed storage facility in Yellow Springs, Ohio, into a research lab. There, he painstakingly tested the latest academic theories on black soldier fly rearing. "I realized early on that all the documented research in this area was incomplete," says Courtright. "The universities that were at the forefront of black soldier fly rearing—their research never scaled. You need process engineering, systems analysis, to get this to scale."
Courtright mostly worked alone. "I'm self-reliant by nature," he says. "I'm not easily daunted, and I'm comfortable solving big problems by myself." He repeatedly tweaked the temperature and humidity, as well as the lighting, a key factor if the female black soldier fly is ever to notice her potential mate and make the first move. He even installed a telemetry system to calibrate tiny environmental changes to the habitat, a technique he had picked up during his years of designing sophisticated electronics systems. That way, he could analyze the data and diagnose problems. "I even performed a kind of autopsy to figure out why the things died," he says. "It was like a one-man CSI for bugs."
Courtright was alone with the flies on a cold, overcast winter day when it finally happened. As he had done countless times, he adjusted the instruments and watched. Suddenly, the flies started to pair up and fall to the floor. "When they mate, they move in tail to tail," he explains. "You know it's working if you see them drop. Boop, boop. It looks like little black rain drops."
Courtright was so excited that he had trouble articulating the big news. When one of his contractors walked by, Courtright gave him the "OK" sign with his left hand and penetrated it with the index finger of his right hand, adding a few pumps for emphasis.
A week later, the whole thing burned up in an electrical fire. "The lights exploded. I killed everything," he says, shaking his head. "I burnt down the love shack."
It was a small setback. Within two weeks, Courtright had rebuilt the mating chambers and was rearing flies again. It was a hard lesson, but it proved he could replicate the crucial mating process. By the end of 2010, he began staffing up, pitching customers, and taking on investors. (So far, the company has raised about $5 million.)
In May, EnviroFlight was awarded a patent for that "love shack." The design, which has since been modified, had included a multichamber stainless steel unit—with an air pipe running through each chamber. The fly pupae reside on the bottom level. When they become adults, they fly up the air pipe to a caged mating chamber with thousands of frisky adult flies.
After mating, the eggs are harvested in a basin below and taken to "the nursery," large bins where larvae bulk up on a special diet of vitamins, minerals, and plant-based feed. After that, the larvae chow round-the-clock for up to two weeks on food byproducts from local processing plants or spent grains from the Yellow Springs Brewery across the street. (Courtright reserves about 10 percent of the larvae to replenish his stock of adult breeders. Each summer, he adds additional black soldier flies, caught in the wild, to prevent genetic drift and to keep the colony healthy.)
When the larvae reach about 2 centimeters in length, workers cook them in industrial-size ovens and grind them into a powder for feed meal. EnviroFlight has been working for the past year on improving density—getting more feeding chambers into a space, stacked one on top of the other. "I think I've cracked the code on how to do this in a high-density factory building. You could do this anywhere—in Brooklyn, in Nairobi," he says.
The costs to run the operation are relatively low. Courtright typically gets food scraps for little or no cost—and in some cases is even paid to take leftover trimmings from food-processing plants. Although EnviroFlight is still awaiting approval from federal regulators to sell black soldier fly-based feed for the animals we eat, the company has been operating at a profit since the fall of 2013, selling insect-based meal to zoos and pet-food makers. (A Florida company, Tasty Worms Nutrition, sells dried, whole fly larvae from EnviroFlight to owners of backyard chickens and exotic lizards, under the brand name Tasty Grubs, at $50 for a five-pound bag.) EnviroFlight also packages and sells the larvae waste as an all-natural fertilizer.
As for the livestock feed, Courtright hopes to get the green light from the Food and Drug Administration by the end of next year. (FDA spokeswoman Jennifer Corbett Dooren refused to comment on pending petitions, citing agency policy.) In the meantime, with approval from the Ohio Department of Agriculture, EnviroFlight has been running tests with select fish farmers. Results have been positive. In one research trial run jointly by Ohio State and Kentucky State universities in 2012, freshwater prawns were raised on a diet of either EnviroFlight's fly-based meal or a traditional feed made for catfish. The prawns grew to be nearly identical in size and taste, says head researcher and aquaculture specialist Laura Tiu. One difference was that the prawns fed on fly larvae were "lighter in color, more like saltwater prawns," she says, not necessarily a bad thing. The other big difference? EnviroFlight's feed was 16 percent cheaper.
The company is also conducting its own research and trials to get black soldier fly larvae meal registered in the Association of American Feed Control Officials rule book for approved animal feeds, the bible of the industry. Once Courtright has AAFCO approval, which he expects to get next year, EnviroFlight should be able to start selling fly-based meal to farmers of trout, yellow tail, and salmon, and consumers will begin to see fly-fed fish on restaurant menus. EnviroFlight will also be able to sell its insect meal as an additive for pig and chicken feeds.
Courtright estimates he can produce around 300 tons of black soldier fly larvae feed per year in his 3,600-square-foot production space. But his ultimate plan is to license his technology and know-how to businesses that want to convert industrial space—particularly, locations near a ready supply of edible byproducts or food scraps—into fly factories for feed. "The business model is, we set it up, we sell the hardware, and we take a piece of the revenue," says Courtright. "We're already in serious talks with global feed ingredient producers."
EnviroFlight does have some global competition—a handful of privately funded startups around the world are also trying to produce livestock feed from black soldier flies, including Enterra Feed of Canada, Ynsect of France, Entologics of Brazil, Protix Biosystems of the Netherlands, and AgriProtein Technologies from South Africa. Some have already hit regulatory snags. Kees Aarts, founder of Protix Biosystems, had lined up more than 10 million euros in funding last year for a facility to feed larvae animal byproducts from supermarkets, but investment stalled when the European Food Safety Authority deemed insects to be a "farmed animal" that couldn't eat another animal. The EU is now weighing what larvae should be allowed to eat as well as what sorts of livestock can eat larvae-based feed.
Though U.S. regulators seem more favorably disposed, Courtright still faces another big test: scaling from a prototype to a large commercial enterprise. "Anybody can do something once," says EnviroFlight investor Carl F. Kohrt, a former board member of the Scotts Miracle-Gro Co. "Can you do it a thousand times? A million times? And get exactly the same results? You have to be disciplined and focused, particularly if your product is to be suitable for human consumption." Kohrt says he has confidence in Courtright and his "analytical, very methodical" approach.
Recently, though, there have been a few hiccups. Last autumn, Courtright had been feeling good about the business—with 10 full-time employees overseeing breeding, milling, and product testing. Then, the polar vortex happened. The company suffered a major power outage during subzero temperatures that wiped out most of the larvae reserved for breeding.
Now, Courtright says, he's ready for anything. "Our systems are tested and ready to go through any weather extreme, even another polar vortex. I am confident this will work anywhere in the world now," he says, sounding like a battle-tested commanding officer. "My competitors are doing this in temperate zones, like South Africa. I'm doing this in Ohio. The weather in Ohio stinks, OK? Don't print that."

GVK Bio under European drug regulator scannerUpdated: October 1, 2014 23:27 IST
GVK Bio under European drug regulator scanner
PTI
pharmaceutical
The European Medicines Agency (EMA) has started a review in connection with the findings of alleged non-compliance with good clinical practice (GCP) at a facility owned by GVK Biosciences.
The European body’s action follows an inspection by the French medicines agency, ANSM, which raised concerns over study data used by GVK Bio to support the marketing authorisation applications of generic medicines.
“The review will cover nationally authorised medicines whose marketing authorisation applications included clinical data from studies conducted by GVK Biosciences Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad. The review of medicines for which studies have been conducted by GVK Bio has been initiated at the request of the European Commission, under Article 31 of Directive 2001/83/EC,” a European drug regulator statement said.
When contacted GVK, a company official said that from May 19 to 23, a regulatory inspector from ANSM inspected their Hyderabad Clinical facility and the company had submitted necessary clarifications to the French authorities. Further, we were invited by the European authorities, GVK BIO met the European authorities in-person last week, presented the data and demonstrated how we have optimised our processes internally.
“We are in the resolution stage and hope to close the matter to their satisfaction at the earliest.

Modis US visit disappointing  says CongModi’s US visit disappointing, says Cong
Our Bureau
Much in a name Protesting Congress activists, in Kolkata on Wednesay, seek an apology from Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his recent speech in New York, where he called Gandhiji ‘Mohanlal’ Karamchand Gandhi. PTI
New Delhi, October 1:  
The Congress has termed the US visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi as “disappointing.” The party said there were no major takeaways of the “much-hyped” visit.
Party spokesperson Anand Sharma said people were made to believe that there will be major agreements and big changes in Indo-US relations. “We will wait and see when all these investments come in. It is not going to happen in months, it will take years. But the very fact is that out national currency has become volatile again and the rupee has fallen against the dollar since the change in the Government. That is a matter of concern,” he said.
Sharma added there were just 18,000 people at the Madison Square Garden and it was not a big thing. “They were not poor. They had booked seats at $5,000-10,000 per seat. Who will not come if you have the best of artistes, dancers and musicians from India performing?” he asked. “To have a gathering of 18,000 people is no big thing, when 3 million people of Indian origin live in the US, when definitely a sizeable population of cheerleaders went from India,” he added.
Congress deputy leader in the Lok Sabha Amarinder Singh said the Prime Minister must spell out to the nation what was new and what he had achieved for the country from the US visit.
“Hype and hyperbole apart, the Indo-US strategic partnership is a long and continuous process and it would be wrong to relate it with one single event or one single visit of a Prime Minister to that country,” he said.
Singh said as the dust starts to settle down over the Prime Minister’s recent US visit, it emerges that at best Modi has been able to get a commitment over the continuation of the strategic partnership between India and the US built by the UPA Government.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Now  an anonymous platform for tip-offs on market manipulationNow, an anonymous platform for tip-offs on market manipulation
Sachin P Mampatta | Mumbai Oct 01, 2014 10:50 PM IST
To check wrongdoing in markets, the National Stock Exchange (NSE) has put in place an anonymous whistle-blower mechanism, similar to the Dodd-Frank Whistleblower Programme in the US.
The US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)’s whistle-blower mechanism has had a fair degree of success. Overall, the programme has received about 3,000 tip-offs, from 55 foreign countries. In 2013, India ranked fifth in terms of the number of tip-offs provided to US regulators (18), according to annual data on the programme.
The NSE’s platform for tip-offs on cases relating to market manipulation and regulatory violations is web-based. The platform can be accessed on the exchange’s website, which also provides a toll-free number for providing tip-offs.
“This section intends to invite information and tips on violations/manipulations that might adversely affect the market quality and integrity…NSE treats all tips and information received under this section as confidential and does not disclose such information to anyone, unless required by statute, regulation or court of law,” said a note.
“Anyone in the market can use this anonymous portal to report any important surveillance-related information to the exchange,” said an NSE spokesperson.
The mechanism has been in place for about 45 days. The exchange declined to provide information on the number of tip-offs received so far, citing confidentiality issues.
A source said BSE and Multi Commodity Exchange-Stock Exchange also had dedicated email addresses for investor grievances. Requests for comment to both didn’t receive replies.
WHISTLE-BLOWER PLATFORM FOR THE STOCK MARKET
What does the platform do?
It allows people to provide tips on wrongdoing anonymously
What kind of tips is the exchange looking for?
Primarily on market manipulation and violation of regulations
What are the ways in which a whistle-blower can pass on information?
Whistle-blowers can do it through a telephone number or web portal
Where else is this practised in the world?
The United States SEC has a strong whistle-blower platform in place. The Nigerian Stock Exchange recently launched one, called ‘X-Whistle’
How could it be made more effective?
Experts say offering a reward may spur more tips. However, an effective investigation arm which can quickly and accurately get to the bottom of complaints is a must
Vidya Rajarao, partner (forensic services), Grant Thornton India LLP, said such platforms could be a useful way of identifying irregularities. “A whistle-blowing mechanism is an effective tool to report instances of wrongdoing, as whistle-blowers will have intimate knowledge of possible violations and misconduct. However, the mechanism must be anonymous and confidential. The focus should be on original and credible information, supported by adequate evidence, which a regulator can act upon,” she said.
Rohit Mahajan, senior director and head, Deloitte’s forensic services (India), said global regulators were increasingly waking up to the benefits of putting in place a whistle-blowing system. “The concept of an exchange incorporating a similar mechanism is gaining traction globally. In the US, the concept of whistle-blowing is perhaps the most advanced, as it has been put in place by the regulator — the SEC… This trend is gradually picking up in some developing/emerging markets, too. One such case in point is the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NGSE) which launched a whistle-blowing portal (X-Whistle) earlier this year.”
The SEC also has a reward programme for whistle-blowers — it provides a reward of 10-30 per cent of monetary sanctions imposed as a result of a tip-off.
“Whether the exchange offers rewards similar to those offered by the SEC remains to be seen. It might not be necessary to pay as much, since many well-known whistle-blowers have clearly been motivated principles, rather than monetary rewards,” said Deloitte’s Mahajan.
Jagvinder Brar, partner (forensics), KPMG in India, said a reward system might work well, provided investigations were efficient. “In India, one has to treat a financial reward system with caution....Such systems work best in an enabling environment, in which investigating agencies are able to resolve complaints quickly and with a high degree of confidence,” he said.

Trade unions may resist attempt to appoint outsider as CIL ChiefUpdated: October 1, 2014 23:39 IST
Trade unions may resist attempt to appoint ‘outsider’ as CIL Chief
Special Correspondent
unions
The government’s move to appoint a Chairman-cum-Managing Director at Coal India Ltd. (CIL) may run into problems with trade unions opposing the plan to rope in someone from the private sector.
Although the Public Enterprises Selection Board will be involved in the entire process, some of the criteria, which had been set for the selection process, leave the scope wide open for private sector participants, it is felt.
The government has said that CEOs, CMDs, president and directors in listed companies with an average turnover of over Rs.5,000 crore in the last three years are eligible to apply.
“This is very suspect,” said S. Q. Zama, a senior INTUC trade union leader associated with the coal sector
Left trade unions too are opposed to the idea, questioning how the chief of a Rs.5,000-crore turnover company will be able to steer the CIL, which clocked a revenue of Rs.89,395 crore in 2013-14.
Relevant experience in the mining/coal sector is also not mandatory as per the criteria.
It may be mentioned that Union Coal Minister Piyush Goyal had earlier talked about setting up of a search committee to scout for a chief for CIL giving indications that the government was open to lassoing in a private sector candidate. CIL has been headless since May end.

When Ebola comes to the U.S.  who stands to profitBy Abby Ohlheiser October 1 Follow @abbyohlheiser
The number of people being monitored for symptoms of Ebola in the U.S. is growing. Here's how the virus spreads and how contact tracing works to stop outbreaks. (Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post)
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announced Tuesday that a person has been diagnosed with Ebola in the United States. The market reacted accordingly.
Here are some examples of those who might profit from Ebola's continued spread, more than six months into the deadliest outbreak in history.
Drug manufacturers
The most striking monetary effect of the CDC's announcement was encapsulated in this headline from USA Today: "Ebola stocks soar after infection hits U.S."
Yes, the makers of experimental drugs that have a shot at becoming the first confirmed Ebola treatment fared well in the markets after the Ebola-in-the-U.S. news broke.
"The first confirmed Ebola case in the U.S. is fanning fears around the country, but it's also driving greed in some corners of the stock market," CNNMoney said .
It was just the latest in a series of boons for those companies.
Here's a chart showing the stock price for Tekmira, the makers of TKM-Ebola, over the past three months, via Wall Street Journal's Market Watch :
That giant spike in August coincided with the FDA's announcement that the agency would loosen its hold on the development of Tekmira's Ebola drug.
In late September, health officials announced that they would begin clinical trials in West Africa for several of the most promising experimental drugs designed to treat Ebola. Researchers are determining which drugs to test, but it's known that the trials will include medications produced by Mapp Biopharmaceutical, Sarepta and Tekmira.
And here is Tekmira's stock price charted over the past five days:
Sarepta's shares jumped 8 percent in after-hours trading after the CDC's Tuesday announcement. Sarepta makes another Ebola drug that the company says has been effective in treatments applied to monkeys.
In an interview with CNBC on Tuesday night, Sarepta Therapeutics CEO Chris Garabedian said that the company had about 100 doses of its experimental drug available, adding: "Yes, we need more funding to take the drug materials that we have currently to convert that into upwards of 100 more courses of therapy, or more." Garabedian didn't have a cost estimate for such an operation, saying: "We would need to determine those costs and what kind of revenues would need to come into the company for us to be able to do that."
Mapp, maker of another promising Ebola treatment, is privately held. That drug was used to treat two American doctors who contracted the deadly virus while working on the front lines of Ebola in West Africa. While those patients recovered, it's not clear at this point whether that recovery was due to the drug, or some other aspect of their treatment.
In August, Mapp announced that its small, existing supply of ZMapp was exhausted, after a shipment of the medication to a West African country.
As the Wall Street Journal points out , pharmaceutical companies rarely have a financial incentive to work on treatments for rare diseases such as Ebola, which usually kills no more than hundreds in a typical year.
But that's been changing recently: Research and development spending on rarer illnesses such as Ebola and TB went up 20 percent between 2008 and 2012, according to the Journal.
It's worth noting that conspiracy theorists got busy upon Ebola's arrival in the United States.  "Ebola: Collaboration Between the Pentagon and Pharmaceutical Corporations," Infowars.com said.
The Ebola virus. (CDC via Associated Press)
Natural remedy marketers
Health scares cause all sorts of things to happen. One of the more reliable byproducts of something like the Ebola outbreak in Africa (and its arrival in the U.S.) is the marketing of products that aren't actually drugs as potential cures or treatments for the illness.
This is something the FDA anticipated would happen this year, as Ebola began to spread across West Africa. "Oftentimes with public health incidences, like Ebola or even during H1n1, we see products that are marketed, often online, that claim to treat or cure the disease ... without FDA approval," FDA spokesperson Stephanie Yao said in an earlier interview with The Post .
Last week, the agency sent letters to three companies, alerting them that some of their paid consultants were marketing their products -- which included essential oils and organic dark chocolate bars -- as Ebola cures and treatments against FDA regulations.
Although two of the companies in question made it very clear in statements to The Post that they don't condone the marketing of their products in this way, one company was promoting the idea itself.
Natural Solutions Foundation claimed in its online marketing materials that its Nano Silver product could cure Ebola, Hepatitis B and C, and H1N1, among other diseases. "WHO, FDA, the New York Times, etc., have gone on a rampage of disonformation [sic] to keep you in the dark about natural ways to dispose of dangerous microbes without damaging your beneficial bacteria," the company added.
We've gone into the FDA's action against the marketing materials in question in more detail, here .
 Hedge funds
This example isn't specifically linked to the news of the first Ebola case diagnosed in the U.S., but it turns out that the spread of Ebola through West Africa prompted some hedge funds to bet on it affecting cocoa prices.
The countries hardest hit by the outbreak border the Ivory Coast, one of the world's largest cocoa producers. According to Bloomberg , the possibility that Ebola will spread there is one of many factors leading experts to speculate that cocoa prices will continue to rise.
A Sept. 24 Moody's report cited by Bloomberg notes that Ebola control measures might produce labor shortages during the beginning of cocoa's harvest season in October.
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.

Vijay Mallya has to clear loan defaults to serve as USL chairman: DiageoComments
Loan default cases against Vijay Mallya and his UB Group may cast a shadow over his continuation as chairman of United Spirits Ltd (USL) in the future, with its current parent, UK-based Diageo, making it clear in a statement from its headquarters in London.
Mallya got re-elected as chairman of USL with the support of majority shareholders during the company’s annual general meeting on Tuesday.
Diageo’s contractual obligations to support Mallya continuing as non-executive director and chairman of USL are subject to United Breweries Holding Ltd (UBHL) holding at least 1.3 million shares as well as “the absence of certain defaults by UBHL or Mallya,” said the statement, which was put out on Diageo’s website, a day after the USL annual general meeting.
With UBHL still holding about 4.6 million shares, Mallya may not face challenges as far as his stake in United Spirits is concerned. However, if Diageo raises concerns over default cases, Mallya might find it difficult to stay at the helms of USL. Mallya is fighting various default cases filed by his creditors including public and private sector banks.
Besides this, USL, under Diageo, has initiated inquiry into loans the company had lent to various UB Group entities.
“After the re-election his position on the USL board now looks solid. But With close to 55% shares, Diageo has enough influence to effect a change,” said an expert in company law who sits on the board of a few companies.
Meanwhile, the UB Group lost a position on the board of USL following the reduction in shareholding after creditors invoked pledged shares. 
“Following a reduction in its shareholding in USL, UBHL is no longer entitled to recommend an independent director to the USL board under the shareholders agreement between the Diageo group and the UBHL group,” said the statement from Diageo.
Diageo now has four members on the board of USL including managing director Anand Kripalu, Paul Walsh, Ravi Rajagopal and PA Murali while Mallya remains the lone member from UB Group, which is now a minority shareholder.
A mail to the UB Group, seeking response on Diageo’s statement did not elicit any response till the time of going to the press.

Samsung China Supplier Sues US Labor WatchdogAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Europe bourses fall ahead of ECB meeting© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fe8314f2-49e2-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modi issues  Clean India  challenge  targets celebrities for viral campaign— sachin tendulkar (@sachin_rt) October 2, 2014
Actor Aamir Khan, who has 8.63 million Twitter fans, joined Modi on stage to show his support for the cause. By adding celebrities to his list of supporters for the cause, the PM is delegating some of the heavy lifting so that the campaign can gain momentum. 
Sirf ek kadam... pic.twitter.com/vbA8xE4bLd
— Aamir Khan (@aamir_khan) October 2, 2014
Given his cleverly chosen nominees, the PM’s appeal and fierce online social media campaign has the potential to go viral. 
 
The numbers that some of the nominees command is formidable: Salman Khan has 8.4 million followers on Twitter, Priyanka Chopra has 7.12 million, Baba Ramdev has 1.9 lac followers, while Shashi Tharoor is followed by a humongous 2.3 million people.
 
Each nominee has to invite nine other people to take up Modi’s pledge, and each of those has to invite nine others, creating a viral pyramid of contributors to the effort.
 
Modi on Thursday launched the 'Swachh Bharat' (Clean India) campaign at Valmiki Basti, home to a large section of Dalit population, in New Delhi by sweeping the street and ordering other government officials to do the same.
 
The prime minister is widely known for his use of social media as a tool to reach out to masses, something that worked brilliantly for him during the general election of 2014 as well. He has even used social media as a direct communication tool with the people, largely eschewing traditional media such as print and television.
 
“I have decided to start a cleanliness campaign on social media. I have launched the #MyCleanIndia campaign on Twitter” the Prime Minister told the crowd at his speech earlier today.
 
Depending on the potential of viral trends has become 'the' thing to do in recent times, both evidenced and copied by the Ice bucket challenge to its Indian version, the Rice Bucket challenge, Even Bollywood has jumped on to the bandwagon, with Hrithik Roshan's trying to promote his upcoming movie through an online challenge to industry colleagues. 
 

MS Windows 10 seems comfortingly familiar to...Microsoft's Windows 10 seems comfortingly familiar to many
By New York Times | 2 Oct, 2014, 02.54PM IST
0
Share More
The changes reflect Microsoft's continued search for a formula that will reinvigorate Windows and, along with it, sales of PCs, which have flagged badly.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Nick Wingfield
SAN FRANCISCO: Microsoft appears to believe that the next version of its operating system is such a big change that it's calling the software Windows 10, skipping the more logical Windows 9.
But compared with Windows 8, its much-maligned predecessor, the rough sketch of Windows 10 that Microsoft showed for the first time this week will seem comfortingly familiar to many.
The changes reflect Microsoft's continued search for a formula that will reinvigorate Windows and, along with it, sales of PCs, which have flagged badly in recent years. While Microsoft has lost a lot of cachet to Apple, Google and other companies that shape the mobile market, Windows still runs most PCs.
With Windows 8, Microsoft redesigned its operating system for a world increasingly populated with touch-screen devices, creating a start screen that looked unlike any Windows desktop before it. It filled the screen with a grid of tiles that allowed users to open applications with the tap of a finger and to see a constant flow of photos, Facebook updates and emails.
But the new interface was deeply polarizing among users and seemed to overlook the fact that most people still use Windows on devices with a mouse and keyboard, not a touch screen.
"We didn't quite get it right," Joe Belfiore, a corporate vice president in Microsoft's operating systems group, said at the company's event Tuesday.
Although Microsoft is not getting rid of the start screen with Windows 10, it is tucking it away so that many users may never see it. The software borrows some elements of the tile interface, but they will pop up on the screen only when a user clicks a menu button at the bottom of the screen.
The main screen of Windows 10 uses the desktop interface that Microsoft has used for decades. Microsoft began making it easier for its users to get rid of the tile interface with updates to Windows 8, but the new software goes further.
"This is what Windows 8 should have been," said Carolina Milanesi, chief of research with Kantar Worldpanel ComTech, a consumer research group.
Microsoft executives emphasized that the company was not giving up on making touch an important part of Windows. If someone uses Windows 10 on a hybrid device with a keyboard and a touch screen - Microsoft's Surface is one example - the software will reformat itself with the tile interface when a keyboard is detached. Some analysts predict that eventually most PCs will incorporate touch screens.
Despite the familiar look, Microsoft executives said skipping the Windows 9 name was justified by other ambitious changes in the software. The operating system now shares a lot of code with other Microsoft products, including its smartphone operating system, which will let developers more easily create apps that work across different devices.
Microsoft said it planned to brief big business customers on the changes. Those customers represent Microsoft's most dependable source of profit, and they have largely ignored Windows 8.
According to a study by Forrester Research, only about 1 in 5 organizations offers Windows 8 on PCs to employees. Many businesses run Windows 7 , which came out about four years ago.
David K. Johnson , a Forrester analyst, said, "Microsoft needs to give enterprises reasons to move to a new version before it becomes a crisis."
With Windows 10, Microsoft wants to give business customers the opportunity to provide input on the software before it is finished, said Terry Myerson , executive vice president of Microsoft's operating system group. The product will not be released in final form until the latter half of next year.
"It's a little bit of a journey," Myerson said. "We decided to jump off today before we had all the answers."

Jailed Jaya in  good health   party MPs fast for herJailed Jaya in 'good health', party MPs fast for her
PTI  New Delhi/ Bangalore , October 02, 2014
First Published: 14:46 IST(2/10/2014) | Last Updated: 15:53 IST(2/10/2014)
Forty five AIADMK MPs Thursday observed a fast in front of Mahatma Gandhi's statue in parliament complex, demanding justice for party supremo and former Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa.
 
The MPs began their fast at 10 am and would continue till 5 pm, AIADMK parliamentary party leader P Venugopal said.
 
Wondering why there was "delay" in hearing her bail plea, he demanded that Jayalalithaa be granted "immediate relief as per law".
 
"The aim of the fast is to draw the nation's attention to the delay in granting bail to our leader. The judgement was given on Saturday, which was followed by Dussehra holidays," he added.
Advertisement
Jayalalithaa was sentenced to four years in jail in the 18-year-old disproportionate assets case and fined a staggering Rs. 100 crore by a special court in Bangalore on September 27.
Earlier this week a vaction bench adjourned her bail plea hearing to October 7, leading to widespread protests by her supporters.
Jayalalithaa keeping good health: jail official
Meanwhile  Jayalalithaa is keeping good health and eating simple food besides reading newspapers at the Parapanna Agrahara Central prison where she is lodged after conviction in the disproportionate assets case, according to a jail official.
 
"Everything you are hearing outside, it is not true. She is stable and keeping good health, but she is eating simple food," the official told PTI, dismissing speculation about her well being.
 
Asked what food items were served to her, the official said the former chief minister ate one or two chappatis, bread, milk or biscuits, everyday.
 
Contrary to reports that Jayalalithaa was ordering food from outside, he said, "There is no truth in it. We are giving her the food. She is not ordering food from outside."
Asked about the medical arrangements made in the jail, the official said there are six doctors in the prison, who regularly attend to the medical needs of the jailmates, including Jayalalithaa.
 
Jayalalithaa, who is now prisoner number 7402 at the jail, wakes up early in the morning and takes a stroll in the premises of the prison, the official said.
 
The 66-year-old former chief minister, who has been allotted VVIP cell number 23 of the prison, also reads newspapers without fail, he said.
 
Replying to another question, the official said Jayalalithaa continued not to meet anybody including AIADMK leaders or supporters.

Obama security lapses: US secret service chief Julia Pierson quitsprint
The director of Secret Service Julia Pierson abruptly resigned Wednesday in the face of multiple revelations of security breaches, bumbling in her agency and rapidly eroding confidence that President Barack Obama and his family were being kept safe.
Once highly respected for its professionalism, the Secret Service, which protects the president, his family, the vice president and former presidents, has been trying to rehabilitate its image since a 2012 prostitution scandal erupted during a presidential visit to Colombia.
US secret service director Julia Pierson testifies at the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington. (Reuters)
That trust was shaken by a series of failures in the agency's critical job of protecting the president, including a breach on September 19, when a knife-carrying man climbed over the White House fence and made it deep into the executive mansion before being stopped.
President Barack Obama "concluded new leadership of that agency was required," said White House spokesman Josh Earnest.
A White House official told The Associated Press that the final straw was the revelation that Obama was never briefed about an incident in which he rode an elevator with an armed security contractor during a visit to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta just days before the White House breach.
Although Pierson offered her resignation without being asked, Obama had already told aides he thought she should go, the official said, adding that nobody put up any resistance when she offered to step down.
The official was not authorized to discuss the issue and requested anonymity.
High-ranking lawmakers from both the Republican and Democratic parties had urged Secret Service Director Julia Pierson to step down after her poorly received testimony to Congress a day earlier - and revelation of yet another security problem: Obama had shared an elevator in Atlanta last month with an armed guard who was not authorized to be around him.
That appeared to be the last straw that crumbled trust in her leadership in the White House. Earnest said Obama and his staff did not learn about that breach until just before it was made public in news reports Tuesday.
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said Joseph Clancy, retired head of the agency's Presidential Protective Division, would come out of retirement to lead the Secret Service temporarily.
Taking further steps to restore trust in the beleaguered agency, Johnson also outlined an independent inquiry into the agency's operations.
Republicans quickly served notice that Pierson's resignation and the inquiry ordered by Johnson would not end their investigation.
"Problems at the Secret Service pre-date Ms. Pierson's tenure as director, and her resignation certainly does not resolve them," said Rep. Darrell Issa, the Republican chairman of the House Oversight Committee.
In an interview with Bloomberg after her resignation was announced, Pierson said, "It's painful to leave as the agency is reeling from a significant security breach."
"Congress has lost confidence in my ability to run the agency," she said. "The media has made it clear that this is what they expected."
She said she met Johnson on Wednesday and "after that discussion I felt this was the noble thing to do." She added that her departure would "take pressure off the organization."
Rep. Jason Chaffetz, a Republican and a leader of the congressional inquiry, called her resignation "the right thing to do, it had to happen, but there are some systemic challenges that must be addressed."
Some revelations came from whistleblowers who contacted Chaffetz, and he suggested more damaging stories may emerge. "Unfortunately there are more out there and we'll see how that goes," he said.
After a congressional hearing Tuesday into the Sept. 19 breach and an earlier one, reports emerged of still another. The Atlanta elevator incident was the first known Secret Service failure to unfold in the presence of the president. The first family was not at the White House when the recent intruder entered.
The White House learned about the Atlanta episode only about when lawmakers and the public did - when the Washington Examiner and The Washington Post reported it, Earnest said.
Obama had not been told about it previously, Earnest said. This, despite Pierson's statement to the committee that she briefs the president "100 percent of the time" about threats to his personal security and those at the White House. She said the only time she had briefed him this year was after the Sept. 19 White House intrusion.
The man accused of running into the White House on Sept. 19, Omar J. Gonzalez, pleaded not guilty Wednesday in a brief appearance in federal court. He is accused of unlawfully entering a restricted building while carrying a deadly weapon, which is a federal charge, and two violations of District of Columbia law - carrying a dangerous weapon outside a home or business and unlawful possession of ammunition.
Wearing a standard prison-issue orange jump suit, Gonzalez sat attentively at the defense table but did not address the court as his lawyer entered the plea.

Jailed Sahara Chief Asks to Leave Jail for Aunt s FuneralRoyal Enfield on Expansion Mode, to Set Up Third Plant
Subrata Roy, the jailed chief of India's Sahara conglomerate, wants to leave prison immediately to perform the last rites for an aunt who died this morning.
Mr Roy's lawyers have urged the Supreme Court to hear his request urgently. They say Mr Roy's aunt lived with him for 25 years and had no children so the billionaire is needed for her cremation.
Mr Roy, 66, who was arrested in March, was moved back to a cell in Tihar Jail after living in a makeshift prison office for two months as he tried to negotiate the sale of his luxury hotels including Grosvenor House in London and the Plaza in New York.
Mr Roy needs to raise Rs 10,000 crore from the hotel sales to have a chance of release on bail.
He was jailed for contempt of court amid a long-running dispute with the capital markets watchdog over Sahara's failure to repay billions of dollars to investors in bond schemes that were declared illegal. (With Reuters Inputs)
Story first published on: October 02, 2014 15:21 (IST)

Asian Games: Holders India stay on course for double gold in kabaddi7
1
Incheon: Defending champions India stayed on course for double gold in kabaddi as the sport's powerhouse stormed into the finals of both men and women's events respectively, with resounding wins at the 17th Asian Games, here on Thursday.
Chasing an unprecedented eighth yellow metal in the mega-event, the Indian men defeated South Korea 36-25 in the semi-final to cruise into yet another final. India scored 14 points to Korea's 12 at the end of first half, but raised their game in the second to log another 22 points as against the opposition's 13.
India earned seven bonus points in the first half and 1 in the second, besides two lona each in the both halves. There was no lona for Korea, who were awarded five bonus points in the match.
File photo of India
#india #thailand #kabaddi #asian games 2014
India had earlier beaten Pakistan, Bangladesh and Thailand to top Group A with an all-win record. Indian men have won the kabaddi gold in each edition since the sport was added in the 1990 Games.
Earlier, the Indian women's kabaddi team recorded a comprehensive 41-28 victory over Thailand in the semifinals and stormed into the title clash with a lot of confidence while ensuring at least a silver medal.
While both teams were tied at 14-14 at the end of first half, the Indians were at their devastating best in the second half as they scored 27 points to the opposition's 14, ensuring a comfortable win in the process.
India won 2 bonus points in the first half and four in the second besides as many lona on court 2 of Songdo Global University Gymnasium. They will meet Iran, who have beaten Bangladesh in the semifinal, in the title clash tomorrow.
In contrast, Thailand earned seven bonus points in the first half and six in the second, but there was not a single lona.
In the initial phase, the Indian women had produced a clinical performance to outwit hosts South Korea 45-26 and ensure their passage into the last-four stage as group toppers. India had beaten Bangladesh in their opening match.
5

Banks need $ 200 bn capital in next 5 years:...Banks need $ 200 billion capital in next 5 years: Fitch
PTI Oct 2, 2014, 04.15PM IST
Tags:
Bank
(The state-owned banks reported…)
NEW DELHI: Indian banks will need $ 200 billion additional capital over the next five years to meet Basel III capital adequacy norms and the demand for funds as growth picks up, Fitch Ratings said today.
The rating agency expects improvement in asset quality of Indian banks with pick up in economic growth.
"Progress will be led by improvement in the cyclical sectors, which is likely to benefit from a sustained economic recovery," it said.
The state-owned banks reported stressed assets of around 12 per cent in 2013-14, versus around 4 per cent of private banks and 10 per cent for the banking system, according to Fitch.
The agency said it "expects Indian banks to require over $ 200 billion in capital as growth picks up and banks progress towards Basel III."
Fitch said there is emergence of some early signs of stability in asset-quality at certain large state-owned banks.
The agency expects the trend to gain strength as economic growth picks up pace with India's real GDP growth projected at 5.5 per cent in FY15 and 6.5 per cent in FY16, it said.
"That is against the backdrop of a new government with a clear electoral mandate and a renewed focus on policy reforms, which is likely to set the stage for a cyclical recovery," it added.
It said Indian banks' capital needs are likely to rise incrementally until the full phase-in of the Basel III regime in the financial year ending March 2019.
State-owned banks, which account for around 75 per cent of system assets, will require the bulk of this new capital, as they suffer from lower capitalisation, high stressed assets and weak earnings, Fitch said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jan Dhan Yojana: 5.29 crore accounts opened ...Axis Bank
(The benefit of Pradhan Mantri…)
NEW DELHI: Finance Ministry today said 5.29 crore bank accounts have been opened and 1.78 crore RuPay debit cards have been issued so far under the Jan Dhan Yojana.
"As on date, 5.29 crore accounts have been opened under PMJDY, of which 3.12 crore are in rural and 2.17 crore are in urban areas. RuPay Card have been issued in 1.78 crore accounts," an official statement said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had launched this ambitious scheme of financial inclusion on August 28.
The benefit of Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) can be extended to existing account holders without opening a new account.
The statement said Mission Director and Additional Mission Director reviewed the progress in implementation of PMJDY with Executive Directors of PSU banks and some of the private banks such as Axis Bank , HDFC Bank , ICICI Bank and IndusInd Bank .
It said banks have been advised to increase their capacity to issue RuPay cards and clear the backlog quickly.
While most of the banks expect backlog to be cleared by October 15, in some banks it may take four weeks, it added.
Banks have initiated the survey work for identification of uncovered households which will be completed by October 10. This is excluding the states of Haryana and Maharashtra where survey work has been temporarily suspended in view of Assembly Elections, the statement said.
The main features of the PMJDY scheme include Rs 5,000 overdraft facility for Aadhar-linked accounts, RuPay Debit Card with in-built Rs 1 lakh accident insurance cover.
Besides, account holders under the scheme will get life insurance cover of Rs 30,000. This is an additional benefit that was announced by the Prime Minister during the launch of the scheme.
The government is also considering transfer of kerosene oil and LPG subsidies directly to bank accounts.
Presently, the government subsidies the products so that consumers can buy fuel below market price, however, under direct benefit transfer the consumer will be paid cash subsidy so that he can buy kerosene and LPG at market price.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hong Kong protesters and police are gearing up for a showdown tonightThe Future of Hong Kong
October 2, 2014
Hong Kong’s pro-democracy protests have been remarkably calm since Sunday evening, drawing families, new recruits and the merely curious  with a carnival-like atmosphere that owes much to the police’s laissez-faire approach over a two-day public holiday.
But that may be about to change. Student leaders, including Scholarism founder Joshua Wong,  warned Thursday evening that police could take “ decisive action ” to clear the center of the protests later tonight and urged more people to join.
That’s because police said earlier today about 3,000 government officials would return to work tomorrow, and warned that security forces would take action if the protesters didn’t stop blocking government buildings. Later, the Hong Kong government issued a second warning , asking protesters not to block the central government offices, police headquarters or chief executives office, and to “disperse peacefully as soon as possible.”
This evening they began very publicly stocking riot supplies, including what appeared to be rubber bullets, tear gas and warning flags:
Student leader Agnes Chow says police are amassing, asks protesters to tell friends to come #Occupycentral pic.twitter.com/hLjnGRYg6y

FDI in telecom rises to $2.33 bn in Apr-JulyFDI in telecom rises to $2.33 bn in Apr-July
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 2:  
After registering a huge decline in the recent past, foreign direct investment in the telecom sector grew manifold to $2.33 billion in the first four months of 2014-15.
During the entire 2013-14 fiscal, the sector had received a total FDI of $1.3 billion.
FDI in the telecom sector, which includes radio paging, cellular mobile, basic telephone services, attracted only $12 million during April-July period of the last fiscal, as per the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion.
According to an industry expert, payment of spectrum auction and investments in network rollout are some of the factors that have helped attract more FDI in the sector.
In 2011-12, 2010-11 and 2009-10, the sector attracted FDI worth $1.99 billion, $1.66 billion and $2.55 billion respectively.
Increase in the foreign investment inflows in the sector helped the overall FDI, which increased by 52 per cent to $10.73 billion during April-July this fiscal.
Other sectors that received large FDI inflows during the first four-months of the current fiscal include services ($1.03 billion), Pharmaceuticals ($886 million) and construction ($430 million).
During the period, India received maximum FDI from Mauritius ($3.38 billion), Singapore ($1.66 billion), the UK ($824 million) and Japan ($834 million).
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Yes Bank picks SunTec s Xelerate for retail bankingYes Bank picks SunTec's Xelerate for retail banking
Mumbai, October 2:  
SunTec Business Solutions announced that Yes Bank, India's fourth largest private sector bank, has selected SunTec's Xelerate product suite for its revenue management and business assurance needs in its retail banking division. Yes Bank will use SunTec's technology to help launch new product packages and manage revenue streams more effectively.
Yes Bank operates in a unique market, and believes that the customer experience differentiation it can obtain with the help of SunTec will be key to successfully achieving its strategic objectives. In addition, Yes Bank will use the Xelerate product suite to streamline its pricing and billing process.
Yes Bank selected SunTec's technology after conducting a thorough evaluation process. SunTec's product suite incorporates the best aspects of technology from banking systems around the world.
Pralay Mondal, Senior Group President, Branch and Retail Banking, Yes Bank said "We see real value in SunTec's vision in providing futuristic solutions. Partnering with SunTec gives us the ability to quickly develop new products and improve our existing offerings. We are looking forward to working with SunTec to put our customer-centric business strategies into action."
Nanda Kumar, CEO of SunTec said "We are very pleased to be working with one of the most impressive players in the Indian financial services industry. The Indian retail banking sector is full of exciting opportunities, and we look forward to helping Yes Bank take advantage of them."
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

E-comm sites commence bookings for iPhone 6 seriesE-comm sites commence bookings for iPhone 6 series
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 2:  
E-commerce vendors have started offering the premium smartphone iPhone 6 at a price starting from around Rs 56,000, for which the official launch date and other details are yet to be announced by company.
A vendor at EBay is offering the iPhone 6 for about Rs 55,954 and promising October 8 as the estimated time to deliver the product without any extra shipping cost.
Another vendor on ShopClues.com in a mailer shared the price of the iPhone 6 16 GB with 4.7 inch screen size at Rs 59,999. The e-commerce firm is charging Rs 149 as shipping cost and promising to deliver by October 8.
Apple unveiled these phones on September 9 and reports have speculated that Apple may officially start selling the iPhone 6 series in India from mid-October or early November.
The Amazon website showed that the iPhone 6 is selling for around $750, including shipping cost, in the US, which amounts to about Rs 46,000.
Vendors at E-bay have also started pre-booking the iPhone 6 Plus, which has a 5.5 inch screen and price starting at around Rs 77,000.
Both the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 plus come with an 8 megapixel camera and a 1.2 Mp front camera. Both these phones support the 2G, 3G and 4G network. They come in three versions in terms of storage: 16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB.
Compared to the thickness of 7.6 mm of iPhone 5S, the sixth generation has a thickness of 6.9 mm (iPhone 6) and 7.1 mm (iPhone 6 Plus), respectively.
According to research firm IDC, during the second quarter of 2014 Samsung was the market leader with 25.2 per cent share of the global smartphone market, followed by Apple (11.9 per cent) and Huawei (6.9 per cent).
A total of 295.3 million smartphones were shipped in the April-June 2014 quarter, up 23.1 per cent from 240 million in the same period last year.
ShopClues declined to comment, while no comments were received from Apple and EBay.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Wills Lifestyle to expand network in Tier II marketsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Wills Lifestyle to expand network in Tier II markets
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 2:  
Diversified conglomerate ITC is expanding network of its apparel retail chain Wills Lifestyle in tier II markets and is expecting increase of sales through online medium in the coming year from the non-metro places.
The company, which is presently operating with 100 stores, is looking at places such as Jammu, Bareilly, Udaipur, Gangtok, Jamshedpur, Saharanpur and Haldwani in for its next phase of growth.
"The plan is to be able to open 25 odd stores in this financial year. Already we have opened 10 and the rest 15 would come later. The whole idea will be to look at tier II markets, because there the markets are growing there," ITC Lifestyle Retailing Business Division Chief Executive Atul Chand told PTI
Organised retails and malls are coming up in the secondary markets and consumers are getting more affluent and becoming more aware of fashion, brand and choice, which is a good sign, he said.
"We have opened recently in last one month in Bareilly, Udaipur, Jammu and Gangtok. Now we are looking at Jamshedpur, Saharanpur, Haldwani," Chand said.
He said the market is also picking up during the festive season but did not elaborate of the company's sales expectations.
ITC, which has forayed into online sales through its own portal, is expecting increase in traction through the medium.
"Today it would be around 5 to 7 per cent of the total sales, but it is growing. In the last one year, it has grown significantly," he said, adding that through this medium Wills as brand is reaching even in tier III and IV markets.
According to him, today online sales are not only through laptop or computer. Now a consumer has accessibility through smartphones which is fueling the market.
While bullish on the growth of online retail, he said the offline stores would also continue to grow in future.
"It would not only be online. The consumer will also want to integrate his experience between the brick store and click store. The consumer is now wanting the benefit of physical store as well as benefit of online store, which is an omni channel retail model. That is going to be direction forward for us to integrate the two things," Chand said.
Presently, ITC has around 100 stores of Wills Lifestyle and 400 of John players.
"We are increasing our stores for both so that we can reach out more tier II markets," he said.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Pakistans ISI closely connected with IM operatives: NIAPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 5:13 pm
Pakistan intelligence agency ISI was “closely connected” with top operatives of banned Indian Mujahideen (IM) and provided shelter to its members wanted in India, the National Investigation Agency has told a special court here.
The NIA said this in its supplementary charge sheet filed against 20 suspected IM operatives, including its absconding co-founders Riyaz Bhatkal and Iqbal Bhatkal, in connection with a case relating to larger conspiracy of the banned group to carry out terror activities across the country.
“Investigation has established that in pursuance of the conspiracy, accused A-10 (Riyaz Bhatkal) has remained closely connected with the ISI of Pakistan. The ISI organised training of IM operatives and also provided shelter to several accused persons, including A-10, after they were wanted by Indian courts for their involvement in terrorist activities,” the agency said.
The NIA also said that its probe in the case established that Iqbal Bhatkal, who is based in Pakistan, had associated with ISI to obtain funds and support.
“Investigation has established that accused Iqbal Bhatkal had associated himself with the Pakistani agency called as ISI for obtaining regular funding and infrastructural support for the IM operatives,” it said.
“Accused A-11 (Iqbal Bhatkal) was also summoned by the ISI officials on certain occasions and given directions. Due to the closeness of ISI with A-11, there were occasional intra-organisational rifts, as established during the investigation,” the NIA further said.
Out of the 20 accused named by NIA in its charge sheet, 17 have not been arrested yet while three others, Tehsin Akhtar, Haidar Ali and Zia-ur-Rehman, are in judicial custody in connection with the case.

History: Bad Oct. start isn t stock death sentenceEMAIL
Getty
It’s hard to sugarcoat it: The first trading of October was an unmitigated disaster, with the benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500 stock market tumbling 1.3%, its worst dive to kick off October since a 2.9% rout in 2011. The Dow also stumbled, tumbling 238 points. And the small-cap Russell 2000 stock index closed 10% below its March 4 record close, marking its first official price correction since the fall of 2012.
Those gruesome statistics did little to assuage investors’ anxiety, which was high entering the month, given October’s reputation for being susceptible to stock market crashes. The 1929 and 1987 crashes occurred in October.
Stocks were hit hard Wednesday by worries about global growth after weak manufacturing data in the eurozone, jitters over the first Ebola virus case reaching the USA and ongoing angst over the pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong. What’s more, October’s scary reputation as a month when the stock market tends to crash (think 1929 and 1987) also gave investors pause.
But one day does not a market make, nor does it rule out the possibility of a bounce-back rally. (In pre-market trading, stocks were virtually flat, with futures on the Dow Jones industrial average up 6 points.)
Investors can only hope that the stock market follows up its weak showing on Day 1 of October 2014 like it has the past dozen times it sank more than 1% on the first trading day of the third quarter. The S&P 500 has posted gains the next day, the next week and for the rest of October after spooky first days that drench investors in red ink, according to Bespoke Investment Group.
Bespoke’s analysis shows average gains of 0.9% the next day, with positive returns 10 of 12 times. The index was 3.1% higher a week later, and 3.8% higher by the end of the month.
How did the market fare after a 2.9% dip on the first day of October 2011? “Pretty darn good, actually,” Bespoke noted. The S&P 500 was up 8.7% a month later and 14% by the end of the month.

Asian Games Day 13 Live: Men s hockey  women s relay deliver double gold5:28 pm: 
5:28 pm: 
5:27 pm: Gold No. 9 as well. The women's 4x400m relay team have bagged another yellow metal for India. What a way to end the day!
5:12 pm: History has been created, the road to Olympics is now without hurdles, and the Asian Games Hockey gold is ours again after 1998. Congratulations, India!
5:10 pm: India beat Pakistan on penalty shootout to win men's hockey gold after 16 years and qualify for the 2016 Olympics
5:09 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final, India vs Pakistan: 1-1 at full-timePenalty shootout Pakistan: 0, 1, 0, 1India: 1, 1, 0, 1, 1
5:09 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final, India vs Pakistan: 1-1 at full-timePenalty shootout Pakistan: 0, 1, 0, 1India: 1, 1, 0, 1
5:08 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final, India vs Pakistan: 1-1 at full-timePenalty shootout Pakistan: 0, 1, 0India: 1, 1, 0, 1
5:08 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final, India vs Pakistan: 1-1 at full-timePenalty shootout: Sreejesh saves Pakistan: 0, 1, 0India: 1, 1, 0
5:07 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final, India vs Pakistan: 1-1 at full-timePenalty shootout: Manpreet's goal disallowedPakistan: 0, 1India: 1, 1, 0
5:06 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final, India vs Pakistan: 1-1 at full-timePenalty shootout Pakistan: 0, 1India: 1, 1
5:05 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final, India vs Pakistan: 1-1 at full-timePenalty shootout: Pakistan: 0India: 1, 1
5:05 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final, India vs Pakistan: 1-1 at full-timePenalty shootout: Sreejesh saves Pakistan: 0India: 1
5:04 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final, India vs Pakistan: 1-1 at full-timePenalty shootout Pakistan: 0India: 1
5:01 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final, India vs Pakistan: 1-1 at full-timePenalty shootout Pakistan: 0India: 0
5:00 pm: Penalty shootout: It's no longer decided through strokes. Rather it's a one on one between the goalkeeper and striker who runs from the 25-yard line and ball remains in play until the striker scores or the ball is declared dead by the umpire .
4:57 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final Full Time: India 1 - 1 Pakistan. Penalty shootout to decide the gold-medal winner.
4:56 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final 58th min: Ramandeep loses possession, Pakistan break. But India back in numbers.Fourth Quarter: India 1 - 1 Pakistan
4:55 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final Clock showing last 2 min of action. A goal here will be decisive. Fourth Quarter: India 1 - 1 Pakistan
4:54 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final 57th min: Three minutes left on the clock now.Fourth Quarter: India 1 - 1 Pakistan
4:52 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final 56th min: Pakistan skipper being cautioned by the umpire.Fourth Quarter: India 1 - 1 Pakistan
4:52 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final 55th min: Brilliant save once again by Imran Butt.Fourth Quarter: India 1 - 1 Pakistan
4:51 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final 55th min: PC for India. This is the chance.Fourth Quarter: India 1 - 1 Pakistan
4:49 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final 53rd min: Crafty deflection from Irfan but Sreejesh was alive to the danger. That was scary for India.Fourth Quarter: India 1 - 1 Pakistan
4:48 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final 52 min: No team willing to go all out at the moment. One goal here could seal the deal.Fourth Quarter: India 1 - 1 Pakistan
4:47 pm: Athletics: India finish sixth in Women's 4 x 100m Relay
4:46 pm: @DevangVyas: Direct shootout
4:46 pm: Will there be extra time if both team tied after 4th quarter or directly penalty shoot out?
4:46 pm: 
4:44 pm: @JasmeetSingh: Both have had 1 each
4:44 pm: Till now no team got PC right?
4:44 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final 48 min: Shakeel threatens with an overlapping run into the Indian circle but loses control. 16-yard hit.Fourth Quarter: India 1 - 1 Pakistan
4:43 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final Fourth Quarter: India 1 - 1 Pakistan
4:41 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final End of the Third Quarter: India 1 - 1 Pakistan
4:34 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final 42 min: Match held up, a Pakistan player is down just outside the Pak striking circle.Second Quarter: India 1 - 1 Pakistan
4:32 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final 40 min: The pace has slowed down a little but could be the lull before the storm. This is India vs PakistanThird Quarter: India 1 - 1 Pakistan
4:30 pm: Asian Games Men's Hockey Final 38 min: Good ball by Manpreet to Ramandeep who takes a reverse hit but saved by Butt.Third Quarter: India 1 - 1 Pakistan
4:29 pm: 

Only weak euro can save ECB‘How Adam Smith Can Change Your Life’, by Russ Roberts
What we’re writing about
Afghanistan Barack Obama China Chinese economy climate change ebola ECB EU Euro European Central Bank eurozone eurozone crisis G20 Germany India inflation investment Iraq Isis Mario Draghi markets Media monetary policy Pakistan Russia Scotland Syria Uighurs UK Ukraine US US Congress US economy US Federal Reserve US midterm elections 2014 US politics world health organisation
Categories

Walmart Targets The Poor With New Checking AccountsBy offering low-fee checking accounts, Walmart dares to go where most big banks won't. Few major financial institutions are willing to give lower-income Americans checking accounts these days -- without exorbitant fees.
But, unlike the big banks, Walmart really needs low-income customers.
The retail goliath on Wednesday announced it would offer customers checking accounts with no minimum balance and no fees for overdrafts or bounced checks. Those who get a direct deposit of at least $500 every month -- a floor that includes many people receiving government benefits -- will have the $8.95 monthly fee waived.
The decision to introduce the checking account, which will be available by the end of October, came after hearing from customers that “traditional banking fees are just too high,” said Molly Blakeman, a Walmart spokeswoman.  “We think that our customers have a need there and we’re looking to help them fill that."
Walmart’s core customers -- low-income Americans -- have been squeezed by government benefit cuts , high unemployment and stagnant wages.
The new checking account may offer some relief by cutting the cost of financial services, like paying bills and cashing checks. That also could free up money for people to spend at Walmart.
“It should help them if they are able to save the fees that they’re currently experiencing,” said Ken Perkins, the founder of Retail Metrics, a research and data firm. “That’s a chunk of their grocery bill that month.”
Walmart needs that money. Sales at U.S. stores open a year, an important retail metric, have been flat or negative for six straight quarters. Food stamp cuts in November hurt the company's bottom line, executives said.
Walmart has been pushing for several years to get into financial services. The company offers check-cashing, bill-pay and a prepaid debit card. The retail giant also houses independent bank branches in some of its stores.
In the mid-2000s, Walmart tried to get a federal bank charter so it could take deposits, a move widely opposed by the banking industry at the time. This new effort differs in that the services are provided through Green Dot Bank, but exclusively available at Walmart. To open an account, customers must buy a $2.95 starter kit from a Walmart store.
In recent years, traditional banks have shied away from lower-income people without traditional bank accounts -- "the unbanked and underbanked," who make up nearly 10 million and 24 million households in the U.S. respectively, according to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. Because banks can’t make much money off accounts with low balances, “they’re trying to repel these accounts with high fees,” said Mehrsa Baradaran, a professor at the University of Georgia’s School of Law who studies the unbanked.
Fewer than half of lower-income households are fully banked, according to a 2012 survey from the FDIC. That means they’ve recently used alternative financial products, like payday loans or check-cashing services, which typically charge high fees.
Some big banks have launched accounts similar to Walmart's recently. Bank of America has a SafeBalance account, with a monthly fee of $4.95 and no overdraft penalties. Citibank's Access Account, introduced Tuesday, has a monthly fee of $10 that can be waived if customers make one monthly bill payment or direct deposit, or if they average a monthly balance of $1,500 or more. The Citibank account doesn't charge overdraft fees, either.
That Walmart is one of the few options available to poor customers looking for a cheap bank account is troubling, given the retailer's profit motive, said Wallace Turbeville, a senior fellow at Demos, a progressive think tank. Unlike the Post Office, which some have considered as an option for low-fee checking, there's no reason for Walmart and its partner bank not to take advantage of customers who have so little bargaining power, he said.
“There’s a huge number of people that are underserved or overcharged for financial services,” Turbeville said. “That suggests that its going to be profitable for Walmart.”
More:

Sue Gin dies; chief of airline catering empire  real estate mogulemail
Sue Gin
When a young Sue Gin worked at The Paradise Inn, the Aurora restaurant run by her Chinese immigrant parents, she eyed Chicago to seek her fortune.
Landing a job in Chicago as a Playboy bunny, she saved up her tips to invest in real estate.
Served a half-frozen sweet roll on Midway Airlines, she contacted the company chairman and successfully pitched to be its caterer. She founded Flying Food Group. It transformed airline meals by focusing on cold but tasty fresh ingredients in attractive lacquered boxes, rather than inferior facsimiles of hot restaurant meals produced in cramped jet galleys.
Today, the company supplies 300,000 meals to more than 70 airlines and many of the nation’s Starbucks coffee shops. Flying Food Group generated $436 million in sales last year.
Tough and resourceful, she weathered the demise of carriers that were some of her biggest customers and the downturn in travel after the 9/11 attacks by expanding to international airlines. All the while, she continued to buy and rehab real estate. Though she followed the rule of “buy low and sell high,” her properties flowered into some of Chicago’s toniest addresses.
Once, she lunched with President Bill Clinton as he picked the brains of business leaders before a trip to Asia.
Ms. Gin, 73, whom a relative described as “a combination of Mother Teresa and Lee Iacocca,” died Friday at Rush University Medical Center. She suffered a stroke Tuesday.
Her parents were Cantonese. Her father, Arthur Gin, left China at 15 and headed to San Francisco. His parents paid for him to be “adopted” by relatives, Ms. Gin told the Sun-Times in 1993. In those days, the U.S. quota for Chinese immigrants was low. Adoption proceedings helped them enter the U.S., she said. He returned to China to marry her mother. Eventually, he made his way to Aurora.
The young Sue graduated from high school in Aurora and went on to DePaul University, but dropped out to find work to pay medical bills from an illness.
Though she worried about leaving college, she said it opened doors that helped her become an entrepreneur.
She joined Dunbar Building Corp. and the Development Management Group (DMG), where she learned the real estate business from developer Louis R. Silverman.
The knowledge she gleaned helped her flourish. Longtime Chicago political power broker Oscar D’Angelo was an admirer of the way she did business — “like a man,” as he put it. He lost a battle with Ms. Gin after becoming a court-appointed receiver representing seven real estate trusts.
“I thought I was protecting the court and she went right around me and convinced the judge to do it her way,” D’Angelo recalled Friday. “She was capable, brassy without being boorish and willing to take a chance.
“She was unafraid of the unknown. Sue Gin was successful because she was smart, able to dissect a good business deal and recognize it when she saw it. She had a lot of pioneerism in her.”
“She was very driven and she was real smart,” said Rich Melman, founder of Lettuce Entertain You Enterprises.
Her first major purchase was a $40,000 building at 2100 N. Halsted that would house Café Bernard.
After that disappointing breakfast on Midway Airlines, former Chicago Aviation Commissioner Tom Kapsalis said he introduced her to the chairman of the board. “She said, ‘I’d like to start catering the airline’s food,” Kapsalis said Friday.
She had vision, Kapsalis said. “She invested very wisely in the Greektown area in all of the slum buildings and they went up in value.”
Ms. Gin was a generous donor to many politicians. The clout that gave her control over lucrative Midway Airport concessions reached its peak during the administration of former Mayor Jane Byrne, but it continued under Mayor Richard M. Daley. In 1996, Ms. Gin was one of 23 government, business and cultural leaders to accompany then-Mayor Daley on an eight-day mission to France.
She was a member of the board at Exelon. “Sue was a fountain of ideas, an avalanche of energy,” former chairman John W. Rowe said in a statement. “She was a successful entrepreneur, an extraordinary corporate director and a philanthropist in both time and money.”
She also was president of the William G. McGowan Charitable Fund, named for her late husband, the chairman of MCI. They met in Chicago during the lengthy court battle MCI waged to break up AT&T’s monopoly.
In her private life, she had a side that few business associates knew, said Sherren Leigh, founder of Today’s Chicago Woman. “When her mother got sick and lived in a managed-care facility, Sue went there every single night and brought her food,” Leigh said, “and she paid for the nursing home too.”
Leigh, who loves shoe-shopping, once asked the practical Ms. Gin how many shoes she owned. “She said, ‘I have three pair. How many pairs can you wear? How many pairs do you need?’ ”
Ms. Gin was a friend of the late Sun-Times film critic Roger Ebert, who in his memoir, “Life Itself,” credited her with helping his first steps to sobriety, as he began taking a drug prescribed to fight alcoholism.
He wrote: “I walked across my yard … and climbed four flights to Sue’s sunny kitchen to receive my first Antabuse pill. She had coffee waiting, and pastries from her bakery. Every morning we repeated this ritual. If I overslept she woke me on the phone: ‘Rog! Time for your medicine!’ She reported back to my counselor at the end of every week.”
Ebert thought so highly of Ms. Gin’s steadfast friendship, he bestowed her with a nickname, according to his wife, Chaz Ebert. “I think it was his ‘Antabuse angel,’ ” she said.
“As busy as she was, whatever it took,” Ms. Gin was there, Chaz Ebert said.
Ms. Gin, named this month as one of the 20 most powerful women in business by Crain’s, once told the Sun-Times that entrepreneurs should learn to use fear. “Learn as much about that subject matter that you can. The fear dissipates as you learn more because then you realize what the odds are, and the risk goes down,” she said.
Visitation for Ms. Gin, who split her time between Chicago and Virginia Beach, Va., is planned 4 to 8 p.m. Tuesday and 10-11:30 a.m. Wednesday at St. Vincent de Paul Parish, 1010 W. Webster. Her funeral mass is at 1 p.m. Wednesday. A private burial is to follow in Wilkes-Barre, Pa., where her late husband, a Pennsylvania native, is interred.
Flying Food Group

Chrysler recalls vehicles to fix ignition switches@AP
Chrysler is recalling nearly 350,000 older cars and SUVs to fix defective ignition switches that can cause the vehicles to stall.
With the latest recall, Chrysler has called back more than 2 million vehicles for defective switches. The switches can slip out of the “on” position, which is similar to the problem that forced General Motors to recall millions of vehicles this year.
The new recall covers Jeep Commander and Grand Cherokee SUVs, Chrysler 300 and Dodge Charger sedans and Dodge Magnum wagons from the 2008 model year. All were built before May 12, 2008.
Chrysler says the ignitions, after being rotated to the “start” position, may not fully return to the “on” position. If the switches lodge between “start” and “on,” the windshield defroster and wipers may not work. If the switches move to “accessory” or “off,” the engine could shut off and knock out power-assisted steering and other features.
Chrysler knows of one crash and no injuries from the problem.
The company is still determining the cause of the switch problem and what repairs will be needed, a spokesman said Thursday. In the meantime, Chrysler is telling owners to use the key without a keychain or other attachments and confirm that the switches return to “on” after starting their cars.
The recall stemmed from a broader industry probe by U.S. safety regulators after GM recalled 16.5 million vehicles for defective ignition switches.
In 2011, Chrysler recalled 196,000 Dodge Journey SUVs and Dodge Caravan and Chrysler Town & Country minivans from the 2007 through 2009 model years to fix their ignition switches.
After this year’s GM recalls, Chrysler added 696,000 minivans and SUVs to the 2011 recall, covering the same vehicles and the Volkswagen Routan minivan – which Chrysler made – from the 2007 to 2010 model years.
In July, Chrysler recalled 792,300 Commander and Grand Cherokee SUVs from the 2005, 2006 and 2007 model years for the same issue.
Copyright 2014 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
Chrysler

Highlights: RBI keeps key rates  CRR unchangedKey highlights: RBI keeps key rates unchanged, CRR maintained at 4 per cent
BT Online Bureau     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 22, 2014  | 16:32 IST
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan (Photo: Reuters)
In line with expectations, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday decided to keep key interest rates unchanged in its fourth bi-monthly policy review.
Here are the key highlights from the central bank's policy review:
> The central bank kept repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent and reverse repo rate at 7 per cent.
> Cash reserve ratio (CRR) unchanged at 4 per cent.
> Maintains FY15 GDP growth estimate at 5.5 per cent.
> Projects FY16 GDP growth at 6.3 per cent.
> Currently positioned to reach 6 per cent inflation target by 2016.
> Inflation may climb back to 8 per cent in January-March 2015.
> Expect 7 per cent inflation by Q4 of FY16.
> Upside risks from food socks persist.
> Inflation readings better on better-than-expected monsoon.
> Will bring SLR down as government finances improve.

One entrepreneur s response to failure: Beat it back  quickly0
A. The most important reality checks for me have been on the accounting and the business side and those state-regulatory things that need to get done. It’s really important to be set for it earlier rather than later. We’ve had a lot of issues with that (filing paperwork in a state in which her business shouldn’t have been filing, for example), and I think it’s 100 percent avoidable. If it’s not your thing, then you need to have people around you or in your network who know what they’re doing.
Q. How do you process failure?
A. I have a very specific reaction to failure, and that is to work my way out of it, which doesn’t always work. I do the legwork to set up my other options. There was one point where I lost a job at 5 p.m. and by 9 p.m., I had a website set up for a blog called Reverse Mortgage Minute. It felt like I started my own company, and had my own way to generate income by 9 p.m. I respond best to failure by asking, “What am I going to do about it?”
Q. How do you mentor staff about failure?
A. I hope I’ve gotten better at it. A lot of the time we try to overlook things or brush off what they’re not doing right or wait until it gets really bad. One guy that works for me said, “Anytime there’s something where you see there could be improvement, I want you to tell me right away.” For me, it’s trying to give feedback more constantly, letting people work through things even if they’re messing up the first time. I’ve tried to make sure that everybody knows when something goes wrong, it’s not “It’s your fault.” It’s “We have a setback, now as a team how are we going to get through this?” That’s helped a lot.
Q. Will having female-focused incubators like 1871’s WiSTEM help curb sexism in tech startups?
A. Anytime female founders get out there, it helps. I’ve seen positive change from being more active and vocal. There are lots of women doing this, and we’re taught to be quiet about it because people will judge if they knew we were mothers, wives or girlfriends. You can say “Be loud and proud about the fact that you’re a mom with three kids and you do this.” But the minute you do that, there are going to be a bunch of investors who would never invest in (you). I’m not sure having all this separate is going to help, but it is nice to have the support in the community with people that have your back.
Q&As are edited for length and clarity.

Jayalalithas bail application to be heard on WednesdayJayalalitha’s bail application to be heard on Wednesday
PTI
J Jayalalithaa
Bangalore, Sept 30:  
The Karnataka High Court will hear on Wednesday jailed former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa’s application seeking immediate bail and suspension of conviction and jail sentence in the disproportionate assets case.
After the vacation bench of the court this morning adjourned the bail plea to October 6, lawyers for Jayalalithaa headed by Ram Jethmalani approached the court Registrar for an urgent hearing in the matter.
Chief Justice D H Waghela then allowed the plea following which the court will tomorrow hear the former chief minister’s application, her lawyers said.
When the matter came up before the vacation bench this morning as the court is observing dasara holidays, Jethmalani pleaded for suspending the sentence pending appeal under Section 389 of the Criminal Procedure Code and for her release on bail.
Section 389 states that pending any appeal by a convicted person, the Appellate Court may order that the execution of the sentence or order appealed against be suspended. Also, if the person is in confinement, that he or she be released on bail, or on own bond.
G Bhavani Singh, who was Special Public Prosecutor in the Special Court in the disproportionate assets case, told the judge that he had not yet received any official notification appointing him as the SPP for the criminal appeal filed in the High Court.
“I have read a report appearing in a daily about my appointment as the SPP to handle the case, but I haven’t received any official notification appointing me as the SPP,” he said.
“Since I haven’t received the notification, I am not authorised to represent the case,” Singh added.
Singh sought more time at which point the vacation bench of Justice Rathnakala posted the matter for October 6.
In her petitions seeking immediate bail and challenging her sentence, Jayalalithaa has maintained that the charges of amassing wealth against her were false and that she had acquired property through legal means.
Jayalalitha has also contended that the trial court has overlooked several judgements and has not considered the binding nature of various income tax orders and decisions of the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal, which had accepted the income and the level of expenditure pleaded by her.
The pleas of former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister’s aide Sasikala, her relatives V N Sudhakaran, disowned son of the former Chief Minister, and Ilavarasi, who have also moved the High Court seeking bail and challenging their conviction, were also posted for hearing on October 6.
In a verdict on Saturday at the end of an 18—year old legal battle, Special Judge John Michael D’Cunha had convicted Jayalalithaa, sentencing her to four years imprisonment, and slapped a staggering fine of Rs 100 crore in the Rs 66.65 crore corruption case.
In her appeal, Jayalalithaa pleaded for suspension of the conviction and the sentence and also refused to pay the Rs 100 crore fine imposed on her.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

US banks: stress reduction© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/e181dd6e-458e-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

First-time buyers bring cheer to auto firmsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
First-time buyers bring cheer to auto firms
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, October 1:  
With strong festival season demand kicking in, especially from first-time buyers, September was a good month for car and two-wheeler sales.
Maruti Suzuki India sold 99,290 units during the month, up 10 per cent against 90,399 units sold in September 2013. The company also started despatching its yet-to-be-launched sedan — Ciaz (1375 units) — in September. It will launch the Ciaz on October 6.
The country’s second largest passenger car manufacturer, Hyundai Motor India (HMIL), reported an increase in sales of 14 per cent year-on-year in September by selling 35,041 units in the domestic market (30,601 units).
“In this festival season, we are seeing a significant increase in demand mainly because of first time buyers and exchange buyers,” said Rakesh Srivastava, Senior Vice- President - Sales and Marketing, HMIL.
Honda Cars India also saw a growth of 45 per cent during the month at 15,015 units (10,354 units). Similarly, Toyota Kirloskar Motor sold 12,552 units in September, up 4 per cent.
Mahindra & Mahindra saw a sales growth of 5 per cent year-on-year during September at 19,893 units (18,916 units).
M&M has taken the No 3 spot in passenger vehicles sales replacing Honda Cars India.
However, Tata Motors continues to fight for positive numbers, even after the launch of its new sedan Zest. The company’s sales declined 7 per cent year-on-year in September. In the two-wheeler segment, led by Hero MotoCorp, all the players showed positive growth during the month.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Sainsbury: war of attrition© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/7cb613f2-4951-11e4-9d7e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Telecom Italia: calling out© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/c554cf54-4979-11e4-9d7e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Diageo reduces board rights of Mallya in USLDiageo reduces board rights of Mallya in USL
BS Reporter | Bangalore Oct 02, 2014 12:50 AM IST
 
UB Holdings (UBHL) and its chairman, Vijay Mallya, the former majority equity holders in United Spirits (USL), have been denied the right to nominate an additional independent director on the board of the latter.
Diageo, the London-headquartered spirits multinational, which now holds 54.78 per cent stake in USL, said it had formally enforced this, in line with an earlier agreement. The development comes after the UBHL/Mallya stake fell below five per cent.
In a board of 12 members, of which four are stepping out, Mallya will not have anyone from the UB Group to support him on the board of USL. He gets the right to nominate only one director and has opted to exercise that by nominating himself. Even this right will vest with him only till he holds one per cent stake in USL and as long as he continues to control UBHL.
UBHL and Mallya have been fast losing stake in USL as the lenders to the UB Group have been encashing the pledged shares of United Spirits, for the Rs 7,000-crore of unpaid loans taken for now-grounded Kingfisher Airlines. Mallya and UBHL now hold a little over 3.3 per cent in USL. With the support of Diageo, Mallya also got re-nominated as chairman of the board.
“UBHL remains entitled under (our) agreement to nominate one director to the USL board, subject to it continuing to hold at least 1,307,950 shares in USL and Vijay Mallya continuing to control UBHL. Diageo’s contractual obligations to support Vijay Mallya continuing as non-executive director and chairman of USL are subject to these conditions, as well as the absence of certain defaults by UBHL or Vijay Mallya,” Diageo announced.
Diageo said it continued to be entitled under the said agreement to appoint its nominees to the roles of chief executive officer and chief financial officer at USL. And, to nominate and recommend directors to the USL board, subject to the overall composition meeting the applicable requirements of Indian regulations.

Baker Hughes to Disclose Fracking ChemicalsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

India would not join anti-China coalition led by U.S.India-United States
Taking stock of the “big picture,” following Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s high-profile visit to the United States, China has arrived at the conclusion that India would not join Japan, Australia and the Philippines in an anti-Beijing coalition led by Washington.
An article that appeared in the People’s Daily, the official newspaper of the Chinese government, cited three reasons to conclude why New Delhi would not partner a U.S-led “rebalancing” strategy in the Asia-Pacific that targets China.
Also called the Washington’s “Pivot to Asia”— a coinage first detailed by former U.S. Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton - the mantra anchors a decision to expand Washington’s military profile in the Asia-Pacific, including swathes of the Indian Ocean, by beefing up military capabilities of countries on the periphery of China, including Japan, Australia and the Philippines.
The daily pointed out that rooted in its non-aligned culture, India will not develop its ties with the U.S. at China’s expense. “India adheres to an all-round foreign policy strategy. Not only does India give priority to the India-U.S. relationship, it also attaches great importance to Sino-India relationships,” the daily observed.
Besides, both countries have vowed to forge a “closer development partnership” during President Xi’s visit to India. The article reiterated that the “unsolved territorial disputes will not affect the development of Sino-India relations”. The comment coincides with an agreement on the pull back by forces of both sides to their original position, thus ending the recent flare up in Ladakh.
From a Chinese perspective, the core of the “rebalancing” doctrine would unfold in Japan, where 40,000 U.S. troops would be positioned and in South Korea, where 28, 500 American servicemen were to be stationed. A U.S. Congressional Research Service report had earlier stated that Washington would post 2,500 troops in Darwin, Australia, and discussions were underway to allow U.S. Navy greater access in Perth.
Referring to the economic aspect of the “rebalancing” doctrine, the newspaper pointed out that India was not even in the frame in the formation of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), which was at the heart of the approach to restrain China’s economic rise. The countries participating in the TPP include Japan, Australia, New Zealand, the United States, Canada, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam.
On the contrary, India was focused inwards, seeking foreign investments to bolster its domestic economy. “India has established an economic and financial partnership with America. One of (Mr.) Modi's tasks during his visit is to promote an Indian economic recovery plan. The Indian government has therefore arranged a set of joint activities with American business elite for their Prime Minister Modi in order to attract more American investment,” the newspaper observed.

Procter Gamble s Karthik Natarajan ceases to be chief financial officerOct 02, 2014, 12.32 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Procter & Gamble's Karthik Natarajan ceases to be chief financial officer
Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care has informed that Mr. Karthik Natarajan has ceased to be the chief financial officer of the company effective September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Procter & Gamble's Karthik Natarajan ceases to be chief financial officer
Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care has informed that Mr. Karthik Natarajan has ceased to be the chief financial officer of the company effective September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Karthik Natarajan has ceased to be the Chief Financial Officer of the Company effective September 30, 2014.Further, Mr. Prashant Bhatnagar has been appointed as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company effective from October 01, 2014.Source : BSE

ABG Shipyard: Outcome of AGMOct 02, 2014, 12.31 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
ABG Shipyard: Outcome of AGM
ABG Shipyard has informed that the 29th annual general meeting (AGM) of the company was held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ABG Shipyard: Outcome of AGM
ABG Shipyard has informed that the 29th annual general meeting (AGM) of the company was held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
ABG Shipyard Ltd has informed BSE that the 29th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Ruchi Soya s final consideration of acquisition of oil refinery business of Ruchi InfrastructureOct 02, 2014, 01.19 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ruchi Soya's final consideration of acquisition of oil refinery business of Ruchi Infrastructure
With reference to letter dated Sept 1, 2014 informing about the transfer of oil refinery business of Ruchi Infrastructure in favour of the company with effect from September 1, 2014, Ruchi Soya has informed that adjustment to the consideration of Rs 44.14 crore has been made on the basis of value of assets and liabilities as on completion date.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ruchi Soya's final consideration of acquisition of oil refinery business of Ruchi Infrastructure
With reference to letter dated Sept 1, 2014 informing about the transfer of oil refinery business of Ruchi Infrastructure in favour of the company with effect from September 1, 2014, Ruchi Soya has informed that adjustment to the consideration of Rs 44.14 crore has been made on the basis of value of assets and liabilities as on completion date.
Post your opinion here
 
With reference to the earlier letter dated September 01, 2014 informing about the transfer of Oil Refinery Business of Ruchi Infrastructure Limited in favour of the Company with effect from September 01, 2014, Ruchi Soya Industries Ltd has now informed BSE that adjustment to the consideration (of Rs. 44.14 Crores) has been made on the basis of value of assets and liabilities as on completion date and the final consideration for such transfer has been arrived at Rs. 49.79 crores.Source : BSE

Ferguson shooting grand jury under investigationBy Kimberly Kindy October 1 Follow @kimberlykindy
The St. Louis County prosecutor’s office is investigating an accusation of misconduct on the grand jury that is hearing the case against the Ferguson police officer who shot and killed 18-year-old Michael Brown .
Ed Magee, the spokesman for county prosecutor Robert McCulloch, said they received the information from a “Twitter user” Wednesday morning.
“We are looking into the matter,” he said.
An account of possible jury misconduct surfaced Wednesday morning on Twitter, when several users sent messages about one juror who may have discussed evidence in the case with a friend.
In one of those messages, a person tweeted that they are friends with a member of the jury who doesn’t believe there is enough evidence to warrant an arrest of the officer, Darren Wilson.
The same person who tweeted about being friends with a member of the jury has also tweeted messages of support for Wilson.
Magee confirmed that information on the Twitter user and feed came from an activist, Shaun King.
Within seconds of posting this, her friends told her to delete it and she did. It was screenshotted first. pic.twitter.com/b6kTf9p40h
— Shaun King (@ShaunKing) October 1, 2014
The jury has been weighing evidence on the case since Aug. 20 , within days of the Aug. 9 shooting. McCulloch told The Washington Post last week that both the FBI and county police’s investigations into the shooting are “pretty much done.” He also said that jurors should be done hearing all the evidence by later this month, but they could meet through mid-November .
Grand jury proceedings are confidential and if there has been a breach, the prosecutor’s office may have to start over with a newly empaneled group.
Meanwhile, Ferguson is grappling with continuing protests amid the wait over whether Wilson will face charges.
The attorney for Brown’s family, Ben Crump, said the potential breach must be fully investigated.
“If this allegation is true and there is a member of the grand jury who is discussing the case with a Darren Wilson supporters the appropriate thing for the prosecutor to do is impanel a new grand jury,” Crump said in an interview Wednesday night. “If this person is discussing the case outside of the grand jury it is wholly inappropriate. It’s an issue of fairness for Michael Brown’s family.”
Reached on Wednesday evening, King told The Post that the potential link was further evidence that the current legal proceedings may be flawed.
“At a time where so many people in Ferguson already don’t believe that Prosecutor Bob McCulloch will take this case seriously, this potential leak is a disaster,” King said. “If it’s found to be true and the Grand Jury has to be dismantled, McCulloch should be taken off of the case immediately and replaced with a special prosecutor.”
Wesley Lowery contributed to this report.
The parents of Michael Brown, the black teenager fatally shot by a police officer in Ferguson, Mo., visited Washington to ask the federal government to take over the criminal investigation of his death. (Casey Capachi/The Washington Post)
Kimberly Kindy is a government accountability reporter at The Washington Post.

Unloved US small-caps display their charms© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3703b1a4-497c-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Virgin Money pushes ahead with IPOVirgin Money seeks to raise £150m with IPO
By Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ca8d67fa-4a06-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Weak demand in focus at Asia oil eventWeak demand in focus at Asia oil event
By Emiko Terazono
Chatter on the Singapore party circuit centres around forecast cuts
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/504a5b94-496e-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Arvind Subramanian s appointment as chief economic adviser hits Modi hurdleArvind Subramanian's appointment as chief economic adviser hits Modi hurdle
Reuters | New Delhi Oct 03, 2014 12:45 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has not decided whether to appoint US-based economist Arvind Subramanian as the government’s chief economic advisor, a senior government source said, a delay that may impact policy and Budget preparations.
Subramanian, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, was informally recommended to the post by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley more than a month ago but Modi wants to discuss the appointment, the source said.
Jaitley was admitted to a private hospital here on September 1 for gastric bypass surgery to treat a long-standing diabetic condition. He was re-admitted to hospital last week and has yet to be discharged.
“It was still under consultation between the finance minister and the prime minister. Then the finance minister got sick,” the source said.
Modi has unleashed a slew of measures aimed at making India a more attractive place to do business but has disappointed some backers who had hoped he would take more decisive action to promote a recovery.
Other senior advisory positions remain unfilled, including in the prime minister's office, leading some of Modi's reform-minded followers to worry about a lack of economic heavyweights in the administration.
The post of chief economic advisor is a high-profile position that was previously  filled by another internationally renowned academic long based in the United States, former International Monetary Fund chief economist Raghuram Rajan, now Reserve Bank of India governor.
Traditionally, the chief advisor is responsible for producing the annual Economic Survey — a document on the state of economy that underpins the drafting of the budget — and a mid-year economic update that is presented to Parliament.
Jaitley’s first full-year Budget is due in February.
The government is also discussing whether to change the remit of the economic adviser to include wider responsibilities, another source said.
Last month, Modi closed the Planning Commission. Now, the government is considering whether to make the role of economic advisor part of an institution to replace the Planning Commission, the second source said.
"There is a consensus that we need economic advisers in the finance ministry and the government. The appointment of chief economic adviser is also linked to the restructured planning commission itself that could be manned by a few advisers," the second source said. He said a decision was imminent.
Subramanian was educated in India and Britain and went on to serve at the IMF and at the forerunner to the World Trade Organization, before taking senior academic posts at Harvard and Johns Hopkins universities in the United States.
Recently, he criticised the Indian government's decision to derail a WTO deal struck last year to streamline trade procedures by tying it to a separate controversy over food subsidies.
He also criticised Jaitley's maiden budget in July for being too optimistic in its revenue forecasts, saying it had failed to come clean on its fiscal accounting, and that it lacked timelines for passing crucial tax and subsidy reforms.

Pak violates ceasefire in Poonch  6 people i...Pakistan violates ceasefire in Poonch, 6 civilians injured
PTI Oct 2, 2014, 03.51PM IST
(The injured were rushed…)
JAMMU: Pakistani troops violated ceasefire along the Line of Control (LoC) in Poonch district of Jammu and Kashmir injuring six civilians including two women, to which India retaliated.
According to an Army officer, Pakistani troops resorted to heavy firing by small arms and automatic weapons and shelling of 81 mm mortar bombs in two forward sub-sector of Sabjian and Mandi since 1840 hours yesterday and intermittent firing continued till mid night, during which six civilians including two women were injured and six houses were damaged.
"There was no loss of life or injury to anyone among the armed forces on this side in Pak firing," the officer said, adding, that Indian troops gave a befitting reply to them.
Civilian population living in border hamlets of Gigriyal and Uripura along LoC were targeted during the firing, police officials said.
The injured have been identified as Hajra Begum, Sakina Begum, Zahoor Ahmed, Gulam Nabi, Khaja Ahad and Mumtaz Ahmed of Gigriyal and Uripora villages, they said, adding that the condition of one of the women is stated to be critical.
The injured were rushed to hospitals in Poonch and Mandi belts and most of them are out of danger, police said.
At least six houses were partially damaged in the shelling, police said, adding, that five live bombs were recovered in Uripora belt, which are being defused.
The fresh three ceasefire violations by Pakistani troops were witnessed after a gap of one month and four days along the Indo-Pak border in Jammu and Kashmir.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jailed Indian tycoon fails to raise bailJailed Indian tycoon fails to raise $1.6bn bail
By Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6057bc4a-4a16-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jobs numbers  Ebola put investors on edgeThursday,  2 Oct 2014 |  9:15  AM ET
CNBC.com
SHARES
Investor confidence waning on weak data?
Phil Orlando, Federated chief equity strategist, and Drew Matus, UBS deputy chief U.S. economist, weigh in on the market's weak October start, and provide insight to Fed policy and interest rates.
U.S. stock-index futures fell after the government reported jobless claims fell by 8,000 last week and European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said the central bank would step up stimulus later this month.
TheU.S. data comes ahead of Friday's monthly payrolls report.

Why your Apple Watch will die faster than your iPhoneInternet of Everything
October 2, 2014
Apple CEO Tim Cook is counting on buyers of the Apple Watch  to view it not as a timepiece but as an extension of the iPhone. If they can make that mental leap, then they’ll think nothing of repeatedly plugging it in for a charge.
But if they’re counting on getting through the day without having to recharge their new smart watch, they may be in for disappointment—and Apple, for some flack.
The always hyper-secretive company hasn’t said how exactly it will power the Watch, which Cook unveiled publicly last month. Some suspect Apple has been deliberately lowering expectations for the device’s power performance. But experts say that, given the space confines and the high demands of its electronics, the Watch will struggle to last a normal 16-hour waking day on a single charge.
As a result, it will probably include software that carefully regulates its functionality to conserve the battery. In other words, you likely won’t be able to actively (screen on) check your GPS, monitor your messages, instruct Siri to call your friend AND consider Apple’s latest suggestion on how many calories you can burn.
“It may be easier to solve the problems facing vehicle batteries than in a wearable,” says Samir Mayekar, CEO of Chicago-based SiNode Systems , which is working on an advanced anode for wearable devices. “The ratio of active material to dead weight in a wearable is much lower than in a smart phone or a car.”
The consensus among experts queried by Quartz is that Apple will rely on the same battery material that’s in most laptops, smart phones and nearly every other lithium-ion battery on the planet: cobalt oxide, a chemistry commercialized in 1991. Cobalt oxide is a powerful electrode material, packing more electrons into a dense space than any of its commercial rivals. But Apple can put very little of it into the tiny space inside in a watch—much less, proportionately, than can go into an iPhone battery, for example.
One recent advance that will help Apple is that the newest lithium-ion cobalt oxide batteries operate at higher voltages than earlier versions, meaning they deliver more energy, experts say.
Venkat Srinivasan, a scientist at Lawrence Berkeley National Lab, tells Quartz that Apple will probably use a version of cobalt oxide operating at 4.35 volts and delivering about 165 milliampere hours per gram, a 22% improvement on the best lithium-ion cobalt-oxide batteries delivered in recent years. Advances in cobalt-oxide are “really remarkable,” Srinivasan says.
But it doesn’t bode well for Apple that it is already the target of complaints about battery life in connection with its iOS 8.0.1 system, used in the iPhone 6 and downloadable for older models. The company has sought to fix the problem with the release of 8.0.2. But watch-buyers may be less patient.
Share this:

iPhone 6 selling at starting price of about Rs 56 000 in IndiaiPhone 6 selling at starting price of about Rs 56 000 in India
Modi Wields A Broom In Clean India DriveModi Wields A Broom In Clean India Drive
Telecom sector likely to create 40 lakh jobs in 5 yrs: ExpertsTelecom sector likely to create 40 lakh jobs in 5 yrs: Experts
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 2:  
India's telecom industry is expected to generate 40 lakh new jobs in the next five years, spurred by growing potential in rural markets and rising Internet penetration, say experts.
The bullish expectations come at a time when the government is making efforts to connect all 2.5 lakh village panchayats with high speed broadband network.
According to experts, surge in demand would be seen for skilled technicians, engineers, installation and maintenance service providers, sales, marketing, HR, in the sector.
"The telecom sector has been growing aggressively at an average of 35 per cent a year for close to two decades. Though the boom period of this sector is over, it continues to be a large job creator," Randstad India CEO K Uppaluri said.
Going by Randstad estimates, this sector is likely to create about 40 lakh direct and indirect jobs over the next 5 years "fuelled by increased penetration into rural markets as well as growth of mobile Internet and broadband services".
According to component manufacturer TE Connectivity, the sector has been one of the largest employers in the last decade and would need around 2.75 lakh people by 2015.
"The challenge will be to get the right talent," TE Connectivity India, India & SAARC Network Solutions Director K K Settee said.
"Once the bandwidth comes into place and digitalisation takes over, we will see substantial employment opportunities in content provider industry and related services industry," Settee added.
Experts also opined that making more spectrums available and rationalisation of tariffs, among others, would help in boosting the sector.
"The overall challenges faced by telecom sector currently are -- technology up gradation, network up gradation and availability of sufficient spectrum," Deloitte Haskins and Sells Partner Hemans Joshi said.
Observing that the telecom sector has lost decades in R&D and technology innovations, Joshi said various measures were required to address these challenges.
These include partnership between public and private organisations, setting up world class R&D and testing labs, access to low cost funds and skilling college graduates.
Lighthouse Partners Managing Partner Rajiv Burman said, "more spectrum being made available by the government by getting defence establishment to relinquish the huge amounts they are sitting on, will give a fillip to growth of mobile telephony and increase the demand for telecom gear".
Spectrum Talent Management Director Sidharth Agarwal noted that "more innovation and newer line of products and services are the only ways to augment business in the sector, thereby boosting hiring on an overall basis".
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Urea imports dip 34% to 27 LT in H1Urea imports dip 34% to 27 LT in H1
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 2:  
Urea imports have decreased by 34 per cent to 26.95 lakh tonne in the first 6 months of 2014-15, due to carry over stocks from the last fiscal.
Urea imports were 41.07 LT in the April-September period of 2013-14, according to official data.
"Urea imports have come down substantially this year so far as we have carry over stocks from last year and also farmers sown crops lesser area during kharif season this year compared to last year," a Fertiliser Ministry official said.
Sowing of kharif crop begins with the onset of southwest monsoon in June and farmers normally start preparing fields before the arrival of rains.
Urea is imported by three STEs (state trading enterprises) — Indian Potash Ltd (IPL), MMTC and STC on behalf of the government to meet domestic shortfall. The country produces about 22 million tonnes against an annual domestic demand of 30 MT.
Besides, these three STEs, the government imports urea from OMIFCO, which is a joint venture project of IFFCO and Kribhco, with an offtake agreement.
India's urea imports have decreased 12 per cent to 7.08 MT in 2013-14, due to carry-over stocks from the previous year. The country had imported 8.04 MT of urea in the entire 2012—13 fiscal.
Urea is provided to farmers at a fixed subsidised maximum retail price (MRP) of Rs 5,360 per tonne. The difference between the cost of production and MRP of urea is provided as subsidy to manufacturers.
The government is also working to revive the closed domestic fertiliser units to increase the domestic production of soil nutrient.
Earlier, Fertiliser Minister Ananth Kumar had also said his aim is to make the country self-reliant on widely-used soil nutrient.
Kumar had also assured the farmers that there will not be any shortage of urea in the ongoing kharif season.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Virgin Money: cooler moolahWhen lender is Wonga no longer, moral ambiguity will relocate
By Jonathan Guthrie
Payday lender’s name may go – but only after it has achieved respectability
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/13b1e766-4a1c-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pakistans ISI closely connected with IM operatives:NIAPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 5:13 pm
Pakistan intelligence agency ISI was “closely connected” with top operatives of banned Indian Mujahideen (IM) and provided shelter to its members wanted in India, the National Investigation Agency has told a special court here.
The NIA said this in its supplementary charge sheet filed against 20 suspected IM operatives, including its absconding co-founders Riyaz Bhatkal and Iqbal Bhatkal, in connection with a case relating to larger conspiracy of the banned group to carry out terror activities across the country.
“Investigation has established that in pursuance of the conspiracy, accused A-10 (Riyaz Bhatkal) has remained closely connected with the ISI of Pakistan. The ISI organised training of IM operatives and also provided shelter to several accused persons, including A-10, after they were wanted by Indian courts for their involvement in terrorist activities,” the agency said.
The NIA also said that its probe in the case established that Iqbal Bhatkal, who is based in Pakistan, had associated with ISI to obtain funds and support.
“Investigation has established that accused Iqbal Bhatkal had associated himself with the Pakistani agency called as ISI for obtaining regular funding and infrastructural support for the IM operatives,” it said.
“Accused A-11 (Iqbal Bhatkal) was also summoned by the ISI officials on certain occasions and given directions. Due to the closeness of ISI with A-11, there were occasional intra-organisational rifts, as established during the investigation,” the NIA further said.
Out of the 20 accused named by NIA in its charge sheet, 17 have not been arrested yet while three others, Tehsin Akhtar, Haidar Ali and Zia-ur-Rehman, are in judicial custody in connection with the case.

Telecom to create 40 lakh jobs in 5 years: E...Jobs
(According to component…)
NEW DELHI: India's telecom industry is expected to generate 40 lakh new jobs in the next five years, spurred by growing potential in rural markets and rising Internet penetration, say experts.
The bullish expectations come at a time when the government is making efforts to connect all 2.5 lakh village panchayats with high speed broadband network.
According to experts, surge in demand would be seen for skilled technicians, engineers, installation and maintenance service providers, sales, marketing, HR, in the sector.
"The telecom sector has been growing aggressive at an average for 35 per cent a year for close to two decades.Though the boom period of this sector is over, it continues to be a large job creator," Randstad India CEO K Uppaluri said.
Going by Randstad estimates, this sector is likely to create about 40 lakh direct and indirect jobs over the next 5 years "fueled by increased penetration into rural markets as well as growth of mobile Internet and broadband services".
According to component manufacturer TE Connectivity , the sector has been one of the largest employers in the last decade and would need around 2.75 lakh people by 2015.
"The challenge will be to get the right talent," TE Connectivity India India & SAARC Network Solutions Director K K Shetty said.
"Once the bandwidth comes into place and digitalisation takes over, we will see substantial employment opportunities in content provider industry and related services industry," Shetty added.
Experts also opined that making more spectrum available and rationalisation of tariffs, among others, would help in boosting the sector.
"The overall challenges faced by telecom sector currently are -- technology upgradation, network upgradation and availability of sufficient spectrum," Deloitte Haskins and Sells Partner Hemant Joshi said.
Observing that the telecom sector has lost decades in R&D and technology innovations, Joshi said various measures were required to address these challenges.
These include partnership between public and private organisations, setting up world class R&D and testing labs, access to low cost funds and skilling college graduates.
Lighthouse Partners Managing Partner Rajiv Burman said, "more spectrum being made available by the government by getting defence establishment to relinquish the huge amounts they are sitting on, will give a fillip to growth of mobile telephony and increase the demand for telecom gear".
Spectrum Talent Management Director Sidharth Agarwal noted that "more innovation and newer line of products and services are the only ways to augment business in the sector, thereby boosting hiring on an overall basis".
Meanwhile, Uppaluri said that with the increased adoption of technology "where professionals will have to re-skill to take up roles and move up the value chain".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Euro holds firm as ECB leaves rates© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fe8314f2-49e2-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

History: Bad October start isn t a stock death sentenceEMAIL
Getty
It’s hard to sugarcoat it: The first trading of October was an unmitigated disaster, with the benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500 stock market tumbling 1.3%, its worst dive to kick off October since a 2.9% rout in 2011. The Dow also stumbled, tumbling 238 points. And the small-cap Russell 2000 stock index closed 10% below its March 4 record close, marking its first official price correction since the fall of 2012.
Those gruesome statistics did little to assuage investors’ anxiety, which was high entering the month, given October’s reputation for being susceptible to stock market crashes. The 1929 and 1987 crashes occurred in October.
Stocks were hit hard Wednesday by worries about global growth after weak manufacturing data in the eurozone, jitters over the first Ebola virus case reaching the USA and ongoing angst over the pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong. What’s more, October’s scary reputation as a month when the stock market tends to crash (think 1929 and 1987) also gave investors pause.
But one day does not a market make, nor does it rule out the possibility of a bounce-back rally. (In pre-market trading, stocks were virtually flat, with futures on the Dow Jones industrial average up 6 points.)
Investors can only hope that the stock market follows up its weak showing on Day 1 of October 2014 like it has the past dozen times it sank more than 1% on the first trading day of the third quarter. The S&P 500 has posted gains the next day, the next week and for the rest of October after spooky first days that drench investors in red ink, according to Bespoke Investment Group.
Bespoke’s analysis shows average gains of 0.9% the next day, with positive returns 10 of 12 times. The index was 3.1% higher a week later, and 3.8% higher by the end of the month.
How did the market fare after a 2.9% dip on the first day of October 2011? “Pretty darn good, actually,” Bespoke noted. The S&P 500 was up 8.7% a month later and 14% by the end of the month.

With a bullet: Oil  Ebola  and a big chargerEMAIL
AFP/Getty
Prices for Brent crude oil dropped 2.5% as producers showed no signs of cutting production . A barrel of Brent fell to $92.60 in Wednesday trading, while West Texas intermediate crude fell below $90 for the first time in 17 months. The average price of a gallon of unleaded gasoline in the U.S. was $3.30 a  gallon, down from $3.70 in April.
A timeline of China’s civil disobedience movement.
Nobel Prize winner Joseph Stiglitz proposes a solution for sovereign debtors, such as Argentina and Greece, and the so-called “vulture” investors who buy their defaulted debt .
Interest rates in much of Europe are negative , raising fears that European money market funds will let their share prices fall below a dollar – “breaking the buck,” in industry terms. Bad things happened when a U.S. money fund did that here .
Coca-Cola, under pressure from Warren Buffett and David Winters, a hedge-fund manager, is scaling back its executive compensation plan and shifting to more cash-based performance awards.
Companies in the Standard and Poor’s 500 Index are the healthiest in decades , with the lowest net debt to earnings ratio in at least 24 years, $3.59 trillion in cash and marketable securities, and record earnings per share.
Unemployment hurts happiness much more than modest inflation , a new paper says.
Thirteen things to know about Ebola, chief of which is that it’s fairly difficult to contract. And the biggest tragedy: We are likely to lose most of the health care professionals in sub-Saharan Africa.
State and federal prosecutors are zeroing in on used-car dealers in the growing problem of subprime auto loans.
A succinct summation of the feud between Bill Ackman and Carl Icahn over Herbalife : “One day Herbalife will either be put out of business by consumer-protection regulators or it won’t. If it is then Bill Ackman will make a lot of money and Carl Icahn will lose a lot of money, and if it isn’t Ackman will lose a lot of money and Icahn will make a lot of money, and in the meantime everyone will shout that everybody else should be investigated.”
You want a fast battery charger? Here’s a fast battery charger. It can recharge an entire electric bus in three minutes.

http://usat.ly/1psVC6XFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Iowa officials hope for lead in Realtor's 2011 death
WEST DES MOINES, Iowa — Police in this Des Moines suburb are contacting authorities in Arkansas who are investigating the killing of a real-estate agent near Little Rock to check into possible connections with
Post to Facebook
Iowa officials hope for lead in Realtor's 2011 death WEST DES MOINES, Iowa — Police in this Des Moines suburb are contacting authorities in Arkansas who are investigating the killing of a real-estate agent near Little Rock to check into possible connections with Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vz7PwN
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
4
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Iowa officials hope for lead in Realtor's 2011 death
Christopher Pratt, The Des Moines Register 10:50 p.m. EDT October 1, 2014
Ashley Okland, 27, an Iowa real-estate agent was shot during an open house and later died.
(Photo: West Des Moines (Iowa) Police Department)
39 CONNECT 29 TWEET LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
WEST DES MOINES, Iowa — Police in this Des Moines suburb are contacting Arkansas authorities investigating the killing of a real-estate agent near Little Rock to check into potential connections with the 2011 shooting death of an Iowa Realtor .
Ashley Okland, 27, was found April 8, 2011, inside a model home during an open house. She had been shot twice but died soon after at a Des Moines hospital.
More than three years later, the case remains unsolved.
Two detectives assigned to the case are reaching out to Arkansas law enforcement officials "just to see if there's any possibility at all" of a connection between the deaths of Beverly Carter, 49, of Little Rock and Okland, said Sgt. Ken O'Brien, spokesman for the West Des Moines Police Department.
MONDAY: Suspect in custody in real estate agent's disappearance
The officers have followed up on hundreds of leads related to the Okland case through the years and will be following up in Arkansas, O'Brien said.
Carter was reported missing Thursday and was last heard from when she called her husband to tell him she was going to show a home, according to the Pulaski County sheriff's office. Her body was found Tuesday in a shallow grave.
Beverly Carter, 49, of Little Rock
(Photo: Pulaski County (Ark.) Sheriff's Office)
Authorities in Arkansas have arrested parolee Arron Michael Lewis, 33, of Jacksonville, Ark., and charged him with capital murder in connection with the case. Police accuse Lewis of setting up an appointment with Carter to view a vacant house in a rural area near Little Rock then killing her a burying her body on the grounds of a concrete company where he once worked.
Arkansas officials have not said how Carter died or what links Lewis to the crime.
West Des Moines police specifically want to know where Lewis was in April 2011, O'Brien said.
39 CONNECT 29 TWEET LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vz7PwN
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

http://usat.ly/ZuUxWhEMAIL
Getty
It’s hard to sugarcoat it: The first trading of October was an unmitigated disaster, with the benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500 stock market tumbling 1.3%, its worst dive to kick off October since a 2.9% rout in 2011. The Dow also stumbled, tumbling 238 points. And the small-cap Russell 2000 stock index closed 10% below its March 4 record close, marking its first official price correction since the fall of 2012.
Those gruesome statistics did little to assuage investors’ anxiety, which was high entering the month, given October’s reputation for being susceptible to stock market crashes. The 1929 and 1987 crashes occurred in October.
Stocks were hit hard Wednesday by worries about global growth after weak manufacturing data in the eurozone, jitters over the first Ebola virus case reaching the USA and ongoing angst over the pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong. What’s more, October’s scary reputation as a month when the stock market tends to crash (think 1929 and 1987) also gave investors pause.
But one day does not a market make, nor does it rule out the possibility of a bounce-back rally. (In pre-market trading, stocks were virtually flat, with futures on the Dow Jones industrial average up 6 points.)
Investors can only hope that the stock market follows up its weak showing on Day 1 of October 2014 like it has the past dozen times it sank more than 1% on the first trading day of the third quarter. The S&P 500 has posted gains the next day, the next week and for the rest of October after spooky first days that drench investors in red ink, according to Bespoke Investment Group.
Bespoke’s analysis shows average gains of 0.9% the next day, with positive returns 10 of 12 times. The index was 3.1% higher a week later, and 3.8% higher by the end of the month.
How did the market fare after a 2.9% dip on the first day of October 2011? “Pretty darn good, actually,” Bespoke noted. The S&P 500 was up 8.7% a month later and 14% by the end of the month.

http://usat.ly/1oDEhbnFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Atlantic City's Revel casino snatched up for $110M
A Canadian asset management company won a bankruptcy court auction for Atlantic City's failed Revel casino hotel and announced plans to re-open it as a casino. after paying $110 million.
Post to Facebook
Atlantic City's Revel casino snatched up for $110M A Canadian asset management company won a bankruptcy court auction for Atlantic City's failed Revel casino hotel and announced plans to re-open it as a casino. after paying $110 million. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vyFruH
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
4
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Atlantic City's Revel casino snatched up for $110M
AP 6:47 p.m. EDT October 1, 2014
The failed Revel Casino Hotel n Atlantic City, N.J.
(Photo: Mel Evans, AP)
146 CONNECT 60 TWEET 22 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. (AP) — As one Atlantic City casino after another shut down and left thousands of workers jobless, Mayor Don Guardian insisted that the meltdown that claimed four of his city's 12 casinos since January was actually the opportunity of a lifetime for savvy investors.
On Wednesday, someone finally agreed.
A Canadian asset management company won a bankruptcy court auction for the failed Revel casino hotel and announced plans to re-open it as a casino. Toronto-based Brookfield US Holdings will pay $110 million to buy the 2-year-old casino that cost $2.4 billion to build, adding it to casinos it owns in Las Vegas and the Bahamas.
"These are the first people that realized what I've been saying about Atlantic City turning the corner and being a great investment due to the low prices," Guardian told The Associated Press on Wednesday, hours after the successful bid was announced. "We've had a lot of bad news. This is certainly some good news."
But this being Revel, for which nothing has ever come easily in its 2 ½-year history, the good news was tempered by concern about the would-be buyers' financial situation in Las Vegas, where it owns the Hard Rock casino. Brookfield told securities regulators in August that it was unable to make an interest payment due that month, and was trying to work things out with its lenders, who could demand immediate repayment of nearly $1 billion in debt.
Brookfield spokesman Andrew Willis said the negotiations underway for the Hard Rock property will not affect its ability to complete the Revel purchase, which needs to be approved by a bankruptcy court judge on Oct. 7. It also owns the Atlantis Paradise Island casino in the Bahamas.
In an auction that began Tuesday morning and lasted until early Wednesday, an opposing bidder, Florida developer Glenn Straub, was selected as the backup bidder in case Brookfield did not close on the deal.
"Revel is a brand-new trophy asset on the beachfront, which we are acquiring at a substantial discount to replacement cost," Willis said. "We are excited about owning the newest and highest quality asset in Atlantic City at such an attractive basis."
Atlantic City fears darkness after casinos close
He said the company is not ready to reveal specific business plans for Revel — or even whether they will still call it Revel — but confirmed the plan to operate it as a casino-hotel. He could not estimate when the property might re-open.
The would-be owners got an early vote of confidence from the casino workers' union that bitterly fought the non-union Revel even before it opened. Bob McDevitt, president of Local 54 of the Unite-HERE union, said, "We look forward to sitting down with Brookfield and working out a positive relationship for the workers who were displaced by its closing."
Revel closed on Sept. 2 after just over two years of operation, one of four Atlantic City casinos to go out of business this year, ending the jobs of 8,000 workers, so far. A fifth, the Trump Taj Mahal, may close on Nov. 13.
The attorney for Straub said the developer has not yet decided whether to challenge the auction's outcome.
"We have to decide whether we're going to fight it in court, whether to try to top (Brookfield's bid), or something else," Stuart Moskovitz said. "We have to come up with a plan before Tuesday."
Straub, the Florida developer and polo aficionado had spoken of re-opened Revel as a so-called "genius academy" at which highly intelligent people would tackle the world's biggest problems. He said the property may or may not have had a casino.
146 CONNECT 60 TWEET 22 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vyFruH
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Family of Texas Ebola patient ordered to stay home  comply with blood testsBy Amy Ellis Nutt October 2 Follow amyellisnutt
Texas health officials said Thursday that the relatives of a Liberian man diagnosed with Ebola while visiting family in the U.S. are being quarantined in their home. (Reuters)
DALLAS -- Citing "an abundance of caution," Texas and Dallas County health officials ordered four close family members of hospitalized Ebola patient Thomas Eric Duncan to remain home and not see any visitors to prevent the spread of the disease.
The order was hand-delivered to the family at the Ivy Apartments, in northeast Dallas, on Wednesday night and legally requires the four relatives of Duncan to stay home until at least Oct. 19.
The family that hosted Ebola patient Thomas Eric Duncan could be confined for three weeks. Health officials are reaching out to as many as 100 people who may have had contact with Duncan or someone who knows him. (AP)
"The order is in place until the incubation period has passed and the family is no longer at risk of having the disease," a news release from Dallas health officials said. The family must also provide blood samples, agree to any other testing and report any symptoms to the Dallas County Health and Human Services Department immediately, including any fever above 100.5 degrees, headache, nausea, diarrhea or abdominal pain.
"We have tried and true protocols to protect the public and stop the spread of this disease," David Lakey, Texas's health commissioner, said in the news release. "This order gives us the ability to monitor the situation in the most meticulous way."
Duncan traveled from Liberia to the Dallas area on Sept. 20. Four days later, he began developing symptoms associated with Ebola. After first seeking care and being sent home by the hospital days earlier , he was admitted and isolated on Sept. 28.
The first Ebola patient diagnosed in the U.S. initially went to a Dallas emergency room last week but was sent home, despite telling a nurse that he had been in disease-ravaged West Africa. (AP)
Duncan is the first person in the United States to be diagnosed with the deadly Ebola virus.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Texas state health officials confirmed in separate lab tests that Duncan tested positive for Ebola. Official say 12 to 18 people are being monitored for symptoms, including five children.
RELATED READING:

Why inequality is such a drag on economiesWhy inequality is such a drag on economies
By Martin Wolf
Big divides in wealth and power have hollowed out republics before and could do so again
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8b41dfc8-47c1-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Britains next election carries a fiendish winners curseSeptember 29, 2014 5:04 pm
Britain’s next election carries a fiendish winner’s curse
By Janan Ganesh
Cameron’s duty is to run a country, not wet-nurse a few mewling intransigents in his party
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/00627680-4594-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India s First Offshore Wind Power Project to Come Up Off Gujarat CoastFDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
The government has signed a memorandum of understanding with a group of companies to build the country's first ever offshore wind power project as part of New Delhi's pledge to increase renewable energy sources.
The 100 megawatt plant will lie off the coast of Gujarat and be partly financed by state subsidies, the ministry of new and renewable energy said in a statement on Wednesday.
A consortium of partners including power producer NTPC and Power Grid Corporation will lead the project.
Renewable energy sources such as solar and onshore wind farms currently generate less than 2 per cent of India's energy needs, with coal fuelling the generation of around three fifths and gas and hydropower most of the remainder.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who oversaw the launch of several solar power plants in Gujarat when he was chief minister of the state, has said India needs to expand its renewable energy capacity to help meet rapidly growing demand.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

I ll go back to Seattle with a kick in my step  says Bezos about India tripI'll go back to Seattle with a kick in my step, says Bezos about India trip
BS Reporters | New Delhi Oct 02, 2014 12:57 AM IST
I do the dishes at home to make sure that my wife continues to love me and the day I clean the table, it is true love back.” That was Jeff Bezos, founder & chief executive of Amazon, speaking on his life, leadership, business and more, here on Wednesday.
Bezos, who runs a $75-billion e-commerce empire from Seattle, is on a week-long India visit and is expected to meet ministers and top bureaucrats before he returns to the US later this week.
In fact, Bezos had said in an interview to Business Standard on Sunday that he was keeping the “world in balance” while replying to a question on the timing of his visit when Prime Minister Narendra Modi was in America.
Now it emerges that Bezos might meet Modi, whose US trip concluded on Wednesday, in New Delhi. The meeting, if it happens, will be significant because Modi has spoken of e-commerce as a big driver for retail.
Even as Bezos does not want to talk about his India engagements, especially with the government, he spoke freely on his explosive laugh and other personal aspects of his life, in a conversation with Kiran Karnik, former president of information technology industry body Nasscom.
“I laughed like that since I was a child,” adding his siblings were embarrassed to go out with him. And then, he laughed his usual laugh, to the applause of the audience. At the event organised by industry body Ficci, he also spoke about his fondness for Indian food, which was “so good”. So, while he was returning with that “extra kick in the step” to Seattle, he would surely need bigger clothes, he said.
From the interviews that he has had with newspapers, it is now clear that he is not fond of the word “competition”. But Bezos did use the word, admitting to Karnik that Amazon India had a competitive advantage for getting access to the almost 20 years of knowledge of the American parent. “The only reason I do not want to talk about competition is that companies spend too much time obsessing over competition rather than customers.”
As Amazon has shown in the past, it has indeed responded to competition — it just rolled out week-long festival discounts against Flipkart’s day-long bonanza slated for October 6. A few months ago, it had announced a $2-billion India investment, just a day after Flipkart’s $1-billion fundraising.
In a dark jacket but no tie, Bezos, 50, confessed it was a tough decision 20 years ago when he decided to leave his Wall Street job with good salary, accompanying bonus and a good boss, to turn an entrepreneur. The internet was getting big and Bezos wanted to line up millions of book titles in that space, which he did soon enough, much more than the biggest brick-and-mortar store could achieve.
His boss, David Shaw, told him the idea was good but for someone who did not already have a good job. Yet, Bezos took the plunge, as he did not want to regret later about not having done something he badly wanted to. “I want to minimise regrets,” he said.
With a market capitalisation of about $149 billion and investments across sectors, Bezos says the journey has not been without its failures. "One such example of failure is the web search engine that was launched. Only seven people, including my mother, used it. We have tried and failed at many things, but that is part of our journey."
On leadership, Bezos narrated his experience from being a one-man company to four and then 10 and now over 100,000. In the beginning, he drove packages from the post office himself, and now he is a custodian of values and principles, including customer obsession, inventions and thinking long term.
As for his interest in space, Amazon founded Blue Origin, a privately funded aerospace company. He told the audience on Wednesday it began with his love for Star Trek. "And, the rest is history." While on space, Bezos congratulated India for its Mars orbiter mission's success and frugality.
Although start-ups are usually associated with school drop-outs, Bezos, an engineering graduate from Princeton University, urged everybody to finish school. "I was actually a good student and very interested in my studies. I am all for university education."
Asked what would the preferred category be, if he were to start Amazon today, he first dodged the question. When asked again, he said: "Perhaps books only." Some from the crowd murmured: "Why not Modi T-shirts?"
Is it time yet for writing his memoir? "It is still far off. I would say it is still day one for me." Day one, after all, is an integral part of the Amazon vocabulary.

Hong Kong students vow to escalate protestsHong Kong students vow to escalate protests as Leung stands firm
By Demetri Sevastopulo and David Pilling in Hong Kong and Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ea55bfd0-4982-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Arm unveils internet of things softwareArm Holdings releases ‘internet of things’ free software
By Murad Ahmed, European Technology Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/254a3106-4970-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

France clings on to its magical thinkingOctober 1, 2014 5:58 pm
France remains in a state of magical thinking
By Sylvie Goulard
The economic taboos remain – the best-off are being protected, writes Sylvie Goulard
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4d909502-496f-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wall Street Tackles Chat Services  Shies Away From Diversity Issues"Let me check that latest tweet again for you."
Photo by Mario Tama/Getty Images
A couple of updates on Wall Street today. First, how bankers communicate. Chat services have been a major headache for big banks, with indiscreet instant messages playing key roles in documenting the Libor scandal and capturing stereotypical Wall Street vulgarity . So it's not surprising that Goldman Sachs has spent the better part of two years working with other financial institutions to develop a better, more secure communications platform for the financial world.
Now, Reuters reports that Goldman and its 13 partners in the project have made a $66 million investment in Symphony Communication Services Holdings. The open-source platform is designed to let finance professionals and their customers centralize digital communications; chat messages, texts, emails, and tweets will all appear in the same place. Darren Cohen, Goldman's global co-head of principal strategic investments, described chat functions to Reuters as "the core nervous system of the financial markets." Symphony, he explained, was "about creating one platform that allowed the silos to communicate effectively." And, presumably, to make it easier for banks to track every kind of communication made by their employees.
Advertisement
As for the other finance news: diversity! The numbers on Wall Street's youngest members are in, and at big banks they're still mostly white men . The newest class of first-year bankers is 77.5 percent male and 65 percent white, according to data from startup recruiting firm Vettery. Twenty-nine percent are Asian and just 6 percent are black or Hispanic. Vettery did not check its findings with the banks, and some of them dismissed its data as misinformed. Deutsche Bank, which had 70 percent white first-year analysts, the highest among big investment banks, told the New York Times in a statement that Vettery's findings were "inaccurate and do not reflect the true diversity of our 2014 analyst class."
Assuming Vettery's figures are true, the diversity problem on Wall Street is even worse than in Silicon Valley, where big tech firms are also by-and-large male, white, and Asian . And the fact that the numbers are so skewed at the entry level doesn't bode well for making progress overall.
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.

Wall St. down more than 1 percent; small caps extend fallWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ European Central Bank Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. Mario Draghi GameStop Corp.
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Restore electricity supply to Haryana utilities  Aptel tells Adani PowerE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Branding and the Girl in the Yellow Dressreddit
In 1914 Morton Salt took the aphorism "It never rains but it pours" (meaning that when one bad thing happens, it's likely to be followed by other bad things), edited it down by one word and two syllables to "When it rains it pours" (which arguably says the same thing), and made it a tagline.
Putting a positive spin on the phrase, they used it to advertise that Morton Salt, the first table salt to be treated with an anti-caking agent, wouldn't clump or become brick-like even in the dampest weather. To bring the message home, the company introduced new packaging featuring the Morton Salt Girl, a child in a short, yellow dress, walking in the rain, an umbrella over her head and an open canister of Morton Salt cradled in her arm, NaCl flowing freely in her wake.
In the annals of branding, the Morton Salt Girl is a monumental achievement. She's been tweaked from time to time over the past century, but the company has wisely retained and respected her widely recognized identity. Consumers know her as the symbol of a name brand, quality table salt. When we buy the canister with her picture on it, we feel that salt-wise, we're not only going first class, but we're also buying what our forebears bought, and we take satisfaction in doing so at very little cost over generic and store-brand salts.
Today, coming up with an iconic brand or image as powerful and enduring as the Morton Salt Girl would involve numerous marketing firms, focus groups, test markets, and millions of dollars --with no guarantee that the outcome would still be commercially viable six months down the road, much less for a century.
On Friday, Sept. 26, Morton Salt celebrated the centenary of the umbrella-toting girl with a gathering on Chicago's Michigan Avenue, in the plaza just south of the Tribune Tower. Passersby could have their pictures taken with an umbrella in the Morton Salt Girl photo booth, or relax on salt-white couches while enjoying salty popcorn and bottled water. Graphics cycled on a ten-foot-tall digitized blue canister featuring the latest incarnation of the Morton Salt Girl, sparkling and shimmering in the sunlight.
Acquired in 2009 by K+S, a German company, Morton Salt remains headquartered in Chicago, where it has a history of supporting the arts. The Morton Wing of the Art Institute? Named for benefactor Sterling Morton, the only son of Joy Morton, the entrepreneur who took over the company and gave it his name in 1889.
Continuing this tradition, Morton marked the one-hundredth birthday of the Morton Salt Girl by awarding a hundred one-thousand-dollar scholarships to students at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago and Kendall College, fifty at each school.
Having been awarded of one of those scholarships, my daughter, in her third year at SAIC, accepted an invitation to showcase and work on her art during the afternoon at the Morton Salt Girl centenary venue. Fifty scholarship recipients were invited, four RSVP'd, two showed. EJ, wearing a yellow dress, and one other person spent two hours drawing and painting and getting sunburned as tourists snapped pics of their work. A drunk guy quizzed her about salt mines, which do not fall within her areas of expertise. He asserted that there were miles of salt mines under the city. He must've thought he was in Detroit or Cleveland.
At 6:30, Rahm Emmanuel made a brief speech. It was good of him to show up. Early that morning, a disgruntled employee had set fire to the Aurora air traffic control center, leading to the cancellation of thousands of flights at O'Hare and Midway, affecting travelers all over the world. This was the FAA's problem, but still, in spite of perfect weather that showcased all that is great about Chicago, the mayor was probably having a less than stellar day.
The crowd grew with the arrival of scholarship recipients from both institutions and people who just wanted to find out what was going on. Following Emmanuel's speech, we circulated. We had a conversation with Dave, who was executing the graphics for the event. He'd seen EJ painting away in the sun that afternoon, and he offered encouragement and advice. "You have to develop and promote your brand," he said.
Food had been prepared. We stood in line; picked up plates of salty steak sandwiches, strange pizza cubes and salted caramel mini cupcakes; almost tripped over a large, brown men's pull-on shoe, randomly left on the pavement ("There's a story there," I said); and then listened as Christian Herrmann, Morton's CEO, took the podium to speak in slightly accented English about the company's commitment to the arts and education.
"I love it," my daughter whispered. "He's British."
"No," I said, wondering how my offspring, who proudly bears her late father's German surname, could be so mistaken. "He's German."
"He's German," she said. "I love it."
Mr. Herrmann awarded two gigantic cardboard checks, one to SAIC and one to Kendall College. The scholarship recipients from SAIC posed with the big check, held by an administrator whose name I did not catch, taking photos with one another's phones while the giant digital Morton Salt canister scrolled through their names.
I had no idea that my daughter had always dreamed of posing with a giant, fake check, and it had never occurred to me that she, as an artist, is growing into what will become her own brand.
And then, lugging an IKEA bag full of art supplies that weighed the equivalent of twenty canisters of Morton Salt, we walked away into the perfect, unseasonably warm evening and headed for the Blue Line, tired and happy, both of us the Morton Salt Girl's unlikely new BFFs.
More:

Jan Folkertsma SchichtelLike
7
Jan Folkertsma Schichtel is a copywriter, speechwriter and collector of oral histories in Grand Rapids, MI. She also gardens, observes nature, and makes dulcimers and other stringed instruments out of salvaged wood.
Entries by Jan Folkertsma Schichtel
Branding and the Girl in the Yellow Dress
(1) Comments | Posted October  1, 2014 | 3:48 PM
In 1914 Morton Salt took the aphorism "It never rains but it pours" (meaning that when one bad thing happens, it's likely to be followed by other bad things), edited it down by one word and two syllables to "When it rains it pours" (which arguably says the same thing),...
We Went to IKEA
(2) Comments | Posted August 28, 2014 | 6:37 PM
My daughter needed a mattress, so we went to IKEA. Neither of us had been to an IKEA before.
We took I-90 from her apartment in Irving Park to Schaumburg. It was a long drive, riddled with construction. We got off at the Arlington Heights exit, missed a turn...
Happy Father's Day, Bruce Springsteen
(5) Comments | Posted June 13, 2014 | 5:38 PM
This month marks the thirtieth anniversary of the release of "Born in the USA." At the time I was working as a copywriter for what was then the biggest employer in my hometown of Grand Rapids, Michigan. I wrote speeches for executives, a magazine about office furniture, tag lines for...

When Bad News Gets Really Really.......Goodreddit
It is interesting to know that when farmers want to get the very best of their crops, they add fertilizers to the soil to create the right environment that accommodates decent and healthy growth and increased productivity. Fertilizers acts as agents that produces nutrients essential for growth. There are two types, organic and inorganic but I want to focus on the organic which is all natural and includes things such as bat guano, compost, peat moss, wood ash and cow manure. These are general soil amendments. But what seems interesting is how cow manure which is also known as cow dung, cow pats or cow peas, the waste product of domestic cattle, the undigested residue of plant matter which has passed through the animal's gut has now become matter highly rich in minerals. Not only can this be used as fertilizers but in other developing parts of the world such as rural areas in India and Pakistan, it can be used to produce biogas that generates renewable and stable source of electricity.
No matter how bad any situation is that affects us personally or professionally, it is always the catalyst that fertilizes a fresh opportunity. Just as the cattle has to feed on the plants, chewing and crushing, passing through its gut to finally be passed out as waste material that can be used as fuel for other things, our struggles, challenges, crushes, a declining state of loss be it professional or personal no matter how unpromising the problem may be is actually an agent designed to fertilizer the next most unexplainable and incomprehensible opportunity. Behind the scenes, our lows in one area is really creating our highs in another area. A balance that provides what we need in exchange for values that we have earned that may not be physical or material but principles capable of handling or managing properly a fresh degree of responsibility. But the process to reach such a destination is unavoidable because it is through that journey we attain the necessary attributes required to properly value the next big opportunity.
Every situation in life is a replicate of that which compliments another meaning in the same way cattle feed on plants only for them to pass it out as waste material that is used as fertilizer in the same soil that regrows the same plant, every problem has to occur because a solution already exists. It is inevitable. The cattle cannot survive without the plants and the plants cannot exists without the cattle's contribution to provide nutrients it need. Believe it or not but when bad news gets really really bad we are less insecure about embracing opportunities that can be more daring but yet with a possibility of success than anything we have ever seen. So the darker the tunnel goes, the brighter the light that comes to lead us out eventually and the deeper any hole is dug, the lengthier the ladder that is provided for us to climb out eventually. It is just unavoidable, problems exists because solutions exists already.
So maybe it is a business that has taken a bad turn or competitors are trying to run you out of the market with a new product or service that is inspiring, trust that the situation is no accident and soon to reveal to you a better approach to tackle a problem that becomes an opportunity. Or maybe it is a position one has been lobbying for only to find out the requirements are getting costlier by the minute, once again it is no accident, it will reveal to you who you really are concerning how you approach such an opportunity. A health issue that has gotten out of hand, creating more problems and become rare of its kind, there is an experimental drug or treatment already in phase that will give the situation a whole new meaning. Relationships you assume would last but has gradually grown into a tumor that needs to be cut off otherwise could be damaging, the replacements are on its way but first you had to be put in a position where you will not take for granted or hesitate to embrace a rare opportunity. Whatever the situation is, it will make more sense when put in the right perspective. God bless.
Follow Olayiwola A. Alara on Twitter: www.twitter.com/OlayiwolaAlara
More:

Republicans Are in Corporations  Pockets on Tax Inversions -- Democratic Senate Candidates Should Hammer Them for Itreddit
Last week, the Obama administration issued new regulations to limit corporate tax inversions. This maneuver, as our own Joan McCarter explained , is "the practice of corporations buying subsidiaries in foreign countries, then renouncing U.S. citizenship to get out of paying U.S. taxes." In other words, another scam by big money to stick the rest of us with the tax bill they should be paying. When Burger King announced plans for such a move last month, Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-OH) said they'd "abandoned their country" and called for a boycott. Damn straight.
On the one hand, we should applaud the White House for taking action, but the problem is that regulatory changes alone aren't enough to do the job. Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-NY) noted : "The administration wanted to go as far as they legally could, but they're very careful." He referred to the changes as "a good effort," but added "the only real way to stop inversions is legislative." Schumer urged Congress to craft a stricter definition of inversion and enact a ban on "earnings stripping."
Earnings stripping? You'll love this. Earnings stripping refers to a practice by which a foreign-based parent corporation loans large sums to -- wait for it -- itself. How? By loaning , on paper, the money to one of its own U.S. subsidiaries. Then the corporation gets to deduct the interest it is paying -- again, to itself -- and cancel out, dollar for dollar, taxes on profits it owes our government.
Sen. Ron Wyden (D-OR) called for legislation that would solve the problem for good "before this growing wave of inversions erodes our nation's tax base." And why hasn't Congress passed such legislation? You guessed it, congressional Republicans have blocked it over and over again, saying they are waiting for "comprehensive tax reform." Right on cue, we have Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-IA) complaining that President Obama's move on inversions will "take the pressure off for tax reform." Bear in mind that Rep. Dave Camp (R-MI)--who, by the way, also slammed the White House's action last week--proposed just such a comprehensive tax reform plan in February. What happened? House Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) dismissed it, replying "blah, blah, blah," (I'm not kidding, check the link) when asked about its specifics. Now is the time for Democrats -- especially those in tight Senate races -- to call out their Republican opponents on the issue of tax inversions.
We've got a number of Senate races that will be extremely close. I'd love to see incumbents such as Mitch McConnell (R-KY) and Pat Roberts (R-KS) try to defend Republican efforts to block inversions. Even in races in which the Republican isn't a sitting senator, Democrats can still hit their opponents hard, asking whether they agree with their Republican colleagues. How about an ad that goes something like this:
(voiceover): More and more big corporations are moving their headquarters overseas just so they can avoid paying taxes on their profits. You might be asking: why is this shady practice still allowed? The answer: Senator Pat Roberts and his Republican friends blocked legislation that would outlaw these so-called "tax inversions." Why would he do that? Because big multinational corporations know they'll never have a better friend in Washington than Pat Roberts. Greg Orman won't be in their pocket. He'll fight for you.
Senate Democratic candidates need to hit their opponents hard on this issue every opportunity they get (unlike, for example, former President Clinton, who refrained from doing so when he spoke about the matter last week). On a related note, when organizations like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce or their Republican allies defend tax inversions by complaining about our "high" corporate tax rate of 35 percent, they conveniently forget the myriad ways big corporations have of ensuring that they pay a rate far less than that nominal figure. Sometimes it's 35 percent of nothing, even for companies that earn huge profits. As you can see below, the actual tax rate corporations paid on their profits has been declining significantly in recent years, and is nowhere near 35 percent.
A study by Citizens for Tax Justice examined the most profitable 288 of the Fortune 500 companies, the 288 that turned a profit in each year between 2008 and 2012. These "corporate tax dodgers" paid an effective tax rate of only 19.4 percent. Most interestingly, given the argument that our corporate tax rate forces inversions and puts U.S. companies at a competitive disadvantage compared to their overseas counterparts, the CTJ study found that "of those corporations in our sample with significant offshore profits, two thirds paid higher corporate tax rates to foreign governments where they operate than they paid in the U.S. on their U.S. profits." Damn those stubborn facts.
It's just immoral that an American company -- one that sells its products to American consumers, grew strong thanks to the skills of an American-educated workforce, and that relies on American-built infrastructure -- is able to avoid contributing its fair share to pay for our common expenses. As Treasury Secretary Jack Lew put it, we must "shut down this abuse of our tax system," adding, "what we need as a nation is a new sense of economic patriotism, where we all rise and fall together." President Obama slammed the inversions as "gaming the system," and declared , "I don't care if it's legal, it's wrong."
And not only is what these big corporations are doing unpatriotic, as well as a violation of our values, it's also unfair to their competitors, companies that aren't big enough to merge with a foreign partner and undergo a tax inversion. And I thought Republicans wanted to avoid having government "pick winners" through legislation. The tax inversion option -- a function of our dysfunctional tax code -- definitely disadvantages smaller businesses.
This is one of those issues that you feel in your gut. It's one that we cannot let Republicans run away from. And it's one where we can move people to our side. In a CNBC/Burston Marsteller poll released just last week, 70% of U.S. respondents said it is "very important" that corporations pony up their "fair share" of the tax burden. People don't like it when some take advantage, and use the law to shirk their responsibilities. And they really don't like the people who let them get away with it by blocking a law that would stop it. We must remind voters which candidates are on the side of big corporations that would abandon America, and which ones are on the side of the American people. It's an issue that might just deliver the Senate.
Follow Ian Reifowitz on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ianreifowitz
More:

Who Will Profit From the Wars in Iraq and Syriareddit
If there's one thing we should have learned over the past 13 years of war, it's that war is good business for those in the business of war. Unfortunately, while profits for the Pentagon's contractors increase, so does the cost to taxpayers in billions in waste, fraud, and abuse. As America embarks on yet another war in the Middle East, Congress needs to act now to stop this unjustified bonanza for the Pentagon's contractors.
The most recent wars in Iraq and Afghanistan offer an ominous example about what can happen when the rush to war is met with sharp spending increases coupled with little to no oversight or fiscal restraint.  The Commission on Wartime Contracting -- a bipartisan congressional body -- estimates that there was $30 to $60 billion in waste, fraud and abuse associated with the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan -- a total of $12 million per day. Even worse, at least $6 billion is completely missing, never accounted for, gone forever. That is a stunning amount of taxpayer dollars -- yours and mine -- to simply disappear into the wind.
Among the most egregious examples of corporate and governmental malfeasance during the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan was a multibillion-dollar no-bid contract for Halliburton's Kellogg, Brown and Root (KBR) division to rebuild and operate Iraqi oil fields. Halliburton was found guilty of price gouging on everything from the supply of oil for military vehicles to feeding the troops; shoddy workmanship that resulted in scores of unfinished buildings and inadequate supplies of electricity; and life-threatening situations like defective showers that electrocuted a soldier.  A long list of other examples is available in the reports of the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction, whose investigations helped spur the convictions of 82 companies and individuals of illegal activities connected to contracting in Iraq.
A recent estimate of the likely costs of our latest war in Iraq and Syria by the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments ranges from $2.4 billion to over $22 billion per year, depending on whether significant numbers of ground troops become involved.  Gordon Adams, the former deputy director of the White House Office of Management and Budget in charge of national security spending, suggests that a full accounting of the costs of operations, replacement of equipment, training and aid to other members of the coalition, and a doubling or tripling of the current level of 1,600 U.S. troops in Iraq could put the annual price of the wars in Iraq and Syria at $15 to $20 billion.  While these sums are less than the costs for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, the potential for wasteful spending remains enormous. Our latest war represents a welcome new source of profits for arms makers like Boeing (Joint Direct Attack Munitions) Raytheon (cruise missiles), and Lockheed Martin (Hellfire missiles), whose weapons systems have already been heavily used in Iraq and Syria.  This is particularly true if the conflicts drag on for years, as administration officials have suggested.
There's a chance that the costs of the current wars could spiral out of control, resulting in an even heftier flow of revenue to Pentagon contractors.  We shouldn't forget that the Bush administration initially pegged the cost of its Iraq intervention at $50 billion, a figure that grew to more than 20 times that amount over the course of the conflict.
The stock prices of the Pentagon's top contractors have hit all-time highs since the recent wars in Iraq and Syria started two months ago, as Dan Froomkin of the Intercept has pointed out .  This windfall for weapons makers may pale in comparison to the billions that are likely to go to private contractors like Dyncorps and Triple Canopy that will be enlisted to help train Iraqi police and security forces. The market is clearly betting that the brief age of fiscal restraint at the Pentagon is over.
Beyond simply wasteful spending, wars are a prime opportunity for outright corruption and malfeasance. This was was underscored in a recent case in which Dyncorps was accused of letting a subcontractor solicit kickbacks from its employees as a condition of keeping their jobs.  The State Department dropped the probe in the face of fierce resistance from the Iraqi government -- not a good sign for oversight of the billions in new contracts that will pour into Iraq as part of the current war effort.
The direct costs of the wars in Iraq and Syria may only be a small part of the new business that will flow to Lockheed Martin and its cohorts in the next few years. The new wars will almost certainly extend the life of the Pentagon's war budget, known more formally as the Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) account.  For the past few years, OCO has served as a slush fund to pay for Pentagon projects that have nothing to do with fighting any war.  In its most recent effort to raid the OCO account, the Pentagon has proposed using it to fund eight costly F-35 combat aircraft that haven't even been certified for combat yet. There will be a strong temptation on the part of the Pentagon to continue padding this slush fund to levels far beyond anything being spent in Iraq or Syria.
Last, but not least, the arms industry will join with the Pentagon and hawks on Capitol Hill to use the current Middle East crisis as leverage to lift the caps on the Pentagon's base budget that exist under current law.  If they are successful, it could mean tens or even hundreds of billions of new business for Pentagon contractors over the next decade.
As Linda Bilmes of Harvard's Kennedy School of Government -- the co-author of with Joseph Stiglitz of "The Three Trillion Dollar War," a comprehensive costing of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan -- has noted , "Despite two failed wars it seems the country hasn't learned the lessons about the huge cost of military adventures and the limits to what military intervention alone can do to solve complex foreign policy challenges."
The real test of the Obama administration's policy in Iraq and Syria will be whether it makes the United States safer and the region more stable.  Neither of these outcomes is likely if the current militarized approach continues.  But even as we debate the wisdom of the new wars, we must also ensure that they don't spawn a new round of wasteful spending that costs taxpayers billions of dollars while doing nothing to make us safer.
More:

Emotional Intelligence Is Overratedreddit
Not long ago, the CEO of a sales company mentioned that he was spending millions of dollars to train his employees in emotional intelligence. He asked if it was possible to assess emotional intelligence during the interview process, which would allow him to hire salespeople who already excelled in this area.
I said yes, it can be done -- but I wouldn't recommend doing it.
Warning: If you're a devoted member of an emotional intelligence cult, you may have a strong negative reaction to the data in this post. In case that happens, I've offered some guidance at the bottom on how to respond.
To make sure we're on the same page, let's be clear about what emotional intelligence is. Experts agree that it has three major elements: perceiving, understanding, and regulating emotions. Perceiving emotions is your ability to recognize different feelings. When looking at someone's face, do you know the difference between joy and contentment, anxiety and sadness, or surprise and contempt? Understanding emotions is how well you identify the causes and consequences of different feelings. For example, can you figure out what will make your colleagues frustrated versus angry? Frustration occurs when people are blocked from achieving a goal; anger is a response to being mistreated or wronged. Regulating emotions is your effectiveness in managing what you and others feel. If you have a bad day but need to give an inspiring speech, can you psych yourself up and motivate your audience anyway?
I told the CEO that although these skills could be useful in sales, he'd be better off assessing cognitive ability. That's traditional intelligence: the capability to reason and solve verbal, logical, and mathematical problems. Salespeople with high cognitive ability would be able to analyze information about customer needs and think on their feet to keep customers coming back. The CEO was convinced that emotional intelligence would matter more.
To see who was right, we designed a study. Working with Dane Barnes of Optimize Hire , we gave hundreds of salespeople two validated tests of emotional intelligence that measured their abilities to perceive, understand, and regulate emotions. We also gave them a five-minute test of their cognitive ability, where they had to solve a few logic problems. Then, we tracked their sales revenue over several months.
Cognitive ability was more than five times more powerful than emotional intelligence. The average employee with high cognitive ability generated annual revenue of over $195,000, compared with $159,000 for those with moderate cognitive ability and $109,000 for those with low cognitive ability. Emotional intelligence added nothing after measuring cognitive ability.
The CEO wasn't convinced: maybe they didn't take the emotional intelligence test seriously enough. We ran the study again -- this time with hundreds of job applicants, who knew that their results could affect whether they were hired. Once again, cognitive ability dramatically outperformed emotional intelligence.
I happen to find emotional intelligence fascinating; I teach the topic in the classroom and have published my own research on it . As much as I like it, though, I believe it's a mistake to base hiring or promotion decisions on it.
A few years ago, researchers Dana Joseph and Dan Newman wanted to find out how much emotional intelligence really influenced job performance. They compiled every systematic study that has ever tested emotional intelligence and cognitive ability in the workplace -- dozens of studies with thousands of employees in 191 different jobs.
When Daniel Goleman popularized emotional intelligence in 1995, he argued provocatively that "it can matter more than IQ." But just as I found with salespeople, every study comparing the two has shown the opposite. In Joseph and Newman's comprehensive analysis , cognitive ability accounted for more than 14 percent of job performance. Emotional intelligence accounted for less than 1 percent.
This isn't to say that emotional intelligence is useless. It's relevant to performance in jobs where you have to deal with emotions every day, like sales, real estate, and counseling. If you're selling a house or helping people cope with tragedies, it's very useful to know what they're feeling and respond appropriately. But in jobs that lack these emotional demands -- like engineering, accounting, or science -- emotional intelligence predicted lower performance. If your work is primarily about dealing with data, things, and ideas rather than people and feelings, it's not necessarily advantageous to be skilled in reading and regulating emotions. If your job is to fix a car or balance numbers in a spreadsheet, paying attention to emotions might distract you from working efficiently and effectively.
Even in emotionally demanding work, when it comes to job performance, cognitive ability still proves more consequential than emotional intelligence. Cognitive ability is the capacity to learn. The higher your cognitive ability, the easier it is for you to develop emotional intelligence when you need it. (This is one of the reasons that emotional intelligence and cognitive ability turn out to correlate positively , not negatively.)
As better tests of emotional intelligence are designed, our knowledge may change. But for now, the best available evidence suggests that emotional intelligence is not a panacea . Let's recognize it for what it is: a set of skills that can be beneficial in situations where emotional information is rich or vital.
If you felt intense negative emotions while reading this post, it's an excellent opportunity to put emotional intelligence into action.
Step 1: Recognize the emotion. Is it disgust? Probably not -- that's usually reserved for gross foods, sights, and smells. Is it hostility? More likely: Hostility is anger directed toward other people.
Step 2: Analyze the causes of the emotion. Why are you feeling hostile? Years ago, the psychologist George Kelly argued that hostility occurs when we are attempting to "extort confirmation of personal hypotheses that have already proved themselves to be invalid." In other words, you might be feeling hostile because the data are clear that emotional intelligence has been overrated, but you don't want to admit it.
Step 3: Regulate the emotion. Maybe this isn't as terrible as it seems. You've been able to update invalidated beliefs before. Napoleon wasn't short. Pluto isn't technically a planet. Swimming after eating isn't dangerous. Miley Cyrus isn't actually a great role model. The LOST writers didn't really have a master plan.
***
Adam is the Wharton Class of 1965 Professor of Management and Psychology, and the New York Times bestselling author of Give and Take: Why Helping Others Drives Our Success . Sign up for his free newsletter on work and psychology at www.giveandtake.com/Home/Newsletter
This post originally appeared on LinkedIn .
Follow Adam Grant on Twitter: www.twitter.com/AdamMGrant
More:

Coke cuts exec pay after Buffett criticismCoke cuts exec pay after Buffett criticism
By Ben Rooney   @ben_rooney October 1, 2014: 4:56 PM ET
Buffett pressured Coke to change its exec pay.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Coca-Cola is reducing the number of shares it hands out to its top officers as part of changes to its executive compensation plan.
The move, announced Wednesday, comes four months after Warren Buffett called the company's pay practices "excessive."
Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway ( BRKA ) is one of the largest owners of Coke ( KO ) stock. His son, Howard, is on the company's board of directors.
Under its new guidelines, Coke said it will limit the number of shares awarded to executives for their performance in 2014 by about $75 million to $150 million.
The beverage giant said it will change the mix of its compensation packages to include more "performance shares," which are closely tied to the achievement of specific goals, and fewer stock options.
Related: Buffett defends Coke decision ... and Obama
Coke also pledged to be more transparent and have an "open dialogue" with investors about the company's compensation policies, including seeking feedback on the "alignment of pay with performance."
Shareholders seemed to like this. On one of the worst stock market days of 2014, Coke was the only stock in the Dow that ended the day higher.
The company acknowledged that the changes were in response to shareholders' concerns.
"Shareowner input on this important topic has directly led to the development of these new guidelines," said Maria Elena Lagomasino, chair of the company's compensation committee.
First Published: October 1, 2014: 4:37 PM ET
Most Popular

U.S. cities pay out millions to settle police lawsuitsHere’s a big investigation by the Baltimore Sun:
On a cold January afternoon, Jerriel Lyles parked his car in front of the P&J Carry Out on East Monument Street and darted inside to buy some food. After paying for a box of chicken, he noticed a big guy in jeans, a hooded sweatshirt and a baseball cap.
“What’s up?” the man said to Lyles. Others, also dressed in jeans and hoodies, blocked the door to the street — making Lyles fear that he would be robbed. Instead, the man identified himself a police officer, frisked Lyles and demanded he sit on the greasy floor. Lyles objected.
“The officer hit me so hard it felt like his radio was in his hand,” Lyles testified about the 2009 incident, after suing Detective David Greene. “The blow was so heavy. My eyes swelled up. Blood was dripping down my nose and out my eye.”
The Baltimore detective offered a different version of events in court, saying that Lyles’ injuries might have resulted from poking himself in the face. He also couldn’t say why officers stopped Lyles, who was not charged with any crime.
But jurors didn’t buy the officer’s explanation. They ruled in Lyles’ favor, and the court ultimately ordered the city to pay him $200,000, the statutory limit in Maryland for most lawsuits against a municipality . . .
Over the past four years, more than 100 people have won court judgments or settlements related to allegations of brutality and civil rights violations. Victims include a 15-year-old boy riding a dirt bike, a 26-year-old pregnant accountant who had witnessed a beating, a 50-year-old woman selling church raffle tickets, a 65-year-old church deacon rolling a cigarette and an 87-year-old grandmother aiding her wounded grandson.
Those cases detail a frightful human toll. Officers have battered dozens of residents who suffered broken bones — jaws, noses, arms, legs, ankles — head trauma, organ failure, and even death, coming during questionable arrests. Some residents were beaten while handcuffed; others were thrown to the pavement.
And in almost every case, prosecutors or judges dismissed the charges against the victims — if charges were filed at all.
The city has spent $5.7 million on settlements and awards, and another $5.8 million in legal fees. Were it not for the statutory limit (which frankly seems both low and unfair), the former figure would likely be a lot higher.
The Chicago Sun-Times reported earlier this year that the city has payed out nearly half a billion dollars in settlements over the past decade, and spent $84.6 million in fees, settlements, and awards last year. The Chicago Police Department is about three times the size of the Baltimore PD. Chicago the city has about four times as many people as Baltimore. Crunch those numbers as you wish. Bloomberg News reported that in 2011 , Los Angeles paid out $54 million, while New York paid out a whopping $735 million, although those figures include negligence and other claims unrelated to police abuse. Oakland Police Beat  reported in April that the city had paid out $74 million to settle 417 lawsuits since 1990. That’s a little more than $3 million per year. The Denver Post reported in August that the Mile High City paid $13 million over 10 years. The Dallas Morning News reported in May that the city has forked over $6 million since 2011. And last month, Minneapolis Public Radio put that city’s payout at $21 million since 2003.
It’s probably unwise to draw any conclusions or comparisons about city police forces based on these figures, though, for several reasons. First, there’s the matter of caps on damages. Some cities have them, some don’t. That will have a huge impact on the final figures. Second, we don’t know the terms of these settlements. Some lawsuit settlement terms are sealed, and depending on the state’s open records laws, may not be accessible to the press. Third, the figures can also be affected by whether city attorneys adopt a strategy of aggressively fighting lawsuits or quickly settling them. A settlement could be an admission of wrongdoing, or it could be the city deciding it would cost more money to take the case to court. And finally, the figures could be influenced by still other factors, like the availability and willingness of attorneys to take these lawsuits (which, again, often face long odds), or how sympathetic a city’s judges and juries might be to law enforcement.
In theory, the cost of these lawsuits — which are of course ultimately paid by taxpayers — are supposed to inspire better oversight, better government, and better policing. When taxpayers see their hard-earned money spent to compensate victims of police misconduct, they vote for political leaders who will hold cops more accountable. Or at least that’s the theory. I’m not sure how effective that is. I’ve seen little evidence that people generally vote on these issues, even in municipal elections. (The last mayoral race in New York may be one exception.)
Cops themselves are protected by the doctrine qualified immunity, which makes it difficult for a plaintiff to even get into court. But even if you do, and you win (also far from a given), in the vast majority of cases, the cop himself won’t have to pay any damages. (It happens, but it’s rare.) Some critics have called for police to be required to pay these damages themselves, as a deterrent. That might well work. The problem is that an officer did significant damage to someone, they’re unlikely have the money to make that person whole. Perhaps the best option is to take money from the cops at fault over a long period of time, then supplement that with public money. I’ve also seen suggestions that settlements be paid from police pension funds. I can see the appeal there, but it doesn’t seem wise to penalize all cops for the bad ones.
Of course, false reports of police abuse happen, too. All the more reason to move to the widespread use of dashboard and lapel cameras, provided they come with the appropriate protections .
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

Justin Logan and Christopher PrebleAstrid Silva came from Mexico at age 4 and is now earning her third degree, President Obama said in his speech.
Nov 20, 2014
It’s an atypical move for him. But there’s a good reason why he’s doing it now.
Nov 20, 2014
Obama will announce in a speech Thursday night that he will provide temporary protections for up to 5 million undocumented immigrants, according to a senior Democrat familiar with the plans.
Nov 19, 2014
The president said he will announce Thursday that he will use his executive authority to expand temporary protections to millions of undocumented immigrants.
Nov 19, 2014
More than 1,200 school superintendents will pledge to help students learn through technology.
Nov 19, 2014
Load More
About
Katie Zezima covers the White House for Post Politics and The Fix. She previously worked for the New York Times in Boston and the AP in New Jersey. She was a 2011-12 Knight-Wallace Fellow at The University of Michigan.
Most Read

3 officers killed as Army helicopter crashes in UPThe wreckage of the Army helicopter which crashed in Bareilly on Wednesday. Source: PTI
Written by Pranav Kulkarni | Bareilly | Posted: October 2, 2014 12:32 am
A Cheetah helicopter belonging to an Army aviation unit in Bareilly district of Uttar Pradesh crashed shortly after it took off on Wednesday morning, killing all three officers on board.
Sources said the helicopter crashed few kilometres from Bareilly around 7.45 am. They said it was on a “maintenance sortie”.
The three officers who were killed were identified as Major Abhijai Thapa, 29, Major Vikas Varyani, 29 and Captain Avinash Somavanshi, 26. According to an officer, Thapa and Somvanshi were pilots and Variyani was an engineer officer. Varyani belonged to Jaipur, Thapa was from Himachal Pradesh and Somavanshi was from Solapur in Maharashtra. Their bodies will be flown to their hometowns on Thursday, sources said.
“General Dalbir Singh, the Chief of Army Staff, and all ranks of the Indian Army express their heartfelt condolences to the grief-stricken families. We pray that god give them the courage and strength to bear this terrible loss,” said the official Twitter handle of Additional Directorate General of Public Information, IHQ of MoD (Army), confirming the identities of the three officers.
Sources said the three officers were on a maintenance sortie. “They had taken off once and landed. And when they went for another sortie, the crash happened almost immediately after the take-off. They died on the spot,” an MoD official said.
The Army has ordered an inquiry into the crash. Sources said that prima facie the cause of the crash appeared to be technical, but the exact cause will be determined only after the inquiry. “It is too early to arrive at determining the cause of the crash,” said an Army official.
The Cheetah-Alouette II is a light helicopter originally manufactured by Sud Aviation and later Aérospatiale, both of France.
The Cheetah has been extensively used in the Himalayas, where it is operating at altitudes beyond 20,000 ft and in Siachen it is the backbone of Army’s strategic military presence.
The Army has for long been pressing for the need to replace these ‘60s helicopters. In fact, in 2007, the then defence minister A K Antony had said in the Rajya Sabha that the “government proposes to withdraw Chetak and Cheetah helicopters from the Army, because the existing fleet of helicopters is of 1960s and 1970s vintage and hence, inadequate for the present operational requirement of the Indian Army”.
Notable accidents involving Cheetah-
January 2003- an Army Aviation Cheetah crashed in Baroda. An inquiry established technical defect as the cause
A Cheetah helicopter of the Indian Air Force (IAF) crashed on April 22, 2004 near LoC in Jammu and Kashmir. The cause of the crash was Human Error.
May 2012 – An army pilot was killed and another injured when the Cheetah helicopter they were flying crashed on the Siachen Glacier, the world’s highest battlefield.

Health experts concerned over India-US working group on intellectual propertyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jharkhand will pose biggest challenge for Modis Swachh BharatJharkhand will pose biggest challenge for Modi’s Swachh Bharat
HT Data Team , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 02, 2014
First Published: 12:49 IST(2/10/2014) | Last Updated: 13:05 IST(2/10/2014)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched his nationwide Swachh Bharat campaign on Thursday which aims to achieve a clean India by 2019, the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, by raising awareness of cleanliness and better sanitation.
 
Modi’s mission is ambitious as approximately 120 million households, almost 50% of households in India, defecate in the open, according to the 2011 Census.
 
According to 2012 World Bank figures, India accounts for 59% of the total 1.1 billion people in the world who defecate in the open. Open defecation is one of the primary causes of diarrhoea and also the reason for 10% of under-five deaths in India.
 
From 2001 to 2011, around 50 million household toilets have been built all across India to improve sanitation. Thus on an average 5 million toilets have been built every year during the above mentioned period.
 
Sanitation has always been one of the most important concerns of governments at the centre. In 1999, the Total Sanitation Campaign was launched taking a cue from the Central Rural Sanitation Campaign, which was launched in 1986. Central Rural Sanitation Campaign proved to be a major failure.
 
And even after 28 years since the launch of Central Rural Sanitation Programme and the amount of money and time spent in chasing the sanitation dream is still unfulfilled.
 
A total of Rs. 12,628 crore was allocated to India's sanitation program in the last five yearly budgets. And now, Modi's Swachh Bharat has extended the sanitation program for another 5 years.
 
Cleaning Jharkhand
 
According to data available, Jharkhand may pose the biggest challenge for Modi in achieving the goals of his Swachh Bharat campaign.
 
In 2011, Jharkhand had the highest percentage of households - 77% - without latrines. In 2001, this number was 80%. This drop of 3 percentage points is one of the lowest changes among all the states in the last decade.
 
 
 
Jharkhand not only has the largest number of households without access to latrines but also features among the top 5 states with the worst decadal rate of building toilets.
 
Understandably, Jharkhand also has the highest rate of open defecation in India and a whopping 92% of rural households in Jharkhand defecate in the open.
 
Odisha, Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh are other regions of concern with a lot of catching up to do.
 
Other concerns
 
Other challenges for Modi include utilisation of money allocated. For example, during the eleventh five year plan only 82% of the total outlay of Rs. 6,690 crore was utilised.
 
An evaluation study by the Planning Commission says that “lack of awareness” and “established age old practice”, inadequate availability of water and lack of maintenance funds are the biggest reasons for people’s lack of sanitation.
 
Note: The article does not consider school toilets.
 
Data collection and write-up: Sourjya Bhowmick
Research and visualisation: Vignesh Radhakrishnan

European Commission reshuffle calls mountCalls for reshuffle of European Commission grow louder
By Peter Spiegel and Christian Oliver in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/43c08502-4a03-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rocket Internet fizzles on market debutRocket Internet fizzles on market debut
By Jeevan Vasagar in Berlin and Arash Massoudi in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d0a9999e-4a09-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India s self-righteous policies aren t helping the poorComments
One problem with globalisation is that bad ideas seem to travel faster than good ones; first there was smearing tomato ketchup on everything; then drinking sugar-soaked cocktails ("Cosmo"-politanism) instead of our traditional whisky soda, and now this idea that we should abandon the poor to their fate in order to protect their dignity. I had always believed that our rich knew too much about poverty to embrace this silly American notion, but in the last few weeks in Delhi, I heard it multiple times from people who should have known better.
There is nothing remotely dignified about sorting through rotting trash to find something to feed your child, or asking someone for money because you have none (anyone who has contrived to give people money before they had to ask will never forget the look of gratitude in their eyes). It is true that we are richer now than when I was a child, and thankfully fewer and fewer people are driven to those extremes, but where is the dignity in having to get up at 4am to go to the field in the dark because the toilet nearby has no water supply and stinks to high heaven?
There are, of course, many good arguments against subsidies for the poor. Subsidies contribute to the deficit and the resulting inflation often eats into the incomes of the poor, so that their net gains are often small. This is obviously all the more true if the subsidies are poorly targeted, like the notorious LPG subsidy, where the effective re-distribution must be from the poor to the middle classes. Most importantly, however, the problem is less the amounts we are spending on behalf of the poor and more the way we are spending them. Well-designed subsidies help the poor make the best of whatever opportunities they have; poorly designed ones either do very little or actually make things worse for them.
To start off with a particularly egregious example, consider the one form of subsidy that almost no one is against - public education. Even Milton Friedman - doyen of radical free market thought - was willing to consider some government intervention into primary education on the grounds that it is unfair for children to not get a chance in life because they were born to poor parents.
Estimates of public spending on primary education in India vary across states, but the national average, as a percentage of GDP per capita, seems to be higher than that in China and comparable to Singapore. A lot of this money goes to pay teachers. Newspaper headlines about underpaid teachers notwithstanding, the average civil service teacher (i.e. a teacher with a permanent government job) makes at least four times our national per capita income, which is a measure of how much the average person gets paid. The corresponding ratio in the OECD is roughly 1:1.
Non-civil service "para-teachers" in the government system and teachers in private schools, on the other hand, are paid something much closer to the per capita income, a third or less of what civil service teachers are paid. Yet, the evidence from the work of Karthik Muralidharan and his co-authors suggests that they do at least as well and probably better in terms of teaching the children - even though no one does particularly well; we know from the Annual Status of Education Report (ASER) that no more than half the kids in class 5 can read at second-grade level -probably because they try harder.
Why are we paying these teachers handsome salaries to teach badly when they teach, and in many instances, to just not show up in class? A part of the answer is that they are well organised, but ultimately the whole thing survives because we don't complain, because we and the government, encouraged by education "experts", continue to measure teacher quality in terms of salary and qualifications, and not by what they deliver.
It is bad enough that we are wasting huge amounts of money here - cutting civil service teacher salaries to para-teacher levels would save us at least 1% of GDP and probably more, which could then be handed back to the poor, but what makes it much worse are the political ramifications of over-paying these teachers. Faced with the embarrassing fact that the share of children going to government schools is dropping fast - even in rural India, a third of the children now go to private schools - and therefore naturally a bit worried about how long they would able to continue to milk the system in this way, the civil service teacher community and its friends in the education establishment managed to engineer a coup under the guise of the Right to Education (RTE) Act.
While the Act brought in some good ideas, a key piece of the legislation was to require private schools to pay salaries comparable to civil service salaries. This regulation is now beginning to bind, and private schools are being forced to shut down because they cannot afford those salaries. So the generosity to government teachers in the name of subsidising the poor, is now biting back, shutting down schools that serve the poor and robbing the poor of options they want.
None of this is meant to say that it is hopeless to try to help the poor. If we just ask whether the programme substantially benefitted the intended beneficiaries - a low benchmark since we don't ask how much it costs and whether there were better ways to spend that money - there are certainly government programmes in India that come out ahead. A few examples, in no particular order, include the extension programmes that introduced farmers to high yielding varieties of wheat and, later, rice, the rural bank branch expansion programme of the 1970s and '80s, the Bihar government's programmes for bicycles for school girls, and the recent and controversial MNREGA. Even the Right to Education might do a lot of good if its radical idea of reserving a quarter of the seats in elite private schools for the poor gets properly implemented everywhere, which has not happened so far.
Note, however, that in each of these cases the programme solves a specific and widely recognised problem - for example, bank branches can help with the fact that the poor have no safe places to save their money and bicycles help girls get to high schools that are otherwise too far away.  By contrast, the logic of forcing private schools to pay their teachers many times what the market can bear is scarce at best, especially given that there is absolutely no evidence that the higher paid civil service teachers teach better - if anything, it's the opposite.
The problem, in other words, is not so much the subsidy itself, but the way these programmes get conceived of and implemented. This is no accident; any attempt to do anything "for the poor" tends to be cloaked in such self-righteousness that hardly anyone dares to ask the necessary questions about it: does the programme itself make sense, is there any evidence to think that it would work, is there anything else that we could do that would be better?
Our recent journey towards the National Food Security Act (NFSA) is a case in point. Once it was announced that we will make an effort to "feed our starving masses", it was impossible to stop the NFSA juggernaut. Even the opposition BJP felt that it had to support it and no one, except some grumpy economists who complain about everything in any case, took it on asking why we should believe that it is starvation rather than poor nutritional practices, which is the primary cause of our malnutrition or why giving people some cheap grains would solve that problem rather than finance some more cell phones and other aspirational goods.
As I have written elsewhere, all the evidence we have suggests that the programme will do almost nothing for malnutrition. It could even make things worse, by diverting attention from the urgent problem of improving nutritional practices. Yet, we committed many thousands of crores to it without even a proof of concept.
May be a part of the problem lies in the fact that we think of subsidies as charity. The act of giving, and not what it achieves, becomes the goal. If, instead, we thought of subsidies as something that we owe the poor for all the historical inequities of caste, class and location that they have had to suffer and for our failure to deliver an environment where every child can grow up to his best potential, may be we would feel less self-righteous and more responsible for what is actually being delivered.
A part of the problem lies in the fact that we think of subsidies as charity. The act of giving, and not what it achieves, becomes the goal.
(Abhijit Banerjee, well-known economist and author, is the Ford Foundation International Professor of Economics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), where he founded the Poverty Action Lab in 2003)

Bharat Heavy Electricals Bags Rs. 359 Crore Contract from NMDCYou are here: Home Corporates
Bharat Heavy Electricals Bags Rs 359 Crore Contract from NMDC
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 02, 2014 14:40 (IST)
Royal Enfield on Expansion Mode, to Set Up Third Plant
New Delhi: Bharat Heavy Electricals has bagged a contract worth Rs 359 crore for setting up a plant power distribution system package for an NMDC steel plant in Chhattisgarh.
The work pertains to state-owned NMDC's three million tonnes per annum integrated steel plant at Nagarnar in Chattisgarh. Already, Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd is executing a raw material handling package at the project.
In a statement today, BHEL said the contract for setting up the plant power distribution system package is valued at Rs 359 crore.
"The present order envisages design, engineering, supply, erection and commissioning of the complete power distribution system on turnkey basis.
"The system will supply power through 33kV GIS (Gas Insulated Switchgear) based substations to the shops of the integrated steel plant," it added.
Story first published on: October 02, 2014 14:38 (IST)

Nedbank set to take stake in Ecobank© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/16a683c4-4a1b-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gionee aims for Rs 3000 crore turnover by MarchGionee aims for Rs 3000 crore turnover by March
By Reuters | 2 Oct, 2014, 04.05PM IST
0
Share More
The company has sold 30 lakh devices and reached sales of Rs 1,500 crore in the country till August this year. The firm entered the market.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Chinese handset maker Gionee is targeting Rs 3,000 crore turnover in India by March-end, as it is witnessing a good uptake of its devices from the youth.
The company has sold 30 lakh devices and reached sales of Rs 1,500 crore in the country till August this year. The firm entered the Indian market in March last year.
"Currently, every 7 seconds someone upgrades to a Gionee in India which in itself is a success story and we plan to achieve Rs 3,000 crore business by the end of this fiscal," Gionee Smartphones India Head Arvind R Vohra told PTI.
It has witnessed a substantial rise in operations within 18 months and consumers here increasingly are showing trust in the brand, he added.
The company has so far launched 26 devices in India, of which 21 are smartphones. The handsets are available in over 20,000 outlets across the country with over 600 after sales service centres already in place.
"We are targeting sales of Rs 700 crore in the coming two months, starting Navratra for 60 days of festivity," Vohra said.
Gionee, which considers India the second priority market after China, will launch 5-6 new devices in the remaining five months of the current fiscal.
Vohra said the company is witnessing good uptake in the recent months and it has sold 13 lakhs handsets amounting to sales of Rs 1,030 crore in the last five months from April to August this year.
Gionee, which closed last year with revenues of USD 2.5 billion globally, sells over 23 million handsets per year worldwide and is ranked number 10 in the world in smartphone market share.
The company launched its own brand in India in Q1, 2013. It used to be an original device manufacturer (ODM) for many Indian brands earlier.

iPhone 6 selling at starting price of about Rs 56 000 in India on eBayE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Google launches lighter version search resul...You are here: Home > Collections > Google
Google launches lighter version search results pages in India
ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 05.05PM IST
Tags:
Akamai India
(According to the 'State…)
BANGALORE: Google on Thursday launched a lighter version of its search results pages in India, where Internet speed is among the lowest in the world.
"Now, we will automatically check to see if a user has a slow wireless connection and deliver a fast loading version of Search," Bharat Mediratta, Distinguished Software Engineer - Google wrote in a blogpost.
According to the 'State of the Internet' report by Akamai, India has one of the lowest broadband Internet penetration in the world. However, adoption rate is picking up.
"We find that India's broadband adoption rate has grown over 5x since the second quarter of 2012 (two years), and over 10x since the second quarter of 201," said Akamai.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Kerala starts drive against plastic with flex board on CM OommenChandyFlex boards on everything from football to politics are an eyesore across Kerala. (Source: surabhivasundhara.blogspot.in)
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 2, 2014 5:27 pm
The Clean India drive is getting a whole new meaning in Kerala. The Congress government in the state marked Gandhi Jayanti with Chief Minister Oommen Chandy destroying flex boards displaying his own pictures.
Chandy’s rival and party state president V M Sudheeran also joined the drive against flex board saying the party would abandon the practice of using flex boards for functions.
Inaugurating the anti-plastic drive on Thursday, Chandy destroyed a flex board displaying his face, erected by Congress workers. The government also launched a one-month drive against plastic waste, which would be collected and recycled by the Clean Kerala Company, a venture for recycling garbage.
Faces of politicians on flex boards flank the main roads across the state and this has been used as a means to greeting leaders as well as a weapon of protest.
Last year, when the Congress Pradesh Committee was reconstituted, thousands of flex boards had come up across Kerala, “congratulating the leaders on their being made a party office-bearer”.
Recently, flex boards of Congress president V M Sudheeran were seen lauding his stand on the liquor policy, that envisages total prohibition.
Inaugurating the anti-plastic drive, Chandy destroyed a flex board displaying his face, erected by Congress workers.

Infosys launches new solution for banksYou are here: Home > Collections
Infosys launches new solution for banks
PTI Oct 2, 2014, 05.19PM IST
Tags:
global banks
(The solution is capable…)
NEW DELHI: The country's second largest software services firm Infosys today launched a new solution to help banks simplify transaction reconciliation processes.
Infosys Transaction Reconciliation solution (ITRS) is a unified solution that helps banks automate and centralise their reconciliation across multiple channels, reduces costs by offering simple, easy-to-use tool for bank employees to perform reconciliation tasks and functions, it said in a statement.
With automation and optimisation, the solution helps reduce the need for manual interaction and increases performance through auto-matching and straight through processing, it added.
With global spend on reconciliation expected to reach $1.27 billion by 2017, banks are increasingly looking for automated solutions.
A unified reconciliation solution such as ITRS helps banks efficiently while meeting the regulatory needs, it said.
The solution is capable of processing up to 50 million transactions per hour and reduces 15 to 50 per cent of time taken to on-board reconciliation tasks.
"A well-planned reconciliation helps banks reduce risks emanating from disparate systems and processes or manual interventions," Infosys Executive Vice President and Head of Financial Services Mohit Joshi said.
Lack of a centralized, automated system could lead to expensive rework of reports and delays in account settlement. ITRS draws on our extensive experience of serving the evolving technology needs of global banks , he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hong Kong protesters and police are spoiling for a showdown tonightThe Future of Hong Kong
October 2, 2014
Hong Kong’s pro-democracy protests have been remarkably calm since Sunday evening, drawing families, new recruits and the merely curious  with a carnival-like atmosphere that owes much to the police’s laissez-faire approach over a two-day public holiday.
But that may be about to change. Student leaders, including Scholarism founder Joshua Wong,  warned Thursday evening that police could take “ decisive action ” to clear the center of the protests later tonight and urged more people to join.
That’s because police said earlier today about 3,000 government officials would return to work tomorrow, and warned that security forces would take action if the protesters didn’t stop blocking government buildings. Later, the Hong Kong government issued a second warning , asking protesters not to block the central government offices, police headquarters or chief executives office, and to “disperse peacefully as soon as possible.”
This evening they began very publicly stocking riot supplies, including what appeared to be rubber bullets, tear gas and warning flags:
Student leader Agnes Chow says police are amassing, asks protesters to tell friends to come #Occupycentral pic.twitter.com/hLjnGRYg6y

Euro ticks higher as Draghi speaks© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fe8314f2-49e2-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

With a bullet: Oil  Ebola and a big chargerEMAIL
AFP/Getty
Prices for Brent crude oil dropped 2.5% as producers showed no signs of cutting production . A barrel of Brent fell to $92.60 in Wednesday trading, while West Texas intermediate crude fell below $90 for the first time in 17 months. The average price of a gallon of unleaded gasoline in the U.S. was $3.30 a  gallon, down from $3.70 in April.
A timeline of China’s civil disobedience movement.
Nobel Prize winner Joseph Stiglitz proposes a solution for sovereign debtors, such as Argentina and Greece, and the so-called “vulture” investors who buy their defaulted debt .
Interest rates in much of Europe are negative , raising fears that European money market funds will let their share prices fall below a dollar – “breaking the buck,” in industry terms. Bad things happened when a U.S. money fund did that here .
Coca-Cola, under pressure from Warren Buffett and David Winters, a hedge-fund manager, is scaling back its executive compensation plan and shifting to more cash-based performance awards.
Companies in the Standard and Poor’s 500 Index are the healthiest in decades , with the lowest net debt to earnings ratio in at least 24 years, $3.59 trillion in cash and marketable securities, and record earnings per share.
Unemployment hurts happiness much more than modest inflation , a new paper says.
Thirteen things to know about Ebola, chief of which is that it’s fairly difficult to contract. And the biggest tragedy: We are likely to lose most of the health care professionals in sub-Saharan Africa.
State and federal prosecutors are zeroing in on used-car dealers in the growing problem of subprime auto loans.
A succinct summation of the feud between Bill Ackman and Carl Icahn over Herbalife : “One day Herbalife will either be put out of business by consumer-protection regulators or it won’t. If it is then Bill Ackman will make a lot of money and Carl Icahn will lose a lot of money, and if it isn’t Ackman will lose a lot of money and Icahn will make a lot of money, and in the meantime everyone will shout that everybody else should be investigated.”
You want a fast battery charger? Here’s a fast battery charger. It can recharge an entire electric bus in three minutes.

Aid organizations are desperate for help with Ebola as death toll surges past 3 300By Abby Phillip October 2 Follow @abbydphillip
Extra help arrives to help contain the Ebola outbreak in West Africa, which has claimed more than 3,300 lives. (Reuters)
Last week in Sierra Leone, the Ebola infection marched on at a rate of five infections every hour, a statistic that highlights the still-deteriorating situation in West Africa.
The World Health Organization announced on Wednesday that the virus' spread shows no signs of slowing. Now, more than 7,157 people have been infected and 3,330 had died in Liberia Sierra Leone and Guinea as of Sept. 28.
According to Save the Children, the sheer number of deaths in Sierra Leone in particular has created a desperate humanitarian crisis for children who are often left by behind, orphaned by dead parents, or are dying alone at home and in the streets. Last week alone, there were 765 new cases in a country with only 327 beds, the organization said.
"We are facing the frightening prospect of an epidemic which is spreading like wildfire across Sierra Leone, with the number of new cases doubling every three weeks," said Rob MacGillivray, Save the Children's country director in Sierra Leone in plea for treatment in that country . "Children, more than anyone, are suffering painful, anonymous and undignified deaths at home. It's very difficult at this stage to even give accurate figures on the number of children who are dying from Ebola, as monitoring systems cannot keep pace with the outbreak."
The WHO has also emphasized that the known numbers of Ebola infections and deaths likely vastly underestimate the virus' true toll. In some parts of each of those countries, the virus continues to spread rapidly, unchecked. In other parts, such as the Beyla district of Guinea, which borders neighboring Ivory Coast, the virus has now appeared for the first time.
"Transmission remains persistent and widespread in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, with strong evidence of increasing case incidence in several districts," the WHO said. "There are few signs yet that the EVD epidemic in West Africa is being brought under control."
Aid is now on its way from several countries, including the United States, which has dispatched a military unit to Liberia to build hospitals and coordinate the logistics of delivering aid to workers on the ground. The British government has also pledged a 700-bed hospital in Sierra Leone . But the impact of these efforts may not be felt for weeks or months.
Meanwhile, the current rate of transmission and deaths continues to grow rapidly.
In London, representatives from 20 different countries, including the U.S., France, Japan and Australia, are gathering Thursday for an Ebola Donors Conference to discuss the international response to the crisis, according to the BBC.
A mother of two, now widowed due to the Ebola virus, tells her story from inside a South Sudan camp. (Oxfam GB)
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

JK floods send economy back by $18 billionStory
Deluge of Woes
While the number of people who die is an incalculable loss, the floods have caused economic devastation of nearly $18 billion.
   Edition: Oct 12, 2014
People stand on a damaged bridge, which was swept away by floods on the river Tawi, in the outskirts of Jammu on September 7, 2014. Photo: Reuters
India is one of the most flood-prone countries in the world, with Jammu  and Kashmir the latest state to suffer massive destruction. While the  number of people who die is an incalculable loss, the floods have caused  economic devastation of nearly $18 billion since 2005.

Black buying power on upswing  Nielsen saysBlack buying power on upswing, Nielsen says
blackfriday
Ron T. Ennis, Fort Worth Star-Telegram
Latangya Clinton, right, helps her daughter Vanessa Clinton, choose a set of speakers for her iPod at Radio Shack in Ridgmar Mall, on Black Friday, Nov. 23, 2007, in Fort Worth, Texas.
Latangya Clinton, right, helps her daughter Vanessa Clinton, choose a set of speakers for her iPod at Radio Shack in Ridgmar Mall, on Black Friday, Nov. 23, 2007, in Fort Worth, Texas. (Ron T. Ennis, Fort Worth Star-Telegram)
By Cheryl V. Jackson, Special to the Tribune
Black Americans' purchasing power on upswing
Spending power can make a difference, Nielsen says
Black Americans want positive cultural images, want to support black-owned businesses, and value seeing more African-American faces in advertising and celebrity brand endorsements, according to a Nielsen report released Friday on black spending power.
The market research company, whose regional headquarters is based in Schaumburg, undertook the survey in conjunction with Essence Communications, publisher of Essence magazine, a publication targeting African-American women.
ABC, which has been looking for a suitable comedy companion to "Modern Family" for years, just may have found one in "Blackish." ( Rick Kissell )
The report, Nielsen's fourth on the spending habits of African-Americans, comes in the midst of the company's Conscious Consumer campaign launched this year to encourage multicultural groups to evaluate businesses' effects on their communities before patronizing them.
Black Americans spend about $1 trillion a year, according to Nielsen. That's expected to rise to $1.3 trillion by 2017.
I applaud Di'Latangya Clinton's spending lavishly to advance the image of an already self-reliant, family-oriented, neighborhood improving & anti-violent culture. The city is richer for it, and others can take away an example of educated, unbroken family values and this lady's...
Don Keynostril
1
"We got excited about the conscious consumer, which we define as a responsible shopper who understands her influence, is willing to be a social change agent to better their communities and is researching companies they financially support," said Cheryl Pearson-McNeil, senior vice president for U.S. Strategic Community Alliances and Consumer Engagement at Nielsen.
The campaign, shared on Nielsen microsites and social media channels, urges consumers to consider:
• Are there people who look like them in the advertising of a company you're about to do business with?
• Can they find this product in their neighborhood?
• Are the businesses supporting events and causes that are important to them and their community?
• Do they see people who look like them working in these businesses?
"We're not telling them whether they should or shouldn't be buying from these companies, but to ask, 'Why am I doing business with a company that is not giving back to me?'" Pearson-McNeil said.
In other findings, the report noted that spending on African-American-focused media was up by 7 percent in 2013, to $2.6 billion, but still only small percentage of the $69.3 billion companies spent on advertising last year.
"So often what clients are doing is looking to the emerging companies when, I think, there are plenty of opportunities right here in the U.S. to start looking at multicultural consumers," Pearson-McNeil said.

Amazon Apparently Ignores Its Beef With Hachette For Paul Ryanreddit
Amazon appears to be giving Representative Paul Ryan special treatment.
Over the last few weeks, the online retailer has backtracked on its initial refusal to promote the one-time Republican vice presidential nominee’s new book The Way Forward after Ryan complained of being a pawn in Amazon’s war with French publishing giant Hachette.
In what some have called an example of "rapacious near-monopoly," Amazon has removed the buying feature or delayed shipping on thousands of Hachette listings to pressure the publisher into selling e-book versions of its titles for about $5 cheaper .
Twelve, a Hachette-imprint, published Ryan’s 304-page political memoir on on August 19. But after the book was released, it was difficult to find on Amazon’s website, the New York Times reported . As part of its strategy of damaging Hachette sales, the retailer refuses to promote new titles from the company.
This ham-fisted approach to a negotiation has drawn the ire of major Hachette authors such as JK Rowling, James Patterson and Malcolm Gladwell. On Monday, even more literary lions who aren’t published by Hachette united against Amazon.
Last month, a day after his book was released, Ryan hinted that -- were he not a Congressman -- he would wade into the debate on the side of his fellow scribes.
During an August 20 appearance on CNBC’s “Squawk Box,” he said, “Amazon is clearly making kind of a power play here.”
He declined to say whether he felt Amazon was a monopoly. But pressed by host Andrew Ross Sorkin on whether he’d support regulation to weaken Amazon’s grip over the publishing industry, Ryan blew a dog whistle of support for his publisher.
“If I were just a private citizen I would voice one straight opinion,” he said, plugging Amazon rival Barnes & Noble as a good place to buy his book at a discount.
Amazon, it seems, heard his plea.
A screenshot of the Amazon listing for Paul Ryan's book, which is available for sale.
Soon after the appearance, Ryan’s book was stocked and discounted on Amazon, according to the New York Times . A few other Hachette books have found their way to Amazon’s top-selling lists with the help of discounts and availability. But other bestselling books from Hachette have not seen the same reversal.
Without a discount, The Closer, a memoir by New York Yankees' star Mariano River, sells on Amazon for $28. The same book is priced at $19.32 at Barnes & Noble.
Michael Connelly's upcoming thriller The Burning Room is not available for preorder:
The father-son memoir from television personalities Bill and Willie Geist, Good Talk, Dad, is l isted at a full-priced $27 on Amazon, where it could take up to three weeks to ship. At Barnes & Noble, the hardcover costs $18.63 and "usually ships within 24 hours."
Neither spokeswomen for Amazon nor Hachette immediately responded to The Huffington Post’s requests for comment on Tuesday morning.
More:

Sell  if gold rallies to $1 230-35/ounceSell, if gold rallies to $1,230-35/ounce
Gnanasekaar T
Stop loss: $1,245; target: $1,175
October 1, 2014:  
Comex gold futures ended lower on Wednesday as the dollar rose to a nine-month high against a basket of currencies. The metal slid 6 per cent in September, its sharpest monthly drop since June 2013.
Reflecting waning investor sentiment, holdings in SPDR Gold Trust, the top gold-backed exchange-traded fund, fell 2.39 tonnes on Tuesday to 769.86 tonnes, the lowest since December 2008.
Markets are also watching the political unrest in Hong Kong for impact on equities and possible haven bids on gold. Comex gold futures are lower in line with our expectations.
As mentioned in the previous update, prices could be eventually breaking lower and heading towards recent lows at $1,180 an ounce levels. Prices are expected to gradually inch towards $1,185-95 levels, a crucial trend line resistance support point.
A close below $1,175 should open the downside further for an even sharper move lower towards $1,050 levels in the bigger picture.
However, it looks unlikely for a sharp fall immediately. Prices could see a pullback to $1,225-35 levels before eventually dropping.
Only a close above $1,237 could dent the bearish view. Such a rise could take prices towards $1,260, or to $1,275. The favoured view is that prices will get capped in the $1,235-40 range and decline again towards levels mentioned above.
The wave counts have to be revisited again. A fall below $1,250 has forced us to abandon any bullish hopes and look at a bearish one targeting $1,050.
The current set of moves from $1,175 to $1,435 is a corrective wave four in an impulse which began from the high of $1920, with an equality target at $1,020. Ideally, from this a pullback towards $1,300 looks likely.
RSI is in the oversold zone now indicating a possible upward correction or a retracement in the offing. The averages in MACD are still below the zero line of the indicator indicating a bearish reversal. Only a cross over again above the zero line could hint at a possible bullish reversal again.
Therefore, look to sell gold on rallies to $1,230-35 zone with a stop loss at $1,245 targeting $1,175.
Supports are at $1,200, 1,175 and 1,145 and Resistances are at $1,225, 1,237 and 1,265.
The author is the Director of Commtrendz Research and there is risk of loss in trading.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Northwestern names new cancer center directorNorthwestern names new cancer center director
Dr. Leonidas Platanias
Northwestern University
Northwestern University has appointed Dr. Leonidas Platanias as director of its Robert H. Lurie Comprehensive Cancer Center.
Northwestern University has appointed Dr. Leonidas Platanias as director of its Robert H. Lurie Comprehensive Cancer Center. (Northwestern University)
By Ellen Jean Hirst, Tribune reporter
Northwestern University has appointed Dr. Leonidas Platanias as director of its Robert H. Lurie Comprehensive Cancer Center.
He had served as interim director since January and will oversee clinical operations and basic research programs.
Platanias said in an interview that he wants to establish Chicago as a global leader in personalized cancer treatment. He said the center is planning to introduce new clinical trials that involve using individual tumor’s genetic information to guide tailored cancer treatments.

Auto sales continue upward swing in SeptemberAuto sales continue upward swing in September
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 02, 2014 12:59 AM IST
An improvement in market sentiment, coupled with new launches and lowered fuel prices, helped passenger vehicle manufacturers post good sales numbers in September. Domestic sales of nine of the country’s leading automobile companies during the month stood at a combined 208,923 units, seven per cent more than the 195,339 units they sold in the same month last year.
Even as the number of units sold in September was higher than those in the previous month, the seven per cent annual growth rate during the month was lower than the 18 per cent for August. This slow rate of growth was expected in September, as demand is usually feeble during Pitra Piksha, a 15-day period during which Hindus abstain from acquiring assets.
New models such as the Honda Mobilio, Hyundai i20, Tata Zest, Toyota Etios Cross and Datsun Go brought additional volumes for carmakers during the month. Also, dealers stocked up for the festive season of Navaratri and Dussehra.
Maruti Suzuki, the country’s largest carmaker, reported a nine per cent increase in domestic sales to 99,290 units, against 90,399 in the same month a year ago. The Swift, Celerio, Dzire and Ritz models boosted the company’s sales; this segment grew 18 per cent on an annual basis. Maruti also said it had started production and dispatch of its Ciaz, a sedan that is yet to be launched.
On the back of the launch of the new i20, Korean major Hyundai posted an increase of 15 per cent in domestic sales to 35,041 units, against 30,601 sold in the same month last year. Rakesh Srivastava, senior vice-president (sales & marketing), Hyundai Motor India, said: “Hyundai’s strong performance in September was driven by its new models; 8,902 units of the new Elite i20 were sold during the month. We are seeing a significant increase in first-time buyers and exchange buyers this festive season. This is encouraging and will increase the momentum build in the past few months.”
New launches also helped Honda Cars India, which posted 45 per cent sales growth to 15,015 units, retaining its position as the fourth-biggest in the country. Over a third of Honda’s sales was accounted for by the Mobilio, its multi-seater family car that aims to take on Maruti’s Ertiga and Toyota’s Innova in the segment. Jnaneswar Sen, senior vice-president (marketing & sales), Honda Cars India, said: “We continue to perform strongly, with a strong demand for all our models during this festival period. Our top performer, the City, successfully resumed its production during September; we will be able to ensure better availability and timely delivery in coming months.”
A note from financial services firm Motilal Oswal confirmed that inventories at various dealerships were on the rise last month. “The sentiment has improved since the general elections. This has driven inquiries and their conversions, particularly for passenger vehicles. Concerns on monsoon have also abated, with narrowing of deficit in major regions,” the note said.
The sweep of the sentiment, though, was not uniform across the industry. For instance, General Motors India, Ford Motor India and Tata Motors continued to lag in September. General Motors, which relaunched the Sail and Sail hatchback with minor facelifts, reported a drop of nearly 40 per cent in sales. Similarly, Tata Motors, despite the debut of the Zest sedan, posted a seven per cent sales decline during the month.
“There is some positive movement in the market due to the festive season and new entries. However, the complete recovery of the automobile industry is still some time away,” said P Balendran, vice-president, General Motors India.
Mahindra & Mahindra, the market leader in the utility vehicle segment, sold five per cent more units during September and is confident of a demand turnaround. It is banking on its latest launch, the new Scorpio, to push sales.
Pravin Shah, chief executive (automotive division & international operations), Mahindra & Mahindra, said: “The sales numbers for September have been encouraging and we are glad that the automotive industry is turning the bend. We expect the ensuing festive season to bring in some much-needed cheer, with a slew of new launches from manufacturers, besides a reduction in the current account deficit and stable and reducing fuel prices.”

A Writers Guide to Being a Writer Part 3: Using Social Media  or I ll Like You If You Like Mereddit
Kay, my permanently grumpy marketing guru, has this week given birth to a beautiful little girl after a 20-hour labor, described by her gyno as "epic."
I take this to mean I can catch up on my reading, or perhaps my laundry. You see whilst not lazy as such, most writers, myself included, can safely be described as flighty, jumping at any opportunity to do something other than what we should. Facing one prominent and unmovable deadline for a national paper I once painted my kitchen Tuscan Sunset, which Alison, my long-suffering girlfriend, insists is just orange.
But no, the woman was on the phone six hours later, firing off suggestions, which to the uninitiated might sound suspiciously like orders. This is because, as previously mentioned, I've become an accidental e-book bestseller. Accidental in that no one, including me knows quite how I've done it. This strange enigma vexes Kay, who has made it clear that one of us will not rest until we know how we did it. So my attention turned to using social media with the dark warning, "I better see some new f*****g likes."
When it comes to social media everyone has a preference. Some like the cuddly, friendliness of Facebook, others the relative anonymity of Twitter, some even enjoy the thick-skinned masochism required for posting on Reddit. However, in my experience it's the most trial and error part of book marketing; a field that's already all about stabbing in the dark. Everyone in the publishing industry, make that everyone in every industry, is obsessed with social media right now, offering as it does a window into our very souls for anyone with a product in need of peddling. However I'm just not convinced anyone really knows how to use it effectively. Lots of people think they know, even more claim they do, but it's still the modern day equivalent of a message in a bottle; someone might receive it, it's even possible that the right person might receive it, but it comes with absolutely no guarantees.
The problem is we've reached 'Like' saturation. Every time we access social media we're asked to comment, follow, respond, reply, and share. To like is to associate, to comment is to involve ourselves, to share is to take ownership. Through this endless barrage of cats playing in hammocks and pictures of people's lunch we've become desensitized, building up a heavy callous on our like finger, so that we're now less inclined to use it.
But I dutifully followed orders/suggestions, which is always safer than angering Kay, which in my experience is like poking an adult crocodile with a very short stick. So I set up my Google+, updated my LinkedIn, and even enrolled in Pinterest, but then got distracted by pictures of cute dogs.
But then I had my epiphany.
Perhaps social media was actually invented to help people avoid work; I mean, just ask any boss. Perhaps by embracing it fully and completely I can get the same warm, fuzzy feeling I get cleaning the grouting or mowing the lawn when I should be writing and avoid having to face the wrath of a vengeful Kay. So I pinned pictures of cute puppies to my virtual board, liked, commented and shared until my calloused finger went numb, butted in on dozens of perfectly innocent tweetversations before Instagramming the s**t out of myself doing it.
And am pretty sure I sold the same number of copies I would have anyway.
But to anyone out there reading this. I'll like you if you like me -- @bezerkskhaus --  www.facebook.com/filthystillnovel
Next week: Welcome to the Fourth Estate.

On the chilling effect  from one of the chillersBy Eugene Volokh October 1 Follow @volokhc
Prof. John Banzhaf passed along this press release for me to post, and I’m very glad to do so. The press release gleefully embracing the chilling effect created by the FCC’s statements — “regulat[ion] by a ‘raised eyebrow.’” It stresses that broadcasters “fearful of delays or even failure to renew licenses” are pressured to restrict speech “without the need for formal actions,” partly because such delay “can hang like a Sword of Damocles” over the station and keep it from being sold or from borrowing money. The whole press release is, intentionally or not, a sharp indictment of the FCC’s power to control the content of speech (power that, if it can be used as to “Redskins,” can be used as to many other things as well, and indeed has been used as to other things). If the FCC enacts such a rule and I were litigating the challenge to the rule, this quote from the lawyer who filed the petition would play a prominent role in my briefs.
FCC to Ban “Redskins” — By Raised Eyebrow?
Extraordinary Statements By FCC Majority Trigger Predictions
The National Journal said “FCC Mulls Banning Redskins Name,” Reuters reported “FCC Considering Move to Ban NFL Redskins Team Name,” SportingNews asserted “FCC Considers Ban of ‘Redskins’ on TV, Radio,” and Yahoo Sports went even further, saying “FCC Considering Ban on Redskins Nickname, Punishment for Announcers.”
But FCC regulation of “Redskins” may already have begun, suggests public interest law professor John Banzhaf, whose formal legal petition to deny the renewal of one of team owner Dan Snyder’s radio stations triggered extraordinary statements by a majority of the commissioners at the agency.
Washington insiders know that the FCC often regulates by a “raised eyebrow”; publicly telegraphing its concerns, and counting on broadcasters — fearful of delays or even failure to renew licenses — to take appropriate steps without the need for formal agency action.
This happens because even a temporary delay in the renewal of a broadcast license can harm the station’s credit, limit its ability to be sold or traded, and in general can hang like a Sword of Damocles over it for months or even years. As the FCC has coyly admitted: “Several FCC Chairmen and commissioners have been successful in using the ‘raised eyebrow’ as an informal means of drawing attention to problems in industry practices.”
“It’s unusual for a sitting commissioner to opine on an issue which may come before his agency for a ruling, and rarer still for such an official to even hint how he feels about an issue already before it. So imagine how very rare it is for three commissioners of the FCC (including the Chairman) to publicly express very strong feelings on a legal petition they are going to have to decide,” says Prof. Banzhaf.
Broadcasting law experts know what it probably means: the agency is already beginning to pressure broadcasters to act on their own to avoid delays and legal problems over license renewals.
Today, at a press conference, FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler said he personally finds the word “Redskins” offensive, and urged the team to change it. He then went out of his way to say that “there are a lot of names and descriptions that were used for a time that are inappropriate today, … I think the name that is attributed to the Washington football club is one of those.”
While obviously declining to say if he would vote not to renew a broadcast license over this issue, he did promise, in speaking of Banzhaf’s petition, that “we will be dealing with that issue on the merits, and we will be responding accordingly.”
This apparently means that the renewal of licenses challenged on this ground will be delayed, and that they will probably have to go through a formal evidentiary hearing — a procedural step the law requires if there are any material issues of fact as to which there are any doubts or questions.
Here such issues abound. The formal legal petition to deny the renewal of the license of Snyder’s WWXX-FM says that repeated and unnecessary use of the word “Redskins” constitutes both “hate speech” and “fighting words” — the former because of allegation in an affidavit, backed up by almost 100 studies, showing that American Indians suffer violence as a result of its widespread use; and the latter because the word, likely to trigger the impulse to fight, thus falls outside the protection of the U.S. Constitution.
The agency may also have to take testimony to help it determine if the repeated and unnecessary use of “racial slurs,” as the “Redskins” name was found to be in several legal proceedings, serves the “public interest” as the law requires for those given a monopoly on a very valuable portion of the nation’s airwaves.
“If the FCC determines that stations are free to use such racial and ethnic slurs as often as they wish, it could open the door to non-stop racist rants against “N*gg*rs, Sp*cs, W*tb*acks, Ch*nks, K*kes, C*nts, F*gs, etc.,” argues Banzhaf, noting that even the musical group “Niggaz Wit Attitudes” was virtually never called by its full name on the air, even when its music was played for an understanding audience. [Expurgations, as always in this blog, are in the original; we don't expurgate ourselves. -EV]
Jessica Rosenworcel, one of the other five FCC commissioners, has told B&C/Multichannel News, in an unusually candid statement for a sitting official, that she recognizes that a number of people are offended by the name “Redskins” for Washington’s NFL football team, and has “concerns” herself about it.
FCC Commissioner Mignon Clyburn has also taken the unusual step of speaking out, saying “this is true even considering the current fate of Washington’s football team, which is saddled with injuries, wrestling with quarterback challenges, and resisting calls to change the team’s name for being offensive to Native Americans.”
Some time ago — in a show of solidarity which encouraged Banzhaf to file his formal legal petition, and to plan to file additional ones against TV stations in Los Angeles when their licenses come up for renewal in a few months — a former chairman of the FCC, two former FCC commissioners, and almost a dozen additional broadcast law experts issued a public statement concluding that stations which repeatedly and unnecessarily use the word “Redskins” on the air are apparently violating federal broadcast law, and could lose their licenses for doing so. Banzhaf’s petition will test whether they are correct.
Banzhaf says that he is very encouraged that three of the five FCC Commissioners have expressed concerns about the continued use of the “racial slur” “Redskins” on the public’s airwaves, and especially by the Chairman’s comment that the agency recognizes that it will have to deal with the issue on its merits — which probably means at least holding a hearing.
Even the threat of not being able to have the team name broadcast on radio and television will add to the growing pressure on Snyder to change it, says Banzhaf. Moral suasion — including from the President, half of the Senate, virtually every major Indian organization, many major civil rights organizations, and even legal decisions prohibiting the use of the word on automobile license plates — hasn’t worked, nor has the prospect that one day court proceedings will be over and he will no longer have “Redskins” trademarks.
But regulation by a “raised eyebrow,” and by the filing of threatening petitions opposing the renewal of broadcast licenses, can have an almost [instantaneous] effect. Within weeks of charging one DC-area station with racism, all major TV outlets were putting black reporters on the air for the first time, notes Banzhaf, who helped put that petition together, as well as using broadcast law to slash smoking rates with free time for the antismoking messages which eventually led to the current ban on cigarette commercials.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Adam Sandler is making 4 movies for NetflixAdam Sandler is making 4 movies for Netflix
By Charles Riley   @CRrileyCNN October 2, 2014: 2:16 AM ET
 
Movies in theaters also on Netflix?
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Adam Sandler is coming to Netflix.
The veteran comedian has agreed to produce and star in four feature films that will be released exclusively on the streaming video service.
The deal is yet another effort by Netflix ( NFLX , Tech30 ) to bolster its content portfolio, and one that is expected to be a hit with users. Sandler is one of the few actors whose films consistently rank among the most viewed by subscribers, Netflix said.
"His appeal spans across viewers of all ages -- everybody has a favorite movie, everyone has a favorite line -- not just in the U.S., but all over the world," said Ted Sarandos, the company's chief content officer.
Netflix did not announce any additional details about the four films, or when they would be released.
The Golden Age of binge TV watching?
Sandler made full use of his unique humor in a statement released by Netflix.
"When these fine people came to me with an offer to make four movies for them, I immediately said yes for one reason and one reason only: Netflix rhymes with Wet Chicks," he said. "Let the streaming begin!!!!"
Related: 'Crouching Tiger' sequel to hit Netflix and theaters simultaneously
Netflix announced a deal earlier this week that will allow it to premiere a feature film -- the sequel to the 2000 hit "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" -- at the same time moviegoers can see it in theaters.
The deal is a first for the film industry, and yet another sign that Netflix plans to be a major player in original content.
First Published: October 2, 2014: 12:55 AM ET
Most Popular
Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer .
Morningstar: © 2014 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2014. All rights reserved.
Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.
Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2014 and/or its affiliates.
© 2014 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy .
.

Asian stocks fall in line with U.S. markets overnightOct 02, 2014, 07.43 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Asian stocks fall in line with U.S. markets overnight
Asian stocks fall in line with U.S. markets overnight
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Asian stocks fall in line with U.S. markets overnight
Asian stocks fall in line with U.S. markets overnight
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Asia shares fell Thursday, led by Tokyo in sympathy with a steep fall in global markets overnight and a selloff in the dollar.
The Nikkei 225 fell 1.5% in early trade, while Korea's KOSPI index was also off 0.6% and Australia's S&P/ASX 200 was down 0.4%.
Among major Japanese exporters, Honda Motor Company Ltd (TOKYO:7267) was down 3.2%, while Tokyo Electron Ltd. (TOKYO:8035) was off 1.8% as the yen retraced earlier weakness, though support was mild on a central bank inflation survey.
The Bank of Japan Thursday released data on the inflation outlook measured in CPI among companies polled in its quarterly Tankan survey for September that showed an expected 1.5% rise in CPI in the coming year, unchanged from their average forecast in the previous.
The figures suggest companies are skeptical about the BoJ hitting the stable 2% inflation target during fiscal 2015 ending on March 31, 2016.
Overnight, U.S. stocks fell on concerns third-quarter earnings may disappoint, while soft U.S. data also pushed stock prices lower.
The Dow 30 fell 1.40%, the S&P 500 index fell 1.32%, while the NASDAQ Composite index fell 1.59%.
Earnings season is fast approaching, and fears that soft European and Chinese economies may affect U.S. top lines sent stock prices falling on Wednesday, especially on concerns that the Federal Reserve will wind up its monthly bond-buying program later this month.
Fed stimulus tools such as asset purchases aim to suppress long-term interest rates, which makes stocks attractive while such programs are in place.
A mixed bag of economic indicators in the U.S. took its toll on stock prices as well.
The Institute of Supply Management reported earlier that its manufacturing index fell to 56.6 in September from 59.0 in August. Economists had expected the index to decline less and come in at 58.5.
The employment sub-index slowed to 54.6 from 58.1 in the previous month, while the new orders sub-index fell to 60.0 from 66.7.
At the same time, separate data revealed that U.S. construction spending fell 0.8% in August to an annual rate of $960.96 billion. Analysts were expecting a decline of only 0.5%, and the day's data gave a few investors room to sell the greenback for profits.
Elsewhere on Wednesday, data showed that the U.S. private sector added more jobs than expected in September, though stocks focused on global issues.
Payrolls processor ADP reported that the U.S. private sector added 213,000 jobs last month, just ahead of expectations for jobs growth of 210,000. The economy created 202,000 jobs in August.
In other news, reports that the Ebola virus has arrived in the U.S. added to the selloff, especially by hitting airline, cruise lines and other stoicks on fears people will avoid traveling.
On Thursday, the U.S. is to publish the weekly report on initial jobless claims as well as data on factory orders.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Olive oil may revive a failing heart: studyOlive oil may revive a failing heart: study
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Sep 30:  
A potent ingredient in olive oil may hold the key to beating heart failure, a new research suggests.
Oleate, a common dietary fat found in olive oil, restored proper metabolism of fuel in heart cells in an animal model of heart failure, researchers have found.
Heart failure is not the same as having a heart attack - it is a chronic disease state where the heart becomes enlarged, or hypertrophic, in response to chronic high blood pressure which requires it to work harder to pump blood.
As the heart walls grow thick, the volume of blood pumped out diminishes and can no longer supply the body with enough nutrients.
Failing hearts are also unable to properly process or store the fats they use for fuel, which are contained within tiny droplets called lipid bodies in heart muscle cells. The inability to use fats, the heart’s primary fuel source, causes the muscle to become starved for energy.
Fats failing hearts manage to break down into toxic intermediary by-pproducts that further contribute to heart disease, researchers said.
The researchers at University of Illinois at Chicago College of Medicine looked at how healthy and failing hearts beating in rats reacted to being supplied with either oleate or palmitate, a fat associated with the Western diet and found in dairy products, animal fats and palm oil.
When the researchers perfused failing rat hearts with oleate, “we saw an immediate improvement in how the hearts contracted and pumped blood,” said E Douglas Lewandowski, director of the UIC Center for Cardiovascular Research and senior and corresponding author on the study.
Lewandowski and colleagues tracked the location of fat molecules in the cells of the diseased hearts by tagging them with a nonradioactive heavy isotope of carbon, which is detected using magnetic resonance spectroscopy.
This technology allows researchers to watch biochemical reactions, like metabolism, as they occur in real-time in functioning organs.
Using this technique, Lewandowski noticed that the metabolism of fats within the cardiac cells of these hearts became normalised.
In contrast, when the researchers perfused the diseased hearts with palmitate, fat metabolism was imbalanced, and cells struggled to access fuel.
There was also a rise in toxic fatty by-products - another consequence of dysregulated or impaired fat metabolism.
In addition to balancing fat metabolism and reducing toxic fat metabolites in hypertrophic hearts, Lewandowski said, oleate also increased the activation of several genes for enzymes that metabolise fat.
“This gives more proof to the idea that consuming healthy fats like oleate can have a significantly positive effect on cardiac health,” Lewandowski said. The findings were published in the journal Circulation.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Asset managers limit FTSE lossesAsset managers limit FTSE losses
By Neil Dennis and Michael Hunter
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5d453c2e-4a09-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil drops below $92 to new 27-month low as supply glut growsOil drops below $92 to new 27-month low as supply glut grows
By Reuters | 2 Oct, 2014, 03.54PM IST
0
Share More
Brent oil for November delivery lost $2.43 at $91.73 a barrel. US November crude lost $2.33 to reach $88.40 per barrel.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Oil prices hit their lowest level since June 2012 with benchmark Brent prices dropping under $92 a barrel as price cuts from top producer Saudi Arabia added to supply glut worries and weak global economic data.
Oil declined together with European stocks ahead of a European Central Bank meeting on Thursday, as investors waited to see if Bank chief Mario Draghi's asset purchase plan can inject confidence into the euro zone economy.
Sharp cuts in official selling prices from state producer Saudi Aramco to Asian customers on Wednesday came as the clearest sign yet that the world's largest exporter is trying to compete for crude market share, amplified supply concerns.
"This is a structural change in the oil market, with Saudi Arabia explicitly stating that they are willing to compete on price," said Bjarne Schieldrop, chief commodities analyst at SEB in Oslo.
"I think Brent will fall below $88 before we see the bottom of the market."
Brent oil for November delivery lost $2.15 at $92.01 a barrel by 1054 GMT. It earlier hit $91.73, its lowest since June 2012.
US November crude lost $2.00 to reach $88.73 per barrel, a near 18-month low.
"Saudi Arabia has once again noticeably lowered the price differentials for its oil. In some cases, this puts them at their December 2008 levels, that is to say the level they were at during the 2008/09 economic crisis," said Carsten Firtsch at Commerzbank.
"OPEC appears to be gearing up for a price war. We therefore do not expect prices to stabilize until this impression disappears and OPEC returns to coordinated production cuts," he added.
While Saudi price cuts triggered Thursday's plunge, oil prices have been falling for months under the combined pressure of a revival in Libyan oil production, strength in the US dollar and dismal economic data in Asia and Europe.
Some analysts said a cut in production from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) was the only move that could enable a price recovery, and pressure was building on OPEC to reduce output at its meeting next month.
While some expected OPEC to adjust the group's output target of 30 million barrels per day (bpd) for 2015, any cut may not be big enough to spur a bounce in oil prices.
SEB's Schieldrop said OPEC would need to cut around 1-1.5 million barrels a day in production in order to balance the markets in 2015.
Oil production in Russia increased by almost 0.9 percent month-on-month in September to 10.61 million barrels per day (bpd), Energy Ministry data showed.
Data on Wednesday showed disappointing European factory data, and China's manufacturing sector in September remained subdued. US economic strength, a rare bright spot for global markets, showed signs of caution following worries of an Ebola outbreak.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Nitin Gadkari doesn t rule out post-poll pact with Shiv Sena10
0
Pune: In an indication of a possible post-poll understanding with Shiv Sena, Union Minister Nitin Gadkari has said that BJP could consider joining hands again with its estranged ally if the situation so demanded.
Describing breaking of the 25-year-long saffron alliance in Maharashtra as most "unfortunate and painful," Gadkari, when asked about a post poll tie-up (in a hung Assembly scenario) with the Sena, said, "If the situation arises, we can certainly think of that.
Shiv Sena has been our ally bound together on the base of Hindutva." Stating that there is "bitterness" about the Sena in BJP, he said, "We have the same amount of love for Bal Thackeray as we have for Atalji." "Our Parliamentary Board will consider these issues if necessary," he added.
"We will get majority. No ifs and buts," the Union Minister said.
#bjp #shiv sena #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #nitin gadkari
When asked whether BJP would consider taking support of NCP-Congress after the elections as an expediency, Gadkari said, "We will get majority. No ifs and buts." The lone Sena member of NDA Cabinet Anant Geete need not resign and nobody from BJP has asked him to step down, he told a Marathi news channel.
Meanwhile, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray attacked BJP saying it "used" the Sena to capture power in Delhi and broke the alliance afterwards for the Maharashtra elections. Recalling the late Pramod Mahajan and Gopinath Munde's role in keeping the saffron alliance intact over the years, he said, "These BJP leaders never pushed things to the breaking point."
"Now for today's BJP leaders, it has become a game of chess," he said. Thackeray, addressing a meeting at Parbhani in the state's Marathwada region last night, also ridiculed BJP's slogan which seeks blessings of Shiv Chhatrapati saying that the party never even celebrated Shivjayanti.
1

ECB Buying Bundles of Loans Could Spur LendingSara Evans' Ex-Nanny Takes Polygraph Test
Oct. 20, 2006
Share
Copy
Sara Evans' ex-nanny has taken a lie detector test to prove she did not have an affair with the country singer's husband.
Alison Clinton, 28, told ABC News Radio in an exclusive interview Tuesday that she'd submit to a polygraph test to prove she wasn't an adulteress. The results of that test, administered by a former FBI agent, will be released this evening on "Entertainment Tonight" and "The Insider."
"I told people I would take this test to demonstrate my honesty and integrity," Clinton said in a statement issued by her lawyer. "I also thought it was important for someone else to pick the polygraph expert and not be hand-picked by me or my attorney.
"I remain saddened and surprised by Sara's attempt to drag me into what should have been her private matter. I will continue to fight to clear my name and protect my family, who has been hurt by these accusations. Nothing short of a complete retraction and apology from Sara will suffice."
Clinton Blindsided by Accusations
Evans dropped out of "Dancing With the Stars" last week after filing divorce papers in which she alleged that her husband of nine years, 43-year-old Craig Schelske, had cheated on her, drank excessively, been verbally and emotionally abusive, and watched pornography in their home.
The 35-year-old singer also said Schelske had at least 100 nude photographs of himself in a state of arousal on a home computer, and was having an affair with Clinton. Schelske has denied his estranged wife's claims. His representative, Christian Josi, said he will be making a "voluminous" court filing in Nashville today to address the matter.
Clinton said she worked as the nanny of Evans' three children for five years, and after leaving that job in 2004, remained close friends with the singer. She said she spoke with her former boss on Oct. 11, just before Evans would make her final appearance on "Dancing With the Stars."
"It was very much, 'I love you. I miss you. Please get out here," Clinton told ABC. "Then, the very next day, these allegations come out, and so it was a complete 180. It just doesn't add up."
Clinton said she forged an especially close relationship with Evans over the years, and credits her for helping her cope with a serious eating disorder.
The former nanny once served as co-president of the country singer's fan club, and Evans thanked her on the liner notes of her last album. When Clinton married in July, Evans served as matron of honor, while Schelske was a groomsman.
Over the past winter, Clinton said she helped Evans through "an exhaustion breakdown."
"She had had a hard time back in December," Clinton said. "She kind of had an exhaustion breakdown, and then in January, we started a Bible study together.
"She was trying to get back in gear and get more focused and grounded, but, you know, I didn't see this coming. This is all really a big shock."
Evans' press representatives and her music label, SONY BMG, declined to comment on the matter.
ABC News Radio's Hunter Kelly and ABCNEWS.com's Buck Wolf contributed to this report.
-- This embed didnt make it to copy for story id = 2591171. -- This embed didnt make it to copy for story id = 2591171.

Discipline is needed to make  Swachh Bharat  a success  says Clean India heroDiscipline is needed to make 'Swachh Bharat' a success, says Clean India hero
CNN-IBN | Oct 02, 2014 at 04:37pm
In an interview to CNN-IBN, Clean India hero Rajeev Kher talks about the basic elements needed for making 'Clean India' a success in India. ' Firstly, the mindset of people has to change. We need to have our technology in place if we want to achieve our goal in record time. Discipline also plays an equally important role,' says Kher.
Jharkhand elections: Sonia Gandhi urges people of Daltonganj to vote for Congress
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Infosys unveils new solution for banksHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Infosys unveils new solution for banks
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 2:  
The country's second largest software services firm Infosys today launched a new solution to help banks simplify transaction reconciliation processes.
Infosys Transaction Reconciliation solution (ITRS) is a unified solution that helps banks automate and centralise their reconciliation across multiple channels, reduces costs by offering simple, easy-to-use tool for bank employees to perform reconciliation tasks and functions, it said in a statement.
With automation and optimisation, the solution helps reduce the need for manual interaction and increases performance through auto-matching and straight through processing.
With global spend on reconciliation expected to reach $1.27 billion by 2017, banks are increasingly looking for automated solutions.
A unified reconciliation solution such as ITRS helps banks efficiently while meeting the regulatory needs, it said.
The solution is capable of processing up to 50 million transactions per hour and reduces 15 to 50 per cent of time taken to on-board reconciliation tasks.
"A well-planned reconciliation helps banks reduce risks emanating from disparate systems and processes or manual interventions," Infosys Executive Vice-President and Head of Financial Services, Mohit Joshi said.
Lack of a centralised, automated system could lead to expensive rework of reports and delays in account settlement.
ITRS draws on our extensive experience of serving the evolving technology needs of global banks, he added.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Software giant Microsoft bets big on tablets...You are here: Home > Collections > Tablets
Software giant Microsoft bets big on tablets in India
PTI Oct 2, 2014, 05.30PM IST
Tags:
Datawind
(Microsoft India Director…)
NEW DELHI: Software giant Microsoft is placing big bets on tablets to drive adoption of its Windows 8.1 platform on smart devices in the country.
The US-based firm, which acquired devices and services business of Nokia earlier this year, expects Windows-powered tablets to do especially well in segments like educational institutions and small and medium businesses (SMBs).
"Previously, there were devices that were launched at extremely low prices but failed to deliver quality experience. The devices that are coming now offer much better experience and we are confident that Windows platform will do well," Microsoft India Director (Windows Business Group) Vineet Durani told PTI.
He added that with different devices makers launching Windows-powered tablets at various price points, consumers will have more options to choose from.
"Tablets are both a productivity and an entertainment device. It has the mobility of a smartphone and lets you create content as you would on a PC. PC penetration is still low in India, but tablets can help bridge that gap," he said.
Talking about the segments that Microsoft is targeting, Durani said a lot of growth for Windows platform (on tablets) will come from educational institutions and SMEs.
He added that with prices falling to as low as Rs 8,000 (for Windows-based tabs) by year-end, the market will continue to expand.
According to industry body MAIT, tablet PC witnessed a muted growth of 76 per cent in 2013-14 compared to triple digit growth in the last two years as fewer entry-level models were introduced.
The sales for 2013-14 stood at 3.35 million units as against 1.9 million units in 2012-13.
MAIT expects the segment to grow only by about 27 per cent in FY 2014-15 as consumers opt for more higher screen sized smartphones.
However, players like Microsoft and chip maker Intel are confident of a revival in demand and sales of tablets (devices with screen sizes above 6.99 inches), driven by new form factors like 2-in-1s.
Besides homegrown players, many multinational firms like Samsung , Lenovo and Asus have launched tablets in the last few months to cash in on the opportunity.
According to CyberMedia Research, over 7.46 lakh tablets were sold in the January-March 2014 quarter by as many as 30 domestic and international vendors. Samsung, Apple and Datawind were the top three players.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Asian Games: India beat Pakistan to win hockey gold  reach Olympics29
48
Indian hockey gave the world a timely reminder on Thursday to not count them out yet as the men from the land of hockey beat Pakistan in nervy penalty shootout to win the Asian Games gold after 16 years.
After the re-designed regulation period of 60 min ended in a 1-1 deadlock, India went on to score off four of their five attempts in penalty shootout, where Pakistan could score just twice against India's star goalkeeper PR Sreejesh.
Sreejesh pulled off two brilliant saves as India won 4-2 in the shootout. Dharamvir Singh converted the last attempt for India to trigger wild celebrations in the stadium.
#india #pakistan #hockey gold #asian games 2014
Mohammad Rizwan Sr scored for Pakistan just three minutes into the game and it remained so at the end of first quarter of 15 minutes. India came back through Kothajit Singh who scored the equaliser in the 27th min, as the teams went into half-time locked at 1-1.
The remaining two quarters failed to decide the winner despite both the teams coming very close to breaking the deadlock. But it didn't happen, forcing the game into a penalty shootout.
With their third Asian Games gold, India also earned direct qualification to the 2016 Rio Olympics.
The win was reminiscent of India's triumph in the 1998 Bangkok Games, when skipper and goalkeeper Ashish Ballal also made some excellent saves to guide his team to a 4-2 win over South Korea in the penalties after the match ended 1-1. In fact, India's first gold medal also came in Bangkok, beating Pakistan in the final.
It was after 32 years that both India and Pakistan were facing off in the Asian Games final. The last time when the neighbours faced in the 1982 Asian Games final, India were humiliated 1-7 in Delhi.
(With inputs from agencies)

Swamy demands President s rule in TNSwamy demands President's rule in TN
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 2:  
BJP leader, Subramanian Swamy today urged the Centre to impose President's rule in Tamil Nadu in the wake of violent incidents in the state after the conviction of Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa in a corruption case.
In a statement he condemned the "sordid and shameful" incidents in the state since Sept 27 when Jayalalithaa was convicted.
Swamy urged the Modi government to impose President's rule for a year and then hold general elections in Tamil Nadu. .
"All violent and anti-national elements in the state should be arrested under the National Security Act," he said.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Cyber attack on Defence Research Lab thwarted: Quick HealCyber attack on Defence Research Lab thwarted: Quick Heal
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 2:  
An attempt to steal sensitive data from Defence Metallurgical Research Laboratory (DMRL), the research lab of DRDO, through cyber attack was detected and blocked in September, security software maker Quick Heal has said in its report.
“We have been closely tracking an attack campaign named as ’Sinon’ specifically aimed at the Defence Metallurgical Research Laboratory (DMRL), research laboratory of the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO),” said Quick Heal Chief Technology Officer Sanjay Katkar, sharing contents of the report.
The report said that the attack termed as ‘Sinon Campaign’ was detected on September 5, 2014 and was carried out through a genuine looking email - spear-phishing email - with an infected attachment designed to exploit an old vulnerability in Windows operating system.
“The threat was immediately found and blocked by our end point security solution active in DRML’s computer thus making it completely harmless. We took a couple of weeks’ time to understand that the threat blocked was actually an invasive effort to penetrate and steal our defence intelligence,” Katkar said.
He did not share the damage that the attack could have done in stealing information from the lab located in Hyderabad but said the thwarted attack was “capable of copying sensitive data and sending it to the attackers server, and the attackers would also have full control over the machine from its Control & Command centre.”
The Quick Heal analysis of the attack showed that it was being executed through a server in Vietnam but that the server address and other details could have been a fake registration. The location of original attacker was not shared in the report.
The attack was executed through a genuine looking e-mail and once the spear-phishing e-mail was opened, it opened a fake document. The fake document downloaded a malicious code.
“While the document would completely misguide the victim, the malware would create another huge avg.dll file of 28MB size to misguide anti-virus or any other debugging software. This file once installed looks like a genuine antivirus software,” the report said.
Earlier this year the Indian Infosec Consortium found that about 3,000 Internet connections in Delhi were compromised probably for snooping from foreign locations.
The list included names of Defence Ministry at South Block and the Chief of Naval Staff in C-Wing at South Block.
Government’s cyber security arm Computer Emergency Response Team-India (CERT-In) reported 62,189 cyber security incidents in first five months of the current calendar year.
The attacks have been observed to be originating from the cyber space of a number of countries including the US, Europe, Brazil, Turkey, China, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Algeria and the UAE, but could not be established.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Microsoft bets big on tablets for adoption of Windows 8.1Microsoft bets big on tablets for adoption of Windows 8.1
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, October 2:  
Software giant Microsoft is placing big bets on tablets to drive adoption of its Windows 8.1 platform on smart devices in the country.
The US-based firm, which acquired devices and services business of Nokia earlier this year, expects Windows-powered tablets to do especially well in segments like educational institutions and small and medium businesses (SMBs).
"Previously, there were devices that were launched at extremely low prices but failed to deliver quality experience.
The devices that are coming now offer much better experience and we are confident that Windows platform will do well," Microsoft India Director (Windows Business Group) Vineet Durani told PTI.
He added that with different devices makers launching Windows-powered tablets at various price points, consumers will have more options to choose from.
"Tablets are both a productivity and an entertainment device. It has the mobility of a smartphone and lets you create content as you would on a PC. PC penetration is still low in India, but tablets can help bridge that gap," he said.
Talking about the segments that Microsoft is targeting, Durani said a lot of growth for Windows platform (on tablets) will come from educational institutions and SMEs.
He added that with prices falling to as low as Rs 8,000 (for Windows-based tabs) by year-end, the market will continue to expand.
According to industry body MAIT, tablet PC witnessed a muted growth of 76 per cent in 2013-14 compared to triple digit growth in the last two years as fewer entry-level models were introduced.
The sales for 2013-14 stood at 3.35 million units as against 1.9 million units in 2012-13.
MAIT expects the segment to grow only by about 27 per cent in FY 2014-15 as consumers opt for more higher screen sized smartphones.
However, players like Microsoft and chip maker Intel are confident of a revival in demand and sales of tablets (devices with screen sizes above 6.99 inches), driven by new form factors like 2-in-1s.
Besides homegrown players, many multinational firms like Samsung, Lenovo and Asus have launched tablets in the last few months to cash in on the opportunity.
According to CyberMedia Research, over 7.46 lakh tablets were sold in the January-March 2014 quarter by as many as 30 domestic and international vendors. Samsung, Apple and Datawind were the top three players.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Raj Thackeray spews venom at Sharad Pawar over Shiv Sena-BJP splitE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Govt mulls 5% stake sell in RCF next fiscalYou are here: Home > Collections
Government planning to sell 5 per cent stake in RCF next fiscal
PTI Oct 2, 2014, 05.57PM IST
Tags:
Government
(Government is planning…)
NEW DELHI: The government is planning to divest at least 5 per cent stake in state-run Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilizers (RCF) in 2015-16, sources said.
"There are plans to divest at least 5 per cent stake in the company (RCF) in the next fiscal, which could be raised to 10 per cent," a highly-placed source said.
The government at present owns 80 per cent stake in the company, while remaining 20 per cent is with the public and institutions. LIC holds 6.45 per cent, the biggest stake by stakeholder other than other than promoters.
Shares of RCF closed at Rs 52.15 apiece at last close in BSE. At the prevailing price, sale of 5 per cent stake or 2.76 crore shares would fetch around Rs 145 crore to the exchequer.
The share sale will help the government make RCF complaint with the minimum 75 per cent public shareholding norm of market regulator Sebi.
In March 2013, government had raised Rs 310 crore from sale of 12.5 per cent stake in RCF through offer for sale route, which got over-subscribed 1.3 times.
Meanwhile, replying to the queries raised during the 37th Annual General Meeting of RCF on September 19, the company's Chairman and Managing Director R G Rajan had clarified that "the government will take decision regarding the disinvestment and most probably, it may be in the next year".
In the first quarter of the current financial year 2014-15, RCF has reported a net profit to Rs 83.95 crore for the first quarter ended on June 30, on account of higher income.
The company has also proposed setting up a subsidiary 'RCF Videsh' that will specifically focus on ventures and assets abroad where feedstock natural gas is cheap or raw materials like phosphate are available in abundance.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Total lunar eclipse on October 8Oct 02, 2014 at 05:40pm IST
Total lunar eclipse on October 8
14
0
Indore: The earth will completely cover the moon during a total lunar eclipse which will occur on October 8. "The total lunar eclipse will begin at 02:44:05 afternoon and end at 06:04:07 in the evening on October 8," Ujjain's Jiwaji Observatory Superintendent Dr Rajendra Prakash Gupt told PTI on Thursday.
"This celestial activity involving the trio of sun, earth and moon will last for nearly 3 hours and 20 minutes," he said.
"During the period, the moon will be completely shadowed by earth for nearly 23 minutes when the eclipse will reach at its peak," he said.
This celestial activity involving the trio of sun, earth and moon will last for nearly 3 hours and 20 minutes.
#lunar eclipse #total lunar eclipse
The celestial activity is likely to be visible the best in North-East's Dibrugarh, Imphal and Kohima towns where moon rises earlier than other parts of the country, Gupt said.
This will be the second and last lunar eclipse of this year. The first one occurred on April 15, he said.
Total lunar eclipse occurs when earth comes in between the sun and moon and completely shadows the latter.
8

J&K: Six civilians injured in Pak firing in Poonch38
0
Jammu: Six civilians including two women were injured and six houses partially damaged during shelling by Pakistani troops on border hamlets along the Line of Control in Poonch district of Jammu and Kashmir, police said on Thursday.
After over a month-long lull, Pakistani troops on Wednesday night resorted to firing by small arms and automatic weapons and shelling of 81 mm mortar bombs in two forward sub-sector of Sabjian and Mandi since 1840 hours and intermittent firing continued till midnight drawing retaliation from Indian forces, a senior Army officer had said.
Civilian population living in border hamlets of Gigriyal and Uripura along LoC were targeted during the firing, police officials said.
Civilian population living in border hamlets of Gigriyal and Uripura along LoC were targeted during the firing, police officials said.
#poonch #ceasefire violation #pakistan #jammu and kashmir
The injured have been identified as Hajra Begum, Sakina Begum, Zahoor Ahmed, Gulam Nabi, Khaja Ahad and Mumtaz Ahmed, police said, adding that the condition of one of the women is stated to be critical.
The injured were rushed to hospitals in Poonch and Mandi belts and most of them are out of danger, they said.
At least six houses were partially damaged in the shelling, police said, adding, that five live bombs were recovered in Uripora belt, which are being defused.
"There was no loss of life or injury to anyone among the armed forces on this side in Pak firing," the Army officer said.
These fresh violations came after a gap of one month and four days along Indo-Pak border in Jammu and Kashmir. Pakistan Rangers had resorted to unprovoked firing by automatic machine guns on the intervening night of August 26 and 27 on Indian BOPs located in Pragwal area of Akhnoor tehsil of Jammu.
In a bid to defuse border tension triggered by 45 days of firing and shelling by Pakistani troops, the longest since 1971 war, India and Pakistan on August 29 held a crucial Sector Commander (DIG-Brigadier) level flag meeting on Octerio BoP in RS Pura sector to decide to maintain peace and tranquility by silencing guns.
5

Applications for US Jobless Aid Fall to 287k; Fewest People Receiving Benefits in 8-Plus YearsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Here is the biggest challenge to Modis digital India visionMost of India is not connected.(Reuters/Adnan Abidi)
SHARE
Saptarishi Dutta @saptarishidutta
October 2, 2014
Indian prime minister Narendra Modi wants to create a digital India  that would use technology to improve the country’s healthcare systems, education and banking. He envisages ‘ smart cities ‘ that will use big data to build more efficient cities. But as the following chart shows, India will have to address the problem of digital have-nots at some point, as the barrier to internet access in the country is high.
Share
Tap image to zoom
A global study by McKinsey and Facebook finds that India has one billion people without Internet access. The report, titled ‘Offline and Falling Behind: Barriers to Internet Adoption,’ has constructed an ‘Internet Barrier Index’ assessing the obstacles to Internet access in 25 countries. India finishes 20th on that list.
 “Even the cheapest data plans are simply too expensive.” 
A total of 4 billion people in the world don’t have access to Internet—India accounts for 25% of them. The study found that most people who don’t have Internet access live in the rural areas, in low income countries and are largely elderly and female.
The report suggests that the major obstacles in Internet access in India are the same as the most pressing issues facing the country today: literacy, poverty and poor infrastructure.
Thirty seven percent of adult Indians are  illiterate  which translates to 287 million people—the highest in the world. The report notes that such a high illiteracy rate acts as a major roadblock in expanding the reach of the Internet. Awareness about the Internet and ability to operate a computer is low among Indians, adding to the worries.
“Illiterate farmers are unable to benefit from myriad existing services that provide weather forecasts and market prices through text messages or other digital means,” the study notes.

Jayalalithaa case verdict: 18 cos created to siphon off Tamil Nadu CM  resources   says courtJayalalithaa case verdict: 18 cos created to siphon off Tamil Nadu CM 'resources', says court
PTI | Bangalore | Updated:  Oct 02 2014, 18:43  IST
Oct 02 2014, 18:43  IST
 

Lack of leadership may affect HK pro-dem pro...Lack of leaders may undermine Hong Kong protests in "long game"
By Reuters | 2 Oct, 2014, 06.32PM IST
Police used tear gas, pepper spray and batons at the weekend against protesters shielding themselves with umbrellas.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
HONG KONG: Pro-democracy protesters on the streets of Hong Kong are proud to proclaim their movement is a ground-up "citizen's revolution", but their lack of a clear leadership could prove a telling weakness as the authorities prepare to play a long game.
Police used tear gas, pepper spray and batons at the weekend against protesters shielding themselves with umbrellas, but have since shifted their tactics to avoid confrontation, apparently hoping the protests will fizzle out.
"We are not worrying about excessive violent from police, as we don't expect they will repeat it again when the whole world is watching," said Kenneth Mok, a 22-year-old civil engineering graduate, at a protest site in the city's Admiralty district.
"We are worrying the movement will lose steam without a clear leader leading. We are worrying that people will go back to normal like nothing has happened."
The protests, which have drawn tens of thousands on to the streets at their peak, represent the biggest challenge to Beijing's authority in the former British colony since it reverted to Chinese rule in 1997.
Demonstrators across the city were doing their best to prepare for a protracted stand-off on Thursday, setting up supply stations with water bottles, fruit, raincoats, towels, goggles, face masks, tents and the ubiquitous umbrellas.
Organisers of Occupy Central with Love and Peace (OCLP), one of the main groups behind the demonstrations, have threatened to take over government buildings if Hong Kong's pro-Beijing leader, Leung Chun-ying, does not step down, prompting a warning of "serious consequences" from police.
But protesters on the streets, while united in their calls for full democracy for Hong Kong, are split over tactics. "We have no organisers here...we received no commands or even orders from Occupy Central leaders," said Ken Tsang, 30, a coordinator at a supply station on Canton Road, sometimes dubbed the world's most expensive shopping street.
"Occupy Central is already dead and what's happening now is the Umbrella Revolution. It is a citizen-involved revolution and it's not organised by any political parties."
After a morning news conference that served only to highlight their lack of cohesion, leaders from Occupy Central and student groups also prominent in the protests organised a hasty show of unity on Thursday afternoon.
"Hong Kong people want real freedom and real democracy," Benny Tai, a law professor and OCLP founder, told the second press conference.
SOCIAL MEDIA
In the densely populated Mong Kok district, a supply station volunteer who gave only her family name, Yim, said protesters there had refused a request from Occupy Central members to remove street barriers, fearing that doing so would make them more vulnerable to attack by triads or pro-Beijing groups.
"There's no such thing as Occupy Central organisers," she said. "Everyone came out and occupied the street by themselves."
On the streets, protesters say they have been organising themselves, monitoring social media to decide where to go and arranging informal "shifts" with friends.
Supplies are dropped off by donors to stations manned by volunteers at the edge of protest sites.
Becky Chan, a 24-year-old financial planner, was working at such a supply station on Wednesday and Thursday, which were public holidays. Like many, she planned to return to work on Friday, but said she would come out in the evenings.
"I am worried, but I am still hopeful," she said, when asked if she thought the protests would fade away as people returned to work. "We still have the students. We'll shift the duties, the Hong Kong people will organise."
The one place where central co-ordination is in evidence is at the first aid stations set up by the Occupy Central medical team at protest sites.
These are staffed by 200-300 volunteer doctors and nurses recruited via Whatsapp and Facebook to work in organised shifts.
One of the co-ordinating doctors, Wong Yam-hong, a cardiologist at Tuen Mun Hospital, said he was concerned about how long they could keep going.
"Our medical volunteers, many of them work in public hospitals and are volunteering in their free time," he said.
"Their work is very demanding, and volunteering is harsh and physically demanding. This is an issue of physical exhaustion. But we are trying to do what we can."

Euro higher as Draghi speaks© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fe8314f2-49e2-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Musk teases a  D  from TeslaMusk teases something new from Tesla: The D
By Chris Isidore   @CNNMoney October 2, 2014: 9:01 AM ET
 
Elon Musk: Tesla 90% autonomous in 2015
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Elon Musk and his letters are at again.
The Tesla Motors CEO who named his current car the Model S, and is close to the rollout of the Model X crossover vehicle, tweeted late Wednesday that it is "About time to unveil the D and something else."
Included was a picture of a garage door with the letter D on it being raised, to show the front of a Tesla car, with the date Oct. 9 on it.
But don't expect the car underneath to be an all new Model D. It's pretty much impossible for Tesla to have a new car a week from debut without anyone outside the company being aware of its existence.
Perhaps the most likely explanation is that "the D" either refers to a driver assist feature or some kind of all-wheel drive for the Model S, which to this point has been rear-wheel drive only.
Related: Americans are warming to self-driving cars
Driver assist refers to is a growing area of safety products that can slow or even stop a car if there's an obstacle such as a stopped car up ahead. It can also alert a driver to obstacles as they change lanes lane or even help them park a car.
Musk said a year ago that the company was working on an autopilot system for the Model S.
 
X-rated: Tesla stock soars again
Trip Chowdhry, analyst with Global Equities Research, wrote in a note Saturday that his research showed Model S cars being built with a tech package that had those three driver assist features.
The Model X crossover is going to have an all-wheel drive version. Offering the all-wheel drive version of the Model S could help support its continued sales after the Model X comes out early next year.
Chowdry said only about 17% of Tesla's Model S sales have been in northern states where snow is a concern to drivers.
Musk's tweet was inspiring all kinds of speculation, enough that Musk tweeted that the comments had him ROFL (rolling on the floor laughing).
Of course Tesla spokespeople would not comment on or offer any explanation about their boss' tease.
First Published: October 2, 2014: 7:57 AM ET
Most Popular

History: Bad Oct. start isn t stock death knellEMAIL
Getty
It’s hard to sugarcoat it: The first trading of October was an unmitigated disaster, with the benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500 stock market tumbling 1.3%, its worst dive to kick off October since a 2.9% rout in 2011. The Dow also stumbled, tumbling 238 points. And the small-cap Russell 2000 stock index closed 10% below its March 4 record close, marking its first official price correction since the fall of 2012.
Those gruesome statistics did little to assuage investors’ anxiety, which was high entering the month, given October’s reputation for being susceptible to stock market crashes. The 1929 and 1987 crashes occurred in October.
Stocks were hit hard Wednesday by worries about global growth after weak manufacturing data in the eurozone, jitters over the first Ebola virus case reaching the USA and ongoing angst over the pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong. What’s more, October’s scary reputation as a month when the stock market tends to crash (think 1929 and 1987) also gave investors pause.
But one day does not a market make, nor does it rule out the possibility of a bounce-back rally. (In pre-market trading, stocks were virtually flat, with futures on the Dow Jones industrial average up 6 points.)
Investors can only hope that the stock market follows up its weak showing on Day 1 of October 2014 like it has the past dozen times it sank more than 1% on the first trading day of the third quarter. The S&P 500 has posted gains the next day, the next week and for the rest of October after spooky first days that drench investors in red ink, according to Bespoke Investment Group.
Bespoke’s analysis shows average gains of 0.9% the next day, with positive returns 10 of 12 times. The index was 3.1% higher a week later, and 3.8% higher by the end of the month.
How did the market fare after a 2.9% dip on the first day of October 2011? “Pretty darn good, actually,” Bespoke noted. The S&P 500 was up 8.7% a month later and 14% by the end of the month.

Futures imply modest decline at open despite claims dataWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets European Central Bank NYSE Euronext, Inc. Mario Draghi GameStop Corp.
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

How s Inflation Really Doing Ask a Cheeseburgerhow s inflation really doing ask a cheeseburger
California Becomes First State To Ban Single-Use Plastic BagsCalifornia Becomes First State To Ban Single-Use Plastic Bags
 | By                                                                By FENIT NIRAPPIL
Updated:
10/01/2014 12:59 am EDT
A woman walks with a plastic bag in Sacramento, Calif., on Wednesday, May 14, 2014. (AP Photo) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — Gov. Jerry Brown on Tuesday signed the nation's first statewide ban on single-use plastic bags at grocery and convenience stores, driven to action by pollution in streets and waterways.
A national coalition of plastic bag manufacturers immediately said it would seek a voter referendum to repeal the law, which is scheduled to take effect in July 2015.
Under SB270, plastic bags will be phased out of checkout counters at large grocery stores and supermarkets such as Wal-Mart and Target starting next summer, and convenience stores and pharmacies in 2016. The law does not apply to bags used for fruits, vegetables or meats, or to shopping bags used at other retailers. It allows grocers to charge a fee of at least 10 cents for using paper bags.
State Sen. Alex Padilla, D-Los Angeles, credits the momentum for statewide legislation to the more than 100 cities and counties, including Los Angeles and San Francisco, that already have such bans.
The law marks a major milestone for environmental activists who have successfully pushed plastic bag bans in cities across the U.S., including Chicago, Austin and Seattle. Hawaii is also on track to have a de-facto statewide ban, with all counties approving prohibitions.
"This bill is a step in the right direction — it reduces the torrent of plastic polluting our beaches, parks and even the vast ocean itself," Brown said in a signing statement. "We're the first to ban these bags, and we won't be the last."
Plastic bag manufacturers have aggressively pushed back through their trade group, the American Progressive Bag Alliance, which aired commercials in California blasting the ban as a cash-giveaway to grocers that would lead to a loss of thousands of manufacturing jobs.
"If this law were allowed to go into effect, it would jeopardize thousands of California manufacturing jobs, hurt the environment and fleece consumers for billions so grocery store shareholders and their union partners can line their pockets," Lee Califf, executive director of the manufacturer trade group, said in a statement.
Padilla, the bill's author, said Californians would reject a referendum effort and quickly adapt their behavior to help the environment.
"For those folks concerned about the 10 cent fee that may be charged for paper, the simple elegant solution is to bring a reusable bag to the store," Padilla said.
Shoppers leaving a Ralphs supermarket Tuesday in downtown San Diego were divided as they weighed the legislation's environmental benefits against its costs. San Diego does not ban plastic bags.
"With the amount of waste that we produce, we can try to help out by slightly inconveniencing ourselves," said Megan Schenfeld, 29, whose arms were full of groceries in plastic bags after leaving reusable bags at home.
Robert Troxell, a 69-year-old former newspaper editor, said the fees are more than an inconvenience for retirees living on fixed incomes like him. He shops daily because he has only a small refrigerator in his hotel for low-income seniors.
"It becomes a flat tax on senior citizens," said Troxell, who lives off social security and other government assistance. "I have not disagreed with Jerry Brown on anything — until this."
The American Forest and Paper Association, a trade group representing paper bag makers, says the bill unfairly penalizes consumers who use their commonly recycled products, while holding reusable plastic bags to a lower standard for recyclable content.
Responding to the concerns about job losses, the bill includes $2 million in loans for plastic bag manufacturers to shift their operations to make reusable bags. That provision won the support of Los Angeles Democratic Sens. Kevin De Leon and Ricardo Lara, who had blocked earlier versions of the legislation.
Lawmakers of both parties who opposed SB270 said it would penalize lower-income residents by charging them for bags they once received for free. The bill was amended to waive fees for customers who are on public assistance and limit how grocers can spend the proceeds from the fees.
Massachusetts, New Jersey, Rhode Island and Puerto Rico also have pending legislation that would ban single-use bags, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures.
___
Associated Press writer Elliot Spagat in San Diego contributed to the report.
___
Follow Fenit Nirappil at www.twitter.com/FenitN .
Also on HuffPost:

Iraqi Air Force Accidentally Delivers Supplies To ISIS Militantsreddit
Iraq's Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has said foreign ground troops are neither necessary nor wanted in his country's fight against the Islamic State group. (AP Photo/Hadi Mizban)
WASHINGTON -- Iraqi pilots mistakenly delivered food, water and ammunition to Islamic State militants on a recent mission that was meant to supply their own service members with the supplies, NBC News reported.
"Some pilots, instead of dropping these supplies over the area of the Iraqi army, threw it over the area that is controlled by ISIS fighters,” Hakim Al-Zamili, a member of the Iraqi parliament and a senior security official, told NBC. “Those soldiers were in deadly need of these supplies, but because of the wrong plans of the commanders in the Iraqi army and lack of experience of the pilots, we in a way or another helped ISIS fighters to kill our soldiers."
A brigadier-general in Iraq’s Defense Ministry also confirmed the news to NBC, attributing it to pilots who were "young and new." The incident reportedly occurred on Sept. 19.
The Pentagon declined HuffPost's request for comment, referring all questions over to the Iraqi Security Forces.
The reliability of the Iraqi military has been an issue since President Barack Obama's announcement that he planned to step up the military campaign against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.
The United States in June began stepping up support for Iraqi and Kurdish forces fighting the Islamic State in Iraq. It has been striking targeted sites in Iraq since early August and began bombing locations in Syria on Sept. 23 .
Obama has said he does not want to put U.S. forces on the ground in a combat role to fight militants and instead will rely on partners in those countries. But Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey recently said that about half of the Iraqi army is incapable of effectively working with the United States to battle the Islamic State, while the other half needs help rebuilding with additional training and equipment.
CORRECTION: This article has been edited to correct the day of the reported air drop. It was Sept. 19, not Tuesday.
More:

SEBASTIEN NOGIER / EPAsebastien nogier / epa
Bankers boasts  hubris and megadealsAll posts are published in UK time.
Contact andrew.hill@ft.com or john.gapper@ft.com about the Business blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .
ABOUT THE AUTHORS
John Gapper is an associate editor and the chief business commentator of the FT.  He has worked for the FT since 1987, covering labour relations, banking and the media. He is co-author, with Nicholas Denton, of 'All That Glitters', an account of the collapse of Barings in 1995.
Andrew Hill is an associate editor and the management editor of the FT. He is a former City editor, financial editor, comment and analysis editor, New York bureau chief, foreign news editor and correspondent in Brussels and Milan.
Emma Jacobs is a features writer for the FT, with a particular focus on Business Life. She explores workplace trends, business culture and entrepreneurship and is one of the paper's leading interviewers.
Adam Jones is editor of Business Life, home to the FT's coverage of management, entrepreneurship and working life.
Lucy Kellaway is an Associate Editor and management columnist of the FT. For the past 15 years her weekly Monday column has poked fun at management fads and jargon and celebrated the ups and downs of office life.
Ravi Mattu is the deputy editor of the FT Weekend Magazine and a former editor of Business Life. He writes about management, technology, entrepreneurship and
innovation.
Michael Skapinker is an assistant editor and editor of the FT’s special reports. A former management editor of the FT, his column on Business and Society appears every Thursday.
Latest columns by John and Andrew

The Plight of Private Residence Domestic Workersreddit
In recent times we have witnessed labor and organizers advocating for the dignity of housekeepers and in-home care workers. Home care workers assist others less capable, aging, or on a temporary basis are paid for through state and county funding. While they are not considered government workers, they are paid minimal wages for the heart and physical effort they put into caring for others. Over 180,000 workers are represented by SEIU ULTCW, a labor organization that has and continues to battle, county by county, for fair wages. In addition, Los Angeles City Council passed an ordinance increasing the minimum wage for hotel workers to $15.37 an hour; this through the tenacity and years of advocacy on behalf of UNITE HERE; the hotel worker union. This particular effort directly benefited the housekeeping staff, of which the majority are immigrant women or of immigrant decent. Yet, a faction of the housekeeping family is often left in oblivion -- the private residence domestic worker.
My mother has been a private residence domestic worker since she migrated to Los Angeles, by way of El Salvador, in 1972. She's worked for amazing families who have loved her as though she were one of their own, and also for those who have devalued, disrespected, and stripped her dignity as a person. There have been bonuses as well as wage theft, hugs as well as screams, but through those experiences the toughest has been falling from the second floor of the residence she cleaned for over 11 years.
When she advised her employer of the accident, she was dismissed with a simple "go home and rest." No medical attention, no sick days -- nothing. This is a woman who only two years prior had a triple bypass, returned to work within two months, and although promised assistance -- still worked over 12 hours a day. To add salt to wound, her employer asked if she could have the state pay for the injury. Really? A lawyer asking my mother to utilize state benefits for an injury that happened in his house? In reply and after months of discernment, we sued; Injures such as these should be covered by private homeowner insurances, insuring that the domestic worker is well compensated and health bills taken care of.  After all, domestic workers are paid salary wages, with a few exceptions.
Since the accident in 2010, my mother has battled an insurance conglomerate, which shall not be named, to have her left shoulder and bicep reconstructed. It's been an uphill battle. Long days of agony, few days of relief, nights of aches and plenty of tears suffered through the crippling effect that no one, no entity, has echoed her grief. My mother's story is not an exception -- it is the norm of what thousands of private resident domestic workers go through year after year.
Unfortunately, state and city laws view private residence domestic workers as consultants. At will employees that agree to a certain wage for certain jobs. Thus, as individual consultants these domestic workers are not classified as a working unit. They do not all work in the same house, are not paid by the government, and are left to fend for themselves. In fact, in the City of Los Angeles domestic workers pay a small business tax in order to comply with local ordinances.
As my mother's case wraps up and she recovers from her recent surgery, we keep wondering why aren't domestic workers represented? Why aren't their voices heard throughout the halls of the state capitol? Is it because the vast majorities are women? Undocumented? Unrepresented? Or is it because they have the super power of being invisible to those around them? Whatever the case may be, no domestic worker should be left by herself in times of despair. Every worker, regardless of their immigration status, should be protected by the law in so much that her well-being, her dignity as a person seeking the American dream for her family, is never at risk.
Their plight is simple: include them in minimum wage ordinances and in representation.  They are women, daughters, wives, and, most importantly to me, mothers.
Follow Ana I. Grande on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MsAnaGrande
More:

Working with a Sign Language Interpreter: The Dos and Don tsreddit
If you don't regularly work with sign language interpreters, you might not know that there are certain rules and expectations. To get the most out of having an ASL interpreter present, it's a good idea to educate yourself about what exactly an interpreter does and how they facilitate communication. 
To avoid complicating the conversation, making the interaction uncomfortable, or even offending the Deaf individual, here are some basic guidelines to follow:
1.) DO: Research how to interact with a Deaf person; with and without an interpreter.
DON'T: Come to the meeting without any knowledge about deafness or Deaf communication.
2.) DO: Provide the interpreter as much information as possible, as far in advance as possible. This helps the interpreter be prepared and alert you to any potential ethical conflicts.
DON'T: Leave out important details about the assignment.
3.) DO: Use the interpreter to engage deaf individuals in conversation. Remember --  interpreters are there to facilitate a deaf/ hearing interaction. 
  DON'T: Talk to the interpreter like the deaf person isn't there.
4.) DO: Address the deaf person directly, using singular phrases. This is the person you are having a conversation with. 
DON'T: Talk to the deaf person in the third person. The interpreter is interpreting exactly what you say. Saying "tell him/her..." just confuses the message.  
5.) DO: Ask the deaf person to explain how the interpreting process works.
DON'T: Ask the interpreter about their job .
6.) DO: Talk directly to the deaf person and make respectful eye contact. 
DON'T: Stare at the interpreter while having a conversation with a deaf person.
7.) DO: Ask the deaf person how to sign something if you are curious.
DON'T: Say obscene things to watch how the interpreter signs it.
8.) DO: Make sure your message is clear so the interpreter can communicate it.
DON'T: Speak to the deaf person like they are uneducated.
9.) DO: Be friendly to the interpreter, and utilize his/her professional services to speak with the deaf individual.
DON'T: Try to befriend the interpreter.
10.) DO: Plan for the interpreter to sit or stand near the person who will be speaking the most.
DON'T: Try to sit the interpreter next to the deaf individual, or put the interpreter behind other people. Deaf people need to actually see everything the interpreter does.
11.) DO: Speak as clearly as possible.
DON'T: Mumble, shout, or over-enunciate words thinking this will help the interpreter.
12.) DO: Ask the deaf person to explain something if you do not understand it.
DON'T: Ask the interpreter to explain what the deaf person means, cutting the deaf person out of the conversation. 
13.) DO: Use sign language if you know ASL and it is appropriate.
DON'T: Start signing the alphabet, finger spelling, or signing random words when the interpreter is right there to facilitate communication.
14.) DO: Feel confident using an interpreter for private conversations. 
DON'T: Worry that the interpreter can not be trusted. RID Certified interpreters are held to a professional code of conduct, which emphasizes ethics and client confidentiality.
15.) DO: Understand that although ASL interpreters aim to provide objective interpretations, they are Deaf culture allies and will advocate for the deaf client as needed. 
DON'T: Ask interpreters for their personal opinions, ask them not to interpret something you said, or expect the interpreter to overlook any acts they view as oppressive toward the deaf consumer. 
16.) DO: Be present and pay attention to the deaf person with whom you are communicating.
DON'T: Look at other people, at your phone, or out the window during conversation.
17.) DO: Hire a professional, competent interpreter who has the appropriate credentials and background to facilitate effective communication. Look for Deaf or sign language interpreter owned agencies that specialize in deaf communication. 
DON'T: Hire any interpreter you can find without doing any research on the agency that they work for.
18.) DO: Take an interest in Deaf culture and deafness. There is a wealth of information available on this topic -- read some of the many books or articles that are available. 
DON'T: Simply expect deaf people or sign language interpreters will take time out of their busy day to provide basic cultural education.
19.) DO: Know it may be your legal responsibility to cover the costs, as outlined by the Americans with Disabilities Act
DON'T: Expect the Deaf person to pay for the interpreter out of pocket
20.) DO: Learn what types of situations ASL interpreters are required for, and how to hire a high quality interpreter.
DON'T: Deny deaf people equal access to communication in your business, organization, or establishment. 
Follow Lydia L. Callis on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Lydia_Callis
More:

Armed man on elevator with ObamaUpdated: October 2, 2014 00:50 IST
Armed man on elevator with Obama
Reuters
heads of state
An armed private security agent was allowed on an elevator with President Barack Obama earlier this month in Atlanta, a Secret Service official said on Tuesday, in another case involving a security failure for the embattled agency.
The incident occurred while Mr. Obama was visiting the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in Atlanta on September 16, three days before a man with a knife jumped the White House fence in Washington and ran into the executive mansion.
In the Atlanta incident, a security contractor with the CDC was operating the elevator carrying Mr. Obama and his Secret Service detail.
The man began taking pictures and video of Mr. Obama on his phone, prompting the Secret Service to take him aside for questioning after they left the elevator, the agency official said.
It was not until his supervisor appeared and asked for his gun that the Secret Service realise he was armed, the official said. Under agency rules, people with access to the President need special clearance to carry guns.
The Washington Post reported that a background check also showed the man had three previous convictions for assault and battery.

Here is how much JPMorgan has done to help struggling homeownersBy Danielle Douglas-Gabriel October 1 Follow @DaniDougPost
(Photo by Andrew Burton/Getty Images)
JPMorgan Chase has dispensed nearly a quarter of the $4 billion in aid to struggling homeowners that the Justice Department ordered in the bank’s $13 billion settlement over the sale of faulty mortgage securities.
On Wednesday, the court-appointed monitor of the settlement, Joseph Smith, said JPMorgan helped 46,404 homeowners with some $7.6 billion in aid, but only $868 million of that amount will count toward its obligation because of the way relief is credited. The country’s biggest bank, for instance, receives one dollar of credit for each dollar forgiven on certain mortgages it holds for investment, but gets only 50 cents of credit for each dollar of principal forgiven on home loans held by others.
JPMorgan reported its progress through the second quarter to Smith, who said he is still auditing the numbers. Back in July, the monitor validated a test sample of 100 mortgages and reported his findings to the public.
“Assuming that my testing confirms their credited equivalent, it appears that Chase is on schedule to meet the $4 billion consumer relief obligation by the end of 2017,” Smith said in an e-mail. The bank has three more years to dole out the aid or face additional legal action from the Justice Department.
In his  latest report , Smith said the bank has provided aid to borrowers in the form of principal forgiveness and forbearance. JPMorgan reported that 3,529 homeowners have received roughly $239 million in first lien forbearance, where the bank suspends or reduces required monthly payments for a period to let the borrower catch up with payments. Another 2,633 people received $239.7 million worth of first lien principal forgiveness, whereby the bank wiped out a portion of their debt.
The bulk of the relief provided by the bank, $7.1 billion, went to low- to moderate-income and disaster area lending programs, including initiatives to help victims of hurricane Sandy. JPMorgan, however, has yet to provide any aid to anti-blight programs or to homeowners in search of mortgage rate reduction, according to the report.
While JPMorgan spokesman Jason Lobo declined to comment specifically on those aspects of the relief obligation, he said the bank is “working very hard to help as many homeowners as quickly as possible.”
It has been almost a year since the Justice Department finalized its record settlement with JPMorgan. The agreement put to rest multiple state and federal probes into the bank’s sale of mortgage securities to investors in the lead-up to the 2008 financial crisis. When the deal was struck in November 2013, it was the largest penalty ever levied against a single company. But Bank of America has since surpassed JPMorgan by agreeing in August to pay the government $17 billion over its sale of bonds made up of troubled mortgages.
Like other banks, JPMorgan and Bank of America bundled hundreds of home loans into securities and marketed them as investments that could be traded like stocks. When homeowners defaulted on their mortgages in droves, the value of the securities plummeted, and investors were saddled with huge losses. In the aftermath, state prosecutors began poring over securities agreements and found evidence that Wall Street banks were well aware of the problems with the bonds.
Investment banks are still contending with private litigation stemming from the sale of mortgage securities. Just this week, a federal judge said JPMorgan would have to face a class-action lawsuit brought by investors who are accusing the bank of misleading them about the quality of $10 billion of mortgage-backed securities they purchased.
Danielle Douglas-Gabriel covers student debt. Before that, she wrote about the banking industry.

So far so good  Amazon looks at SMEs for next spurt: Jeff BezosSo far so good, Amazon looks at SMEs for next spurt: Jeff Bezos
Anirban Ghoshal | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 02 2014, 08:02  IST
Oct 02 2014, 08:02  IST
 

Third Circuit gives narrow reading to exclusionary ruleBy Orin Kerr October 2
I’ve blogged a few times about the Third Circuit’s litigation in United States v. Katzin, a case on the Fourth Amendment implications of installing a GPS device. Initially, a panel of the court held that installing a GPS device on a car requires a warrant and that the exclusionary rule applied because there was no binding precedent allowing the government to install the device. Next, DOJ moved for en banc rehearing of just the exclusionary rule holding, which the Third Circuit granted . That brings us to the new development: On Wednesday, the en banc Third Circuit ruled that the exclusionary rule does not apply .
Here are three thoughts on the new case.
1) The Third Circuit focuses on the overall culpability of the officer who conducted the search, relying on the broad reading of Davis and Herring. The key passage seems to be this:
The constellation of circumstances that appeared to authorize their conduct included well settled principles of Fourth Amendment law as articulated by the Supreme Court, a near-unanimity of circuit courts applying these principles to the same conduct, and the advice of an AUSA pursuant to a DOJ-wide policy. Given this panoply of authority, we cannot say that a “reasonably well trained officer would have known that the search was illegal,” id., nor that the agents acted with “deliberate, reckless, or grossly negligent disregard for [Appellees’] Fourth Amendment rights,” Davis, 131 S. Ct. at 2427 (quoting Herring, 555 U.S. at 144) (internal quotation marks omitted). Thus, suppression is inappropriate because it would not result in deterrence appreciable enough to outweigh the significant social costs of suppressing reliable, probative evidence, upon which the Government’s entire case against Appellees turns.
I’ve been assuming that the debate over the broad vs. narrow reading of Davis was destined to be decided by the Supreme Court eventually. With that said, it’s interesting that all the circuits so far are reading the case so broadly so that no clear split has yet emerged. [But see update below] I personally find the broad reading of Davis to be very problematic , but I would guess that there are five votes on the current Court that would agree with that broad reading.
2) In this case, defense counsel conceded the relevance of the agent consulting with a prosecutor about the legality of the practice as part of the exclusionary rule calculus. See Slip Op at 34, n.13. There’s some precedential support for that, I recognize. At the same time, it strikes me as a really problematic rule. Think of the incentives it creates. First, agents have an incentive to ask the most aggressive prosecutor they know. Agents won’t ask for legal advice from Cautious Cathy; instead they’ll run it by Aggressive Andy. Second, the rule gives prosecutors an incentive to give out aggressive advice. If you’re a prosecutor and agents ask for your legal advice, you will know that by approving a questionable practice, the mere fact of your approval becomes an argument against the exclusionary rule applying if you turn out to be wrong. The exclusionary rule becomes narrower as the prosecutors become more aggressive.
3) Notably, the court vacated the merits ruling that a warrant was required even though DOJ did not ask the court to revisit that issue.
UPDATE: Andrew Pincus points out his recently-filed reply brief in Aguiar v. United States alleging a split with state high-court cases. So perhaps the Court will step in soon after all.
Orin Kerr is the Fred C. Stevenson Research Professor at The George Washington University Law School, where he has taught since 2001. He teaches and writes in the area of criminal procedure and computer crime law.

History on our plate: how India started enjoying foodComments
Who knows what the food scene in India was like 90 years ago? We have some accounts of the eating habits of the Raj. We know that the British, proud possessors of one of the worst cuisines in the world, tried very hard to eat in India just as they ate at home. Department stores sold English-style food out of tin cans and bottles. So, the Raj housewife had access to sardines, kippers, luncheon meat and various other foods that reminded the colonialists of the dire cuisine they had left behind. Only the English could be so nostalgic for something so nasty!
But we also know that for every English housewife who refused to mix with the natives and dreamt of steak and kidney pudding, there were adventurous Brits who experimented with Indian food. Its complexities were beyond their comprehension. So the delicate masalas of Indian cooking were compressed into curry powder that was crammed into tins. And when the Brits wanted to feel particularly virile, they chose a curry powder with more chillies and called it Madras curry powder.
Nearly a century later, it is amusing to note that India had a far greater influence on the British palate than the Brits had on our eating habits. The English still regard the ability to swallow a very hot curry as a test of their virility - a view that Indians find entirely risible. And every high street in Britain boasts of a few curry houses, usually run by Bangladeshis, serving food that no self-respecting Indian would dream of eating. Over a decade ago, the then British foreign secretary, Robin Cook, even claimed that chicken tikka masala - a curry house variation of butter chicken - was the national dish of Britain.
But, while we have extensive accounts of how the Raj ate, we know very little about the food of the majority of Indians. The little information that we have access to by way of records suggests that rich families used traditional cooks (or maharajs) to make elaborate meals for 20 to 30 family members at a time. The middle class was tiny but all the evidence suggests that except for the Parsis, the rest of us ate Indian food at home. And as for the poor, well they ate whatever they could get.
There are, however, some interesting sidelights. We can be certain that Indians ate much less meat a century ago than we do today. It sounds politically incorrect to admit this but there was a communal divide. Muslims ate lots of meat (and lots of eggs, oddly enough) while Hindus were largely vegetarian. Even communities that we regard as being non-vegetarian, ate very little meat. In Punjabi Hindu households, meat was cooked twice or thrice a week. And even when there was a meat curry on the table, it was supplemented by two vegetables and a dal. In Bengal, they ate more fish. But otherwise, Hindus were essentially vegetarian - the roots of the Pakistani caricature of Hindus as 'grass-eaters'.
There were few restaurants. The Raj preferred its clubs and, ideally, it liked clubs such as the Royal Bombay Yacht Club and the various gymkhanas to which Indians were denied entry. A couple of decades after the Hindustan Times was founded, Lord Willingdon, the Viceroy, decided that it was time for the rulers to meet a couple of these native chaps. And so the Willingdon Club in Bombay, which allowed white people to mingle with Indians, was founded. At the time, nobody thought this was at all odd. Even the upper middle classes regarded this arrangement as being entirely understandable. The few people who were offended, however, responded in a manner that the British would come to regret. The colour bar in Allahabad contributed to Jawaharlal Nehru's disenchantment with the Raj. And in Bombay, Jamsetji Tata was so angered by the refusal of the Yacht Club to let him in that he founded the Taj Mahal Hotel, a stone's throw away, vowing that the splendour of that hotel would overshadow the Yacht Club. (He was right. How many people even know where the Yacht  Club is?)
It is a strange thing to imagine but the reality is that not only was there no restaurant culture in India, there probably would never have been one for several decades more, had it not been for one of Raj's more controversial decisions: the inexcusable hurry to partition India and Pakistan in a manner that left millions homeless and thousands dead.
By 1948, Delhi was full of Punjabi refugees from West Pakistan. Most had lost everything. Determined to make a new life for themselves, some of the refugees took to the food business. Kundan Lal Gujral opened Moti Mahal in Daryaganj, popularised tandoori chicken, and invented butter chicken. Other refugees set up small food stalls in such areas as Pandara Road, where they had been resettled. The more prosperous ones opened such restaurants as Kwality and Gaylord. The hard work and initiative of these refugees created India's first restaurant revolution. Soon, tandoori chicken was the most famous Indian dish in the world and there was a Kwality in every Indian city.
This is roughly how things would have remained were it not for two or three events. The first was the mass migration of Calcutta's Chinese community to other Indian cities. The Chinese, many of them Hakka, knew that Indians had no palate for their cuisine. So, they served a menu of Cantonese-based dishes heavily influenced by the menus of American Chinese restaurants. (Sometimes, the names said it all. Why should a Chinese restaurant serve American chop suey?) In 1974-75, when Sichaun cuisine arrived in India, the Chinese decided to add chillies to their food, created such bastardised dishes as Chicken Manchurian and laid the foundations for the cuisine we know today as Sino-Ludhianvi.
The second major event was the steady migration of south Indians to the city of Bombay in search of jobs. Many of these men came without their families and longed for a taste of the vegetarian flavours of their home states. Their needs were met by a new breed of restaurants run by entrepreneurs from Karnataka and called Udupi restaurants after the region that many of the restaurateurs came from. The Udupi places began by serving large meals with a heap of rice at their centre ('Rice plate is ready', the signs outside the restaurants would read) but soon discovered that they could reach a non-south Indian audience if they specialised in snacks: dosas, vadas, and idlis. By the late 1970s, such places had spread to every corner of India. (One way of judging the relative novelty of the dosa's rise to national popularity is to ask Pakistanis if they know what a masala dosa is. The chances are that they will have no idea. The dish was unknown outside of the south at the time of Partition.)
The third major event was the growth of international hotels from the mid-1970s onwards. Because these hotels, often with foreign management or partners, aspired to international standards, they tried to serve cuisines that were world class. They didn't always succeed. But many Indians had their first taste of French, Italian or Thai food in the restaurants of these hotels.
And what about today? Well, it is probably fair to say that the Indian food scene has broken with the past. Even the clubs that were once so proud of serving the disgusting menus of Raj food are now struggling to open Chinese restaurants. Nobody cares about the British or their cuisine, such as it was. Even the Punjabi restaurants of old now seem past their sell-by date. Indians are more adventurous and less willing to be fobbed off with a chicken tikka or a keema mutter.
India's current food scene dates its origins not to the Raj or to Partition but to the globalisation and liberalisation that began in 1991. From that point on, more Indians began travelling abroad (it is worth noting that we send more tourists to other countries than the number of foreign tourists we welcome to our shores) and trying exotic cuisines. When they came back, they refused to eat a Punjabi rehash of the real thing. Moreover, a liberalised regime made it easier for foreign chains to set up shop here and serve the fast foods that they sold all over the world. Domino's, Pizza Hut, McDonald's, KFC, and Dunkin' Donuts have all arrived in the post-liberalisation era and contributed to the change in the way we eat.
But there have been other influences as well. Satellite television is a key determinant of what people regard as trendy and sophisticated food. So is the internet. An enthusiastic amateur cook who follows recipes on YouTube or takes notes during MasterChef or Top Chef is probably better informed than the average graduate of a catering college, who is at the mercy of old-fashioned teachers and ancient textbooks.
Today, India's food scene is not very different from, say, Singapore's or Bangkok's. Yes, we have problems of our own: real estate is hard to come by, licensing authorities are crooks, and excise officials are often corrupt. Even so, the innate entrepreneurship of the Indian restaurateur has allowed our food scene to rise above these restrictions and handicaps. Plus, there is a demographic dividend. Young people today are free of the preconceptions and prejudices of their parents. They will order sushi to go even as their mothers profess astonishment at the thought of eating raw fish.
So, what of the future? Well, the road ahead is clear. Experience has shown us that India will follow the same path as the rest of the world. As of now, we may be on a par with Asian capitals but in the decades ahead, there is no reason why we cannot follow the example of London, San Francisco or New York. Unlike most Asian cities, we have the advantage of a vast young middle class whose numbers are growing. These are people with disposable incomes who are hungry for world-class experiences.
Speaking for myself, I am particularly grateful for one significant break with the past. We went from Raj-type food to Punjabi restaurant food in the decades after Independence. But now, a true pan-Indian cuisine is developing. Fifteen years ago, if you went looking for a good kosha mangsho in Mumbai, you would be disappointed. Hardly anybody in Delhi knew what an appam was. And in Madras, they had no clue how to approach a dhokla or a khandvi.
All that has changed. We may be more familiar with tacos or sushi than we were a decade ago. But the best thing is that Indians are discovering our own cuisines. We are no longer at the mercy of restaurateurs and their standard menus. We may be much more international in our tastes. But we are also much more Indian. And thank God for that!
(Vir Sanghvi is editorial adviser, Hindustan Times)

Be ready to pay more for taktal tickets as Railways set to introduce dynamic pricingBe ready to pay more for taktal tickets as Railways set to introduce dynamic pricing
Express news service | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 02 2014, 15:27  IST
Oct 02 2014, 15:27  IST
 

PRECIOUS-Gold steadies as dollar  equities slide  but outlook still bleakPRECIOUS-Gold steadies as dollar  equities slide  but outlook still bleak
Russia debt freeze is lesson for Hong KongRussia debt freeze is lesson for Hong Kong
By Ralph Atkins in London
Markets do react to political risk, despite apparent indifference
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/579a5fd6-496c-11e4-9d7e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A battle between batting giantsMore
Kings XI, Super Kings resume batting rivalry
Two batting line-ups with impressive firepower take aim at each other in the Champions League semi-final, but Kings XI lead Super Kings 3-0 in 2014.
By The Preview by Alagappan Muthu | ESPNcricinfo –  Wed 1 Oct, 2014 5:30 AM IST
0
Big picture
Time for the big bats to talk. (BCCI)Chennai Super Kings were the original run-mongers of the IPL. The depth of their line-up and the quality of their finishers bolstered a strategy of keeping wickets in hand and going berserk at the death. Kings XI Punjab have seen that and raised them with an even simpler method - pack your best hitters into the top order and let them wreak havoc. That is how they coasted into the knockout stages of the IPL, and that is why they are unbeaten in the Champions League. And that is how they have beaten Super Kings in three our of three meetings in 2014.
Super Kings also caught on to front-loading. Brendon McCullum , Dwayne Smith and Suresh Raina make an explosive top-three in T20s. They had begun the IPL by posting their best powerplay score in seven seasons, only to watch Glenn Maxwell pummel a 200-plus total to pulp. In the Eliminator, a Virender Sehwag century knocked the breath out of Super Kings' bowling, but a brutal counter from Suresh Raina kept the chase well under control. The back-and-forth resumes with Kings XI making the knockouts of a tournament for the third time, while Super Kings have three titles to their name.
Both teams relocate to Hyderabad from a place of comfort. Kings XI Punjab leave Mohali, where they have won 13 out of 18 games chasing. Super Kings have played all their CLT20 games in Bangalore, where they tonked 242 for 6 against Dolphins, the joint-highest score in the tournament.
Neither side is as capable on the bowling front. Dwayne Bravo 's versatility has been handy in the death for Super Kings. But the other seamers haven't been as reliable. Anureet Singh has been impressive in his first tournament for Kings XI, and Akshar Patel's darts have kept batsmen quiet. However, both teams seemingly function on curtailing runs rather than getting wickets.
>
Kings XI Punjab WWWWL (completed matches only, most recent first)
Chennai Super Kings WWLLW
>
Watch out for
46 off 34, unbeaten. 40 off 18, unbeaten. Kings XI's batting line-up is often never-ending and in David Miller, they have a player capable of drilling that into the opposition and deflating them. He tends to be relatively subdued when starting against spin, but has displayed signs of wanting to work past that period with singles.
Super Kings and death bowling has often been a rocky relationship and Dwayne Bravo has been tasked with counseling duties. He has bowled seven of his ten overs in the last five and can flash a shiny economy rate of 7.20 in the CLT20. With his medley of slower balls and his utility with the bat, Bravo has been a highly bankable resource for Dhoni.
>
Stats and trivia
 
Super Kings and Kings XI have the two highest totals in the CLT20. They are responsible for the top five totals in the IPL as well
 
 
Akshar Patel is the most economical bowler from either side. He has given away 5.81 runs per over from four matches
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

FDI in telecom jumps manifold to $2.33 bn in AprJulyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

6 civilians injured in Pakistan shelling along LoCUpdated: October 4, 2014 02:02 IST
Girl killed in Pak. firing in Poonch
PTI
Pakistani troops on Wednesday violated ceasefire after over a month-long lull, and resorted to heavy firing and mortar shelling along the Line of Control. File photo
TOPICS
armed conflict
Civilian population living in the border hamlets of Gigriyal and Uripura along the LoC were targeted during the firing, police said.
A teenage girl was killed and four others were injured as Pakistani troops targeted villages and Indian forward posts along the Line of Control in Poonch district of Jammu and Kashmir on Friday, violating the ceasefire for the third consecutive day.
Pakistani troops resorted to mortar and small arms fire on several villages and forward posts in the Sabjian belt, the police said.
Indian troops retaliated in equal measure triggering an exchange of fire, they said.
Zahira Akhtar, 17, was killed and the four were injured at Gigriyal, they said adding that the wounded have been admitted to hospital.
A defence spokesman said that earlier, Pakistani troops fired at Indian posts with mortar guns and automatic weapons in Sabjian.

Car groups plot path to profitable growthGM and Ford face challenge to plot course to profitable growth
By Robert Wright in Milford
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/071806b8-49a2-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ECB leaves rates on holdECB to start asset purchases this month in bid to revive lending
By Claire Jones in Naples and Ferdinando Giugliano in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/71657e32-4a20-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alleged head of Mexico drug cartel seizedScandal amid success in Mexico drugs war
By Jude Webber in Mexico City
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2658d130-4a1d-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Total lunar eclipse on Oct 8Total lunar eclipse on Oct 8
PTI
Tweet
Indore, Oct 2:  
The earth will completely cover the moon during a total lunar eclipse which will occur on October 8.
"The total lunar eclipse will begin at 02:44:05 afternoon and end at 06:04:07 in the evening on October 8," Ujjain's Jiwaji Observatory Superintendent Dr Rajendra Prakash Gupt said today.
"This celestial activity involving the trio of sun, earth and moon will last for nearly 3 hours and 20 minutes," he said.
"During the period, the moon will be completely shadowed by earth for nearly 23 minutes when the eclipse will reach at its peak," he said.
The celestial activity is likely to be visible the best in North-East's Dibrugarh, Imphal and Kohima towns where moon rises earlier than other parts of the country, Gupt said.
This will be the second and last lunar eclipse of this year. The first one occurred on April 15, he said.
Total lunar eclipse occurs when earth comes in between the sun and moon and completely shadows the latter.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

India beat Pakistan  win Asiad hockey goldIndia beat Pakistan, win Asiad hockey gold
IANS | Incheon Oct 02, 2014 05:14 PM IST
The Indian hockey team beat Pakistan 4-2 in the penalty shootout to clinch the Asian Games gold at the Seonhak Hockey Stadium here Thursday.
After regulation time, the scoreline read 1-1.

ECB President Mario Draghis press conferenceRemember me on this computer
Sign in

Only a weak euro can save the ECB now‘How Adam Smith Can Change Your Life’, by Russ Roberts
What we’re writing about
Afghanistan Barack Obama China Chinese economy climate change ebola ECB EU Euro European Central Bank eurozone eurozone crisis G20 Germany India inflation investment Iraq Isis Mario Draghi markets Media monetary policy Pakistan Russia Scotland Syria Uighurs UK Ukraine US US Congress US economy US Federal Reserve US midterm elections 2014 US politics world health organisation
Categories

Sena helped BJP to rise in Maharashtra  can cause its downfall too: UddhavThackerayUddhav Thackeray alleged that the BJP broke the partnership to play 'separate Vidarbha' card to garner votes.
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 2, 2014 5:58 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 6:23 pm
Intensifying his attack against former ally BJP for ending the 25-year-old alliance over seat-sharing issue, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on Thursday alleged that the BJP broke the partnership to play ‘separate Vidarbha’ card to garner votes in the Assembly elections.
“You (the BJP) broke alliance with the Shiv Sena because you knew you will never be able to divide Maharashtra as long as we were there. But keep one thing in mind. We will never allow Chhatrapati Shivaji’s Maharashtra to fall prey to your tactics. Maharashtra was, and will stay one,” Uddhav said while addressing a rally at Phaltan in Satara district.
There have been demands from various quarters for a separate state of Vidarbha.
If the Sena can stand firmly behind a political party leading to its rise in Maharashtra, it is also well poised to be the cause of downfall of the same party, he said.
“BJP has betrayed the blessings given to it by my father (Bal Thackeray). People are watching everything and they know the truth. If we could stand behind you when you were a non-entity in the state to make you an important political player, we can certainly be the cause of your downfall as well,” the Sena chief said.
Even if the BJP decides to send all its Central ministers to campaign for the October 15 state polls, they will be not be able to curb the Sena’s rise, he said.
“The BJP is using its entire might against us. They will be sending all the Central ministers to Maharashtra to campaign and ensure the Sena is defeated. We have nothing except the blessings of people. And we will show them what wonders can blessings do,” the 54-year-old Sena leader said.
Taking a dig at former state Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan, Thackeray said the Congress leader started signing on files at the end of his term to show his capability.
“Prithviraj Chavan sat on files and did not take important decisions concerning Maharashtra when he was the Chief Minister. But at the end of his term, he started signing on files to show us that yes, he is capable of signing,” he said.
BJP broke the partnership to play 'separate Vidarbha' card to garner votes in the Assembly elections

Govt must make Swachh Bharat a tangible  real concept:CongressPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi takes part in 'Swachh Bharat Mission' after its launch in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 5:58 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 6:04 pm
Congress on Thursday said that the ‘Swachh Bharat Mission’ c ould be reduced to a mere photo opportunity if it is not implemented as a “serious, tangible and real” concept.
“Swachh Bharat is a concept, which is unexceptionable. How can you oppose something, which is axiomatically virtuous? But what matters is the implementation. Swachh Bharat is not going to happen because we do photo opportunities, not going to happen because once a year, ministers pick up brooms while a whole mela watches,” party spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said.
Reminding that Mahatma Gandhi used to clean his toilet himself and that too not just once a year, Singhvi said unless the Government makes it “serious, tangible and real” and makes it a “24×7 concept” by providing sewerage, sanitation, “it will remain a photo opportunity and a lot of hullabaloo and a very little substance”.
Former union minister Rajiv Shukla also requested Prime Minister Narendra Modi to ensure that the drive is a continuous process.
“It’s not that it should be there only for one, two or three days. Apprehensions are that it may become symbolic,” he said, adding that Mahatma Gandhi should be accepted in totality and not in piecemeal.
“Not that we accept certain aspects of Gandhi and defy others…,” he said.
Shukla said the concept of sanitation and cleanliness is basically a programme given by the Father of the Nation, which the Congress has always been doing.
“The government and the Prime Minister himself accepted that Congress Seva Dal has always been doing this,” Shukla said.
Unless the govt makes it serious, tangible and real and makes it a 24x7 concept, it will remain a photo opportunity, said Congress.

Signs of Janata Parivar taking shapeNEW DELHI, October 2, 2014
Updated: October 2, 2014 02:49 IST
Signs of Janata Parivar taking shape
Smita Gupta
Sharad Yadav with Nitish Kumar
TOPICS
political parties
JD(U) leaders K.C. Tyagi, Nitish Kumar and Sharad Yadav will campaign for Om Prakash Chautala’s INLD in the Haryana Assembly polls
Though not a Third Front yet, there are signs that the Janata Parivar — and some of its old friends — shaken out of its lethargy by this year’s general election results, is tentatively working towards creating an anti-BJP platform.
Janata Dal (U) spokesperson K.C. Tyagi said senior party leaders Nitish Kumar and Sharad Yadav will campaign for Om Prakash Chautala’s Indian National Lok Dal in the Haryana Assembly polls on October 15.
Simultaneously, Punjab Chief Minister Prakash Singh Badal, who is the head of the Shiromani Akali Dal and a NDA member, has come to an electoral arrangement with the INLD and will contest the Kalianwali and Ambala City seats. The BJP’s recent dumping of the Shiv Sena has evidently not gone unnoticed in the NDA.
The success in August of the JD(U)-Rashtriya Janata Dal combine (along with the Congress) in the Bihar by-polls has set the stage for this opposition revival. In the Uttar Pradesh by-polls in September, the Samajwadi Party snatched eight of the 10 seats held by the BJP. If the Bahujan Samaj Party’s absence in the elections played a key role in the SP’s triumph, the JD-U, RJD and Ajit Singh’s Rashtriya Lok Dal — with much smaller vote bases — also deliberately stayed out to help the SP.
The memory of two stalwarts of the Janata Dal-Lok Dal tradition, former Prime Minister Charan Singh and ex-Deputy Prime Minister Devi Lal — both Jats — is coming in handy for the revival of the opposition. On September 25, JD-U leaders Mr Kumar and Mr Yadav, SP leader Mulayam Singh's brother, Shivpal Yadav, former Prime Minister and JD(S) boss H.D. Deve Gowda and Mr Badal shared a stage in Haryana’s Jind with Mr Chautala to celebrate the 100th birth anniversary of Devi Lal.
These leaders have accepted an invitation from RLD chief Ajit Singh to attend a rally in Meerut on October 12 to demand Charan Singh’s residence in Lutyens’ Delhi be turned into a memorial.
RLD sources said Odisha Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik and National Conference leader Farooq Abdullah, too, have been invited to Meerut. Mr. Patnaik’s father, the late Biju Patnaik, and Mr. Abdullah were both veterans of Third Front politics.
If the INLD performs well in Haryana, it could provide the momentum for a re-union of the erstwhile members of the Janata Parivar. It could then make an impact in Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Haryana and Karnataka. If the Biju Janata Dal joins hands, it could become a political formation that runs governments in three States, influencing nearly 180 Lok Sabha seats. In the past, the socialists have formed the core of governments at the Centre in 1977, 1989 and 1996.

Applications for US Jobless Benefits Drop to 287KAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Subprime Auto Loans Help Fuel Auto Sales BoomSubprime Auto Loans Help Fuel Auto Sales Boom
 
Morning Money Memo…
Auto sales are booming with a strong pick-up in demand for light trucks and SUVs.
“September was another strong month,” said Karl Brauer, senior analyst at Kelley Blue Book. “The market continues to embrace trucks and SUVs at every price point, with premium brands also benefitting from a combination of fresh product and readily-available credit.”
Financing is cheap and much more widely available than right after the 2008 financial crisis, “with a significant extension of subprime lending,” said Mark Strand at AutoTrader.com. “These tailwinds have created an environment in which all the pent up demand we have talked about can be released.”
Liars, Beware
Government prosecutors are looking into liar loans, where borrowers’ incomes are inflated to enable them to qualify for high interest auto loans.
“Federal and state authorities, a group that includes prosecutors in New York, Alabama and Texas, are zeroing in on the most powerful, and arguably the least regulated, rung of the subprime auto loan chain, used-car dealerships, according to people briefed on the investigations,” reported The New York Times. “Already, they have found hundreds of fraudulent loans that together total millions of dollars.”
Money Flows Out After ‘Bond King’ Leaves
Record amounts of cash followed “bond king” Bill Gross out the door. Investors pulled $23.5 billion from Pimco’s flagship, Total Return bond fund, after he abruptly left the company last month. The fund lost more than 10 percent of its asserts after Gross departed for rival Janus Capital. The fund also lost money before Gross quit, and Pimco has been trying to calm investors.
“The fund is well positioned to meet potential redemptions, and short-term cash management is an area of expertise and strength at Pimco,” the company said in a statement.
Some of the money that flowed out of Pimco went to rivals Vanguard, Janus and DoubleLine funds. The big movements are example of the hazards of hiring and keeping star fund managers who have a big following.
Pensions: Just Like Other Debts?
A federal judge has struck a blow against the sanctity of public pensions in California by ruling that U.S. bankruptcy law permits the city of Stockton, California, to treat pension fund obligations like other debts, allowing the city to cut benefits.
Stockton argued that it must make its pension contributions for public employees before its creditors are paid the entire amount they are owned.
The case was being closely watched because it could help clarify who gets paid first by financially strapped cities.
Detroit Bankruptcy
Emergency manager Kevyn Orr is due back on the witness stand in Detroit’s multibillion-dollar bankruptcy trial. Testimony is scheduled to resume this morning before federal Judge Steven Rhodes.
A lawyer for the city questioned Orr on Wednesday on the physical condition of the city and its finances when he was hired by the state last year.
Orr has described Detroit as a cash-strapped city with blighted neighborhoods, service delivery problems, old equipment and tons of debt.
Facebook Apologizes
Facebook is apologizing to the LGBT community for a recent crackdown that resulted in the suspension of a number of profiles.
Facebook’s VP of product made a statement on the site, saying a single user flagged a number of pages for using fake names. Facebook then suspended the accounts without realizing why they were using fake names.
Facebook apologized to the “affected community of drag queens, drag kings, transgender, and extensive community of our friends, neighbors, and members of the LGBT community.”
Members of the Facebook team met with members of the LGBT community Wednesday and promised “more deliberate customer service” in the future.
 

Railways to hike tatkal booking rates from O...Railways links 50% of tatkal tickets with dynamic pricing system, fares to go up
PTI Oct 2, 2014, 08.05PM IST
Tags:
dynamic fare system
(The rates of the tatkal tickets…)
NEW DELHI: Half of the tatkal tickets on 80 trains have become costlier with the Railways deciding to partially implement the dynamic fare system under which charges will depend on demand.
The decision, clearly aimed at mopping up more revenues by the cash-strapped Railways, comes in the midst of festival season when there is a big rush of train travellers.
"It has been decided that 50 per cent of the existing tatkal quota ticket shall be sold under dynamic fare scheme," said a senior Railway Ministry official today.
As per the scheme, 50 per cent of tatkal quota tickets would be sold under the existing system and the subsequent 50 per cent under 'premium tatkal' quota of dynamic pricing.
It will mean more the demand, more the cost. The 'Premium Tatkal Ticket' scheme will be applicable to 80 trains from October one and like Premium train, the scheme will be available online only.
Railway Board Member (Traffic) D P Pandey said, "The Premium Tatkal ticket scheme has been launched for 80 popular trains. All zones have been asked to identify five popular trains in their respective zone.
"We will see the response and then we will decide on extending the scheme to other trains."
He emphasised that only 50 per cent of the tatkal tickets will be sold under the dynamic fare system while the rest will be sold on regular tatkal fare basis.
There is tremendous rush for tickets during the festive season as passengers prefer to travel to their home towns for celebrating Dusshera and Diwali.
However, Railways has described the scheme as a preventive measure to deal with the menace of touts.
"There were reports of genuine passengers being fleeced by touts. This will help facilitating needy passengers to get tickets," the official said.
The scheme, applicable on selected trains, will increase the prices of tatkal tickets and as an end result the train fare.
Northern Railway has identified five trains including Saptakranti Express, two Mumbai Rajdhani trains and Vaishali Express to implement Premium Tatkal scheme.
Some trains which have been identified for implementation of the scheme are Hyderabad-New Delhi Andhra Pradesh Express, Hyderabad-Hazrat Nizamuddin Dakshin Express, Secunderabad-Howrah Falaknuma Express, Kacheguda-Bangalore Express and Secunderabad-Patna Express.
The tatkal scheme currently covers around 2677 trains. According to Railway figures, around 1.71 lakh seats, of the 11.57 lakh available, are up for booking under the tatkal scheme.
It is also a prominent source of income for the Railways, raking in about Rs 1000 cr last year.
"The scheme has been launched to deal with the problem of touts. There were reports of genuine passengers being fleeced by touts. This will help facilitating needy passengers to get tickets," a senior Railway Ministry official said.
The scheme, applicable on selected train, will increase the prices of tatkal tickets and as an end result the train fare. Railways is also running 50 premium trains on dynamic fare system, like flights.
It had increased tatkal charges last year in April by ten per cent of the basic fare for reserved second class sitting and 30 per cent of basic fare for all other classes.
NDA government has increased train fares of all classes by 14.2 per cent on June 25.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Buffett Praises Changes to Coca-Cola Pay PlanAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Crumbling Infrastructure and Traffic are Costing Every LA Driver $2 500 A YearNow, this is a road to nowhere.
Photo by Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images
This article originally appeared in Business Insider .
Crumbling infrastructure alert!
Advertisement
A new report from TRIP, a Washington, D.C., transportation research group, finds that Los Angeles motorists are each spending an extra $2,458 per year due to poor roads and bridges.
And that's just the City of Angels.
"Roads and bridges that are deficient, congested or lack desirable safety features cost California motorists a total of $44 billion statewide annually," the report concludes.
The report's authors are unflinching in their recommendations:
With a current unemployment rate of 7.4 percent and with the state’s population continuing to grow, California must improve its system of roads, highways and bridges to foster economic growth and keep businesses in the state. In addition to economic growth, transportation improvements are needed to ensure safe, reliable mobility and quality of life for all Californians. Meeting California’s need to modernize and maintain its system of roads, highways and bridges will require a significant boost in local, state and federal funding.
The situation with California's roads is especially grim. TRIP breaks it down:
Thirty-four percent of California’s major roads and highways have pavements in poor condition, while an additional 41 percent of the state’s major roads are rated in mediocre or fair condition and the remaining 25 percent are rated in in good condition.
Roads rated in poor condition may show signs of deterioration, including rutting, cracks and potholes. In some cases, poor roads can be resurfaced, but often are too deteriorated and must be reconstructed.
Driving on rough roads costs all California motorists a total of $17 billion annually in extra [vehicle operating costs]. Costs include accelerated vehicle depreciation, additional repair costs, and increased fuel consumption and tire wear.
In addition to flat tires from potholes, poor road conditions are also costing motorists in the Golden State time. 
Los Angeles and San Francisco-area residents are no strangers to traffic, but they probably won't be happy to learn that drivers in and around both cities are losing 61 hours a year to congestion. That's more than two days.
California is carland, but I can identify with whatever astonishment the people who live and drive in the state are experiencing, given TRIP's findings. I lived there for a decade and saw firsthand a lot of the decay, and suffered through the traffic delays on a regular basis. 
In a state whose economy is bigger than most countries, this is a major challenge.

Pak says Kashmir a  legal issue ; demands pl...Pakistan says Kashmir a 'legal issue'; demands plebiscite
PTI Oct 2, 2014, 06.54PM IST
Tags:
Foreign Office
(India had rejected Sharif's…)
ISLAMABAD: Needling India, Pakistan today asserted that Kashmir is a "legal issue" and must be resolved through plebiscite as per the aspirations of the Kashmiri people.
At the weekly briefing here, Foreign Office spokesperson Tasnim Aslam also made it clear that Indo-Pak talks were not a substitute to the UN resolutions on Kashmir which envisage plebiscite in the region.
"Kashmir is a legal issue also and its legal position demands that the dispute must be resolved as per the aspirations of Kashmiri people through plebiscite," she said.
Aslam said that Simla Agreement between the two countries does not make UN resolutions ineffective.
Her remarks come within days of Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif raking up the Kashmir issue at the UN General Assembly where he said the UN had passed resolutions to hold a plebiscite in Jammu and Kashmir more than six decades ago.
"The people of Jammu and Kashmir are still waiting for the fulfillment of that promise," Sharif said.
India had strongly rejected the "untenable comments" made by Sharif, asserting that the people of the state have peacefully chosen their destiny in accordance with universally accepted democratic principles.
Speaking at UNGA, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had offered to engage in a serious bilateral dialogue "without the shadow of terrorism" while asking Pakistan to create an "appropriate environment" for that.
At today's briefing, Aslam also claimed that India never responded positively on Pakistan's proposals to resolve the Siachen issue and for declaring Siachen a Peace Park including demilitarization of the territory.
The Foreign Office spokesperson termed that Indian policy towards resolution of Siachen as "inflexible".
Former President Pervez Musharraf had claimed that Pakistan and India were close to clinching a deal on Siachen during his tenure.
Aslam said India and Pakistan would have to resume talks for the sake of sustainable peace in the region.
India had called off Foreign Secretary-level talks in August after Pakistan's High Commissioner in New Delhi Abdul Basit had met Kashmiri separatist leaders ahead of the meeting, ignoring India's warning that the move could derail the parleys.
Aslam saw nothing wrong in Basit's meeting with Hurriyat leaders, saying Pakistan regularly consults with them.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mutual Funds Take a Summer BreakAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Burger King Cracks Down On Pro-Union Workers For  Poor Pickle PlacementPro-Union Burger King Worker Disciplined For Poor Pickle Placement
Posted:
Updated:
10/02/2014  1:59 pm EDT
An employee places a pickle in a whopper burger at a Burger King restaurant in Basildon, U.K., on Wednesday, Sept. 8, 2010. Burger King Holdings Inc. agreed to be acquired by 3G Capital, a New York investment firm backed by Brazilian investors, for $3.3 billion in the biggest restaurant acquisition in at least a decade. Photographer: Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg via Getty Images | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
In colorful fashion, a judge with the National Labor Relations Board ruled Monday that a major Burger King franchisee in Michigan had committed various forms of union-busting in the face of worker strikes and organizing.
According to the decision , EYM King, which runs 22 Burger King restaurants in and around Detroit, broke labor law by threatening a worker for discussing protests while on the job; giving a disciplinary warning to a union sympathizer; and enforcing a "no solicitation" rule on its own employees.
Most absurdly, the company was found to have illegally sent a pro-union worker home one day for allegedly failing to "put pickles on her sandwiches in perfect squares as she was supposed to do," according to the decision by Arthur J. Amchan, an administrative law judge.
Union-backed fast-food strikes have rolled from city to city over the past two years, revealing a level of worker militancy that many corporations and franchisees would have previously thought unimaginable. EYM King, it appears, couldn't figure out how to address this new threat without stepping afoul of labor laws. The labor board's general counsel, which acts as a kind of prosecutor, filed a complaint against the company in May.
At its store on West 8 Mile Road in Ferndale, Michigan, the company employed two part-time workers, Claudette Wilson and Romell Frazier, who'd taken part in fast-food strikes in the past. Wilson and Frazier also worked part-time as paid organizers for D15, a worker group that's part of the Fast Food Forward network, which is funded by the Service Employees International Union.
"Frazier regularly talked about the Union and strikes at work," Amchan wrote.
One day last October, a manager told Frazier that "if he was talking about striking again, he'd soon be picking up his paycheck."
It's against the law to punish a worker for discussing wages, working conditions or unionization with other colleagues -- such talk is considered "protected concerted activity" under the law. Yet the company insisted to the judge that it was "plainly entitled" to forbid workers from discussing such matters during work.
"This assertion is simply incorrect," the judge wrote.
On another occasion last September, Wilson was punished by a manager for coming by the store while off-duty to talk with other workers outside. Wilson had asked a colleague who'd just finished her shift to fill out a questionnaire on wages. The manager told Wilson she was violating the store's "loitering and solicitation policy," then wrote her up for it.
Amchan ruled that the enforcement of this policy on employees violated the National Labor Relations Act. The workplace is a "particularly appropriate place" to distribute materials or discuss organizing rights, seeing as it's "the one place where employees clearly share common interests," he wrote. He added, "This is particularly true in the instant case where some of the workers are lower paid individuals who commute to work via bus."
He also reprimanded the company for its attempt to justify its no-solicitation policy by saying that the restaurant was located in a "high crime" area.
"To give credence to such an explanation would effectively deprive millions of the lowest-paid workers in the United States of the ability to assert their Section 7 rights. As I pointed out numerous times at trial, there is no material difference between security concerns in Detroit and those in every inner-city in this country," Amchan wrote.
It was the day after the solicitation incident that Wilson was reprimanded over her pickle placement. According to the decision, the manager sent Wilson home two hours early for it.
From the ruling:
Wilson admits that she did not put pickles on her sandwiches in perfect squares as she was supposed to, due to her anger over the written warning she received. However, given Respondent's animus towards her protected activity, as evidence by the illegal warning given to her the same day, I find that the General Counsel has made a prima facie that her discipline (being sent home early) was related to Wilson engaging in protected activity in Respondent's parking lot the day prior. Thus, the burden of proof has shifted to Respondent that it would have sent Wilson home early even if she had not engaged in protected activity. Respondent has made no showing that it would have sent Wilson home in the absence of her protected activity. Therefore, I find that it violated the Act in so doing.
In conclusion, Amchan ordered that EYM King cease and desist from infringing on employees' rights to organize, and that it change its solicitation policy so that it complies with the law. He also ordered that the company pay Wilson for any wages she lost over the pickle incident, and that her write-up over the incident be rescinded.
EYM King couldn't be reached for comment. The company has the option to appeal the ruling to the full labor board in Washington.
In an email to The Huffington Post, a spokesperson for Burger King wrote that "Burger King Corporation does not make scheduling, wage or other employment-related decisions for the franchisees," adding that the franchisees "independently own and operate" 100 percent of all Burger King restaurants.
Big fast-food companies like Burger King are usually insulated from labor law violations through their franchising arrangements; instead, the charges tend to fall on franchisees like EYM King. This could change, however, as the NLRB's general counsel recently named McDonald's a "joint employer" alongside one of its franchisees. The fast-food industry is worried that the move could open it up to new liabilities .
More:

New Viagra Ad is First to Star Only a WomanNew Viagra ad is first to feature only a woman
Ben Popken TODAY
Pfizer
A new Viagra ad is the first to show just a woman.
In a first for Viagra, the makers of the little blue pill is popping out its first ad to feature just a woman.
The piece features a middle-aged woman with long blonde tresses and a flowing blue dress lounging on a bed at the end of a sun-drenched dock in the tropics. She stares into the camera and addresses the viewer directly.
"So guys, it's just you and your honey. The setting is perfect. But then erectile dysfunction happens again," she says, encouraging men to talk to their doctor about Viagra. "Plenty of guys have this issue -- not just getting an erection, but keeping it."
Not only is it the first Viagra ad to feature a woman, it's the first that uses the word "erection" instead of "ED" or "erectile dysfunction."
Gone are the dreamily rugged shots of a single middle-aged man getting stuff done, like building a fire, doing construction, or getting his hands dirty after hours at his factory. Those spots seemed to hint that Viagra would make sure nothing stood in the way of those men being self-reliant and industrious.
Should a woman appear, it was in the background. Or she was alluded to. For instance, in the image of a tent on a shore with a light burning inside.
So if there's anyone left on the planet who doesn't know what Viagra does, Pfizer want's to make sure they get the news.
The intensifying of the marketing message makes sense considering Viagra's patent expires in 3 years, along with its monopoly.
After that, generics will rush to the U.S. market fighting to undercut the name brand, which currently costs $35 a pill.
Tags:

The chosen one in Tamil NaduUpdated: October 1, 2014 02:56 IST
The chosen one in Tamil Nadu
political development
If Ms. Jayalalithaa remains in prison for some length of time, matters will be more complicated for Mr. Panneerselvam and his government.
Tamil Nadu enters a new phase of governance with O. Panneerselvam being sworn in as head of the government under exceptional circumstances following the conviction of Chief Minister Jayalalithaa in a disproportionate assets case. Other than the changes necessitated by the absence of Ms. Jayalalithaa, his Cabinet is essentially the same with the Ministers retaining the portfolios they held previously. Policies and programmes will likewise see continuity, and the government will largely be run in the name of Ms. Jayalalithaa by Mr. Panneerselvam. But the very fact that real power is no longer with the Chief Minister, but with a person convicted in a corruption case, could have a telling effect on the way the government is run. And if Ms. Jayalalithaa remains in prison for some length of time, matters will be more complicated for Mr. Panneerselvam and his government. Important issues will likely be referred to her, and she will, in effect, emerge as an extra-constitutional authority running the government via remote control. Not surprisingly, Mr. Panneerselvam, who had served as Chief Minister for over five months in 2001-02 after the Supreme Court quashed Ms. Jayalalithaa’s appointment as Chief Minister, was chosen more for his loyalty than for his administrative acumen or seniority in the party hierarchy. During his previous stint, Ms. Jayalalithaa, who was acquitted in the Tansi land deal case (that led to her electoral disqualification) a couple of months after she was forced to demit office, was available for constant consultations. If Ms. Jayalalithaa is not out of prison soon enough, Mr. Panneerselvam will verily be clueless when confronted with politically sensitive issues.
How quickly the judicial process decides on the issues of suspension of sentence or stay of the conviction itself will be critical and Mr. Panneerselvam’s second term could well last longer than his first. The very structure of the ruling All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam does not allow for a strong second line of leadership, and the party and the government will necessarily look up to Ms. Jayalalithaa for guidance. If governance is not to suffer, Ms. Jayalalithaa will have to find a way where her advisory role could take on an official status. In the unusual circumstances in the State, remote control without a formal role will affect the administration of the State. In the last few days since the conviction, many of the Ministers have spent more time in Bangalore than in their own offices. What Ms. Jayalalithaa needs now is legal help, not political support, which she has in plenty, going by the recent Lok Sabha election results. The Ministers would serve her cause better by concentrating on governance than in organising political protests.

This $2.4B Casino Sold for $110 Millionthis $2.4b casino sold for $110 million
Ned Davis Research: Gold dropping to $660By: John Waggoner October 1, 2014 4:14 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
A client of respected market research firm Ned Davis Research asked the question: If gold follows its 1980s market path, what kind of gold price would we be looking at?
The answer: $660.
From the January 1980 peak to the February 1985 trough, gold lost 65.8%, according to a note posted today by John LaFarge, commodity specialist for Ned Davis. So far this cycle, gold is down -35.7% from its August  2011 $1888/oz. peak. If it follows the path of the 1980s bear market, it lands at $660 an ounce.
Gold’s biggest foe back then is the same as it is now: The soaring value of the U.S. dollar. Gold fares best when paper money is losing its value. But the dollar has surged against the euro and the yen, in large part because U.S. interest rates, low as they are, are higher than those of other major countries. And gold, after all, pays no interest or dividends.
To get an idea of how strong U.S. rates are against foreign currencies, consider this: The U.S. Treasury’s 2-year note yields a measly 0.52%. But Germany’s 2-year government note yields -0.09%. In other words you have to pay the German government 0.09% simply to hold your money. So it’s no wonder that money is flowing out of Europe and into the U.S. dollar.
Wouldn’t it pay to be a contrarian and bet against the dollar, and for gold? Not if history is any guide, Ned Davis says. The dollar reacts well to positive sentiment, and those who stand in its way tend to get trampled.  “Gold is not worth additional capital at this point. It is oversold, but is trending poorly,” the Ned Davis note says.
 
 

Boost Brainpower in the Workplacereddit
Co-authored by Fred Guterl
When diversity is news, it's often mixed. College admission rates for minorities are low. Female executives are too rare. Police departments often don't reflect the communities they serve. But there's reason to be optimistic that a culture of inclusion is beginning to take hold in some workplaces. In high-tech industries and others that put a premium on teamwork for creative problem solving, the evidence is clear: Diversity is a valuable competitive asset .
The benefits have been showing up in large-scale studies of management in commercial businesses. Companies in Standard & Poor's Composite 1500 list with women in top management, for instance, are worth $42 million more, on average, than those with only men in those positions, and these firms also score higher on "innovation intensity."
The picture gets more interesting when the focus shifts to team dynamics. Katherine W. Phillips, senior vice dean at Columbia Business School, and her colleagues gave three-person groups complex murder mysteries, and then asked them to work together on solutions. Each member received clues that her or his companions didn't possess, giving an edge to groups with the ability to share information. Racially diverse teams significantly outperformed those with similar members. Other studies confirm this result: A diverse team is more innovative on average.
What is going on, Phillips thinks, is that diversity changes the dynamics of a group in a way that makes it more innovative. When we work with others who are like us, we tend to assume they hold similar points of view and share similar information. That makes for easy and comfortable interactions, and it works well when the task at hand is routine. But when a team is trying to do something new that requires knowledge and experience surpassing what any one member can supply, a more challenging social situation leads to better outcomes. When we have to try harder to communicate with collaborators who are different from us, we better articulate our ideas. "Diversity jolts us into cognitive action in ways that homogeneity simply does not," Phillips writes.
This realization is starting to seep into management philosophies at organizations that strive for innovation. Information technology executive Stephanie C. Hill recalls taking the reins as a project manager at Lockheed Martin in the 1990s with a staff of 30 engineers -- a diverse group by race, gender and expertise -- on a tight deadline. Perhaps sensing some hesitancy among some group members, Hill worried that the best ideas would go unspoken in meetings because someone was too uncomfortable. "As a leader, I had to set the tone for people to express their ideas, even if they differed from those of their colleagues," she recalls. "I would not allow someone's ideas to be dismissed without consideration." Hill, now vice president and general manager of a division of the company, knows the value of diversity to the bottom line.
Although there's no formula for creating a productively diverse workplace, openly embracing people's differences is key. Policies of ignoring racial differences, for instance, often backfire by creating an environment in which unconscious biases can flourish unchallenged. In studies that measured reaction time after seeing pairs of words, done at Dartmouth College by Jennifer A. Richeson and her colleagues, white college students showed less unconscious bias against minorities after being exposed to material advocating the promotion of diversity, compared with those who'd had to read policies that did instead advocated for color-blind policies.  Unconscious biases are particularly insidious because they can send subtle messages that members of a group are not welcome -- at a firm, at a college or in a field such as computer science.
Consider: Why are only one in four computer scientists women? Do girls and women have their own stereotypes and biases that dissuade them from the profession? Are they picking up signals -- from their friends, their teachers, Hollywood -- that computer science isn't for them? Google, for example, celebrated only men in its "Doodles" -- embellishments to the corporate logos on its Web site -- for seven years before it got around to selecting a woman. The company didn't take notice until outsiders, years later, pointed it out.  "It came as a shock," says Google[x] vice president Megan Smith. Google responded with a survey of its workforce diversity and then made it public, despite the unflattering picture it painted, and initiated a spate of projects, inside and outside the company, to promote change.
In the past century, we have eliminated some of the major hurdles of basic participation for women and people with different ethnicities or abilities in the workplace. Now we should take the opportunity to reinvent our corporate cultures to fully embrace those differences, to make a virtue out of them -- and to turn them into tools for creating prosperity for all.
DiChristina is editor in chief and senior vice president of Scientific American. Guterl is executive editor.
Follow Mariette DiChristina on Twitter: www.twitter.com/mdichristina
More:

Mariette DiChristinaGET UPDATES FROM Mariette DiChristina
 
Like
5
Mariette DiChristina, editor in chief and senior vice president, oversees Scientific American, ScientificAmerican.com, Scientific American Mind and all newsstand special editions. She is the eighth person and first female to assume the top post since Scientific American's founding in 1845. Under her leadership, the magazine received a 2011 National Magazine Award for General Excellence. She is a visiting scholar in the graduate Science, Health and Environmental Reporting program at New York University, a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science and past president of the National Association of Science Writers.
Entries by Mariette DiChristina
(0) Comments | Posted October  1, 2014 | 5:47 PM
Co-authored by Fred Guterl
When diversity is news, it's often mixed. College admission rates for minorities are low. Female executives are too rare. Police departments often don't reflect the communities they serve. But there's reason to be optimistic that a culture of inclusion is beginning to take hold in some...
How Parents Can Bring Science Home -- and Why They Should
(1) Comments | Posted April 19, 2014 | 7:38 PM
"Mom, why are all sugar crystals the same shape, now matter what size they are?" my nine-year-old daughter wanted to know. On our kitchen table were small piles of tiny white crystals and larger amber "raw" sugar that we sometimes use as a crunchy topping when baking. "Let's find out,"...
Magic & Science: What Magicians' Sleight Of Hand Reveals About Brain Function
(4) Comments | Posted May 15, 2012 | 3:49 PM
“I see you have a watch with a buckle.” Standing at my side, Apollo Robbins held my wrist lightly as he turned my hand over and back.
I knew exactly what was coming but I fell for it anyway. “Yes,” I said, trying to keep an eye...

Clean India Campaign: Village panchayats to get Rs 20 lakh eachPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi participating in 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan along with NDMC workers in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 4:25 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 4:26 pm
Over 2,47,000 village panchayats in the country will get Rs 20 lakh per annum for ‘Clean India’ campaign launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday.
Minister for Drinking Water and Sanitation Nitin Gadkari made this announcement after participating in the ‘Swachh Bharat’ cleanliness drive initiated by his ministry officials in the premises of Krishi Bhawan here.
ALSO READ:  Everything you need to know about PM Modi’s ‘Clean India’ campaign 
“We have decided that we will provide Rs 20 lakh to each village panchayat and they should make the village clean,” Gadkari said.
“We will provide this money yearly and we are going to give money to few villages very soon,” the Minister said.
He sought the support from Sarpanch, teachers and students in the country’s over 2,47,000 gram panchayats for the successful implementation of programme that is to be completed on October 2, 2019, coinciding with the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
“We will complete this mission of cleanliness by taking support of Sarpanch, teachers and students,” he said.
“Each gram panchayat will spend Rs 20 lakh. The money will be in the discretion of gram panchayats and they will spend it on sanitation,” Gadkari said.
Officials said the money will be provided from a fund of Rs 1,96,000 crore announced by the government for Clean India Mission over a five-year period.
While the Urban Development Ministry will allocate Rs 62,000 crore for cleaning towns across the country, the Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation will spend Rs 1,34,000 crore for the programme.
Wielding the broom, Modi today launched the country’s biggest-ever cleanliness drive, asserting that the “Swachh Bharat” mission is “beyond politics” and inspired by patriotism.
We will provide this money yearly and we are going to give money to few villages very soon, said Nitin Gadkari.

FDI in telecom sector jumps manifold to $2.33 billion in April-JulyDepartment of Industrial Policy and Promotion
(Payment of spectrum auction…)
NEW DELHI: After registering a huge decline in the recent past, foreign direct investment in the telecom sector grew manifold to $2.33 billion in the first four months of 2014-15.
During the entire 2013-14 fiscal, the sector had received a total FDI of $1.3 billion.
FDI in the telecom sector, which includes radio paging, cellular mobile, basic telephone services, attracted only $12 million during April-July period of the last fiscal, as per the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion .
According to an industry expert, payment of spectrum auction and investments in network rollout are some of the factors that have helped attract more FDI in the sector.
In 2011-12, 2010-11 and 2009-10, the sector attracted FDI worth $1.99 billion, $1.66 billion and $2.55 billion respectively.
Increase in the foreign investment inflows in the sector helped the overall FDI, which increased by 52 per cent to $10.73 billion during April-July this fiscal.
Other sectors that received large FDI inflows during the first four-months of the current fiscal include services ($1.03 billion), Pharmaceuticals ($886 million) and construction ($430 million).
During the period, India received maximum FDI from Mauritius ($3.38 billion), Singapore ($1.66 billion), the UK ($824 million) and Japan ($834 million).
FEATURED ARTICLES

Haryana elections: Congress may bag more votes by passage of Gurdwaras Management Bill13
0
Kurukshetra: Ahead of Haryana Assembly elections, Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda is trying hard to woo the Sikh vote bank in the state where one of the significant vote share comes from over 10 lakh Sikhs. Earlier in the year, the state government had passed a bill creating a separate Gurudwara Management committee taking away power from the Amritsar based Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC).
Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal and the SGPC say the Bill is an attempt to divide the Sikhs to win votes. But in rural Haryana, the Sikhs say the Bill will benefit to them. "Now Gurudwara money will stay in Haryana, and will help Sikhs in Haryana. When a government does something for us, then we will support them," a Sikh farmer Jarnail Singh said.
While the Bill has been passed, the Haryana SGPC has not yet been able to take control of all Gurdwaras in Haryana. The Bill is likely to bring some change in the votes.
Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal and the SGPC say the Bill is an attempt to divide the Sikhs to win votes.
#haryana assembly elections 2014 #bhupinder singh hooda #congress #sikhs
However, there are also some Sikh voters who are not impressed with the Bill. "Where were they all these years? We wanted this long ago. They have done it only now, just for votes. We won't vote for them, just because they passed this Bill," says Kashmir Singh Shadipur a Haryana resident.
The creation of a separate SGPC for the Sikhs in Haryana has been one of the biggest controversies in the state in 2014. It is to be seen whether the passing of the legislation will really have an effect in the elections in Haryana.
1

Centre plans to divest 5% stake in RCF next fiscalCentre plans to divest 5% stake in RCF next fiscal
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 2:  
The government is planning to divest at least 5 per cent stake in state-run Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilizers (RCF) in 2015-16, sources said.
"There are plans to divest at least 5 per cent stake in the company (RCF) in the next fiscal, which could be raised to 10 per cent," a highly-placed source said.
The government at present owns 80 per cent stake in the company, while remaining 20 per cent is with the public and institutions. LIC holds 6.45 per cent, the biggest stake by stakeholder other than other than promoters.
Shares of RCF closed at Rs 52.15 apiece at last close in BSE. At the prevailing price, sale of 5 per cent stake or 2.76 crore shares would fetch around Rs 145 crore to the exchequer.
The share sale will help the government make RCF complaint with the minimum 75 per cent public shareholding norm of market regulator SEBI.
In March 2013, government had raised Rs 310 crore from sale of 12.5 per cent stake in RCF through offer for sale route, which got over-subscribed 1.3 times.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Allianz chief Diekmann to step downAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

History: Bad October start isn t a stock deathEMAIL
Getty
It’s hard to sugarcoat it: The first trading of October was an unmitigated disaster, with the benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500 stock market tumbling 1.3%, its worst dive to kick off October since a 2.9% rout in 2011. The Dow also stumbled, tumbling 238 points. And the small-cap Russell 2000 stock index closed 10% below its March 4 record close, marking its first official price correction since the fall of 2012.
Those gruesome statistics did little to assuage investors’ anxiety, which was high entering the month, given October’s reputation for being susceptible to stock market crashes. The 1929 and 1987 crashes occurred in October.
Stocks were hit hard Wednesday by worries about global growth after weak manufacturing data in the eurozone, jitters over the first Ebola virus case reaching the USA and ongoing angst over the pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong. What’s more, October’s scary reputation as a month when the stock market tends to crash (think 1929 and 1987) also gave investors pause.
But one day does not a market make, nor does it rule out the possibility of a bounce-back rally. (In pre-market trading, stocks were virtually flat, with futures on the Dow Jones industrial average up 6 points.)
Investors can only hope that the stock market follows up its weak showing on Day 1 of October 2014 like it has the past dozen times it sank more than 1% on the first trading day of the third quarter. The S&P 500 has posted gains the next day, the next week and for the rest of October after spooky first days that drench investors in red ink, according to Bespoke Investment Group.
Bespoke’s analysis shows average gains of 0.9% the next day, with positive returns 10 of 12 times. The index was 3.1% higher a week later, and 3.8% higher by the end of the month.
How did the market fare after a 2.9% dip on the first day of October 2011? “Pretty darn good, actually,” Bespoke noted. The S&P 500 was up 8.7% a month later and 14% by the end of the month.

How architectural firm Clayco is investing in smart building products0
A. There is no set dollar amount. We have a pretty big balance sheet to do the deals we find interesting. We have the flexibility to do small and large deals. We’re going to be doing things within a range of millions of dollars, not hundreds of millions of dollars.
Q. What’s your investment profile?
A. We’re looking at things like mobile technology and smart building products, which can be both more cost effective and energy efficient. When you combine that with some of these technologies that can make that building smarter, that allows the user of the building to have a better experience. Their iPhone becomes their security badge. Smart window technology tints the window based on the where the sun is and the weather outside. Getting back to core construction, we’re looking at technologies that can make that (construction) guy more efficient in the field with new tools and mobile devices that tell him where he needs to be and when.
Q. What lessons have you learned about putting together the right team?
A. I’ve been in a situation when a transaction was taking place and the founders walked away with a lot of money. Even though they said it wasn’t going to change their perspective, it did. I learned that if you’re going to write a big check to someone, you either need to make sure you have hooks in them to keep them incentivized, which maybe means less cash and more equity to share on the upside or you make sure there’s a team below them that can take the reins. That was a big learning experience that I can certainly apply here. You need to make sure you’ve got a team that you can partner with going forward and that they’re aligned with you on a longer term.
Q&As are edited for length and clarity.

Resurgence in clean energy spendingInvestment in clean energy rising after two years of decline
By Pilita Clark, Environment Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1cedff5e-4a26-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Morrison ups ante in discount warMorrison ups the supermarket price war ante with Aldi and Lidl
By Andrea Felsted, Senior Retail Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/91a1578e-4a2a-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Facebook issues apology to drag queens over  real-name  policyFacebook issues apology to drag queens over 'real-name' policy
ANI | London Oct 02, 2014 04:33 PM IST
Facebook has reportedly issued an apology to drag queens over its "real-name" policy that required them to use their legal names on the social networking site.
According to the Guardian, Facebook apologized to drag queens on Wednesday following a meeting with community members and queens who protested against the company's order to use their legal names on their profiles.
Facebook's chief product officer, Chris Cox, said that the company wanted to apologise to the affected community of drag queens, drag kings, transgender, and members of the LGBT community and their friends for the hardship that they were put through in dealing with their Facebook accounts over the past few weeks.
Facebook had sent several emails to drag queens ordering them to change their profiles to their "real names", which was challenged by them in September.
Expressing her delight, Lil Miss Hot Mess, a drag queen, said in an email to the Guardian that this was a huge victory not only for the queens, but also for the countless others whose names don't always match their ID cards, but allow them to express themselves with less fear and more fabulousness, the report said.

Bigg Boss 8 takes Colors to number 2 on GEC chartBigg Boss 8 takes Colors to number 2 on GEC chart
Urvi Malvania | Mumbai Oct 03, 2014 12:43 AM IST
Endemol India’s celebrity show Bigg Boss season 8 has done what everyone at Colors hoped it would – propel the flagship general entertainment channel (GEC) from the Viacom18 bouquet to the No 2 spot on the ratings chart. The show, hosted for the fourth year in a row by actor Salman Khan, launched with a viewership of 7.6 million on September 21, and helped the GEC add 19 million viewers over the previous week to end with gross viewership of 431 million.
Last season's debut episode was rated marginally higher at 7.7 million. The weekday ratings, however, sustained Monday through Friday to average at 4.3 million viewers, while the Saturday episode was seen by 3.6 million viewers across India. The three-hour launch episode included an introduction to this season’s theme, which is around aviation and air travel, and the contestants of this edition. The show airs on the weekdays from 9 pm to 10 pm and has special episodes featuring Khan on the weekends.
Raj Nayak, CEO of Colors, said: “We are really happy that this season of Bigg Boss is doing well as the team at Colors and Endemol have put in a lot of work to put this show together. The logistics are huge and from planning till the launch, it takes almost six months of preparation. We hope our viewers continue to like the show and help us make it bigger and better so that our advertisers and sponsors on the show get their bang for the buck.”
In taking the second spot on the ratings chart, Colors has dethroned ZEE Entertainment Enterprises’ GEC, ZEE TV, (427 gross viewership in million). Star Plus continued to take the top spot at 593 million viewers and Life OK retained the No 4 spot with 307 million viewers. Multi Screen Media’s (MSM)’s SAB TV and Sony Entertainment Television also stayed put at their previous week positions – number five and six, respectively. Among the top shows, STAR Plus’ Diya Aur Baati Hum once again took top honours with viewership of 8.1 million, followed by ZEE TV’s Jodha Akbar (7.8 million) and Kumkum Bhagya (7.2 million).
Bigg Boss, which spans over three months features 15 celebrities from different fields confined in a house under 24-hour surveillance. Over the course of the show, the contestant have to carry out different tasks that calls for skills, co-operation and patience. Every week, the ‘house-mates’ nominate each other for eviction and ultimately, their fate is decided by the viewers, who vote in to save the contestants who they feel deserve to be in the house a little longer. The show is the Indian adaptation of Endemol India’s Dutch parent company (Endemol)’s show called Big Brother.
This year’s Bigg Boss is among the costliest shows ever on Indian television, with cost pegged at Rs 140-150 crore. It could also be the first year that a property of such magnitude could break even. Sources close to the show reveal that the broadcaster is charging Rs 3.5-4 lakh for a 10-second slot. Sony Entertainment Television's fiction show, Yudh, which premiered in July and starred Amitabh Bachchan, held the record in the daily entertainment space, with spot rates of Rs 3 lakh for 10 seconds.
Bigg Boss’ sponsorships are also among the highest in the industry. E-commerce player Snapdeal has forked out Rs 35 crore for this season, much more than the Rs 25-crore telecom operator Vodafone had paid for the show last year.
The channel's five-year contract with Vodafone for presenting sponsorshipended this year. It has other sponsors like powered by sponsor OppoMobile (Rs 22 crore), car sponsor Maruti (Rs 8 to 10 crore) and TVSMotors (Rs 8 to 10 crore).

Angry Birds maker cuts 16% of workforceAngry Birds maker cuts 16% of workforce
By Ben Rooney   @ben_rooney October 2, 2014: 8:59 AM ET
Flying too close to the sun?
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
There may some feathers ruffled at Angry Birds headquarters.
Rovio Entertainment, maker of the mobile device game, plans to eliminate up to 130 jobs, or 16% of the company's workforce, in Finland.
The move is part of an effort to "simplify" Rovio's operations and focus on businesses with the most growth potential, such as games, media and consumer products, according to a statement from CEO Mikael Hed.
Rovio has grown from a video game developer into a diversified entertainment company following the success of its Angry Bird franchise. But the company acknowledged that it expanded too quickly and needs to slim down before it can resume growth.
"We have been building our team on assumptions of faster growth than have materialized," said Hed.
The CEO said it was a difficult decision to make, but concluded that it's better to announce the layoffs "sooner rather than later," adding that Rovio is "in a good place to re-ignite growth."
First Published: October 2, 2014: 8:59 AM ET
Most Popular

Walgreen partners with WebMD0
Walgreen's rewards card traditionally gives customers points for what they buy, which can be redeemed for cash off subsequent purchases.
“Walgreens rewards points become the incentive gauge to have them use (the app) more,” said WebMD CEO David Schlanger. “They now have this financial incentive to engage in these healthy behaviors.”
WebMD, best known for helping people identify mysterious ailments online, logs 64 million unique visitors each month. Walgreen Co. will have 12,400 drugstores in 14 countries once its merger with European counterpart Alliance Boots GmbH closes early next year.
In addition, WebMD provides online health coaching to people under contracts with their employers or insurance plans. The Walgreen pact will open that specialized content that helps people quit smoking, lose weight and eat healthy to the masses – at least anyone with a rewards card and an iPhone.
The hope is that the combination of two “trusted brands,” Walgreen President Alex Gourlay said, will drive more loyalty members at Walgreens stores and grow WebMD's presence.
Gourlay said the integration meets customers' increasing desire to be digitally connected.
“We want our stores to remain popular, but we want to give customers access on their terms,” Gourlay said. “The whole idea of happy and healthy is to provide the right solutions in the area of health care in a way that gives them the best advice and the best information. ... This is right in the sweet spot of happy and healthy.”
Walgreen will integrate some of WebMD's health advice, on topics such as allergies, skin care, healthy aging and heart health, in its stores and on its website and apps. WebMD will make available on its website Walgreens' online prescription refills and health care clinic appointment scheduling, but Walgreen said it won't be sharing actual prescription information with WebMD.
“The lines will be blurred even more when we start taking the WebMD coaching capability and integrating it into Walgreens' digital experience,” Schlanger said. “We have many of the same customers. The same people going to WebMD are going into Walgreens stores to fill prescriptions. ... The most important thing about this business relationship is to give them more services to improve their care.”
ehirst@tribune.com

Infosys launches solution to automate transaction reconciliation in banksInfosys launches solution to automate transaction reconciliation in banks
BS Reporter | Bangalore Oct 02, 2014 06:08 PM IST
India's second largest information technology (IT) services company Infosys today said it has launched a new solution that helps banks in automating and simplifying their transaction reconciliation process.
The solution, called Infosys Transaction Reconciliation Solution (ITRS), is capable of processing up to 50 million transactions per hour and reduces 15-50% of time taken to on-board reconciliation tasks, the Bangalore-based company said in a release today.
"With global spend on reconciliation expected to reach $1.27 billion by 2017, banks are increasingly looking for automated solutions," Infosys said. "A unified reconciliation solution such as ITRS helps banks efficiently while meeting the regulatory needs."
The new solution will enable banks to automate and centralise their reconciliation across multiple channels, including ATM, derivative, payment, clearing-settling and other reporting functions. It will also help banks to cut costs by offering tools for bank employees to perform reconciliation tasks and functions, as well as reduce need for manual interaction and increase efficiency.
"A well-planned reconciliation helps banks reduce risks emanating from disparate systems and processes or manual interventions," said Mohit Joshi, executive vice president and head of financial services at Infosys. "Lack of a centralised, automated system could lead to expensive rework of reports and delays in account settlement. ITRS draws on our extensive experience of serving the evolving technology needs of global banks."
 

Swachh Bharat: Oil PSUs to build toilets in ...GAIL
(Prime Minister Narendra…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's call to rid the country of litter and rubbish today saw heads of Fortune 500 companies including ONGC Chairman Dinesh Kumar Sarraf and IOC head B Ashok picking up brooms.
Sarraf, Chairman of the nation's biggest state company by market value, kicked off the Swachh Bharat campaign from Rajahmundry in Andhra Pradesh by visting schools.
Ashok, Chairman of India's biggest refiner, started it with laying foundation of a toilet at a school near IOC's refinery in Mathra in Uttar Pradesh.
ONGC will build toilets in 2,500 government schools in 26 districts spread over 13 sates at the a cost of Rs 100 crore this year, Sarraf said.
IOC will build 1,000 toilets in government-run schools, especially for girls, while gas utility GAIL will construct 1,021 toilets across India. Refiners Bharat Petroleum Corp Ltd (BPCL) and Hindustan Petroleum Corp Ltd (HPCL) will together build 900.
An ONGC statement said the company began the process of building toilet at a school in Pedapalla village in Alamuru Mandal in East Godavari District.
"The project has been launched in 2 schools in Ganjam and 8 schools in Gajapati districts of Odisha and in 10 schools near ONGC work centres in Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat, Assam and Tripura. The mission is to achieve total sanitation in India over a period of next five years," it said.
ONGC Director (Finance) A K Banerjee, Director (Technical) Shshi Shanker, Director (Onshore) Ashok Verma and Director (HR) Desh Deepak Misra spearheaded the cleaning movement at Delhi, Ahmedabad, Mumbai, Rajahmundry and Dehradun respectively.
IOC in a statement said it initiated the cleanliness drives at its offices, petrol pumps, LPG distributorships, Kisan Sewa Kendras, Colonies and various neighbouring regions across the length and breadth of the nation.
Company Director (Planning) D Sen, Director (Marketing) M Nene, Director (Pipeline) V S Okhde and Director (Refineries) Sanjiv Singh took up the brooms at IOC's Delhi, Mumbai, Raipur and Uttar Pradesh state offices respectively.
A GAIL statement said its toilet building initiative was launched from Sisupal Garh CP School in Bhubaneswar Block where bio-toilets will be constructed with provision of water supply and overhead tank.
GAIL Chairman and Managing Director B C Tripathi launched the renovation work of toilets at the Government School of Pahaj village near the GAIL Gas Processing Plant at Gandhar in Gujarat.
"The GAIL supported Girls Toilet work is being undertaken under the company's corporate social responsibility programmes, entailing an expenditure of Rs 27 crore," it said.
Construction work has been kicked off at four districts - Khordha (243 toilets) and Nayagarh (132) districts of Odisha, East Godavari (336) in Andhra Pradesh and Jhabua (310) in Madhya Pradesh, it said.
BPCL Chairman S Varadarajan flagged off Swachh Bharat campaign in Bhopal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Railways to hike fares under premium Tatkal ...Railways links 50% of tatkal tickets with dynamic pricing system, fares to go up
PTI Oct 2, 2014, 08.05PM IST
Tags:
dynamic fare system
(The rates of the tatkal tickets…)
NEW DELHI: Half of the tatkal tickets on 80 trains have become costlier with the Railways deciding to partially implement the dynamic fare system under which charges will depend on demand.
The decision, clearly aimed at mopping up more revenues by the cash-strapped Railways, comes in the midst of festival season when there is a big rush of train travellers.
"It has been decided that 50 per cent of the existing tatkal quota ticket shall be sold under dynamic fare scheme," said a senior Railway Ministry official today.
As per the scheme, 50 per cent of tatkal quota tickets would be sold under the existing system and the subsequent 50 per cent under 'premium tatkal' quota of dynamic pricing.
It will mean more the demand, more the cost. The 'Premium Tatkal Ticket' scheme will be applicable to 80 trains from October one and like Premium train, the scheme will be available online only.
Railway Board Member (Traffic) D P Pandey said, "The Premium Tatkal ticket scheme has been launched for 80 popular trains. All zones have been asked to identify five popular trains in their respective zone.
"We will see the response and then we will decide on extending the scheme to other trains."
He emphasised that only 50 per cent of the tatkal tickets will be sold under the dynamic fare system while the rest will be sold on regular tatkal fare basis.
There is tremendous rush for tickets during the festive season as passengers prefer to travel to their home towns for celebrating Dusshera and Diwali.
However, Railways has described the scheme as a preventive measure to deal with the menace of touts.
"There were reports of genuine passengers being fleeced by touts. This will help facilitating needy passengers to get tickets," the official said.
The scheme, applicable on selected trains, will increase the prices of tatkal tickets and as an end result the train fare.
Northern Railway has identified five trains including Saptakranti Express, two Mumbai Rajdhani trains and Vaishali Express to implement Premium Tatkal scheme.
Some trains which have been identified for implementation of the scheme are Hyderabad-New Delhi Andhra Pradesh Express, Hyderabad-Hazrat Nizamuddin Dakshin Express, Secunderabad-Howrah Falaknuma Express, Kacheguda-Bangalore Express and Secunderabad-Patna Express.
The tatkal scheme currently covers around 2677 trains. According to Railway figures, around 1.71 lakh seats, of the 11.57 lakh available, are up for booking under the tatkal scheme.
It is also a prominent source of income for the Railways, raking in about Rs 1000 cr last year.
"The scheme has been launched to deal with the problem of touts. There were reports of genuine passengers being fleeced by touts. This will help facilitating needy passengers to get tickets," a senior Railway Ministry official said.
The scheme, applicable on selected train, will increase the prices of tatkal tickets and as an end result the train fare. Railways is also running 50 premium trains on dynamic fare system, like flights.
It had increased tatkal charges last year in April by ten per cent of the basic fare for reserved second class sitting and 30 per cent of basic fare for all other classes.
NDA government has increased train fares of all classes by 14.2 per cent on June 25.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Petronet pays CEO  directors Rs 15 lakh each in commissionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

What Samsung Galaxy Note 4 offersThe latest version of Galaxy Note- The Note 4 Edge is equipped with enhanced features and a new metallic design which assails attention.
PHOTO: www.samsung.com

Industrious takes Chicago s coworking lessons on the road0
It’s one of a handful of lessons Hodari and Stewart think they can take on the road as they prepare for national expansion of their Chicago-based brand with office spaces already under way in Atlanta, Philadelphia, Brooklyn, St. Louis and possibly other cities soon after that. The Detroit natives, who have taken outside investment to fund the expansion, were scouting their former hometown earlier this month, Hodari said.
But their year in Chicago — they recently doubled floor space on the third floor of 320 W. Ohio St., then added modular space on the sixth floor above — has been full of lessons:
Think big. “We were envisioning most of the tenants being something closer to us,” Hodari said. “The first thing we learned was how much of the demand came from national companies looking for a Chicago location.” Fast-growing companies, especially, are happy to avoid a 10-year lease when they don't know how many employees they’ll have next year. The answer for many of them: A ready-made space, a flexible lease and room to grow, Hodari said.
Design matters. Millennials aren’t the only ones who appreciate good design, but their impact as a customer group has been important, Hodari said. “They would rather share a stunning beautiful room than have a much less impressive one all to themselves,” he said.
Be personal. As hotels and restaurants have done, Hodari said he and Stewart have learned the importance of paying attention to personal details. Their space’s tenants choose to expand in place more than seek office space elsewhere, he said. With leases extending month-to-month, they expected to hunt for more tenants every four weeks. Instead, they’ve had to seek out more real estate.
Allow connections. Employees like being across the hall from a freelance lawyer, marketing firm or accountant. When growing companies out-grow their space at Industrious, Hodari said, they increasingly have asked to let their employees stay connected to programming, events and coworking even after moving out.

My Conversation With George Bensonreddit
Tonight on PBS I'm joined by 10-time Grammy winner and National Endowment of the Arts Jazz Master, George Benson, whose new memoir, Benson: The Autobiography, has just been published. He's played with the greats, from Frank Sinatra to Stevie Wonder, and has a slew of number one hits to his credit, including his version of "On Broadway."
In this clip George talks about how that song was recorded -- live at a club on the Sunset Strip -- and how he knew, instantly, that it would be huge hit.
For more of our conversation, be sure to tune in to Tavis Smiley on PBS. Check our website for your local TV listings: www.pbs.org/tavis .
Follow Tavis Smiley on Twitter: www.twitter.com/tavissmiley
More:

Tysons hiring expo to offer 1 000 jobs along the Silver LineBy Jonathan O'Connell October 1 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
A Silver Line train approaches at he Spring Hill station in Tysons. (Photo by Yue Wu/The Washington Post)
Part of the allure of the Silver Line for companies in Tysons Corner was the possibility that Metro access would make it easier for them to attract millennial workers , many of whom do not own cars or do not live in the suburbs.
Now that the trains are running it’s time to put that theory to the test.
From Oct. 6-9 the Tysons Partnership, an association of business and resident organizations, plans to host a series of job fairs at the four Silver Line stations in Tysons.
Many of the area’s corporate employers will have recruiters on hand, including Capital One, Hilton, Cvent, Booz Allen Hamilton, Northrop Grumman and even the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority itself. In all, more than 1,000 positions have been listed on the event’s Web site, Tysonsjobsexpo.com .
The message: you no longer need a car to get a job there.
“What this means is that people to the east of Tysons who have historically not come to work in Tysons because you had to drive, and many city dwellers downtown, are now going to look at Tysons,” said Michael Caplin, executive director of the partnership.
Caplin said despite the vibrant neighborhoods that are popular with recent college graduates in Arlington and the District, half of workers in Tysons still come from points west, such as Loudoun County. And 85 percent of them drive to work.
If Tysons is going to be come a walkabale, urban place, that model cannot hold. The Silver Line, Caplin said, “changes the whole ball game for recruiters.”
He hopes to make the job expo an annual event as Tysons employers continue growing and adding jobs, which in turn fuels the area’s building boom.
“Let’s hope it’s an annual event because we are delivering these buildings every year and they are going to need employees,” Caplin said.
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

What Happened When We Went A Week Without An Inboxreddit
In honor of National Work and Family Month, I want to throw down a challenge. Take one week in October and ban your team from using email.  Get them to step away from the inbox.
I issued the same edict to my team this past spring, after reading a Chicago Tribune interview with Arianna Huffington in which she advised entrepreneurs to avoid the reactive nature of email .  As she said, "Any time we are on email, we are reacting. Very often, we may spend an entire day, week, month, year, just reacting and operating from our inbox rather than from what we want to create."
Huffington is not the only one to recognize that responding to an inbox could be interfering with our innovation and energy. Far from it.
German car maker Daimler has implemented a radical new program in which employees can automatically delete incoming emails while on vacation.  While they are out, the system automatically kicks back an email notice indicating the recipient is out of the office and offering an alternative contact instead.
And in France, select unions and employers have signed a labor agreement, giving employees the right (or obligation, depending on how you read it) to disconnect from their email for a certain number of hours each day.
People, Purpose and Potatoes
During our email hiatus at Life Meets Work, I wanted to push team members to connect with people on a more personal level.  The email ban included not only emails amongst ourselves but also with clients. We set up autoresponders to let people know we weren't checking email and encouraged them to call us instead.
Here are some things we learned:
Email makes us feel important. This gets to the same ego issues we have around being hyper-busy at work. If we're not constantly getting emails, are we valued?
Email can mask what is truly important since the emails in our inbox feel more urgent. We feel an obligation to acknowledge and respond promptly, and that makes us feel reactive rather than purposeful.
Email creates a game of hot potato, as in: "I got the email out of my inbox and into yours. I win!"  Email is efficient for delegating, but are we really getting work 'done'?  Some tasks can be resolved more efficiently through conversation.
Email is highly useful for transactional types of communication. During our weekly ban, we quickly realized that we needed to bend the rules if, and only if (!), we needed to exchange documents with a client.
When sharing documents with each other, we posted them to our shared file system and then found ourselves sending instant messages to alert each other that a) the document was ready and b) located here ___.  Admittedly, it was slightly awkward and not altogether efficient.
There are better ways to collaborate than email. By forcing ourselves over to group chat, phone, and video conferences for the week, we eliminated many of those infernal 'reply all' email exchanges.  We also used Yammer for idea sharing and posting information updates to the entire team.
We're back at our email, but I'd like to think we're a little better at it.  We're picking up the phone a bit more.  We're using subject line conventions like "FYI Only."  And we're parking ideas in the cloud, instead of our inboxes.
For one week, we stopped reacting and started interacting.  It felt good.  It felt less stressful.  And for my team, it was a reminder that email begets more email .
It's one thing to step away from your own email and work from a place of purpose.  But we do even more for each other when we think twice about the emails we send--how many we send and when we're sending them.
Follow Kyra Cavanaugh on Twitter: www.twitter.com/lifemeetswork
More:

American Money: Is Franchising Right for Youreddit
Black entrepreneurship is on a steady rise, with more African Americans deciding to go into business for themselves.
Today, minority businesses make up almost 15 percent of this country's 28 million small businesses and employ 5.9 million workers in the United States. From 2002 to 2007, the number of black-owned businesses increased by 61 percent to 1.9 million, more than triple the national rate of 18.0 percent, according to the U.S. Census Bureau's Survey of Business Owners.
But embracing your entrepreneurial spirit does not always require you to start from scratch.
Joining a franchise , which is the agreement or license between two legally independent parties, which gives a person or group of people (franchisee) the right to market a product or service using the trademark or trade name of another business (franchisor), is an alternative. Franchising allows one to mitigate risk, capitalize on national advertising, tap into a proven system and leverage the collective power of other franchise owners in an ever changing and challenging market place.
It's important to note that African Americans remain underrepresented in this arena, meaning their economic potential is not being fully realized. Between 2002 and 2007, African American ownership accounted for just 5 percent of all franchised businesses and only saw a 2% increase.
However, franchising remains one of the most powerful economic tools for African-Americans and other underrepresented groups to realize the American dream of business ownership and bring economic sustainability their communities.
For this reason, we at the NAACP are partnering with Dunkin' Brands to strengthen Dunkin' Brands franchise ownership in communities of color.
Through this partnership, Dunkin' Brands and the NAACP will collaborate to offer people of color in-depth franchising education and training as well as assistance in overcoming the financial challenges related to becoming a franchise owner. This initiative is a part of Dunkin' Brands' ongoing efforts to provide resources to help qualified franchisee candidates overcome barriers associated with financing, including providing guidance on business plan development, facilitating access to capital, and forging relationships with local community lenders.
International Franchise Association (IFA) is also an invaluable resource for those considering franchising. IFA will be offering webinars throughout the month of November on the following dates .  And you can find more of their resources and online tools at franchise.org.
Franchise businesses are expected to grow more than 12% this year , the strongest surge in five years. And today, the number of jobs created and new franchise establishments is outpacing private sector growth in other industries.
So, why not research and learn about the details of franchising? It may be the right choice for you!
Dedrick Muhammad is the Sr. Director of the NAACP Economic Department and Executive Director of the Financial Freedom Center
Follow Dedrick Muhammad on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DedrickM
More:

Predictable Schedules Offer Stability and Regular Pay to Hourly Workersreddit
Co-authored by SF County Supervisor David Chiu
Social media has been ablaze during the past few weeks with images and news stories about workers trying to raise their local hourly minimum wage. From New York to Los Angeles, we've heard the personal stories of the people behind these campaigns who say they can't make ends meet because their wages are so low. These campaigns are beginning to make a difference in the lives of families as more and more of them win wage increases for hourly workers.
But there's another determinant of household income that deserves just as much attention. For many hourly workers already struggling to get by on minimum wage, the schedule of work and the number of hours they receive on that schedule decides whether they can pay the rent or not. This issue is critical to workers' stability and their ability to get ahead.
Hourly, part-time work is on the rise. Across the country, 59 percent of all workers are paid hourly. Many of these workers get their schedules just a few days in advance, and sometimes that comes with a last-minute notice of reduced hours. As described in a recent piece in the New York Times' and in The New Yorker's recent article on fast food workers, workers in retail and restaurant jobs often find out at the last minute what their schedules will be, or whether they will work on a given day at all.
This week, in San Francisco, we are taking a step to address this problem. Over the past year, we convened a task force with businesses and worker advocates to explore policy solutions to the unpredictable scheduling practices in San Francisco. Together, we agreed that more needed to be done to raise awareness among employers of how these practices impact the economic stability of families in our community, and to put in place best practices for employers to follow. With legislation that addresses these practices among chain stores, San Francisco will be the first jurisdiction in the nation to adopt such legislation. It will offer an opportunity to  further study and understand how these changes impact employers and their workers.
Through our work on the task force, we studied how these practices impact workers.
For parents, this type of schedule takes a particular toll. Professor Susan Lambert, who presented her work to the task force, and who recently released a comprehensive report on the subject, found that among respondents in her survey (workers age 26-32) with a child 12 or younger, 69 percent of mothers and fully 80 percent of fathers report that their hours fluctuated in the prior month by an average of approximately 40 percent when compared to their usual hours. According to the Center on Law and Social Policy , working parents with unpredictable schedules cannot know when or how much child care they will need, eliminating the possibility of sending children to most child care programs. Instead, they often rely on multiple child care arrangements, such as family and friend caregivers. One in five working mothers in the restaurant industry report losing their child care due to unpredictable work schedules.
A parent's unpredictable schedule impacts the entire family in many other ways, too. Children need the stability brought about by regular meals with their parents, a consistent bedtime, and their parents' involvement in school activities. Scheduling practices that prevent workers from knowing when they'll work next rob them of important opportunities to be dependable.
And unpredictable schedules can impact hourly workers' abilities to take on second jobs to improve their income. In San Francisco, where the cost of living is high, we've heard from many workers who must work several minimum-wage jobs so they can earn enough to get by. If their schedules vary from week to week in an unpredictable way, those schedules conflict with one another. Then the whole jigsaw puzzle of work falls apart, threatening to keep them from earning enough to provide for their families.
Businesses are always trying to find ways to increase efficiency, to maximize profit, and reduce waste, which is good for our economy. But creating instability in the lives of the people who keep their doors open is bad for their bottom line, bad for our economy, and bad for children who need the stability of parents' predictable schedules. There are other ways.
San Francisco is a tight labor market with a higher-than average minimum wage. Yet, a number of employers presented information to our predictability task force, showing that this was doable and that, in fact, they already instituted these best practices and were thriving. Bi-Rite , a San Francisco creamery and grocer, posts its schedules two weeks in advance, and gives employees at least five-days notice if any changes come up. Zazie , a popular restaurant, provides workers with core schedules for the entirety of their employment. And national employer Costco demonstrates its commitment to quality, full-time jobs by providing opportunities for part-time employees to gain more hours, cross train, and transition to full-time status when there is availability. That is its policy for all of its stores, not just those in the Bay Area.
These are only a few examples of many businesses -- big and small -- that provide good predictable scheduling practices. They demonstrate that it is possible to profit and thrive while providing stability to employees.
The input of these and many other businesses, and of the California Work and Family Coalition , contributed to the San Francisco Ordinance, introduced this week by Supervisor David Chiu that will improve the predictability of workers' lives. And it will be feasible for employers to implement.
In San Francisco and throughout the country, this will not be the end of the conversation, however. Some employers face real constraints that make predictable scheduling very challenging. It is easy to understand how we got to this point. But the costs of an unpredictable schedule - for a family's emotional and economic well-being -- are too high to ignore.
Supervisor David Chiu represents San Francisco's District 3 on the County Board of Supervisors.
Follow Ann O'Leary on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Ann_Oleary
More:

Argentinas central bank chief quitsArgentina’s central bank chief quits
By Benedict Mander in Buenos Aires
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9471156e-49bf-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

MF Assets Rise to Record-high of Rs. 10.6 Lakh Crore in Q2Why Hindalco, Sesa Sterlite Have Jumped Over 3%
New Delhi: Improved market sentiments helped mutual funds' assets under management (AUM) soar 7.2 per cent to a record-high of Rs 10.6 lakh crore in the second quarter of the current fiscal.
The country's 45 fund houses together had an average AUM of Rs 10.58 lakh crore during July-September quarter of 2014-15, up from Rs 9.87 lakh crore in the preceding three months, thus, registering a gain of over Rs 71,000 crore, or 7.2 per cent, says the latest data available with Association of Mutual Funds in India (AMFI).
The AUMs had crossed Rs 10 lakh crore-mark for the first time in May, when the markets went up after the General Elections result.
Industry experts said the quarterly rise in AUM is largely on account of gains in equity markets. Besides, retail participation in equity schemes has increased significantly during the recent months.
HDFC Mutual Fund (MF) has retained its top position with an average AUM of Rs 1.41 lakh crore, a surge in asset base by about nine per cent, while ICICI Prudential MF saw its asset base grow by eight per cent to Rs 1.27 lakh crore during the period.
In the top league, HDFC MF and ICICI Pru are followed by Reliance MF (Rs 1.22 lakh crore) Birla Sunlife (Rs 1.02 lakh crore) and UTI MF (Rs 83,250 crore) in terms of average AUM in the first quarter of 2014-15.
Mutual fund is an investment vehicle that is made up of a pool of funds collected from many investors for the purpose of investing in securities such as stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
Story first published on: October 02, 2014 14:28 (IST)

Godrej Consumer to Acquire 100 Per Cent Stake of Darling Group in GhanaYou are here: Home Corporates
Godrej Consumer to Acquire 100 Per Cent Stake of Darling Group in Ghana
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 01, 2014 23:09 (IST)
Royal Enfield on Expansion Mode, to Set Up Third Plant
New Delhi: Godrej Consumer Products (GCPL) on Wednesday said it would fully acquire the hair extensions business of the Darling Group in Ghana.
The company informed the BSE it "has entered into an agreement with the Darling Group for acquisition of 100 per cent stake in the hair extensions business in Ghana".
GCPL had in February 2014 completed the acquisition of 100 per cent stake in Darling Nigeria.
"With this acquisition, GCPL will own 100 per cent of the hair extensions businesses of both Nigeria and Ghana in West Africa," GCPL noted.
In June 2011, GCPL had acquired a 51 per cent stake in African hair care company Darling Group Holdings for an undisclosed amount.
Darling Group Holdings operates in 14 countries across Africa selling hair extension products under brand names like 'Darling' and 'Amigos'.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 23:00 (IST)

Swachh Bharat : Tendulkar  Priyanka  Aamir accept PM Modi s invite | CoverageAamir
(Prime Minister Narendra…)
NEW DELHI: Accepting Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Swachh Bharat' invitation, prominent personalities like Sachin Tendulkar, Baba Ramdev and Priyanka Chopra gave a thumbs-up to the idea of a 'Clean India'.
Cricketer Sachin Tendulkar posted a small video on his official Facebook page saying, "It's a great idea for our country to do a clean-up act. I humbly accept Narendra Modi ji's challenge." He also tweeted about accepting the challenge.
I humbly accept the challenge ... https://t.co/eGw712nT7z
— sachin tendulkar (@sachin_rt) October 2, 2014
Actress Priyanka Chopra acknowledged that 'every action we take will be important'. "I humbly accept respected Prime Minster Narendra Modiji's challenge. This is an idea that is long overdue," Chopra tweeted. "If we dont get involved & support this campaign, nothing can happen. But if we come together we can make a difference," she said.
If we dont get involved & support this campaign, nothing can happen. But if we come together we can make a difference. #CleanIndiaCampaign
Actor Aamir Khan, who shared the stage with PM Modi at the launch of 'Swachh Bharat' mission, also tweeted, "Sirf ek kadam...", with a picture of the campaign's logo.
Sirf ek kadam... pic.twitter.com/vbA8xE4bLd
— Aamir Khan (@aamir_khan) October 2, 2014
(PM Narendra Modi with actor Aamir Khan at a walkathon after the launch of the nationwide cleanliness campaign, the 'Swachh Bharat Mission' at Rajpath. PTI)
Baba Ramdev tweeted, "#MyIdeaofSwachhBharat is #CleanIndia on roads, sanitation for all and every citizen with swachh and spiritually pious heart."
#MyIdeaofSwachhBharat is #CleanIndia on roads, sanitation for all and every citizen with swachh and spiritually pious heart
— Swami Ramdev (@yogrishiramdev) October 2, 2014
In his bid to make 'Swachh Bharat' a people's movement, Modi initiated a chain by inviting nine eminent personalities including cricket icon Sachin Tendulkar, Congress leader Shashi Tharoor, industrialist Anil Ambani along with several actors to spread awareness on cleanliness.
The Internet-savvy Prime Minister appeared inspired by the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge, which had gone viral in recent months, as he asked the celebrities to nominate nine more people to join the campaign and hoped that the chain would continue.
Among those nominated by the PM are film actors Salman Khan, Priyanka Chopra and Kamal Hassan, industrialist Anil Ambani, Goa Governor Mridula Sinha and Congress leader Shashi Tharoor, yoga guru Ramdev and the team of TV serial "Tarak Mehta Ka Ulta Chashma".
Earlier, the Prime Minister wielded the broom himself by sweeping clean a pavement in Valmiki Basti, a colony of sanitation workers. Seeing dirt at the Mandir Marg police station on his way to the " Swachh Bharat " mission launch at India Gate, he stopped and cleaned it himself and directed the cops present there to complete the task.
(Prime Minister Narendra Modi wields the broom during a surprise visit to the Mandir Marg Police Station after launch of 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan' in New Delhi on Thursday. PTI)
(With inputs from PTI)

Subramaminum as Economic Advisor PM Nod Awaited: ReportSubramaminum as Economic Advisor PM Nod Awaited: Report
OCA reinstates Sarita Devi s bronze after a hearingOCA reinstates Sarita Devi s bronze after a hearing
AIADMK  other outfits intensify protests over Jayalalithaa convictionMembers of Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation sit on a hunger strike protesting agaginst AIADMK chief J Jayalalitha's conviction in a disproportionate assets case. (source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: October 2, 2014 4:51 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 4:56 pm
Protests by supporters of ruling AIADMK and several other outfits, including party affiliated trade unions intensified across the state against the conviction of Jayalalithaa in the disproportionate assets case, seeking her early release.
Fasts and demonstrations continued for the sixth consecutive day all over Tamil Nadu and special prayers were also held in places of worship.
No untoward incidents were reported from anywhere in the state, police said.
Most towns and semi-urban regions in Tamil Nadu were awash with posters and banners released by party MPs, state ministers and MLAs asking “Punishment for the angel of justice? Dharma will triumph eventually.”
At demonstrations, speakers said Jayalalitha had secured justice for Tamil Nadu on the Cauvery issue and now was jailed in Karnataka.
Thani Tamilar Sena, in a huge poster, alluded to the ‘silence’ of DMK chief Karunanidhi on the judgment against the AIADMK chief and demanded to know if there was a collusion of “anti-Tamil” forces on the issue.
CPI(M), PMK and DMDK in press releases condemned the protests against the conviction.
On September 27 a special court in Bangalore had sentenced Jayalalithaa to four years in jail and slapped a fine of Rs 100 crore in the Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate asset case.

Felicia Middlebrooks celebrates 30 years as co-anchor at...3
Middlebrooks worked her way through Purdue University at a steel mill, with assorted northwest Indiana radio gigs on the side, earning a bachelor’s degree in mass communications. In 1982, she was hired as an intern at CBS-owned WBBM-Ch.2, where she answered phones before becoming a desk assistant. She added freelance reporter duties for WBBM-AM in 1983, and a year later was named morning news co-anchor at the station.
Hiring a 27-year-old African-American woman to co-anchor morning drive on a network-owned news radio station was a bold move,  at least in 1984. It has certainly paid off, with Middlebrooks and her various partners delivering stellar results over three decades. In the most recent Nielsen audience ratings for Chicago, WBBM was the top-ranked station in mornings with an 8.1 share.
The Tribune sat down with Middlebrooks for a question-and-answer session. What follows is an edited transcript.
Q: You wake up every morning at 2:30 a.m. How much sleep do you get? 
A:  I generally operate on very little sleep — on average, maybe four or five hours a night, which is not good, but for me it works. As I’m getting older now I’m realizing that I need to get more sleep.
Q: It took you seven years to work your way through college, and you had worked at four radio stations by the time you were 24. What kept you going? 
A: I just thought if I keep driving at it, I’m going to be a terrific journalist someday. I didn’t know how it was going to happen, but my parents didn’t teach me to give up, otherwise I would have, because it was really difficult.
Q:  Did you see yourself as something of a pioneer when you were installed as morning drive co-anchor at WBBM? 
A:  I got this opportunity of a lifetime and I guess I was an accidental trailblazer. I was the first woman and the first person of color to co-anchor and it was tough, because I was doing it in an era when women were not supposed to be in morning drive.
Q: Did that add to the pressure to succeed?
A: It was a heavy burden for someone of that age. I was 27 and I don’t think I realized the gravity of what had happened to me. It was significant because I could not fail. If I failed, then that would say to my superiors, we gave a woman a chance, we gave a minority a chance, and they couldn’t cut it. So I was not about to let that happen. I had to be successful — I could not fail.
Q: What motivates you to keep working at it?   
A: I love what I do, I work with extraordinarily talented people. I believe iron sharpens iron, and so it makes me better. I just get up every morning with purpose. It’s a very necessary service ... just making sure people are armed with the information they need so they can make informed, intelligent decisions about their lives.
Q: What is the hardest part of doing morning drive radio for 30 years?
A: I think just waking up is the hardest part. That’s the challenge — to get going. Because once you’re there, I get this rush every morning. I come in there ready to roll. There’s a sense of obligation and purpose, and you know there are people waiting on you to help them start their morning.
rchannick@tribune.com

The Dark Side of TechtopiaTony Hsieh, founder and CEO of Zappos.
Photo by Charley Gallay/Getty Images for CinemaCon
Silicon Valley has a lot of odd characters, but Tony Hsieh, the founder and chief executive of Zappos, is among its oddest. He's considered to be both introverted and intensely charismatic. He shies away from the media spotlight but allows elaborate tours of his personal quarters. He built Zappos to more than $2 billion in annual sales, then nixed all job titles and managers in favor of a radical "self-governing" structure known as "holacracy." And he's spent two years and hundreds of millions of dollars on remaking Las Vegas according to his lofty techtopian vision.
That last effort—the Downtown Project —has been the subject of several media reports , most recently an in-depth series by Re/code. So it came as a bit of a surprise when Re/code interrupted the slew of longform coverage to report, along with Nevada's KNPR News, that Tony Hsieh had handed off leadership of the project to his lawyer and that 30 percent or more of the project's staff was being laid off. Sources told Re/code that new businesses brought in by Downtown Project were "bleeding money" and that the revitalization "seems like it's being run by kids." One source criticized Hsieh for hiring family members and "drinking buddies."
Advertisement
The latest installment in the series makes some far more sinister insinuations. Between April 2013 and May 2014, three prominent members of the 300-person Downtown Project entrepreneur community committed suicide. Hsieh, author of Delivering Happiness , "seemed to work hard to keep each suicide quiet." Grief resources were largely unavailable. Communitywide cathartic gatherings did not take place. Asked about the events by Re/code's Nellie Bowles, Hsieh gave this response: "Suicides happen anywhere. Look at the stats."
If there's a dark side of techtopia—of the arrogant-bordering-on-delusional notion that a multimillion dollar investment and a happiness manifesto can remake a struggling city—this is it. "There is a danger of happiness as a goal," one anonymous entrepreneur told Re/code . "It's lonely. There's a pressure to socialize and go out. There's a pressure to party." The notion that simply trying to make people happy—especially those who are not—can be unwise is hardly a radical one. In his article " The Pursuit of Happiness ," Andrew Solomon writes the following:
While being optimistic reduces stress, trying to be optimistic can increase it. The notion that positive thinking is correlated with good health puts enormous pressure on people to cleave to beliefs that they don’t actually trust. Someone develops cancer, and everyone around her tries to encourage her good moods and reprimands her when she is weepy or negative. It makes for a terrible sense of failure. And if she tries to be positive and gets sicker anyway, the tendency is for her to feel guilty, somehow culpable for the degeneration.
It should be telling, then, that one of the people Hsieh reportedly hired as part of a suicide response was Mark Rowland, a career coach who goes by the title of the "Happy Cheerleader." Or that when Factorli—the project of an entrepreneur who followed Hsieh to Las Vegas as if he were the Pied Piper—began to flail, the Downtown Project team lost interest and killed it off . And that Hsieh, for his part, said he was not involved with Factorli and told Bowles he could not answer questions about it.
It's too soon to tell if the Downtown Project was a legitimate venture or the egomaniacal whim of a wealthy technocrat. But the sixth installment in Re/code's series is a dark and deeply disconcerting reminder that "delivering happiness" to a real community is not so easily distilled into a 272-page book .
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.

India s forex down $2.43 bn in SeptemberIndia s forex down $2.43 bn in September
Christian boy- Hindu girl marriage ends inseparationPrint
Written by Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal | Posted: October 2, 2014 6:21 pm
The campaign against alleged `love jihad’ conspiracy has taken its toll on a marriage involving a Christian boy and a Hindu girl in Jobat town of tribal-dominated Alirajpur district in Madhya Pradesh.
Joseph Pawar and Ayushi Wani who eloped and married in an Arya Samaj temple in Bhopal four days ago were traced by the police to Pawagarh in Gujarat after Hindu Jagaran Manch (HJM) and other right-wing organizations threatened to launch a massive agitation.
The town observed a complete bandh on Wednesday the day the superintendent of police met the two families separately in his office as hundreds of right-wing activists assembled in the premises.
Ayushi, 19, told Alirajpur SP Akhilesh Jha that she loved Josesh, a nursing college student and that she went with him on her own. She refused to return to her parents and was later sent to Nari Niketan in Ujjain.
The activists wanted Joseph booked for luring Ayushi into marriage but the police said no case could be made against him because she was a major and gave a statement that she loved him. Joseph was escorted to Indore under police protection after the police told him that he would not be safe given that tempers were running high.
The police declared the marriage invalid saying Joseph is not a Hindu and that he will have to convert to Hinduism by following the procedure laid in the Freedom of Religion Act, which says the potential convert and those presiding over the ceremony should notify the district magistrate a month in advance.
Jha told The Indian Express that he did what appeared best in the circumstances given that 300-400 activists had gheraoed his office and the threat of arson and damage to government property was looming large. “There are some plus and minus points when an administrator takes a decision in such matters.’’
Joseph tried to argue that the marriage in Arya Samaj temple was done following Hindu rituals.
Ayushi’s family had filed a complaint on September 26 when she did not return home from college. Hindu activists threatened to take to the streets when it was revealed that she had eloped with a Christian boy and gave the police time till September 30 to trace and bring the couple back to Jobat.
The police claimed they used their network to find that after the marriage on September 28 the couple went to Pavagarh from where the two were brought to Jobat on October 1.
The SP said situation had returned to normal on Thursday but that it was not safe for Joseph to return. “It’s possible that he could apply for converting his faith,’’ he said.

Christian boy- Hindu girl marriage ends in separationPrint
Written by Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal | Posted: October 2, 2014 6:21 pm
The campaign against alleged `love jihad’ conspiracy has taken its toll on a marriage involving a Christian boy and a Hindu girl in Jobat town of tribal-dominated Alirajpur district in Madhya Pradesh.
Joseph Pawar and Ayushi Wani who eloped and married in an Arya Samaj temple in Bhopal four days ago were traced by the police to Pawagarh in Gujarat after Hindu Jagaran Manch (HJM) and other right-wing organizations threatened to launch a massive agitation.
The town observed a complete bandh on Wednesday the day the superintendent of police met the two families separately in his office as hundreds of right-wing activists assembled in the premises.
Ayushi, 19, told Alirajpur SP Akhilesh Jha that she loved Josesh, a nursing college student and that she went with him on her own. She refused to return to her parents and was later sent to Nari Niketan in Ujjain.
The activists wanted Joseph booked for luring Ayushi into marriage but the police said no case could be made against him because she was a major and gave a statement that she loved him. Joseph was escorted to Indore under police protection after the police told him that he would not be safe given that tempers were running high.
The police declared the marriage invalid saying Joseph is not a Hindu and that he will have to convert to Hinduism by following the procedure laid in the Freedom of Religion Act, which says the potential convert and those presiding over the ceremony should notify the district magistrate a month in advance.
Jha told The Indian Express that he did what appeared best in the circumstances given that 300-400 activists had gheraoed his office and the threat of arson and damage to government property was looming large. “There are some plus and minus points when an administrator takes a decision in such matters.’’
Joseph tried to argue that the marriage in Arya Samaj temple was done following Hindu rituals.
Ayushi’s family had filed a complaint on September 26 when she did not return home from college. Hindu activists threatened to take to the streets when it was revealed that she had eloped with a Christian boy and gave the police time till September 30 to trace and bring the couple back to Jobat.
The police claimed they used their network to find that after the marriage on September 28 the couple went to Pavagarh from where the two were brought to Jobat on October 1.
The SP said situation had returned to normal on Thursday but that it was not safe for Joseph to return. “It’s possible that he could apply for converting his faith,’’ he said.

Official: 80 people may have had contact with the Texas Ebola patientBy Abby Phillip October 2 Follow @abbydphillip
Texas Gov. Rick Perry said some “school-aged children” had contact with the first patient to be diagnosed with Ebola in the United States. (Reuters)
Texas health officials said Thursday that there are "about 100" people who may have had contact with Thomas Eric Duncan, the man who is being treated in a Dallas-area hospital for Ebola .
"We are working from a list of about 100 potential or possible contacts and will soon have an official contact tracing number that will be lower," Texas Department of State Health Services spokeswoman Carrie Williams said in a statement. "Out of an abundance of caution, we're starting with this very wide net, including people who have had even brief encounters with the patient or the patient's home. The number will drop as we focus in on those whose contact may represent a potential risk of infection."
The family that hosted Ebola patient Thomas Eric Duncan could be confined for three weeks. Health officials are reaching out to as many as 100 people who may have had contact with Duncan or someone who knows him. (AP)
Dallas County Health and Human Services Director Zachary Thompson said that these people are not being watched or monitored and are not showing any symptoms of the illness. Only the immediate family members of the victim are being regularly monitored for Ebola symptoms; they've been ordered to stay at home  and avoid contact with others.
On Wednesday, Texas officials initially said that they believed the man had contact with 12 to 18 people, including five children who attended four different schools in the Dallas area.
"Now the number has increased in terms of number of contacts," Thompson said in a phone interview. "The only [people] closely monitored at this point are the family members."
On Wednesday night, Duncan's family members received an order requiring them to stay home and comply with blood tests for the duration of the virus's potential 21-day incubation period.
Thompson said that the control order was necessary "to ensure compliance."

Tribune Media s Gracenote buys Australian TV and movie data providerTribune Media's Gracenote buys Australian TV, movie data provider
Tribune Tower
Tribune headquarters on Michigan Avenue in Chicago.
Tribune headquarters on Michigan Avenue in Chicago. (Tribune photo)
Gracenote, Inc. Tribune Media Apple iTunes
Tribune Media's Gracenote pays $19 million for Australia's HWW
Tribune Media Co.’s Gracenote said Thursday that it has acquired HWW, an Australian provider of television and movie data in a deal worth $19 million.
 
The deal is expected to broaden Gracenote’s international reach in the Australian TV and digital entertainment market, a move that positions it for growth throughout the Asia-Pacific region, the company said. The acquisition also will allow Gracenote, a Tribune Media subsidiary, to provide TV listings and show more data for more than 55 countries across six continents.
 
Founded in 1974, HWW is known as the leading TV and movie metadata provider in Australia, according to Gracenote.
 
Tribune Co., which spun off its newspaper business in August and is now known as Tribune Media Co., has been busy planning its global expansion into the growing metadata market.
 
In February, the former Tribune Digital Ventures acquired Gracenote from Sony Corp. of America for $170 million. Gracenote is best known for providing information on music tracks for Apple’s iTunes and other digital applications.
 
In July, the company expanded into India, the Middle East and parts of Asia, buying What’s-ON, a TV data provider. 
 
Last month, Gracenote picked up film and TV information website Baseline for $50 million. 
 
“We will absolutely be continuing to expand internationally,” said John Batter, chief executive officer of Gracenote. “In some cases it makes sense for us to build and expand organically and in some cases it makes sense for us to acquire somebody who is the local market incumbent like HWW.”

These might be the only bankers who think executive bonuses are too highOne skill that's scarce at the World Bank? Employee relations. (Reuters/Gary Cameron)
SHARE
Tim Fernholz @timfernholz
October 2, 2014
Not many bankers complain about executive compensation being too high—and even fewer contemplate a brief strike to warn the powers that be of their objections.
But the World Bank isn’t your typical finance institution, and ahead of next week’s annual meeting of the bank and its sister institution, the International Monetary Fund, staffers are up in arms over a bonus —excuse me, a “scare skills premium”—paid to the bank’s CFO. Employees are considering a 15-minute work stoppage this morning to express their displeasure with management, and in particular with World Bank president Jim Yong Kim.
Kim, an American, took over the World Bank in 2012 and has been leading the organization through a complicated evolution. Many of the development bank’s traditional customers are the emerging markets who have grown so rapidly in recent years that they no longer need to rely on subsidized loans, turning instead to direct private investment or the capital markets. Kim has been tasked with re-tooling the organization  to be more focused on technical expertise and reducing extreme poverty.
But any institution cutting its budget by $400 million (and its ranks by 1,000 employees, roughly one in 10) is going to generate some discontent. That’s the context in which  the $94,000 bonus to CFO Bertrand Barde, a French banker, rankled workers. At the same time, Kim has also been criticized for letting experienced employees leave the bank as it refocuses its mission; this kind of bonus is likely important in retaining top talent.
Even outside critics of Kim’s administration may see this conflict as a sign that reform hasn’t gone far enough inside the organization; the new president has neither eliminated waste nor won over its rank and file to get on board with the goal of more efficiency. That would be a shame: Even with fewer massive development loans to fund, there is still plenty of vital development work to be done for an institution with the resources of the World Bank.
Share this:

Mahindra Holidays to invest Rs 500 cr for expansionHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Mahindra Holidays to invest Rs 500 cr for expansion
PTI
To add 500 rooms this fiscal
Panaji, Oct 2:  
Mahindra Holidays, which owns 42 Club Mahindra brand of timeshare resorts across the country and four overseas, will be spending Rs 500 crore to add 500 rooms to its existing 2,700 capacity this fiscal, apart from looking at entering more foreign destinations.
"We have a capex plan of Rs 500 crore this fiscal and have already spent around Rs 170 crore. The funds will be used to add around 500 more units," Mahindra Holidays Chairman Arun Nanda told PTI here.
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts is also studying more overseas destinations as part of the expansion plan. "We are keen on Sri Lanka and Malaysia," he said.
Nanda said that as part of the expansion plan, the company just bought a 60-room property in Manali. It had also recently bought an 18 per cent stake for €13.5 million in the Finnish timeshare company Holiday Club, which is the largest timeshare operator in Europe.
The Mahindras are keen to avail of the option to pick up another 18 per cent in the Finnish company, which has 34 properties across Finland (26), Spain (6) and Sweden (2), over the next two years, Nanda added.
The publicly-traded Mahindra Holidays (shares closed 0.52 per cent down on the BSE on Tuesday at Rs 285.90) is the largest player in the sector with 2,700 rooms. It had a net income of Rs 100 crore last fiscal on a revenue of Rs 900 crore.
As part of the expansion plan, the company will be adding 175 rooms in Goa to the existing 325 rooms and nearly 100 more in Kerala to its existing 450 rooms. Kerala, which is its largest market, will see investment of a little over Rs 100 crore this fiscal, Nanda said.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Fuel cos absorbed Rs 26.6k cr losses in 5 yr...Fuel companies absorbed Rs 26,600 crore losses on sales in 5 years: Oil Ministry
PTI Oct 2, 2014, 06.52PM IST
(Comptroller and Auditor…)
NEW DELHI: With CAG castigating state-owned fuel retailers for overcharging customers by Rs 26,626 crore over 5 years, Oil Ministry has defended the PSUs saying they had absorbed Rs 28,680 crore in losses on fuel sales during that period.
The Comptroller and Auditor General of India in its latest report stated that Indian Oil Corp, Hindustan Petroleum Corp and Bharat Petroleum Corp overcharged customers by Rs 26,626 crore from 2007-08 to 2011-12 by charging notional levies like customs duty on fuel they sold.
In comments on CAG observation, the ministry defended the pricing methodology followed by the oil marketing companies (OMCs) of calculating the desired retail price in a manner as if the product was imported - adding customs duty, freight, insurance, ocean loss and wharfage charge to prevailing international price of petrol, diesel, LPG or kerosene.
This they do because they import nearly 80 per cent of their raw material (crude oil) need and pay import parity price for the oil they buy from domestic producers, official sources said.
The retail price for diesel, LPG and kerosene has always been lower than cost and the difference has been met through subsidy support.
"As against the stated benefit of Rs 26,626 crore, OMCs were asked to bear the under-recoveries amounting to Rs 28,680 crore during the same period from 2007-12. Hence, no undue benefit was available to OMCs in the existing pricing mechanism," a source said.
Refining is a cyclical industry characterised by very volatile prices. Providing some level of protection and thereby adequate refining margins is necessary for encouraging investment in expansion, and more importantly in modernisation of domestic refineries. Failure on this front can impede our quest for energy security.
Also, the profit margins of OMCs are only around 1 per cent of their total turnover which are the lowest as compared to the global peers -- 10 per cent of Exxon Mobil, 11.2 per cent of Chevron and 7.6 per cent of Brazil's Petrobras.
Similarly, as compared to the profit margin of their PSU peers in energy sector -- NTPC (17.5 per cent), Coal India (21.9 per cent) and ONGC (26.5% per cent), the profit margin of OMCs are negligible, they said.
Sources said during 2007-08, 2008-09 studies were conducted by the Cost Accounts Branch of Department of Expenditure, in Ministry of Finance to work out the amount of under-recoveries of the OMCs under the current methodology and actual refinery cost method.
Similar study was also conducted for the period April- September 2010 and 2011-12. Only small differences were observed in the under-recovery amount worked out kinder both the mechanisms, they said.
Currently, there is no customs duty on crude oil while a 2.5 per cent import duty is charged on inward shipment of petrol and diesel. During post part of the audit period, crude oil attracted a 5 per cent customs duty, while a 7.5 per cent import duty was levied on products.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ambani dedicates himself to Swachh Bharat mo...Anil Ambani
("I am honoured to be…)
NEW DELHI: As top executives picked up brooms on Prime Minister Narendra Modi's call to rid the country of litter and rubbish, Reliance Group Chairman Anil Ambani today said he is dedicating himself to the movement.
Ambani is among the nine eminent personalities picked up by Modi to propagate his Swachh Bharat campaign. The others include cricketing icon Sachin Tendulkar , film stars Salman Khan , Priyanka Chopra and Kamal Hassan, Yoga guru Ramdev and Congress leader Sashi Tharoor.
"I am honoured to be invited by our respected Prime Minister Shri Narendrabhai Modi to join the "Swachh Bharat Abhiyan."
"I dedicate myself to this movement and will invite nine other leading Indians to join me in the "Clean India" campaign," Ambani said in a statement.
Modi is using Gandhi Jayanti, the birthday of Mahatma Gandhi , to start accelerate his cleanliness drive and has ordered ministers to sweep areas clean.
FEATURED ARTICLES

German Insurer Allianz Appoints New CEOAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

US Stocks Stabilize After Plunge; McCormick GainsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Prince William warns paparazzi against  harassing  GeorgePrince William warns paparazzi against 'harassing' George
Reuters
print
Britain's Prince William has warned two photographers against trailing his baby son George during walks in London parks with his nanny, saying their behaviour amounted to 'harassment'.
Lawyers acting for William, second-in-line to the throne, and his pregnant wife Kate, have written to the freelance photographers asking them to stop following George, William's office said.
It came after an incident in a central London park last week when one individual was spotted near George and his nanny. "They are obviously concerned," a spokesman for the royal couple said.
He added the men had "over a period of time established a pattern of behaviour that we think amounts to harassment of Prince George and of his nanny".
"It's more the fundamental weirdness of two grown men following a 14-month-old baby around London that we're concerned about," the spokesman added.
The issue of harassment by the paparazzi is particularly sensitive for William whose mother Princess Diana was killed with her lover Dodi al-Fayed in Paris in 1997 when her limousine crashed into the wall of a tunnel as they tried to flee a posse of chasing photographers.
He has been determined to protect his family from the press. George was born to a global media frenzy in July last year but has spent most of his life since then out of the spotlight, with only a handful of public appearances.
"They want Prince George to lead as ordinary a life as possible as a child and he obviously can't do that if people are going to parks where children play and taking pictures of him," the spokesman said.
He said they believed some pictures of George had appeared in European publications but not in Britain, where the press has exercised greater restraint since Diana's death.
However, the royals complained about harassment of Kate before the couple married in 2011.
A year after their wedding, European magazines printed topless pictures of Kate taken while she was on holiday in France.

US Stocks Fluctuate After ECB President CommentsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Volvo: autopilot would end text dangerAutopilots needed for tweeting drivers
By Andy Sharman and Hugh Carnegy in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d52b5210-4a35-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Aereo s not dead: FCC may reclassify Web TV asDaniel Wroclawski
October 02, 2014
Yes, the little internet TV service that was shut down by a Supreme Court decision earlier this year may yet live on.
According to industry journal Multichannel News , the FCC is looking into changing the rules for over-the-top (OTT) services like Aereo, giving them "FCC-enforced access" to carry regular TV channels. This would effectively provide them with the same status as traditional cable and satellite companies, but also require them to pay retransmission fees and honor exclusivity rights.
Such a change would pave the way for Aereo's return, albeit at what would likely be a higher price point.
Such a change would pave the way for Aereo's return, albeit at what would likely be a higher price point.
According to a recent, tentative ruling by the FCC, content providers must own the infrastructure that delivers their services in order to earn FCC-endorsed access. This arrangement naturally excludes web TV companies, which don't own your internet connection.
Now, the FCC is debating amending that requirement—a move that would radically change the web TV landscape. Broadcasters and cable companies haven't yet weighed in on the proposed change, but in the past the National Cable & Telecommunications Association has argued in favor of the "transmission path" requirement.
In case you're wondering, such a change would not affect your Netflix subscription. The proposed rule change would only apply to internet TV services that offer pre-programmed content—not on-demand video.
If the FCC goes through with this rule change, it will certainly give Aereo a leg up in its attempts to return to service, potentially allowing the startup to finally get a live streaming license . But its revival also depends on whether it can make amends with the broadcasters it took to the Supreme Court.

Walgreen partnership awards discounts for exercise0
Walgreen's rewards card traditionally gives customers points for what they buy, which can be redeemed for cash off subsequent purchases.
“Walgreens rewards points become the incentive gauge to have them use (the app) more,” said WebMD CEO David Schlanger. “They now have this financial incentive to engage in these healthy behaviors.”
WebMD, best known for helping people identify mysterious ailments online, logs 64 million unique visitors each month. Walgreen Co. will have 12,400 drugstores in 14 countries once its merger with European counterpart Alliance Boots GmbH closes early next year.
In addition, WebMD provides online health coaching to people under contracts with their employers or insurance plans. The Walgreen pact will open that specialized content that helps people quit smoking, lose weight and eat healthy to the masses – at least anyone with a rewards card and an iPhone.
The hope is that the combination of two “trusted brands,” Walgreen President Alex Gourlay said, will drive more loyalty members at Walgreens stores and grow WebMD's presence.
Gourlay said the integration meets customers' increasing desire to be digitally connected.
“We want our stores to remain popular, but we want to give customers access on their terms,” Gourlay said. “The whole idea of happy and healthy is to provide the right solutions in the area of health care in a way that gives them the best advice and the best information. ... This is right in the sweet spot of happy and healthy.”
Walgreen will integrate some of WebMD's health advice, on topics such as allergies, skin care, healthy aging and heart health, in its stores and on its website and apps. WebMD will make available on its website Walgreens' online prescription refills and health care clinic appointment scheduling, but Walgreen said it won't be sharing actual prescription information with WebMD.
“The lines will be blurred even more when we start taking the WebMD coaching capability and integrating it into Walgreens' digital experience,” Schlanger said. “We have many of the same customers. The same people going to WebMD are going into Walgreens stores to fill prescriptions. ... The most important thing about this business relationship is to give them more services to improve their care.”
ehirst@tribune.com

2015 Honda CR-V gets major updates to keep crossover crown2015 Honda CR-V gets improved power, torque and fuel economy, making the best-selling CUV have the best MPG.
America's best-selling crossover gets a major update, making the 2015 Honda CR-V the most fuel-efficient CUV.
2015 Honda CR-V gets major updates to powerplant, fuel economy, inside and out, all for $200 more.
Since 2004, Honda has sold more than 2.3 million of its easy-going CR-V sport utility vehicle, and most of those years--including this one--it's been the top-selling crossover in the U.S.
The current generation, introduced in 2012, has averaged 300,000 sales a year. While not a standout in any particular area, the CR-V does everything well, which has helped it weather competition from all-new versions of the Toyota RAV4, Nissan Rogue, and Ford Escape.
It’s also benefited from a recent shift in buyer’s habits: 2014 marked the first time that crossovers and SUVs were the most popular style of vehicle , trumping even the trusty family sedan.
Caption 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe
Lexus
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever...
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever... (Lexus)
Caption 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe
Lexus
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever...
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever... (Lexus)
Caption 2015 Subaru WRX
Chicago Tribune, Robert Duffer
The redesigned 2015 Subaru WRX rally-inspired all-wheel-drive compact sedan with the wide body and the distinctive hood scoop remains the best total package for space and sport under $30,000.
The redesigned 2015 Subaru WRX rally-inspired all-wheel-drive compact sedan with the wide body and the distinctive hood scoop remains the best total package for space and sport under $30,000. (Chicago Tribune, Robert Duffer)

Israel complains to UN chief over Gaza probeNearly 2,200 Palestinians, mostly civilians, were killed along with 73 on the Israeli side, most of them soldiers. (Source: AP photo)
Agence-France Presse | Jerusalem | Posted: October 1, 2014 4:54 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 5:05 pm
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has complained to UN chief Ban Ki-moon that a probe  by the world body into the Gaza war is one-sided, his foreign ministry said today.
At a meeting with Ban yesterday in New York, Netanyahu charged that the UN Human Rights Council “is not focusing its inquiry on Hamas, which used UN facilities in order to fire at Israel,” a ministry statement said.
Israel has accused Hamas of firing rockets from densely- populated civilian areas during the war and from UN schools, and the army released videos it says proves such claims.
The UN itself condemned Gaza militants for storing rockets in a school early in the 50-day conflict, which ended with an August 26 ceasefire.
Israeli shelling hit several UN schools sheltering displaced Palestinians, killing scores of people.
Israel claimed militants had directed rocket fire from the area, but its strikes were denounced by the world body.
Netanyahu said the UN’s conduct towards Israel was “disproportionate” and insisted that his country “did not direct its attacks against civilians.”
The commission probing Israel’s Gaza offensive has said it is also investigating Hamas’s actions in the war.
Nearly 2,200 Palestinians, mostly civilians, were killed along with 73 on the Israeli side, most of them soldiers.
UNHRC spokesman Rolando Gomez told AFP in August that both Israel and Hamas “will be subjected to a thorough investigation.”
Israel has strongly opposed the commission’s probe, the  results of which will be published in March 2015.
According to the UN, Ban told Netanyahu of the “urgent need to address the underlying causes of the crisis, including the need to lift the closure of Gaza,” in reference to the Israeli blockade which has been in place since 2006.
Lifting the blockade is seen as key to consolidating the ceasefire in Gaza.
The UN said Ban had also voiced “deep concern at (Israel’s) continued settlement activity” on Palestinian land, raising a thorny issue which is viewed as illegal by the international community and has repeatedly derailed peace talks with the Palestinians.

Indias gold imports may go up to 75 tonnes per monthUpdated: October 1, 2014 19:37 IST
‘India’s gold imports may go up to 75 tonnes per month’
PTI
economy, business and finance
Gold imports by India, the world’s second-largest user jumped substantially in recent months after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) allowed more banks and traders to buy bullion overseas, widening the nation’s trade deficit to an 11-month high.
The country’s gold imports are likely to rise to about 70-75 tonnes per month against the present average of 50-60 tonnes, a senior industry official said.
“The gold and jewellery trade in the country is now brimming with confidence that gold imports into the country would rise to about 70 to 75 tonnes per month against the present average of 50 to 60 tonnes,” India Bullion & Jewellery Association (IBJA) spokesperson Harmesh Arora said in a statement here.
Gold imports by India, the world’s second-largest user jumped substantially in recent months after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) allowed more banks and traders to buy bullion overseas, widening the nation’s trade deficit to an 11-month high.
The optimism stems from the fact that the trend over the past five years has been encouraging-total demand averaging 800 tonnes per year, and this year will not be an exception, Arora said.
Short-term fluctuations are considered common in this sector, which are determined by the prevailing economic scenario and customer sentiments. Now that festive season is round the corner and with a stable government at the Centre, the next couple of years are predicted to be strong, Arora said.
IBJA is hosting the India International Bullion Summit 2014 on October 4 and 5 in Mumbai. The event will be attended by experts from India and other countries, who will be deliberating on relevant topics such as FDI investment in bullion and jewellery industry, changes needed in gold policy, among others.
Eminent personalities including P R Somsundaram, Managing Director & Alistair Hewitt, Market Intelligence from World Gold Council, Motilal Oswal, Chairman & Managing Director, Motilal Oswal Financial Service Ltd, Surender Kumar Jindal, Director, Jindal Group, and Rajesh Khosla, Managing Director, MMTC-PAMP India Pvt Ltd, will speak on various issues.

RBI unbiased about the way to go on rates: Raghuram Rajaneconomy, business and finance
The Reserve Bank (RBI) is without bias either way about raising or cutting interest rates, while further policy will be contingent on relevant data coming in, Governor Raghuram Rajan said Wednesday.
“Our policy stance today is reasonable and we see no reason to alter it today based on the information we have. As data comes in, we will have a better view and will adjust accordingly,” Rajan said at the post-policy conference call with analysts.
“So, I should not presume that we are either biased towards raising rates or cutting rates at this point,” he added.
Observing that the country is currently positioned to reach the central bank’s inflation target of 6 percent by January 2016, Rajan Tuesday decided to keep the lending rate, or the repo rate, unchanged at 8 percent, while retaining the short-term borrowing, or reverse repo rate, at 7 percent and the cash reserve ratio (CRR) at 4 percent.
“We are currently positioned to reach 6 percent by 2016, given where the rate (inflation) is. Our expectation is that we will reach that target. The (future) policy will be data-contingent,” the monetarist-inclined governor said after announcing the policy review Tuesday.
“If the data come in and say that we are going to miss the 6 percent inflation target, we will have to tighten and if the data say we are going to do better than 6 percent or earlier than January, we will be more accommodative,” he had added.
Consumer price index (CPI)-based retail inflation eased to 7.8 percent in August from 8.59 percent in April. Wholesale price index (WPI) inflation has also eased to 3.74 percent in August from 5.55 percent at the start of the current fiscal.
The RBI has set a target for CPI inflation at 8 percent by January 2015 and 6 percent by January 2016.
“Given the modelling of inflation, which says the expected level by 2016 is 7 percent, the risks are still to the upside,” Rajan told reporters Tuesday.
RBI had first mentioned the upside risks to the 6 percent inflation target at the August policy review.
With food inflation buffeting retail inflation, Rajan said the country should focus on other aspects like cold storage facilities, improving the logistics and finding newer market places for the produce to reduce the seasonal volatility in prices.
On corporates’ overseas debt, Rajan said there was a need for companies to look at hedging from the financial perspective and hedges should not placed like bets assuming a single direction for the currency to move in.

Cameron places a big bet on tax cuts© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a2a143d0-4973-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Techs tax defence is washing awayTechnology’s tax defence is washing away
By John Gapper
The OECD is making faster progress towards fixing the gaps in the system
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4460919e-48b6-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Americas Khorasan puzzleThe curious case of the Khorasan group
By Roula Khalaf
The latest jihadi outfit on the scene appears to fall into the known unknown category
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/075b888a-48b6-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Techs tax defence is washing awayTechnology’s tax defence is washing away
By John Gapper
The OECD is making faster progress towards fixing the gaps in the system
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4460919e-48b6-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chicago Tribune s Greg Burns says market dip is no reason to panicChicago Tribune's Greg Burns says market dip is no reason to panic
Chicago Tribune's Greg Burns says market dip is no reason to panic
Chicago Tribune's Greg Burns says market dip is no reason to panic
Chicago Tribune's Greg Burns says market dip is no reason to panic

Goldilocks And The Three Methodsreddit
Who said that Goldilocks and the Three Bears was only for children?  When it comes to going after large contracts, small businesses need to work together to achieve a size that, as Goldilocks would say, is "just right".  Larger contracts to a small business can appear to be overwhelming.  Goldilocks has given us the answer in that we must find a size that fits the opportunity.  This "just right" size can be achieved by a Joint Venture (JV) or Merger & Acquisition (M&A).  These methods are common among larger businesses; however, small businesses must find the courage in order to move beyond the "sustainment level" to a "thriving level".  Which level do you want?  Each method to achieve that "just right" size has its challenges, however, whether you choose a JV, Merger or Acquisition, the upside of success is exhilarating.
I believe the most effective method in creating a business alliance is a Joint Venture (JV).  A JV is when two or more companies come together to create a third standalone company.   The partnering companies maintain their individual corporate autonomy while owning a share of the new JV.  The JV inherits the capabilities, qualifications, and past performances of the partnering companies.  For small businesses who want to delve into the water and go beyond just a loose teaming arrangement, a JVs is "just right".  A JV allows for businesses to come together and go after a large contract with the capacity of all partners.  For example, a dairy farmer can team with a bottler and a trucking company to offer end to end supply chain services for Milk services to grocery stores.   Together, these three companies offer a total solution.
JVs have many advantages, but I would offer two critical pieces of advice.  First, the JV should create operating guidelines that documents how the JV will function.  This document creates the guideposts for operations, finances, and management.  Secondly, all egos must be "checked" at the door.  When the new JV is formed, a new entity is created and if you want it to be "just right", egos cannot play a part.  Regardless of my new title in the JV, my focus is the success of the JV.  I always say, I want to be a "king-maker" and not always the King.    JVs may not be the right option for some.  Although they are great, each owner also must still focus on their primary business.  If you really want to dive in to the deep-end and find the "just right" solution you may want to try a merger or an acquisition.
The differences between a Merger and an Acquisition is that in a Merger, two companies are truly combining and joining forces, while with an acquisition, one company is purchasing another.   In an acquisition, the company that is being purchased ceases to exist.  Its assets, people, and capabilities become that of the purchasing company.  Small businesses often believe that they do not have the capacity for an acquisition, however, venturing funding and seller financing have provided the means for the transaction.  The beauty of an acquisition is that the acquiring company continues to function as an entity; however, its capacity to perform on much larger contracts is greatly increased.
With a Merger, two companies are combing the same assets, people, and capabilities and the management of the two companies are also often retained.  In contrast, with an acquisition, the owner of the acquired company continues to serve in the new entity.
Both methods can provide a "just right" size for small businesses to come together, but these methods also have two key areas that must  be addressed.  One, people underestimate and do not plan for cultural issues that will arise.  Here you have two small businesses with two cultures coming together to create a new one.  Careful planning and attention must be paid to this factor or it can spoil the "porridge".  Two, often the capacity of the new entity is overestimated.  The new entity is better, but just as any new venture it may take time to optimize the results.
Well, you may ask, why aren't more small businesses moving in this direction?  Great questions.  Two answers:  Fear or complacency.  Becoming a successful business owner of any size is a monumental achievement.  When one finally arrives, the journey may seem too hard to start a new trip. I contend that the same courage it took to get you to be an entrepreneur is the same courage it will take for you to go to the next level via a JV or an M&A. This courage is in each of you reading this article.  If you don't win, it is part of the game.  So pray, get up, move forward, remember the mistakes and start again.  It is what we do!
This article is part of ICIC 's Icons of Industry Growth series, highlighting the fastest-growing businesses located in America's inner cities. Small business owners are invited to join these successful entrepreneurs in Boston on October 15-16th at the Inner City 100 Symposium, a premier management education and networking event featuring leading CEOs and Harvard Business School faculty. Learn more here .
ICIC is the national outreach and selection partner for the Goldman Sachs 10,000 Small Businesses program. Goldman Sachs is a partner of the What Is Working: Small Businesses section.
More:

Sarita Devi faces disciplinary action from AIBASarita Devi faces disciplinary action from AIBA
Anisha Dutta |  Oct 02, 2014 04:50 PM IST
The International Boxing Association on Wednesday opened a  disciplinary case against Indian boxer Sarita Devi for refusing to accept the bronze medal at the the award ceremony during the 17th Asian Games.
 
The Technical Delegate supervisor David B. Francis has submitted a report to the Olympic Council of Asia regarding the case. 
 
While the (Amateur) International Boxing Association (AIBA) has been prompt in invoking its disciplinary action process to review Sarita’s case, it has been at the receiving end of criticism about reviewing complaints against allegedly biased decisions being taken in favour of host South Korea's pugilists. 
 
The decision will be made immediately after the Asian Games, AIBA said in a statement on its website.
ALSO READ:  Anger wells up as Sarita Devi robbed of a gold
 
“The whole incident looked like a well planned scenario by her and her team, and it is regretful to watch a boxer refuse the medal regardless of what happened in the competition," the statement said. 
 
"In this regard, as the Technical Delegate, I had to request Olympic Council of Asia (OCA) to review this incident, so any boxer or athlete in other sports will not follow in her footsteps by respecting the spirit of fair-play and sportsmanship of the Olympic Movement.” 
 
The statement adds that the Indian team did not adhere to the technical rules of the AIBA, which doesn't allow  judges’ decisions to be challenged. The rules only allow protests against a referee’s decision and must be immediately submitted after the bout. 
 
“It was clear that the whole Indian Boxing Team were protesting the AIBA Referees and Judges’ system and management, which was obviously caused by a lack of understanding of the AIBA Technical and AOB Competition Rules, “ the statement reads. 
Update:  Sarita Devi has accepted the bronze medal after meeting IOA officials and contingent's chef de mission Adille Sumariwalla. 

Tatkal ticket prices to go up in select trains within a week: sourcesmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

US lawmaker to display PM Modi s signed Indian map in his officeOct 02, 2014 at 01:06pm IST
US lawmaker to display PM Modi's signed Indian map in his office
20
0
Washington: A top American lawmaker has said he would display a map of India autographed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his office at the US Congress.
"The Prime Minister was kind enough to sign my map of India near the State of Gujarat, where he was Chief Minister, which I plan to proudly display in my Washington, DC office," said Republican Congressman, Peter Roskam, who is also Co-Chair of the Congressional Caucus on India and Indian Americans.
During a tea hosted in honour of the Prime Minister by the House of Representatives Speaker, John Boehner, at the Capitol Hill on Tuesday, Roskam also present to Modi with a painting by his wife, Elizabeth, entitled "Luminary Dome" to commemorate his visit.
"I hope this scene will symbolise the great promise ahead as our two countries work together to achieve a brighter future," said Republican Congressman.
#narendra modi #us #us congress #peter roskam
"I hope this scene will symbolise the great promise ahead as our two countries work together to achieve a brighter future," the Congressman said. "It was an honour to host Prime Minister Modi at the Capitol and discuss ways to expand the US-India relationship on many levels, including defense, education, energy, and trade," Roskam said.
"This strategic partnership is critical to the long-term peace, freedom, and security of both nations in the 21st century," he said in a statement. "I am confident that Prime Minister Modi has the vision, experience, and expertise to lead India to economic prosperity, and I look forward to working with him closely in the coming years," Roskam said.
"I am confident that the strong US-India partnership will remain a vitally important and positive force in achieving that potential in the days ahead," the Congressman said in a letter to the Prime Minister.
3

IOC hits out as Norway pulls Olympic bidIOC hits out as Norway withdraws Winter Olympic bid
By David Crouch in Gothenburg and Roger Blitz in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d8938ffc-4a04-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex declines marginally in the weekly tradeUpdated: October 2, 2014 16:01 IST
Sensex declines marginally in the weekly trade
IANS
economy, business and finance
The Indian equities markets posted marginal losses in the truncated week as profit booking led to volatile trade.
The benchmark Sensex was marginally down by 0.21 percent in the week ended Oct 1 from its previous weekly close on September 26. The index closed at 26,567.99 points, while it had ended trade at 26,626.32 points on September 26.
In the previous week the 30-scrip Sensitive Index had lost 1.71 percent in the week ended September 26 from its previous weekly close on September 19. The index closed at 26,626.32 points, while it had ended trade at 27,090.42 points on September 19.
The week under review saw the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) maintaining key interest rates in its bi-monthly monetary policy.
RBI said that the country is currently positioned to reach the inflation target of six percent by January 2016.
It has retained the economy’s growth projection for current fiscal at 5.5 percent and said the future policy stance will be influenced by the inflation outlook.
The status quo in these key policy rates mean the equated monthly instalments (EMIs) on home, auto and other loans would remain unchanged as these rates determine lending and borrowing rates of the commercial banks.
However, the RBI’s decision did not dampen the markets which had factored in the eventuality of the RBI holding policy rates. In fact, the benchmark index made marginal gains.
The next trigger for the market movement, said analysts would be the inflation and growth data coupled with announcements of quarterly results from July-September period.
The Indian markets will resume trade on Tuesday (Oct 7).
“In the near term, geo-political tensions, economic growth in China and euro-zone will take most of the attention of the market. Quarterly results will start pouring in a couple of weeks and will impact individual stocks,” said Dipen Shah, head of private client group research at Kotak Securities.
Due to negative global and domestic cues the foreign investors went on a selling spree in the three sessions long week.
For the week ended Octocber 1, the FPIs massively sold stocks worth Rs.653.95 crore or $105.29 million, according to data with the National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL).
For the week ended Sep 26, the FPIs had sold stocks worth Rs.2, 487.02 crore and had only bought shares worth $75.40 million or Rs.458.34 crore.
The foreign institutional investors (FIIs) along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI)to create a new investor category called FPIs.
The FPIs had remained net sellers Wednesday. They sold shares worth $40.84 million, or Rs.250.88 crore, on Oct 1.
The markets on Wednesday closed in the red down 62.52 points or 0.23 percent.
The 30-scrip Sensitive Index (Sensex) of the S&P Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), which opened at 26,681.47 points, closed at 26,567.99 points, down 62.52 points or 0.23 percent from the previous day’s close at 26,630.51 points.
The major Sensex gainers on Wednesday were: Wipro, up 3.22 percent at Rs.615.55; Infosys, up 2.66 percent at Rs.3, 847.20; Mahindra and Mahindra, up 2.07 percent at Rs.1, 390.55; Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), up 1.37 percent at Rs.2, 775.70; and Hero MotoCorp, up 1.30 percent at Rs.2, 878.90.
The losers on Wednesday were: Maruti, down 3.11 percent at Rs.2, 968.90; Tata Power, down 2.47 percent at Rs.80.95; Tata Steel, down 2.31 percent at Rs.448.70; Gail, down 2.27 percent at Rs.438.65; and Reliance Industries, down 1.96 percent at Rs.926.80.

Hong Kong teacher flies 3 000 miles to protestHong Kong resident travels 3,000 miles to fight for democracy
By Sophia Yan   @sophia_yan October 2, 2014: 6:49 AM ET
 
Hong Kong protesters: young and rebellious
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
How far are Hong Kong residents willing to go in their stand for democracy?
For Jennifer Moberg, the answer is nearly 3,000 miles. After hearing from friends that pro-democracy protests in the city were escalating and that police were using tear gas on protesters, she immediately decided to return from Afghanistan, where she is working as a music teacher.
"The crazy part about that is that Sunday was also the inauguration of Afghanistan's new president," Moberg said.
"I just couldn't understand how I could be in one of the most dangerous countries on the planet, watching a peaceful transfer of power, while at the same time, Hong Kong -- one of the most peaceful, stable, organized places in the world -- was in protest," she said.
"At that point, I thought -- well, I have to come back."
Moberg lobbied for a few days off from work, and flew out the following day to join other Hong Kongers on the streets.
"I want to vote [in Hong Kong]," she said. "[We should] be able to pick our own leader."
Hong Kong resident Jennifer Moberg took time off work in Afghanistan to join the protests.
Related: Police use tear gas as 'Occupy' comes to Hong Kong
Hong Kong's pro-democracy movement exploded last weekend as huge crowds of students flooded the city's main business district , and blocked several key arteries in the city.
Heavy-handed police action against them Sunday brought even more people into the streets. Protesters want free and open elections, while Beijing has proposed a system that will allow it to basically screen candidates for the city's top office.
Moberg, 34, a violin teacher, moved to Hong Kong from the U.S. nearly nine years ago. She has since founded a music academy in the city, and received her permanent residency, which allows her to live and work here without a temporary visa. Last month, she started a year-long stint teaching at the only music school in Afghanistan .
Moberg landed in Hong Kong late Wednesday morning and was out on the streets within a few hours, wearing yellow pants and twirling a yellow umbrella in a show of solidarity. The umbrella has quickly become a protest symbol after students used them to protect against pepper spray and tear gas.
It wasn't long before Moberg added yellow ribbons to her ensemble, and began chatting with other supporters while handing out protest stickers.
Related: Gallery: Why I'm protesting in Hong Kong
"I'm flabbergasted ... here are the students handing out crackers; this guy is handing out fans ; he's handing out water; there's a first aid tent over there," she said. "A girl walked by carrying a sign saying, 'Need translation? I can help.' "
Moberg marveled at the fact that she could walk down empty stretches of Hong Kong's main thoroughfares, which are normally packed bumper-to-bumper with traffic.
She said that securing true universal suffrage is the most important protest goal, but also expressed concern about Hong Kong's wealth gap and rising property prices. In recent years, a wave of buyers from mainland China have pushed home prices to extreme levels.
"There is a huge gap between the rich and the poor -- only wealthy people can buy a home," Moberg said. "It's not that poor people can't, it's also that regular [middle class] people can't -- it's hard to keep this place as your home if you can't own a part of it."
The contrast to Afghanistan was stunning, she said. In Kabul, she can't get groceries without protection; in Hong Kong, it's the total opposite -- "anything goes."
Related: Hong Kong protesters are so freaking nice
"They have democracy, but not safety; here we have safety, but no democracy," she said.
Although she is American by birth, Moberg now considers Hong Kong her home, and is proud of the freedom the city allows.
"Here is a place where you can be anything you want to be; there is no stigma attached to what you believe," she said. "As soon as I arrived here, I knew that this was the place for me."
First Published: October 2, 2014: 2:39 AM ET
Most Popular

Meet the hedge fund guy backing protestsMeet the hedge fund guy backing Hong Kong protests
By Charles Riley   @CRrileyCNN October 2, 2014: 8:21 AM ET
 
Hong Kong protesters: young and rebellious
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
One of the most prominent leaders of Hong Kong's democracy movement is not a student, academic or professional protester. He used to work for a hedge fund.
Relatively few finance professionals have given public backing to the protesters occupying Hong Kong's busiest streets. Edward Chin is a notable exception.
Chin helps run Occupy Central, which has taken a leading role in this week's protests aimed at snarling traffic in the city's financial district.
He's the driving force behind its finance and banking group, which numbers about 80 people working for banks, funds and investment houses.
The group has published two open letters to Chinese President Xi Jinping in recent months, seeking to raise awareness of the strength of feeling in Hong Kong.
"Please honor 'one country, two systems' ... Hong Kong people want true democracy," one of the letters read. "Don't stage another Tiananmen crackdown in Hong Kong. The whole world is watching."
Edward Chin used to run hedge funds. Now he's trying to beat Beijing.
The protesters want free and open elections in the Chinese territory. Beijing wants to screen candidates for the city's top office.
Chin got his start in finance in Canada, working as an investment banker and portfolio manager. After moving back to Asia, he served as country head at Man Investments, and head of Asia at Refco Alternative Investments.
Related: Hong Kong resident travels 3,000 miles to fight for democracy
Now he spends his days as a political advocate, hoping to draw more of the city's finance professionals to the cause.
"We want Hong Kong to remain intact to have our core values, our freedom of speech, our freedom of press, our rule of law," Chin told CNN. "It seems like the Communist government is not doing a good job and that's why we have to defend Hong Kong ourselves."
Chin at an Occupy Central rally with other movement leaders.
Beyond the immediate goal of securing full voting rights, Chin is worried about Beijing's growing influence over Hong Kong's finance sector.
He sees rising tension between the handful of families that control large swathes of the city's economy, and powerful new money coming from mainland China.
While he's no great fan of the 'old money' families, Chin fears the influence of China's oligarchs even more.
"We don't want all the dirty money, all the funny money coming to Hong Kong," he said. "Hong Kong's value is not just finance money. When we make a buck, we have to make it with a conscience."
First Published: October 2, 2014: 6:04 AM ET
Most Popular

NCP will always stand with secularism  says Sharad Pawar on alliance with BJPOct 02, 2014 at 04:37pm IST
NCP will always stand with secularism, says Sharad Pawar on alliance with BJP
6
0
Mumbai: Amid accusations that his party could go with the BJP after the Maharashtra Assembly elections, NCP chief Sharad Pawar on Thursday asserted his support for secular parties. "NCP has always stood by the secular parties and will do the same in future," Pawar told mediapersons.
Taking a jibe at the recent remarks of a political leader that NCP would grab Muslim votes and later go with the saffron parties, Pawar said his party does not need to ask anybody. The NCP's history shows that it has always supported secular parties, he said.
He said his party was concentrating on winning more seats rather than on forming the next state government.
"NCP has always stood by the secular parties and will do the same in future," Pawar told mediapersons.
#sharad pawar #congress #bjp #ncp
When asked about severing of ties with the Congress, he blamed the latter for it and claimed that their former ally had decided much earlier (to split), but declared it later.
They (Congress) declared the list of candidates when the talks between both the parties were on, Pawar pointed out saying this was enough to support his statement. Replying to a question, he said during the parliamentary elections earlier this year, the BJP presented Narendra Modi as the Prime Ministerial candidate and got good response from the voters.
In view of this, the other parties had to suffer loss but that would not be the situation in the Assembly elections, the former Union Minister said.
Replying to another question that whether the party would pitch-in Ajit Pawar or Supriya Sule for the post of chief minister, if NCP gets a chance to form the government, he said the members of the Assembly would decide on the issue.
0

Man arrested for shooting down a neighbors droneBy Eugene Volokh October 2 Follow @volokhc
CBS Philadelphia reports that, “[a] New Jersey man was arrested” — for “Possession of a Weapon for an Unlawful Purpose and Criminal Mischief” — “after police say he shot down a neighbor’s remote control drone.” The drone was apparently over his neighbor’s land , but what if it had been over the shooter’s land? Would it be illegal property damage — or lawful defense against trespass?
Even nondeadly force against people is allowed to prevent trespass, if it’s “reasonable”; as the Restatement (Second) of Torts puts it:
An actor is privileged to use reasonable [nondeadly] force, … to prevent or terminate another’s intrusion upon the actor’s land …, if the actor reasonably believes that the intrusion can be prevented or terminated only by the force used, and … the actor reasonably believes that a request [to desist] will be useless or that substantial harm will be done before it can be made.
It seems then that force exerted only on objects would likewise be allowed in such situations if it’s “reasonable.” Indeed, a separate provision specifically says that reasonable force that may damage property is sometimes allowed to protect one’s land:
[O]ne is privileged to commit an act which would otherwise be a trespass to a chattel … if the act … is reasonably believed to be … necessary to protect the actor’s land or chattels or his possession of them, and the harm inflicted is not unreasonable as compared with the harm threatened.
And an overflight may be a trespass to land — and thus a potential justification for the use of nondeadly force — if the aircraft “enters into the immediate reaches of the air space next to the land, and … interferes substantially with the other’s use and enjoyment of his land.” And criminal law rules are generally similar; indeed, the relevant New Jersey statute provides, in relevant part, that “Conduct involving the appropriation, seizure or destruction of, damage to, intrusion on, or interference with, property is justifiable under circumstances which would establish a defense of privilege in a civil action.”
Yet is force that damages a potentially quite valuable piece of machinery reasonable? Is the interference of an overflying drone with one’s use and enjoyment of land “substantial,” and should shooting down the drone be seen as “necessary to protect the actor’s land … or his possession of [the land]“? The chief threat wouldn’t be of physical damage to land, but of interference with privacy — should that count for defense-of-property purposes? What if the drone weren’t over the shooter’s land, but was instead over a public street, but apparently photographing into the shooter’s home (if one can tell such a thing) or into the shooter’s fenced-off swimming pool deck? Would the shooter still have a defense for using force purely to protect privacy (e.g., to prevent the tort of intrusion upon seclusion), even in the absence of a trespass)?
Very interesting questions, which I thought I’d just flag here now. (Note that the Restatement is a distillation of the common-law rules, not a statute; the case law is thus free to evolve by analogy, as incidents involving drones arise.) I’m delighted to say, though, that Prof. Michael Froomkin (Miami) will be guest-blogging about these very issues today or Friday; he is the co-author of a new article that is all about Self-Defense Against Robots .
Thanks to my colleague Richard Re for the pointer.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Nagaland prepares for special guests: Four lakh Amur falcons on thewayAmur Falcons would arrive from Mongolia, Siberia Northern China and Japan, would stay in Wokha district and adjoining areas for about two months, and then take off for South Africa. (Photo: Ramki Sreenivasan/Conservation India)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 2, 2014 7:15 pm
Nagaland – more particularly the people of Wokha district – are getting ready to receive some special guests; anywhere between four to five lakh Amur falcons are expected to arrive any time in the next couple of weeks.
Amur Falcons would arrive from Mongolia, Siberia Northern China and Japan, would stay in Wokha district and adjoining areas for about two months, and then take off for South Africa, a wonderful journey – including a three-and-a-half-day non-stop flight across the Arabian Sea – that was satellite-tracked and documented for the first time in 2013.
“While the arrival of the Amur falcons for roosting in Nagaland itself is a new phenomenon, the people of the district have on their part earned international accolades for having ensured, through community effort, that the birds are not disturbed during their two-month stay here,” said Satya Prakash Tripathi, Chief Wildlife Warden of Nagaland, over the telephone from Kohima today.
Nagas, known for their love for meat, had initially considered these birds as god-sent when they had first arrived about eight or nine years ago. But, even as several thousand birds were caught and consumed in the first few years, a tremendous effort to protect them had resulted in near-zerocasualty in 2013. “In 2012, we estimated that nothing less than 1.40 lakh birds were killed. But, thanks to the community’s positive response to a concerted joint initiative of the forest department and NGOs, we managed to save most of the birds last year,” said Bano Haralu, a journalist who is also managing trustee of Nagaland Wildlife & Biodiversity Conservation Trust (NWBCT).
The Trust, Haralu said, carried out an awareness campaign involving teachers and school children, to whom the community responded very well. This conservation effort fetched the village council of Pangti, a village in Wokha, the prestigious Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) Earth Heroes Award, 2014 in “Save the species award” category. “It was only last week that the village council of Pangti, the largest village in the district, took pledge to ensure not one bird would be harmed,” she added.
The state forest department on its part is roping in village councils, student and women’s groups, gaon-burras, educational institutions, government officials, and even the army and para-military companies posted there to ensure a safe passage to the birds through Nagaland. “The government has also issued order by any village council will invite appropriate necessary action from the government including non-release of developmental funds,” said Chief Wildlife Warden Tripathi.
Twenty-six to 30 cms in length, with an average weight of about 260 grams, the Amur continued…

Industry lobbies to cos: Support Swachh Bhar...You are here: Home > Collections > Companies
Industry lobbies ask companies to support PM Narendra Modi's Swachh Bharat Mission
PTI Oct 2, 2014, 06.47PM IST
Tags:
Assocham
("Ficci shares PM's vision…)
NEW DELHI: Industry associations today lent their support to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Swachh Bharat mission by urging companies to build toilets and usher in cleanliness throughout the country.
The Prime Minister today wielded a broom here to launch his pet Swachh Bharat mission, a cleanliness drive across India, on the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti.
Industry body Assocham asked its member companies to join the Swachh Bharat initiative. It will hold a series of programmes to involve profit making firms to spend on building and maintenance of toilets under their mandatory Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR).
"Ficci shares his vision for Swachh Bharat and agrees that the entire nation needs to come forward and commit itself to this noble initiative," Ficci Secretary General A Didar Singh said.
The chamber will also be getting involved with the state governments, local bodies and NGOs.
Industry body CII said that it will work with companies to help mobilise construction of 10,000 toilets in schools across the country by FY 2015-16.
"Clean India will bring about a revolution to transform India for a high growth which will subsume in it everything that India seeks to achieve for its people and all other stakeholders that can contribute to its growth story," PHD Chamber Executive Director Saurabh Sanyal said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

It s like TurboTax -- for immigrant visasBy Sara Ashley O'Brien   @saraashleyo October 7, 2014: 11:25 AM ET
 
Immigration: Go online or hire a lawyer?
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Hiring foreigners could get easier -- and cheaper -- for businesses.
Bridge US, an immigration software platform, launched a new service called Bridge US for Business on Thursday.
The application process for work visas and green cards is known to be cumbersome and costly for companies. Recognizing this, Bridge US's new product is designed to streamline the process.
Founded by Harvard Business School Graduate Romish Badani in 2012, Bridge US offers what it refers to as a "TurboTax"-like solution for visa processing. Essentially, it's a software that automates the immigration processes.
Based in San Francisco, the company already offers products for individual immigration needs like naturalization and family green cards. Now, it will add business offerings to its platform, including work visas and green cards.
"Once businesses saw what we were doing on the individual side, we had a number of companies asking if we had a business offering," said Badani.
Bridge US guides users through the cumbersome visa application process.
Immigration forms can run upwards of 40 pages and are incredibly complicated. Automating the process slashes the amount of time spent on the applications (which translates into money saved in lawyer fees). Depending on the type of application, Badani says cost savings can be as much as 40% to 80%. The applications still must be printed out and sent to USCIS via mail.
Related: Can states solve the immigration crisis?
Bridge US (which is run by Badani, his co-founder Forrest Blount and legal content manager Jackie Tang) also grants customers access to a team of immigration lawyers.
As the son of two immigrants, Badani saw firsthand how challenging the immigration process can be -- not only as a citizen but also as a business owner. Badani's father ran a small medical products business.
"He couldn't find the very technical talent he needed in the U.S.," said Badani. "He was always looking abroad but as a small business owner, the trade off in finding good talent was having to go through an incredibly cumbersome [immigration] process."
Related: I created 7 jobs and the U.S. tried to deport me
The new business offering requires that companies work with lawyers from Serotte Law Firm, an exclusive partner of Bridge US for Business. That's because business visas tend to be more complex -- and more expensive.
Bridge US charges anywhere from $2,000 (for an H-1B application for highly-skilled individuals) to $10,000 (for an E-2 investor visa). That's 40% to 50% less than the average cost without the service, according to Badani, and includes access to lawyers.
"Lawyers spend [a lot of time] on the administration process. Software is able to reduce time required on that end," said Badani. "The goal is to use software to dramatically reduce the cost of accessing an immigration attorney."
The new service is far-reaching: There were over 170,000 applications filed for H-1B visas last year (not including renewals or transfer visas) -- and that's just one of many types of work visas Bridge US will help process.
First Published: October 2, 2014: 9:13 AM ET
Most Popular

Statehood for Vidarbha  a headache for Shiv SenaOct 02, 2014 at  06:32pm IST
Statehood for Vidarbha, a headache for Shiv Sena
9
0
Mumbai: The tough stand of the BJP for a separate state of Vidarbha has created a big hurdle for the Shiv Sena at least in Vidarbha region after the split of the 25-year-old alliance.
Nagpur, the major city in Vidarbha has been the headquarters of the RSS and after the death Gopinath Munde, Union Urban Development minister Nitin Gadkari, has become the most important BJP leader in the state. Gadkari hails from Nagpur and Munde was from Marathwada region.
Nitin Gadkari with all his political clout has been making the efforts to win the maximum seats out of total 62 assembly seats in Vidarbha. With the highest incidents of farmers' suicides, Vidarbha has become the strong bastion of the Shiv Sena with the initiatives taken by Divakar Ravate, the senior Shiv Sena leader.
The tough stand of the BJP for a separate state of Vidarbha has created a big hurdle for the Shiv Sena in the region after their alliance broke.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #vidarbha #shiv sena #bjp
However, this issue is completely sidelined in this election, especially with the Prime Minister's special package for Vidarbha. Vidarbha has a sizable population of Dalits, which can decide the outcome in 33 assembly constituencies. For many years, Dalits have supported the Congress, but in the last elections, there was a sudden inclination towards the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) of Mayawati. The BJP got the Dalit leader Ramdas Athawale on board with an eye on the Dalit vote bank.
The BJP tried to consolidate its position by campaigning for statehood for Vidarbha before next parliamentary elections. The BJP has been advocating for the creation of small and manageable states for the past two decades and the states like Jharkhand, Uttarakhand, Chhattisgarh and Telangana came into existence with the support of the BJP. Gadkari and state BJP chief Devendra Phadanavis, both hailing from Vidarbha are strongly advocating the issue of separate Vidarbha state.
This issue had never surfaced during the time of Balasaheb Thackeray as he was committed to the Sanyukta Maharashtra or United Maharashtra. As soon as both parties said goodbye to the alliance and went their own way, the BJP started a strong campaign for Vidarbha. On the other hand the executive president of the Shiv Sena, Uddhav Thackeray is also advocating the need of a bullet train between Mumbai and Nagpur, which will help the development of the Vidarbha Region.
In fact, Nagpur, which was a part of the Hindi belt of Madhya Pradesh is equipped with the infrastructure and natural resources like water and mines to be the capital of separate Vidarbha. Although, Nagpur became a part of Maharashtra after the Nagpur pact of 1953, their demands remained unfulfilled. It is important to note that the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangha (RSS) is demanding a separate 'prant' for the past many decades with its national headquarters located in Nagpur.
However, Shiv Sena is very much committed to the united Maharashtra as 105 persons became martyrs in the Sanyukta Maharashtra agitation, which was spearheded by the Shiv Sena and the party established its base in Mumbai after this movement. The NCP and Congress have adopted a wait-and-watch formula without taking any stand on the Vidarbha issue.
19

Pakistan s ISI closely connected with IM operatives: NIA26
0
New Delhi: Pakistan intelligence agency ISI was "closely connected" with top operatives of banned Indian Mujahideen (IM) and provided shelter to its members wanted in India, the National Investigation Agency has told a special court in New Delhi.
The NIA said this in its supplementary chargesheet filed against 20 suspected IM operatives, including its absconding co-founders Riyaz Bhatkal and Iqbal Bhatkal, in connection with a case relating to larger conspiracy of the banned group to carry out terror activities across the country.
"Investigation has established that in pursuance of the conspiracy, accused A-10 (Riyaz Bhatkal) has remained closely connected with the ISI of Pakistan. The ISI organised training of IM operatives and also provided shelter to several accused persons, including A-10, after they were wanted by Indian courts for their involvement in terrorist activities," the agency said.
The NIA said this in its supplementary chargesheet filed against 20 suspected IM operatives.
#nia #indian mujahideen #isi #pakistan
The NIA also said that its probe in the case established that Iqbal Bhatkal, who is based in Pakistan, had associated with ISI to obtain funds and support.
"Investigation has established that accused Iqbal Bhatkal had associated himself with the Pakistani agency called as ISI for obtaining regular funding and infrastructural support for the IM operatives," it said.
"Accused A-11 (Iqbal Bhatkal) was also summoned by the ISI officials on certain occasions and given directions. Due to the closeness of ISI with A-11, there were occasional intra-organisational rifts, as established during the investigation," the NIA further said.
Out of the 20 accused named by NIA in its charge sheet, 17 have not been arrested yet while three others, Tehsin Akhtar, Haidar Ali and Zia-ur-Rehman, are in judicial custody in connection with the case.
2

Pak says Kashmir a  legal issue   demands plebisciteOct 02, 2014 at 06:53pm IST
Pak says Kashmir a 'legal issue', demands plebiscite
10
0
Islamabad: Needling India, Pakistan on Thursday asserted that Kashmir is a "legal issue" and must be resolved through plebiscite as per the aspirations of the Kashmiri people.
At the weekly briefing in Islamabad, Foreign Office spokesperson Tasnim Aslam also made it clear that Indo-Pak talks were not a substitute to the UN resolutions on Kashmir which envisage plebiscite in the region.
"Kashmir is a legal issue also and its legal position demands that the dispute must be resolved as per the aspirations of Kashmiri people through plebiscite," she said.
At the weekly briefing in Islamabad, Foreign Office spokesperson Tasnim Aslam also made it clear that Indo-Pak talks were not a substitute to the UN resolutions on Kashmir.
#pakistan #jammu and kashmir #india #plebiscite
Aslam said that Simla Agreement between the two countries does not make UN resolutions ineffective. Her remarks come within days of Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif raking up the Kashmir issue at the UN General Assembly where he said the UN had passed resolutions to hold a plebiscite in Jammu and Kashmir more than six decades ago.
"The people of Jammu and Kashmir are still waiting for the fulfillment of that promise," Sharif said. India had strongly rejected the "untenable comments" made by Sharif, asserting that the people of the state have peacefully chosen their destiny in accordance with universally accepted democratic principles.
Speaking at UNGA, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had offered to engage in a serious bilateral dialogue "without the shadow of terrorism" while asking Pakistan to create an "appropriate environment" for that.
At today's briefing, Aslam also claimed that India never responded positively on Pakistan's proposals to resolve the Siachen issue and for declaring Siachen a Peace Park including demilitarization of the territory.
The Foreign Office spokesperson termed that Indian policy towards resolution of Siachen as "inflexible". Former President Pervez Musharraf had claimed that Pakistan and India were close to clinching a deal on Siachen during his tenure.
Aslam said India and Pakistan would have to resume talks for the sake of sustainable peace in the region. India had called off Foreign Secretary-level talks in August after Pakistan's High Commissioner in New Delhi Abdul Basit had met Kashmiri separatist leaders ahead of the meeting, ignoring India's warning that the move could derail the parleys.
Aslam saw nothing wrong in Basit's meeting with Hurriyat leaders, saying Pakistan regularly consults with them.
15

Long-acting insulin more effective for type 1 diabetesLong-acting insulin more effective for type 1 diabetes
PTI
Tweet
Toronto, Oct 2:  
Long-acting insulin is safer and more effective at controlling blood sugar than intermediate-acting insulin for patients with Type 1 diabetes, according to new research.
Researchers looked at once-daily and twice-daily doses of both long- and intermediate-acting insulin, ranking their effectiveness, safety and cost-effectiveness.
“In patients with Type 1 diabetes, we found that long-acting insulin is superior to intermediate-acting insulin when it came to controlling blood sugar, preventing weight gain and treating severe hypoglycemia,” said Dr Andrea Tricco, the lead author of the paper and a scientist in the Li Ka Shing Knowledge Institute of St Michael’s Hospital.
Using data from 39 studies, Tricco and her colleagues compared two long-acting forms of insulin - glargine and detemir-- against intermediate-acting forms, such as such as Neutral Protamine Hagedorn.
Long-acting insulin takes about one hour after ingesting to begin lowering blood sugar and lasts up to 26 hours. Intermediate-acting insulin takes between one and three hours to begin lowering blood sugar and can last up to 16 hours.
Compared to intermediate-acting NPH, long-acting insulin significantly improved Hemoglobin A1C levels, a measure of effective blood sugar control over time. “Those taking intermediate-acting insulin were more likely to gain weight. They gained an average of four to six pounds more than the participants who took most long-acting insulin doses,” said Tricco.
Severe hypoglycemia, when someone has extremely low blood sugar, is a medical emergency where the individual is unable to treat themselves.When someone is severely hypoglycemic, they need someone else to provide them with sugar quickly through food or via intravenous fluids.
The researchers found that people with Type 1 diabetes were 38 per cent less likely to experience severe hypoglycemia, on average.Tricco also looked at the cost-effectiveness between the two types of insulin. Of the 32 studies included in the review, there were 22 analyses evaluating the economic benefits of long- and intermediate-acting insulin.
Seventy-seven per cent of those economic analyses found that long-acting insulin was more expensive but also more effective than intermediate-acting insulin. Twenty-three per cent found long-acting insulin more cost-effective.“With this information, patients and their doctors should tailor their choice of insulin according to preference, cost and accessibility,” said Tricco. The study was published in the journal BMJ.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan: States join hands as PM Modi launches countrys biggest cleanlinessdrivePM Narendra Modi participating in cleanliness drive along with NDMC workers in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 7:42 pm
Wielding the broom, as Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday launched the country’s biggest-ever cleanliness drive, states responded actively to the mission and participated with enthusiasm.
Here is a brief description on how different states participated in the launch of Swachh Bharat campaign.
Madhya Pradesh
Highlighting the need for cleanliness to ensure beauty and progress of a place, Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan launched the “Swachh Bharat” campaign by wielding a broom in Bhopal. He urged people to devote at least two hours in a week towards cleanliness and also administered an oath in this regard to the people, and government officials and employees.
Meanwhile, Union Minister for Water Resource and local MP, Uma Bharti, who was in Jhansi on Thursday, said she will devote 300 hours instead of 100 hours annually to the ‘Swachh Bharat’ mission. Taking part in the campaign at different parts of the constituency, she said, “We will not take up the cleaning just for today but on a daily basis. The prime minister has given a call of 100 hours and we will do it for 300 hours to contribute in this campaign”. She also visited the Nagar Nigam office and administered oath to the employees to join the campaign.
Maharashtra
Maharashtra Governor Ch Vidyasagar Rao gave a cleanliness pledge (Swachhata Shapath) to the officers and staff of Mantralaya to mark the launch of the Swachh Bharat Mission here on the occasion of the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri.
The Governor read out the Swachhata Shapath to the state government officials in Marathi, a Raj Bhavan spokesperson said.
Uttar Pradesh
Noting that only a clean country can be healthy, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh today said every person should dedicate at least two hours per week for cleanliness.
“Where there is cleanliness there is god. This has been our old tradition, special emphasis was given on cleanliness in villages,” Rajnath Singh said while launching Swachh Bharat campaign at Charbagh railway station here. “We will make India clean by 2019. When the counry is
clean then only it is healthy. In 2019, on the occasion Gandhi Jayanti, we take a pledge to dedicate a ‘Swachh Bharat’ (clean India) in the feet of Bapu,” he said. The minister appealed to the people to try to keep their office and home clean.
Mizoram
Mizoram Chief Minister Lal Thanhawla launched the ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’ at a function in front of Mahatma Gandhi’s statue in the centre of Aizawl’s Mahatma Gandhi Square this morning.
Andhra Pradesh
Andhra Pradesh and Telangana Governor E S L Narasimhan launched the ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’ at the Raj Bhavan by administering a pledge to the staff. The Governor and his wife Vimala Narasimhan later symbolically swept the roads near Raj Bhavan. “People of the two states should take an active part in the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and make India clean by 2019. Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given a call on Independence Day to every citizen to strive to make India clean. The aim is to build a clean India by October 2, 2019. The Prime Minister
asked everyone to take a vow in this regard. Clean India would not be possible with one or two individuals and it should be a collective effort,” the Governor said on the occasion.
Kerala
Joining the nation in the cleanliness drive on Gandhi Jayanti today, a month-long sanitation-cum-awareness campaign was launched in Kerala, roping in government and voluntary agencies.
Meanwhile, the cleanliness drive got a whole new meaning in Kerala. The Congress government in the state marked Gandhi Jayanti with Chief Minister Oommen Chandy destroying flex boards displaying his own pictures. Chandy’s rival and party state president V M Sudheeran also joined the drive against flex board saying the party would abandon the practice of using flex boards for functions.
Read more here:  Kerala starts drive against plastic with flex board on CM Oommen Chandy 
Gujarat
Gujarat Chief Minister Anandiben Patel on Thursday formally launched the “Swachh Bharat” campaign from Porbandar and compared it to India’s freedom movement. To rid India of filth is as daunting task as achieving Independence, and to accomplish the mission of a clean India would require a mass struggle like our Freedom Struggle, Gujarat Chief Minister Anandiben Patel said on Thursday.
 
Bihar
Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi, Union Ministers Ramvilas Paswan, Ravishankar Prasad and actor-politician Shatrughan Sinha took up the broom to launch the Swachh Bharat mission in the state. Manjhi launched the Swachh Bharat mission from Gandhi Maidan by delivering oath to people to keep the city clean. Talking to reporters, Manjhi praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi for launching the nationwide cleanliness campaign and appealed all to make at least 100 people aware about the importance of cleanliness and devote 100 hours every year for this work.
Rajasthan
Rajasthan Governor Kalyan Singh and Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje today launched the ‘Swacch Bharat Abhiyan’ from Dhankya town in the district by inspiring people to make cleaning a habit. They along with other public representatives cleaned some area at Dhankya railway station after addressing the gathering.
Punjab
Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal today administered a cleanliness pledge under the ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan’ to government officials here. Addressing the gathering at Shekpura near here, Badal said that people should take up the cudgels of keeping the
country clean.
“Government has provided enough infrastructure and funds to keep the state clean. It is the people who will have to step forward, take the onus and ensure that we keep our cities as clean as the foreign shores we visit,” he said.
Delhi
Various Delhi government departments, municipal corporations and scores of other agencies across the city joined the ‘Clean India’
campaign with a pledge to implement the country’s biggest ever cleanliness drive envisaged by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Delhi Chief Secretary D M Spolia led the campaign by administering oath to officers of various department to make Delhi ‘clean’ while the civic bodies launched a massive cleanliness drive across the city to remove debris, construction wastes and garbage to give a better look to the city.
Meanwhile, Coal and Power minister Piyush Goyal said that one lakh toilets would be constructed in schools and colleges by the PSUs under his ministries within a year.
Tamil Nadu
Tamil Nadu Governor K Rosaiah initiated the Narendra Modi Government’s ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’ cleanliness drive here.
He ‘initiated’ the drive at the Raj Bhavan in Chennai, “on the call” of Modi’s mission to make India clean, an official release here said.
The Governor said that cleanliness should begin from each home and individual and appealed that everyone should take it as their bounden duty to keep the surroundings clean and wholeheartedly involve in the cleanliness drive.
Odisha
Joining the nation-wide ‘Swachh Bharat’ campaign, public sector GAIL (India) announced its plan to build 1021 bio-toilets in the country to provide hygienic sanitation facilities for girl students.
While GAIL (India) unveiled its Rs 27 crore bio-toilet programme under Swachh Bharat-Swachh Vidyalaya Scheme here, other central PSUs like Nalco and Railways launched a series of cleanliness drives across the state.
Jammu and Kasmir
The Bharatiya Janata Party MP from Jammu-Poonch parliamentary constituency Jugal Kishore Sharma and other prominent party leaders including local MLAs with hundreds of party activists participated in cleanliness drives at various places in Jammu city and its outskirts. The former Congress MP, Madan Lal Sharma, along with local residents also used broom in various areas including Chandan Vihar near Muthi and Satwari Chowk.
Gujjar Maha Sabha, Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) jointly carried out cleanliness drive. National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) district development manager, Surinder Singh, along with local villagers used broom and shovel to clean the streets at village Shahzadpur in Samba district.
Army troops also carried out cleanliness drive in cantonment areas. More than 1,000 BSF personnel under the supervision of their IG Jammu frontier, Rakesh Kumar, carried out cleanliness drives.
Uttarakhand
Uttarakhand Chief Minister Harish Rawat said the ‘Swachh Bharat’ mission will be successful only if it assumes the form of a people’s movement.
Launching the campaign at Gandhi Park here today on the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti, Rawat said any such mission cannot achieve its target unless each and every individual contributes his bit to it. Several programmes were held across the state to mark the launch of the programme with bureaucrats taking a vow to keep their office premises clean through a weekly programme.
(With inputs from PTI)

European Car Chiefs  Reeling  From Ford WarningAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

View from a Tiananmen Square student leaderOctober 2, 2014 2:52 pm
Silencing Hong Kong will hurt democracy
By Wang Dan
China’s attitude to the protest points to a changing policy, writes Wang Dan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4cfa697e-48ca-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Guns welcome at these restaurantsGuns welcome at these restaurants
By Aaron Smith   @AaronSmithCNN October 2, 2014: 10:22 AM ET
Lauren and Jayson Boebert have seen a surge in business at their restaurant, Shooters Grill in Rifle, Colo., where the waitresses pack pistols.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Lauren Boebert, mother of four and owner of the Shooters Grill in Rifle, Colo., didn't plan on becoming the poster girl for open-carry gun laws.
But after a man died violently in the alley behind her grill last year, she started packing a pistol at her restaurant.
"I'm a small girl and I wanted to protect myself, my employees and my customers, if needed," said Boebert, who waits tables with a Springfield XD sub compact semiautomatic handgun holstered to her hip. She also allows other waitresses and customers to openly carry their guns in her restaurant.
The Shooters Grill is not alone. Other restaurants around the country are celebrating openly carrying a firearm in public by offering a discount to customers who bring their guns, or by selling tchotchkes that declare their support for guns.
The waitresses pack heat at Shooters Grill in Rifle, Colo. The customers do, too.
"Guns are welcome on the premises," read the T-shirts and coffee cups peddled on the web site of Shiloh Brew and Chew in Maryville, Tenn. "Please keep all weapons holstered unless need arises. In such case, judicious marksmanship is appreciated."
Other restaurants, including All Around Pizza and Deli in Virginia Beach, Va., Bergeron's Boudin and Cajun Meats of Port Allen, La., and The Cajun Experience in Leesburg, Va., are offering discounts to pistol-packing patrons.
Souvenier coffee mugs, saying "Guns are Welcome," are sold at Shiloh Brew and Chew in Maryville, Tenn. And, the All Around Pizza & Deli restaurant in Virginia Beach offers a discount for people who carry guns.
"If you're exercising your Second Amendment rights, you get 10% off," said Bryan Crosswhite, who hosts "Second Amendment Wednesdays" at The Cajun Experience. He also runs an organization for gun-supporting businesses called 2amendment .
Not everyone thinks it's a great idea. Boebert and Crosswhite both said they received death threats from people they described as anti-gun.
Bryan Crosswhite's open carry policy has led to a boom in business at The Cajun Experience. But Crosswhite has received death threats from opponents, he says.
These family-run restaurants are going in the opposite direction of corporations like Target ( TGT ), Starbucks ( SBUX ), Chipotle ( CMG ), Sonic ( SONC ), Chili's ( EAT ) and Panera ( PNRA ), which recently told their customers that guns are not welcome in their stores and restaurants.
The recent wave of the no-guns policy at these big chains has been driven by social media pressure from Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America , a gun control group that was formed after a lone gunman killed 20 children at a Connecticut school in 2012.
 
Target: No guns in our stores, please
The organization, which joined Mayors Against Illegal Guns to form Everytown for Gun Safety, has started popular Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ) and Twitter campaigns with hashtags such as #groceriesnotguns and #offtarget and has successfully pushed the companies to take action. Currently, the group is taking on supermarket chain Kroger .
The group was founded by Shannon Watts, a mother of five, who says she is a supporter of the constitutional right to bear arms. Watts says that some of the members of her organization own guns.
But she opposes gun-toting customers in stores and restaurants, because she says there's no way of knowing whether an armed stranger is a law-abiding citizen or a mass killer.
"Many people don't realize that the guy [carrying an assault rifle] in Kroger could have a criminal record, could be a domestic abuser, could be a rapist," Watts said.
All this recent attention to big chains banning guns in their stores and restaurant has given a boost to the little guys. Boebert said she has doubled her business and her staff, to 25 employees, since her gun-packing policy was covered by television stations in June.
Sharma Floyd, owner of Shiloh Brew and Chew, said she put up a "Guns are welcome" sign in July and appeared on local television news, which sent her business skyrocketing by 500%. She's hired more waitresses as a result.

Haryana polls: BJP releases manifesto  promises foodgrain at Re 1 per kg39
0
Chandigarh: The BJP in Haryana has promised foodgrain at Re 1 per kg for BPL families, free treatment to the poor and stipend for unemployed youths in its election manifesto, which it released on Thursday hoping to come to power on its own for the first time in the state.
The manifesto said if voted to power, BJP will take steps for stricter implementation of the laws against cow slaughter, even as chairman of the Manifesto Committee Ganeshi Lal said cow slaughter will be equated with culpable homicide.
The manifesto said, BJP's focus areas will be agriculture, rural development, industry, education, service sector, welfare of youth and women, welfare of Scheduled Caste and Backward Classes, said the 16-page manifesto released here by party spokesman and senior leader Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi.
The manifesto also lays down that cow slaughter will be equated with culpable homicide.
#haryana assembly elections 2014 #bjp #bjp manifesto
The manifesto said if in power, BJP will bring the GDP growth in the state to 10 per cent over the next five years. The party said it is committed to bring SYL Canal water to the state. The BJP government, if formed, will usher in milk revolution in the state and dairy sector will be promoted. It will also work towards bringing a second Green Revolution, it said.
Seeking a clear mandate, the punchline of the manifesto is "BJP ke saath chaliyein, Narendra Modi ke saath chaliyein". (Come with BJP, come with Narendra Modi). It said BJP intends to give better facilities to villages, bring transparency in administration, root out corruption and end the menace of female foeticide.
Four laning of the national and the state highways will be done, round-the-clock power supply will be given to various categories of consumers, clean drinking water will be made available to each household, free treatment will be given to the poor in hospitals and free medicines will be made available to them, it said.
Besides, the manifesto promised free pilgrimage facility to every senior citizen of the state, hike in old age and widow pension from present Rs 1,000 to 2,000, availability of water for every field and setting up of a relief centre to look into compensation detail of crops damaged due to natural calamity.
It also talked about soil health cards for farmers, free travel for school and college girls in roadways buses which will also have security guards on board. The manifesto said in lieu of 100 hours of work, Class 12 pass unemployed youths will be given Rs 6,000 stipend per month while graduate unemployed will get Rs 9,000 per month, even as steps will be taken to lift the standard of education.
Others present on the occasion included another party spokesman and candidate from Narnaund segment Capt Abhimanyu and chairman of the Manifesto Committee Ganeshi Lal.
48

Warren Buffett Defends Burger Kingreddit
Warren Buffett defended Burger King's plan to expatriate to Canada in an appearance on CNBC's Squawk Box Thursday morning, saying that the deal isn't a move to skirt taxes.
"I would tell you that overwhelmingly most inversion deals have had a huge tax motivation in doing them. I can tell you this one didn't," the billionaire Berkshire Hathaway CEO responded when host Andrew Ross Sorkin asked if the deal was unpatriotic.
In August, Burger King announced plans to acquire the Canadian coffee and donut chain Tim Hortons for about $11 billion, moving the struggling fast-food company's headquarters from Miami to Toronto. The deal, which would create a combined company with projected sales of $23 billion , has been under scrutiny by critics who accuse Burger King of trying to dodge paying U.S. taxes.
"It doesn't have anything to do with taxes. It has to do with the fact that Tim Hortons earns twice as much money as Burger King does," Buffett said.
Though Burger King did not respond immediately to a request for comment, the company has maintained in the past that the deal isn't about dodging taxes.
In September, the  U.S. Treasury Department announced new rules that would make so-called inversion deals more difficult, but it's unclear if the new rules will have much of an impact on Burger King.
More:

Indian singer Yesudas against women wearingjeansK J Yesudas was speaking at an event in Thiruvananthapuramm.
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 2, 2014 8:31 pm | Updated: October 4, 2014 9:20 pm
 
Legendary singer K J Yesudas on Thursday landed in a controversy after he said women should not trouble others by wearing jeans.
The Kerala-born singer, who has been conferred with the honours like Padma Sri and Padma Vibhushan, said when women wear jeans, others are forced to look beyond that (jeans). Yesudas was inaugurating cleanliness drive under Swachh Bharat Campaign at Swathi Tirunal Music College in Thiruvananthapuram.
“What should be covered must be covered. Our culture involves the beauty which should be covered. Women should not trouble others by wearing jeans. When they put on jeans, men are tempted to look beyond that (jeans),” he said. “Women’s beauty lies in their modesty. They should not try to become like men. They should not force others to do unnecessary things by wearing jeans, which would give them magnetism,” Yesudas added.
Yesudas’ comments drew flak from various organisations. Mahila Congress state president Bindu Krishna said the singer should recall his anti-woman statements. “His comments are not fit for a civilized society,” said Krishna.
CPI (M) student and youth wings SFI and DYFI also blasted Yesudas, who is known as celestial singer. According to them his comments gave an impression that women were targeted due to the style of their dress.
See the video. (Malayalam audio)

http://usat.ly/1r1WoHqEMAIL
Former President George W. Bush (Ralph Barrera, Getty Images)
George W. Bush says he is embracing the role of older brother to Jeb, pushing his sibling to run for president in 2016.
At the opening of a golf tournament the former president hosts for U.S. service members, Bush told Fox News that he and Jeb had a conversation about the former Florida governor’s future.
“He, of course, was saying ‘I haven’t made up my mind,’ ” George W. Bush told Brian Kilmeade in an interview that aired Thursday. “And I truly don’t think he has … I don’t think he liked it that his older brother was pushing him.”
Jeb Bush is in campaign mode for the 2014 midterm elections and stumping for Republicans such as Sen. Pat Roberts of Kansas, gubernatorial hopeful Asa Hutchinson in Arkansas, and Senate candidate Thom Tillis in North Carolina. He’ll appear next month with Gov. Nikki Haley in South Carolina, which hosts the first-in-the-South presidential primary.
“I think he wants to be president,” the 43rd president said about his younger brother. “I think he’d be a great president. He understands what it’s like to be president, for not only the person running or serving, plus family. He’s seen his dad. He’s seen his brother. And so he’s a very thoughtful man and he’s weighing his options.”
Bush weighed in on other topics, including the threat of the Islamic State, his relationships with Bill Clinton and President Obama, the change in leadership at the Secret Service and his upcoming book on his father, George H.W. Bush.
The Warrior Open runs through Thursday at Las Colinas Country Club in Irving, Texas.
 

http://usat.ly/1xG5nqyDaniel Wroclawski
October 02, 2014
Yes, the little internet TV service that was shut down by a Supreme Court decision earlier this year may yet live on.
According to industry journal Multichannel News , the FCC is looking into changing the rules for over-the-top (OTT) services like Aereo, giving them "FCC-enforced access" to carry regular TV channels. This would effectively provide them with the same status as traditional cable and satellite companies, but also require them to pay retransmission fees and honor exclusivity rights.
Such a change would pave the way for Aereo's return, albeit at what would likely be a higher price point.
Such a change would pave the way for Aereo's return, albeit at what would likely be a higher price point.
According to a recent, tentative ruling by the FCC, content providers must own the infrastructure that delivers their services in order to earn FCC-endorsed access. This arrangement naturally excludes web TV companies, which don't own your internet connection.
Now, the FCC is debating amending that requirement—a move that would radically change the web TV landscape. Broadcasters and cable companies haven't yet weighed in on the proposed change, but in the past the National Cable & Telecommunications Association has argued in favor of the "transmission path" requirement.
In case you're wondering, such a change would not affect your Netflix subscription. The proposed rule change would only apply to internet TV services that offer pre-programmed content—not on-demand video.
If the FCC goes through with this rule change, it will certainly give Aereo a leg up in its attempts to return to service, potentially allowing the startup to finally get a live streaming license . But its revival also depends on whether it can make amends with the broadcasters it took to the Supreme Court.

http://usat.ly/1E4mhAGFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Hong Kong's leader and protesters agree to talks
Pro-democracy protesters have vowed to occupy government buildings in Hong Kong if the city's leader does not step down.
Post to Facebook
Hong Kong's leader and protesters agree to talks Pro-democracy protesters have vowed to occupy government buildings in Hong Kong if the city's leader does not step down. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vzH4s1
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
49
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Hong Kong's leader and protesters agree to talks
Calum MacLeod , USA TODAY 7:56 p.m. EDT October 2, 2014
Video Keywords street crowds tear gas Associated Press
Police in Hong Kong warned protesters that they will not tolerate pro-democracy protesters' threats to occupy government buildings if Chief Executive Leung Chun-Ying does not step down. (Oct. 2) AP
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:01  Pro democracy protesters crowded the streets of Hong -- for
00:04  a seventh day. On Thursday afternoon crowds packed shoulder to shoulder
00:08  outside the gates of the government headquarters many giving chief executive
00:12  -- and -- being an ultimatum. Resign or protesters want to
00:16  -- government buildings many into some police firing back with threats
00:20  of their own. -- says that buddhists will not tolerate Andy
00:24  -- vehicle. Surrounding -- government buildings. Police that is to put
00:31  distance. To remain calm and restraint. Officers to be seen carrying
00:35  containers of equipment past the protesters. Including some labeled rubber but
00:39  -- The students remain watchful put home a picture repeated throughout
00:44  much of the weeklong demonstration. Down the street crowds camp --
00:48  holding umbrellas which have become a symbol of the uprising and
00:52  useful tool for fanning away clouds of tear gas. The group
00:55  noticeably thinner than in days past. -- mom and dads and
00:59  boys hang on legacy goes on forever or for a long
01:02  time with no dialogue in this standoff it's really going to
01:05  -- -- people in the police and doing harm. So for
01:08  the Chinese and Hong Kong governments have made no attempt to
01:11  concession or negotiation. For now two sides locked in a standoff
01:16  opened the other will give him. Robert Olmstead Associated Press.
A pro-democracy protester in Hong Kong stands outside the legislative government complex Oct. 2. Thousands of supporters  occupied the streets of the city's  financial district.
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
1038 CONNECT 275 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 49 COMMENTEMAILMORE
HONG KONG — This city's embattled chief executive, Leung Chun-ying, offered late Thursday to hold talks with pro-democracy protesters who have swarmed this city for a week, but he refused to resign as they demanded.
The Federation of Hong Kong Students said in a statement early Friday it would join the talks, focusing  on political changes. The students reiterated that Leung should step down because he "had lost his integrity."
Occupy Central, a broader group that joined the protests, welcomed the talks but  also wants Leung to step down. Occupy Central "hopes the talks can provide a turning point in the current political stalemate," the group said in a statement. "We reiterate our view that Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying is the one responsible for the stalemate and that he must step down."
At a news conference, Leung said he asked the territory's top civil servant, Chief Secretary Carrie Lam, to arrange talks with the protesters, who  call for free elections.
"I will not resign," Leung said.
Lam, standing next to him, said she would seek to meet with  student leaders  as soon as possible. "I hope both sides will be satisfied," she said. "Students had wanted a public meeting, but I hope that we can have some flexibility to discuss details."
Leung's offer "is not enough," said Mandy Lee, 26, an infant-formula saleswoman at Thursday's protest. "We need some constructive feedback and actual suggestions. It seems the government didn't hear anything from us."
Chan Heiman, 25, a marketing employee, worried that the offer of talks was a delaying tactic. "We need a breakthrough. Hong Kong people can't wait for too long," she said. "These days are critical to the movement, as there will be less people next week."
Leung said authorities would tolerate the protests as long as participants did not charge police lines. He urged the protesters to end their occupation of much of the downtown area.
"I urge students not to charge into or occupy government buildings. … It's not about my personal inconvenience," he said. "These few days, the protesters' occupation of key areas of the city has already seriously affected Hong Kong's economy, people's daily lives and government functioning."
Protesters confront police  outside the legislative government complex  Oct. 2 in Hong Kong.
(Photo: Getty Images)
Earlier Thursday, crowds swelled, and police prepared more riot gear as demonstrators threatened to occupy government buildings if Leung did not resign by midnight. Scuffles broke out as protesters tried to prevent police from moving what appeared to be tear gas and rubber bullets into the besieged government headquarters.
Hong Kong's police spokesman, Chief Superintendent Hui Chun-tak, did not rule out the use of tear gas and promised to use "appropriate force" if the situation escalated, the South China Morning Post newspaper reported.
Police would "not tolerate any illegal surrounding of government buildings," he said. The government called on the protest to end, so 3,000 government officers could return to work Friday after a two-day holiday marking the 65th anniversary of the Communist Party's rule over China.
Police  used tear gas and pepper spray Sunday night to disperse protesters, a move that prompted even more demonstrators to turn out in subsequent days. Since then, police have shown restraint, and the demonstrators have been peaceful and orderly, even picking up their litter.
In an effort to shift the protests, which have paralyzed business districts in this financial hub, the  government offered a playground as an alternative protest venue.
Such a move seemed unlikely to succeed. The leaders of the three main campaign groups — Occupy Central, the Federation of Hong Kong Students and Scholarism — said supporters must stay united and prepare for a long fight.
The protests were sparked when the government in Beijing issued rules that required its approval for candidates running for chief executive in 2017, which would be the first democratic election of the city's leader. Protesters charged that Beijing  reneged on its promise of a totally free election in Hong Kong, which has operated with more personal liberties than the rest of China after the former British colony was turned over to China in 1997.
Some protesters said the authorities hope the mass civil disobedience movement will fizzle as people return to work or class. "The police want to let us collapse automatically, rather than using force to suppress us," said Patrick Tang, 21, an English student at Hong Kong's City University.
"We need important action," such as entering government offices, "but in a peaceful and well-mannered way, so mainland media have no excuse to pick on us," Tang said.
"The concern of me and everybody, I think, is that the campaign will decrease in size and eventually fail," said Wong Chifai, 22, a construction consultant. "I want more people to join and stay as long as they can, so we can bring down the economy and force the government to talk to us."
Social worker Remus Kwok, 34, who has protested for the past five days, said the demonstrations have made citizens  "angry and disappointed" at the lack of democratic change. "I don't think the government will change anything, but now more Hong Kong people care about society and politics, so this is already a success," he said.
One protester disagreed with the student leaders' threat to occupy government buildings. "Getting into a confrontation with police doesn't seem peaceful to me," said Wilson Yip, 22, a recent university graduate. "If they try to force themselves inside and confront police, I don't see what kind of point that would make. It may make fewer people support the protests."
In China, Hong Kong protests out of sight, out of mind
A protester prays at an altar of Chinese Taoist God of War, Guan Yu, set up at a barricade on the main road of the occupied area in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong on Oct. 31. Activists are calling for open elections for the Chinese territory's next chief executive in 2017. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Police officers stand guard next to a picture of Chinese President Xi Jinping holding a yellow umbrella, the symbol of the pro-democracy protest, in the occupied area of the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Pro-democracy demonstrators dress as Chinese ghosts for Halloween during their Hong Kong protestes. 
(Photo: Jerome Favre, european pressphoto agency)
Fullscreen
Pro-democracy protesters open their umbrellas for 87 seconds on Oct. 28 as they mark the 87 rounds of tear gas that were fired by police at unarmed student protesters at the same location one month ago in the Admiralty district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Alex Hofford, European Pressphoto Agency)
Fullscreen
Hong Kong actress Deanie Yip, left, stands on a stage in front of protesters with singer Anthony Wong, student leader Joshua Wong, Benny Tai, founder of the Occupy Central civil disobedience movement, and student leaders Alex Chow and Tommy Cheung at a rally in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
A demonstrator photographs people waving lights next to the central government offices. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
A protester opens umbrellas during a rally marking one month since they took to the streets in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
Hundreds of people attend a rally in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters rally outside government headquarters. The banner reads, "I want genuine universal suffrage." 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
A protester observes a minute of silence at a rally in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
A demonstrator sleeps in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
A man takes a selfie with an iPad at the pro-democracy protester camp site in the Admiralty district on Oct. 27. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Protesters read a newspaper at their camp site in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A demonstrator sits outside her tent in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A protester sleeps on Nathan Road in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Jerome Favre, European PressPhoto Agency)
Pro-democracy protesters build a small chair at their makeshift camp outside government headquarters in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Vincent Yu, AP)
An elderly man talks about his life to pro-democracy protesters in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy demonstrators gather outside the Hong Kong government headquarters on Oct. 26. 
(Photo: Jerome Favre, European PressPhoto Agency)
Pro-democracy supporters cheer during a press conference outside the Hong Kong government headquarters on Sunday. 
(Photo: Jerome Favre, European PressPhoto Agency)
People walk among tents along the main protest campsite in Hong Kong. At the main protest site a peaceful atmosphere remains as artists freely express themselves and families bring their children feeling a sense of safely.  
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
A protester draws on the main road of the occupied area of the Mong Kok district Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Activists read in a tent on Oct. 26. Pro-democracy activists were forced to suspend a planned vote on their next steps, due to differing opinions about how to move their month-long campaign forward. 
(Photo: Chris McGrath, Getty Images)
Student leader Joshua Wong attends a news conference at the pro-democracy protesters' campsite in Hong Kong on Oct. 26. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A protester gives away cutout pictures of Chinese President Xi Jinping as a souvenir on Oct. 26. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Pro-democracy activist Oscar Lee jokes around with his daughter Annecy in their tent on the street outside of Hong Kong's government complex. 
(Photo: Chris McGrath, Getty Images)
A pro-democracy activist has a henna tattoo of an umbrella placed on her wrist on Oct. 25. 
(Photo: Chris McGrath, Getty Images)
People sleep on the street overnight at the main protest site on Oct. 25.  
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
Members of the pro-government Blue Ribbon group rally during a candlelight vigil in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A newly married couple poses with a yellow umbrella for their wedding photograph at the site where pro-democracy demonstrators camp in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A pro-democracy protester looks at a makeshift tank in an area occupied by the protesters, outside the government headquarters on Oct. 25. 
(Photo: Vincent Yu, AP)
Pro-democracy protesters, left, argue with a pro-government local resident on Oct. 25. 
(Photo: Vincent Yu, AP)
Pro-democracy protesters gather on the road during an Occupy Central demonstration in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong on Oct. 24. Activists call for open elections for the Chinese territory's next chief executive in 2017. 
(Photo: Jeon Heon-Kyun, epa)
Pro-democracy protesters camp on top of an underground station in the occupied area of the Mong Kok district in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Pro-democracy protesters gather in the Admiralty district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
A pro-democracy protester  rests on a barricade in the occupied area of the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
A pro-democracy protester stands his ground on a barricaded road in Hong Kong. Major intersections in the city have been paralyzed by mass rallies demanding free elections for more than three weeks. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters stand their ground on a barricaded road in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A woman argues with a Hong Kong police officer about road blockage caused by barricades of pro-democracy protesters while another police officer tries to keep people moving at an intersection. 
(Photo: Rolex Dela Pena, European Pressphoto Agency)
A pro-democracy protester uses a smartphone while seated beside a barricade. 
(Photo: Rolex Dela Pena, European Pressphoto Agency)
Pro-democracy protesters rest in a tent. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy demonstrators stand their ground on a barricaded road. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A pro-democracy protester uses a smartphone while at a barricade in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Rolex Dela Pena, european pressphoto agency)
A protester checks her phone at the main protest site at Admiralty during a downpour  in Hong Kong on Oct. 23. 
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
Protesters listen to speeches at the main protest site at Admiralty during a downpour as bad weather caused hours of rain in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
A pro-democracy activist waters a plant placed on a road outside Hong Kong's government complex. 
(Photo: Chris McGrath, Getty Images)
An anti-occupy protester is removed by the Hong Kong police from a crowd of pro-democracy protesters, in the Mong Kok area of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Alex Hofford, European Pressphoto Agency)
A policeman shouts at pro-democracy protesters to stay back as they try to arrest a protester who led a group to set up a barricade in the Mongkok district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters continue their street occupation amid heavy rain in Hong Kong on Oct. 22. Protesters are calling for changes to the election process. 
(Photo: Jeon Heon-Kyun, European Pressphoto Agency)
Pro-democracy protesters stand continue their protest amid rain in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters stand under umbrellas during a rainstorm on a barricaded road in the Mongkok district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters brave heavy rains during their ongoing protest in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Jeon Heon-Kyun, European Pressphoto Agency)
Pro-democracy demonstrators guard a barricade in the Mongkok district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
A pro-democracy protester reacts as he watches a live transmission of talks between Hong Kong authorities and pro-democracy protest leaders. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters react as they watch a live transmission on giant screens of talks between Hong Kong authorities and pro-democracy protest leaders. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy demonstrators react as they watch a live transmission on a giant screen of talks with leaders of the Hong Kong Federation of Students and Hong Kong authorities, in the Admiralty district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A pro-democracy student protester wipes her eyes as she watches with others a live broadcast of government officials meeting with student protest organizers, in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Wally Santana, AP)
Tens of thousands of protesters gather to listen to the talks between the government officials and the protesters  at the main protest site  in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters react while watching a broadcast of the negotiations between representatives of government and student protesters in the Mong Kok District of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Jeon Heon-Kyun, european pressphoto agnecy)
People watch televised talks between pro-democracy student leaders and senior government officials on Oct. 21 at a protest site in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
People watch televised talks between student leaders and senior government officials. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters watch a live telecast of talks between Hong Kong authorities and pro-democracy protest leaders in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Hong Kong Federation of Students leaders Yvonne Leung, left, Nathan Law, Alex Chow, Lester Shum and Eason Chung attend talks with government officials at the Hong Kong Academy of Medicine in Wong Chuk Hang. 
(Photo: Anthony Kwan, Getty Images)
A pro-democracy protester smokes next to a barricade in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
A pro-democracy protester guards a barricade after midnight in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Rolex Dela Pena, epa)
Pro-democracy protesters set up a barricade in the Mongkok district on Oct. 20. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Police and protesters continue their standoff in Mong Kok. 
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
Pro-democracy student protesters study during a rally in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Jeon Heon-Kyun, European Pressphoto Agency)
A pro-democracy student protester looks up from her smartphone at the protest site in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Wally Santana, AP)
A Hong Kong police officer looks at an effigy of the city's embattled Hong Kong Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying as his colleagues monitor pro-democracy protesters. 
(Photo: Alex Hofford, European Pressphoto Agency)
Pro-democracy protesters dress for a graduation photo at a barricade in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Tents are set up at the main protest site on Oct. 18. 
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
A policeman puts on his helmet during a standoff with pro-democracy protesters in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
A pro-democracy protester looks through binoculars. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Protesters wear protective gear made from plastic bottles. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Police officers stand guard at an intersection that was retaken from pro-democracy protesters. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
Images of Hong Kong Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying are pasted onto umbrellas. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
People jeer and yell at police officers on Oct. 17. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
Police use pepper spray against pro-democracy protesters on Oct. 17. 
(Photo: Anthony Wallace, AFP/Getty Images)
A local Hong Kong journalist collapses after being hit in the face with pepper spray by police on Oct. 17. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
A protest organizer makes a call after retaking a section of road on Oct. 17 in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Wally Santana, AP)
Pro-democracy demonstrators face police during a standoff in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Ed Jones, AFP/Getty Images)
Protesters scuffle with riot police. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Police push through demonstrators during a clash in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Anthony Wallace, AFP/Getty Images)

http://usat.ly/1rzchLFFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
'Angry Birds' maker Rovio unveils job cuts
Angry Birds maker Rovio announced it will cut as many as 130 jobs, more than one month after detailing a change in leadership at the mobile game developer. In a statement released Thursday, Rovio CEO Mikael
Post to Facebook
'Angry Birds' maker Rovio unveils job cuts Angry Birds maker Rovio announced it will cut as many as 130 jobs, more than one month after detailing a change in leadership at the mobile game developer. In a statement released Thursday, Rovio CEO Mikael Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1x2sdW8
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
'Angry Birds' maker Rovio unveils job cuts
Brett Molina , USA TODAY 9:18 a.m. EDT October 2, 2014
A scene from the 'Angry Birds' movie, which launches in 2016.
(Photo: Columbia Pictures/Rovio)
29 CONNECT 83 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Angry Birds maker Rovio announced it will cut as many as 130 jobs, more than one month after detailing a change in leadership at the mobile game developer.
In a statement released Thursday , Rovio CEO Mikael Hed says the cuts will represent about 16% of the company's workforce.
"It is never easy to consider changes like this, but it is better to do them sooner rather than later, when we are in a good place to reignite growth," says Hed.
Hed also says Rovio will streamline to focus on three key parts of their business: games, media and consumer products.
In late August, Hed announced he would step down as Rovio CEO to lead the company's animation studios that handle Angry Birds movies and animated programming. Nokia veteran Pekka Rantala will take over as Rovio CEO on January 1, 2015.
Rovio launched Angry Birds for Apple's iOS devices in 2009, and it became one of the early blockbuster video games of the smartphone era. The franchise has topped more than 2 billion downloads of its games. However, Angry Birds has been overshadowed by newer hit titles including Candy Crush Saga and -- most recently -- Kim Kardashian: Hollywood.
Meanwhile, the company is pressing forward with an Angry Birds animated film slated to launch in summer 2016. Rovio announced the movie's voice cast, which includes Jason Sudeikis, Josh Gad, Maya Rudolph and Peter Dinklage.
Follow Brett Molina on Twitter: @brettmolina23 .
29 CONNECT 83 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1x2sdW8
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

The Mystery Behind Moon s Strange ShapesAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

NCP will continue to support secular parties: PawarNCP will continue to support secular parties: Pawar
Accountability slow to reach rural hospitals0
Fewer than 1 in 20 critical-access hospitals are participating in accountable care organizations, or ACOs, in which hospitals and doctors coordinate services with the promise of bonuses from Medicare if they deliver care more efficiently. Another project, to test new ways to deliver rural health care, is limited to five states and the selection of participants has not been announced even though the deadline for applications was in May.
"It's very unfortunate that critical-access hospitals continue to be exempt from all the new policies aimed at improving quality and safety at hospitals in America," said Leah Binder, CEO of The Leapfrog Group, a nonprofit that evaluates hospital performance for consumers and employers. "If you live in a rural community and you are dependent on a critical-access hospital, the federal government has abandoned you."
Some rural health care leaders say they are rankled at being marginalized and concerned that they could be left behind as reforms spread.
"I do not want to see my hospital on the sidelines," said Don Annis, chief executive of Crawford, which serves people near the Indiana border about four hours south of Chicago. "I want us to be prepared for this."
Instead, Crawford is part of the Illinois Critical Access Hospital Network, which is developing its own ACO. "That's a much better environment to be in," he said.
Medicare officials declined to discuss the issue but said in a written statement that their authority in many areas is limited by Congress.
Critical-access hospitals have other reasons to be leery of the new incentives, as they are not eager to risk losing money if they perform poorly. "Providers are reluctant when they have fragile financial status to participate in the program," said Ira Moscovice, director of the University of Minnesota Rural Health Research Center. But, he said, "I think it's rather shortsighted to think you're going to be excluded from this."
Forty-five states have designated some of their hospitals as critical access under a 17-year-old program that helped stop a wave of closings in rural communities. There are 50 critical-access hospitals in Illinois and even more in Texas, Wisconsin, Nebraska, Kansas, Minnesota and Iowa.
The health law excused critical-access hospitals from inclusion in the early years of Medicare's pay-for-performance incentives. They are exempt from fines levied against hospitals with a large number of patients who return within 30 days, as well as penalties or bonuses based on patient satisfaction reviews and hospital death rates.
Congress gave these hospitals a reprieve because of the difficulty in bringing them into the pay-for-performance programs. Many of the ways Medicare is measuring hospital quality require enough cases to be reliably analyzed, but these tiny hospitals often don't have enough heart attack patients, for instance, to estimate death rates. Other measures look at surgical practices, but critical-access hospitals often ship those patients to bigger institutions. Experts have come up with customized measures that could be used to judge rural hospital quality, such as the time it takes to evaluate a patient in the emergency room.
Other hospitals are required to report quality scores on Medicare's Hospital Compare website. Critical-access hospitals can do that voluntarily, but many do not. Data show that only about 1 out of 3 critical-access hospitals report their emergency room quality measures, even if just to say they did not have enough cases to evaluate. Brock Slabach, an executive at the National Rural Health Association, said the participation level is laudable given that it is voluntary and that the measures are only a few years old.
Tim Size, executive director of the Rural Wisconsin Health Cooperative in Sauk City, a collaborative of 39 hospitals, said it would be a mistake for rural hospitals to avoid the public reporting and payment changes that other hospitals are adopting. "It reinforces a bias that rural hospitals are backwater and you wouldn't want to go there," he said.
Some critical-access hospitals have found ways to get involved in new payment arrangements. The Wisconsin hospitals in Size's cooperative have contracts with private insurers that provide financial incentives for quality. In Batesville, Ind., between Indianapolis and Cincinnati, Margaret Mary Health joined six hospitals and a group of clinics around the country to form a virtual ACO with enough patients to qualify for the Medicare ACO program.
Margaret Mary President Tim Putnam said the effort has had some early success. The ACO discovered that some patients take more than 20 medications, which prompted the hospital to alert doctors and pharmacists to make sure none is duplicative or interacts poorly.
Medicare says 59 critical-access hospitals are participating in 18 of 338 ACOs.
In Robinson, Crawford was twice approached by a large hospital system based in Indianapolis that was creating its own ACO, Crawford CEO Annis said. Though Crawford was ahead of many hospitals in establishing the prerequisites for such partnerships, such as having electronic medical records, the hospital declined the offer, Annis said.
"It's a good system, but would we have a say in determining our future?" he said. "We don't just want to be on the bus; we want to help drive the bus."
Crawford reports results of its patient surveys, which show better marks than the average hospital in every category except noise level at night. Crawford does not report its emergency room wait times, or the average time it took to transfer a heart attack patient needing specialized care to another hospital. Annis said the state does not require critical-access hospitals to report those measures, but it may do so in the future.
"We're a Lilliputian health system," he said. "We do very well. We take great pride in our scores."
As other hospitals change, Crawford needs to change too, he said. "We could be threatened if we don't position ourselves well," he said.
Kaiser Health News is a national health policy news service. It is an editorially independent program of the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation.

IT S NOT YOUR IMAGINATIONIt's Not Your Imagination, Your Health Insurance Has Gotten Worse
Posted:
reddit
The cost of job-based health insurance has risen sharply even as the benefits have become less generous.
A quiet revolution happened to your job-based health benefits and you may not have noticed. It's happened gradually, but insurance looks a lot different than it did just 15 years ago: Americans are paying more and getting less.
That trend is only getting worse.
Gone are the days of deluxe health plans that simply paid employees' medical bills without questions or problems. Now, faced with their own rising health care expenses, employers are forcing more risk for big medical bills onto workers , and asking them to take a more active role in shopping for lower-cost health care than they have before.
Last year, when Amy Czerwinski learned she had breast cancer and would need a double mastectomy as well as seven months of chemotherapy, she was not in the best place to start bargain-hunting for care.
"This is a life-and-death thing," said Czerwinski, a 38-year-old accountant who lives in Hendersonville, Tennessee. "You go to the specialist, and they tell you who they would suggest. I would be afraid to shop around and get a cheaper oncologist."
And that highlights a key problem with putting the onus on patients to be smart shoppers for doctors: The spread of health insurance that makes us pay more money upfront has outpaced the spread of reliable, accessible information about prices and about the quality of medical services.
Health insurance companies and employers use buzzwords like "consumer-directed health plans" to describe these approaches to health benefits. Higher deductibles and other means of making patients pay more when they receive health care -- like "coinsurance" that requires consumers to cover a percentage of their bills rather than charging a flat copayment -- are a way for employers to save money.
The average annual cost of a single worker's insurance plan more than doubled between 1999 and 2013, rising from about $2,200 to around $5,900, according to a survey of employers published by the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation and the Health Research and Educational Trust last month. Over that same time, the average share of that cost paid by single workers inched up from 14 percent to 18 percent -- meaning employers are chipping in less, even as costs rise precipitously.
And in the past five years, another trend has rapidly spread: higher and higher deductibles, which require workers to pay cash upfront for their medical care before the insurance begins picking up a share of the bills. Between 2006 and 2013, the portion of single workers whose plans have deductibles of at least $1,000 jumped from 10 percent to 38 percent, according to the survey.
Deductibles are supposed to give patients a financial motivation -- what insiders call "skin in the game" --  to shop around for less expensive medical providers, and to reconsider treatments they may not need. When you're responsible for paying more of the bill, you're more likely to care about how much something costs.
In some key respects, these changes have been beneficial. In the old days, a patient had no reason to care how much a service or a drug might cost, because their health plan would cover almost all of it. This is one reason U.S. health care spending went up and up over the decades. And the switch to health insurance that requires patients to pay more of the total cost has contributed to a historic slowdown in national health spending and to slower growth in job-based insurance premiums in recent years.
That doesn't mean a whole lot when you get sick, though. Health insurance designed to make workers more cost-conscious also exposes them to big expenses when they need lifesaving care, as Czerwinski learned. "Your insurance won't even touch anything until you hit your deductible," she said.
Photo courtesy of Amy Czerwinski
Czerwinski racked up more than $15,000 in out-of-pocket costs as she struggled to meet the deductibles for her employer's health insurance while undergoing cancer treatments.
"You pretty much ignore the cost, because you just do," she said. "And then when you finally have to start opening the bills, it's kind of too late because you've already incurred the expenses." Her employer and the Patient Advocate Foundation, which referred HuffPost to Czerwinski, helped cover her expenses, she said.
A key element of the reasoning behind large deductibles and higher cost-sharing is that it will spur patients to become smarter consumers of health care who will do the research on which medical providers charge lower prices or have been proven to offer high-quality treatments.
But the facts that patients need in order to make informed choices are hard to find and complex to evaluate .
"I don't even know how you would do that," Czerwinski said. "I didn't even know that was an option."
And people facing high cost-sharing tend to skip not just expensive care they could do without, but also services they actually need , research shows.
There has been some improvement on this score, as health insurance companies, employers and other organizations are gathering and disseminating cost and quality information for patients to use. A growing number of health insurance companies, for example, are sharing these data with a nonprofit called the Health Care Cost Institute , which will publish them on its website next year.
Yet merely making the information available isn't enough, said David Newman, the institute's executive director. "Transparency in and of itself is not going to be the silver bullet. It can help," he said.
Employers who are shifting more responsibility for managing health care costs to workers should do more to make sure their employees understand how their benefits work and get them invested in the new way of doing things, said Julie Stone, the North America health and group benefits leader at Towers Watson, a consulting firm.
"There is an employer role to keep that front and center, and give examples and illustrate [that] it's in everybody's best interests, it's a win-win for the employer and the employee from a cost-management perspective," Stone said.
Czerwinski is now cancer-free, but she still worries about paying for the doctor visits and drugs she'll need to make sure the disease doesn't come back. And she's not confident her health benefits will keep up with her needs or stay on her family's budget.
"Insurance companies don't pay like they used to. And it's only going to get worse, and that's very scary because our salaries are not increasing at the same rate the insurance costs are increasing," Czerwinski said. "It didn't use to be this bad."
More:

Your Health Insurance Has Gotten WorseIt's Not Your Imagination, Your Health Insurance Has Gotten Worse
Posted:
reddit
The cost of job-based health insurance has risen sharply even as the benefits have become less generous.
A quiet revolution happened to your job-based health benefits and you may not have noticed. It's happened gradually, but insurance looks a lot different than it did just 15 years ago: Americans are paying more and getting less.
That trend is only getting worse.
Gone are the days of deluxe health plans that simply paid employees' medical bills without questions or problems. Now, faced with their own rising health care expenses, employers are forcing more risk for big medical bills onto workers , and asking them to take a more active role in shopping for lower-cost health care than they have before.
Last year, when Amy Czerwinski learned she had breast cancer and would need a double mastectomy as well as seven months of chemotherapy, she was not in the best place to start bargain-hunting for care.
"This is a life-and-death thing," said Czerwinski, a 38-year-old accountant who lives in Hendersonville, Tennessee. "You go to the specialist, and they tell you who they would suggest. I would be afraid to shop around and get a cheaper oncologist."
And that highlights a key problem with putting the onus on patients to be smart shoppers for doctors: The spread of health insurance that makes us pay more money upfront has outpaced the spread of reliable, accessible information about prices and about the quality of medical services.
Health insurance companies and employers use buzzwords like "consumer-directed health plans" to describe these approaches to health benefits. Higher deductibles and other means of making patients pay more when they receive health care -- like "coinsurance" that requires consumers to cover a percentage of their bills rather than charging a flat copayment -- are a way for employers to save money.
The average annual cost of a single worker's insurance plan more than doubled between 1999 and 2013, rising from about $2,200 to around $5,900, according to a survey of employers published by the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation and the Health Research and Educational Trust last month. Over that same time, the average share of that cost paid by single workers inched up from 14 percent to 18 percent -- meaning employers are chipping in less, even as costs rise precipitously.
And in the past five years, another trend has rapidly spread: higher and higher deductibles, which require workers to pay cash upfront for their medical care before the insurance begins picking up a share of the bills. Between 2006 and 2013, the portion of single workers whose plans have deductibles of at least $1,000 jumped from 10 percent to 38 percent, according to the survey.
Deductibles are supposed to give patients a financial motivation -- what insiders call "skin in the game" --  to shop around for less expensive medical providers, and to reconsider treatments they may not need. When you're responsible for paying more of the bill, you're more likely to care about how much something costs.
In some key respects, these changes have been beneficial. In the old days, a patient had no reason to care how much a service or a drug might cost, because their health plan would cover almost all of it. This is one reason U.S. health care spending went up and up over the decades. And the switch to health insurance that requires patients to pay more of the total cost has contributed to a historic slowdown in national health spending and to slower growth in job-based insurance premiums in recent years.
That doesn't mean a whole lot when you get sick, though. Health insurance designed to make workers more cost-conscious also exposes them to big expenses when they need lifesaving care, as Czerwinski learned. "Your insurance won't even touch anything until you hit your deductible," she said.
Photo courtesy of Amy Czerwinski
Czerwinski racked up more than $15,000 in out-of-pocket costs as she struggled to meet the deductibles for her employer's health insurance while undergoing cancer treatments.
"You pretty much ignore the cost, because you just do," she said. "And then when you finally have to start opening the bills, it's kind of too late because you've already incurred the expenses." Her employer and the Patient Advocate Foundation, which referred HuffPost to Czerwinski, helped cover her expenses, she said.
A key element of the reasoning behind large deductibles and higher cost-sharing is that it will spur patients to become smarter consumers of health care who will do the research on which medical providers charge lower prices or have been proven to offer high-quality treatments.
But the facts that patients need in order to make informed choices are hard to find and complex to evaluate .
"I don't even know how you would do that," Czerwinski said. "I didn't even know that was an option."
And people facing high cost-sharing tend to skip not just expensive care they could do without, but also services they actually need , research shows.
There has been some improvement on this score, as health insurance companies, employers and other organizations are gathering and disseminating cost and quality information for patients to use. A growing number of health insurance companies, for example, are sharing these data with a nonprofit called the Health Care Cost Institute , which will publish them on its website next year.
Yet merely making the information available isn't enough, said David Newman, the institute's executive director. "Transparency in and of itself is not going to be the silver bullet. It can help," he said.
Employers who are shifting more responsibility for managing health care costs to workers should do more to make sure their employees understand how their benefits work and get them invested in the new way of doing things, said Julie Stone, the North America health and group benefits leader at Towers Watson, a consulting firm.
"There is an employer role to keep that front and center, and give examples and illustrate [that] it's in everybody's best interests, it's a win-win for the employer and the employee from a cost-management perspective," Stone said.
Czerwinski is now cancer-free, but she still worries about paying for the doctor visits and drugs she'll need to make sure the disease doesn't come back. And she's not confident her health benefits will keep up with her needs or stay on her family's budget.
"Insurance companies don't pay like they used to. And it's only going to get worse, and that's very scary because our salaries are not increasing at the same rate the insurance costs are increasing," Czerwinski said. "It didn't use to be this bad."
More:

High auto insurance is hurting low-income families  says reportBy Danielle Douglas-Gabriel September 30 Follow @DaniDougPost
GM Chevy Sparks sat on the lot at Webb Chevrolet dealership in Plainfield, Ill., last Wednesday. (Daniel Acker/Bloomberg)
For someone making $21,000 a year, paying $500 a year for auto insurance can be a struggle. Yet low-income families across the country are paying about that much for minimum coverage, even with clean driving records, according to the Consumer Federation of America.
Researchers at the advocacy group found that the five largest auto insurers — Allstate, Farmers, GEICO, Progressive and State Farm — do not offer basic policies to safe drivers for less than $500 a year in more than one-third of the nation’s low-income areas.
“High insurance premiums act to deny [low-income] Americans economic opportunity and also help to explain why so many low-income drivers drive without insurance,” said Tom Feltner, CFA’s director of financial services and the principal author of the report, on a call with reporters Monday.
Feltner and his team analyzed 81,000 premium quotes from the insurers across Zip codes in 50 large urban regions, comparing minimum coverage in neighborhoods with median household incomes of less than $41,638. A majority of drivers in the lowest-income Zip codes earned less than $21,000 a year.
Nearly half of the 50 regions examined had at least one lower-income Zip code where annual premiums charged by the big five insurers exceeded $500, according to the report . In nine areas, including Detroit, Orlando and Baltimore, prices exceeded $500 in all lower-income Zip codes.
Baltimore resident Sharnette Streat, 45, pays Allstate $1,764 a year to insure her 2004 Ford Escape. The mother of three said she hasn’t had any points on her driver’s license in 10 years, yet she is unable to find a lower rate. To make matters worse, her annual premium went up $288 in August, adding strain to an already stretched budget.
The $855 she takes in every two weeks from her job has to cover her mortgage, insurance, groceries, utilities and medication for her high blood pressure. And with a door-to-door commute of 60 miles a day to get to her job at the Maryland State Comptroller’s Office in Annapolis, Streat estimates that she shells out at least $30 in gas every two days.
“When you add all of that up, it’s just hard to make ends meet,” Streat said. “Those points came off my license, and I haven’t had any problems since then. So, why do I have to pay so much?”
Allstate, along with Farmers, deferred all questions to the Insurance Information Institute. The trade group’s president, Robert Hartwig, said the price of auto insurance is determined by a number of factors tied to risk, including car usage, where the car is parked and credit history. Insurance in urban areas, he said, tends to cost more because of higher rates of theft and accidents and higher repair costs.
“Insurers offer policies at a price that reflect the risks of every given area and every category of driver,” Hartwig said. “If the driver fits the risks characteristics that would produce the lowest possible premium, then that driver will likely be offered that premium.”
Hartwig said the institute found that on average auto insurance accounts for less than 2 percent of median family income. He pointed to federal data that said the cost of auto insurance for Americans with the lowest incomes fell 14 percent between 2008 and 2012.
Janet Johnson, a 46-year-old mother of nine in Salisbury, Md., said it certainly doesn’t seem like premiums are getting cheaper. And with her $10-an-hour job installing computers, it’s certainly no easier for her to scrape together the $137.62 a month, or $1,651.44 a year, she pays State Farm to insure her 2001 Hundai Sonata.
State Farm did not respond to request for comment; neither did GEICO or Progressive.
“If they went by my income, there is no way I would have to pay as much as I do now,” said Johnson, who noted that she has no points on her license. “I’m just getting back into the workforce, and I need that car. But the insurance is taking a lot out of what I need to get by.”
Johnson is exactly the kind of person that the federation believes could benefit from the sort of program California offers to low-income, safe drivers. The state provides minimal liability coverage, averaging between $226 and $338 a year, to drivers who make under $55,000 annually, have cars worth less than $20,000 and have driven at least three years with a clean record. A handful of state legislatures, including the Maryland General Assembly, have begun studying whether a similar program could work in their state.
The federation is urging states to replicate California’s program, which provides enough coverage to fund claims without any subsidy. The group would also like the National Association of Insurance Commissioners to develop a model to help state insurance regulators track auto insurance costs for lower-income drivers.
The report is the eighth in a series of studies the federation has issued on the struggles that low-income families have finding affordable auto insurance. Using an example of coverage for a 30-year-old woman with a clean driving record, the latest study looked at quotes in different Zip codes. The hypothetical woman had a license for 14 years with no accidents or moving violations and was in the market for minimum required liability coverage on a 2000 Honda Civic.
Hartwig argues that the premise of the study doesn’t reflect the reality of “urban areas, where accident frequency rates are higher than they are in general.” He advises families who are unhappy with their insurance to shop around for a better rate.
But shopping around for a better premium is no guarantee that lower-income families will find an affordable rate, said Marty Schwartz, president and founder of Vehicles for Change, a nonprofit organization that repairs donated cars and sells them to low-income families for as little as $750. His staff helps clients map out a budget to make sure they can afford to maintain a car, but he said many families are left with little money after paying insurance.
“We work with folks that help our families find the lowest possible rate,” Schwartz said. “But our families all pay more for the car insurance than they do for the car, and they’re only carrying minimum coverage.”
Danielle Douglas-Gabriel covers student debt. Before that, she wrote about the banking industry.

Motorola Solutions CEO bristles at inversions being called unpatrioticMotorola Solutions CEO bristles at inversions being called unpatriotic
Caption Greg Brown, CEO, Motorola Solutions
Nancy Stone / Chicago Tribune / 2012
Greg Brown, CEO of Motorola Solutions, pictured here speaking to the Chicago Tribune editorial board, spoke at the Economic Club of Chicago.
Greg Brown, CEO of Motorola Solutions, pictured here speaking to the Chicago Tribune editorial board, spoke at the Economic Club of Chicago. (Nancy Stone / Chicago Tribune / 2012)
Caption Greg Brown at the Economic Club of Chicago
Amina Elahi / Blue Sky / Sept. 29, 2014
Greg Brown speaks to a full room at the Economic Club of Chicago.
Greg Brown speaks to a full room at the Economic Club of Chicago. (Amina Elahi / Blue Sky / Sept. 29, 2014)
Motorola Solutions, Inc. Greg Brown Carl Icahn Sanjay K. Jha Miles D. White
Motorola Solutions CEO: Don't call inversions 'unpatriotic'; fix issues
Motorola Solutions CEO Greg Brown flared at criticism of companies that move their headquarters abroad for tax purposes in an address Monday night to the Economic Club of Chicago.
Keeping his comments measured even when describing fraught situations in his own career — including activist investor Carl Icahn agitating him for change and having to share the CEO title of a pre-split Motorola with Sanjay Jha —Brown showed spark when protesting politicians who decried the deals known as inversions.
@kowalski. - You're looking in the wrong place for a "red herring"....it's in the Motorola CEO's being called out for his phony indignation about inversions being unpatriotic (which they are).
IlinoisTaxpayer
6
Brown praised a July 17 op-ed by Miles D. White in the Wall Street Journal in which the Abbott Laboratories CEO and chairman argued against branding inverting companies unpatriotic. Abbott spinoff AbbVie has a deal pending to acquire Dublin-based Shire in which it intends to invert, despite recent changes to tax law aimed at making inversions less beneficial.
As for Brown: “He was relaying his personal view” on the irony of politicians criticizing inverting CEOs, said Kurt Ebenhoch, Motorola Solutions’ head of corporate communications. “No inversion is currently being considered."
Brown said comprehensive immigration reform, an area where he has been a strong advocate, is another casualty of political posturing.
On other issues, Brown noted that Motorola Solutions’ downtown office at 224 S. Michigan Ave. attracts young urban talent not interested in trekking to Schaumburg and it would likely locate more employees there. Its corporate headquarters remain in the northwest suburb.
And he reviewed the history and challenges of a company that was founded in 1928 and named for “motor car” and “Victrola,” invented the cell phone , then lost its way as voice calls moved to data and the competing iPhone arrived. The company now is focused on security products and networks.

Subaru and Scion beat competition with most traffic ticketsSubaru and Scion beat competition with most traffic tickets
2014 Subaru WRX STI
Subaru
The newest generation of the Subaru WRX STI drives like a racecar. It's stiff and fast and fun on curvy roads. And it starts at $34,495. While it's not a Porsche, it can be as fun as one.
The newest generation of the Subaru WRX STI drives like a racecar. It's stiff and fast and fun on curvy roads. And it starts at $34,495. While it's not a Porsche, it can be as fun as one. (Subaru)
Owners of the Subaru WRX and Scion are the most ticketed, according to insurance.com.
One in four drivers aged 16 to 24 has been ticketed for a traffic violation.
1 in 5 drivers got a ticket in past 3 years, but 1 in 3 owners of the Subaru WRX and Scion FR-S got tagged.
Certain cars attract certain drivers.
8
Owners of the turbocharged all-wheel-drive Subaru WRX get more tickets than any other car, with one in every three owners reporting a traffic violation in the past three years, according to a recent study by Insurance.com.
 “The fact that you have a WRX is not causing you to get a ticket,” explains Des Toups, Managing Editor of the insurance shopping site. “You are.”
More than half of all teenagers killed in auto accidents were not wearing seat belts ( Robert Duffer )
Owners of the Pontiac GTO, Scion FR-S, Toyota Supra and Subaru Tribeca rounded out the top five spots. The data was based on info provided by 557,238 drivers shopping for car insurance from January 1, 2013 to July 2014. While nearly one in five owners have reported getting a ticket in the last three years, owners of the top five are ticketed at a rate much closer to one in three, despite more high-performance sports cars coming in under the radar.
0
“It’s not about horsepower,” Toups says. “The Chevrolet Corvette, Dodge Viper and Nissan GT-R rank well below average for tickets. You can have incredibly powerful cars that are cheap to insure because they’re driven by a more mature demographic.”
Insurance companies pay more attention to claims than tickets because it costs them more, but cars with a greater incidence of tickets are more likely to lead to claims. Even if you’re a perfect driver, your car type will warrant a higher premium if the model has a lot of claims. The result is that it may cost more to insure a Scion FR-S than a Corvette.
Subarus and Scions tend to be favored by younger drivers. The SRX is the most ticketed model, but Scion is the most ticketed make, with 27.5 percent of owners reporting a violation.
While there is little variation in rates of ticketing between gender and between states, drivers aged 16 to 24 accrue a disproportionate amount of traffic violations, with one in every four reporting a ticket.
“You’re probably going to get the most tickets and accidents in your life when you’re in that youngest age bucket,” Toups says.
While muscle and performance cars didn’t much impact the top 20, there were some surprises. Drivers of the Mercury Topaz were the seventh most ticketed, while the 100-horsepower Mazda2 and the Toyota Prius cracked the list.
“[The list] confirms and confounds expectations,” Toups says. The Suzuki Reno came in at 13th.
Here’s the percentage of owners who reported a traffic violation in the past three years.
1. Subaru WRX – 33.6%

Hong Kong chief says  better to cast vote than watch TVProtesters shout slogans outside a flag-raising ceremony where Hong Kong's embattled leader attended in Hong Kong, Wednesday, Oct. 1, 2014, to mark China's National Day. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Hong Kong | Posted: October 1, 2014 9:18 am | Updated: October 1, 2014 10:57 am
Hong Kong’s embattled leader attended a flag-raising ceremony Wednesday to mark China’s National Day after refusing to meet pro-democracy demonstrators despite their threats to expand the street protests that have posed the stiffest challenge to Beijing’s authority since China took control of the former British colony in 1997.
READ: Hong Kong leader says Beijing won’t back down
Hong Kong Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying took part in the ceremony — marking the anniversary of the founding of communist China in 1949 — as hundreds of protesters behind police barricades yelled at him to step down, although they fell silent and turned their backs when the ceremony began.
Helicopters flew past carrying the Hong Kong and Chinese flags, with the latter noticeably bigger.
In a speech, Leung made no direct mention of the protesters, who have blocked streets for days across the city to press demands for genuine democratic reforms for Hong Kong’s first direct elections in 2017 to choose the city’s top leader. Beijing has restricted the voting reforms, requiring candidates to be screened by a committee of mostly pro-Beijing local elites similar to the one who handpicked Leung for the job.
READ: Hong Kong pro-democracy protesters defy tear gas
“It is definitely better to have universal suffrage than not,” Leung said. “It is definitely better to have the chief executive elected by 5 million eligible voters than by 1,200 people. And it is definitely better to cast your vote at the polling station than to stay home and watch on television the 1,200 members of the Election Committee cast their votes.”
As he spoke to a group of dignitaries, pro-democracy lawmaker Leung Kwok-hung shouted for him to step down before he was bundled away by security. Local councilor Paul Zimmerman held up a yellow umbrella — umbrellas used by protesters to deflect police pepper spray have become a symbol of the nonviolent civil disobedience movement.
China took control of Hong Kong under an arrangement that guaranteed its 7 million people semi-autonomy, Western-style civil liberties and eventual democratic freedoms that are denied to Chinese living on the communist-ruled mainland.
The territory’s first direct elections are set for 2017, but the recent move by the Chinese government saying the special committee will screen the candidates is seen as reneging on a promise that the chief executive will be chosen through “universal suffrage.”
Changing that is one of the major demands of the protesters.
The growing protests have attracted worldwide attention, with British Prime Minister David Cameron saying continued…

Lufthansa announces superjumbo A-380 flights to Delhiair transport
The German carrier’s A-380 services would begin from October 27 between Frankfurt and Delhi.
After Singapore Airlines and Emirates, Lufthansa on Wednesday announced the launch of flights of the superjumbo Airbus A-380 to India from here later in October.
The German carrier’s A-380 services would begin from October 27 between Frankfurt and Delhi, with the aircraft being configured to carry 520 passengers in three classes-eight in First Class, 92 in Business Class and 420 in Economy.
Currently, Singapore Airlines and Emirates operate A-380 in India from Mumbai and Delhi airports. Singapore Airlines introduced superjumbo flights in May this year while Emirates began its first A-380 service in July.
“The A-380 is the world’s largest commercial passenger jet and offers the finest in terms of flying comfort, luxury and efficiency. With the new A-380, Lufthansa customers will be able to experience Lufthansa’s latest in-flight products and services including the state-of-the art First Class,” the airline’s Director South Asia Wolfgang Will said.
The Lufthansa superjumbo would depart from Delhi at 0330 hours to reach Frankfurt at 0720 hours. On its return leg, it would start from Frankfurt at 1340 hours and will arrive in Delhi at 0130 hours on the next day.
The largest and the heaviest passenger aircraft A-380 is 73 metres long and has a take-off weight of 560 tons. It is powered by four Rolls-Royce engines, but is known to be “quite” a plane, using less fuel.
Will said the passengers would have access to the latest in-flight products like the luxurious comfort in First Class, a sophisticated new business class with full flat-beds and a “comfort-enhanced” Economy Class with more legroom and wider seats.
Both Emirates and Singapore Airlines officials have said the passenger load factors on their A-380s on the India route have been satisfactory and there has been more demand for business class travel.
Government had in January decided to allow the operations of the A-380s. At present, only four airports-Delhi, Mumbai, Hyderabad and Bangalore-have the infrastructure needed to handle the flights of the gigantic aircraft.

Michael Skapinker: Career choicesConference management is an excellent career choice
By Michael Skapinker
The job can be rewarding but makes exacting demands and requires significant skills
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f29b0eea-4804-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama watermelon-toothpaste controversy: Apologetic Boston Herald cartoonist says  I detest racist humorby JERRY HOLBERT/The Boston Herald
 
TODAY’S INSTANTLY INFAMOUS “watermelon-flavored toothpaste” Obama cartoon  (above) was not only published in the Boston Herald. Jerry Holbert’s shocking commentary was also sent out to his clients by his syndicate, Universal Uclick. But here’s the toothpaste-toon capper, if not the real twist:
The version of Holbert’s cartoon that was distributed to client newspapers and outlets says instead: “raspberry-flavored toothpaste” — rendering the work about as benign as floss.
So what happened, exactly? Clearly someone at the Kansas City-based syndicate had the correct judgment to call up “Rewrite!” for Holbert’s cartoon, which satirizes Secret Service failures involving incidents like that of recent White House intruder Omar Gonzalez .
That someone is Reed Jackson, associate editor at Universal Uclick.
“I’m Jerry Holbert’s editor at the syndicate,” Jackson tells The Post’s Comic Riffs. “When I saw the cartoon, the ‘watermelon’ flavor immediately stood out to me, for two reasons: First, the racial subtext that the line unintentionally introduced distracted from the cartoon’s point; and second, watermelon flavoring is only available in children’s toothpaste, so it would be a weird thing for adults to brush their teeth with.”
For both those reasons, Jackson suggested to Holbert that he replace the flavor. The veteran cartoonist’s email reply made one thing evident to the editor: No racist slur had been intended.
“Yes, he made it very clear via [email] that the racial element hadn’t occurred to him,” Jackson tells Comic Riffs.
“So I suggested to Jerry that he replace watermelon with a different flavor, and he agreed,” Jackson continues. “He’d recently seen a tube of watermelon toothpaste and thought it was an odd flavor, and it stuck with him, so he included it in the cartoon. He was happy to change it.
“I suggested something like ‘lime spearmint zest,’ but Holbert went with the simpler and more elegant ‘raspberry.’ ”
 
by JERRY HOLBERT/Universal Uclick
 
“I feel awful about the perception that it was racist, but it was nothing of the sort,” Holbert tells The Post’s Comic Riffs. “I wanted another flavor of toothpaste for the cartoon, and we had a bottle of Colgate kids’ toothpaste that was watermelon-flavored … watermelon seems to be a big flavor these days, so…I went with it.”
“It was a completely innocent attempt at humor, but it did not come across that way to some people,” Holbert continues. “I have said I am sorry for offending anyone — I never intended to do that. I never even thought about the racial element. I wish I had, but I did not. A bit dumb on my part — I should have thought it through more.”
Holbert acknowledged that after he was contacted by the syndicate and changed the cartoon’s wording, he then failed to alert his Herald editors to the change by Universal’s Jackson, who had thought it through more. In retrospect, Holbert tells Comic Riffs, that failure to do so was a “big mistake on my part.”(Holbert’s Herald editors have said they didn’t have an issue with the cartoon as submitted.)
Holbert says his aim was only to skewer the lax security surrounding President Obama. “Now it has all blown up around racism,” the cartoonist tells The Post’s Comic Riffs, “which is something I detest. I never make racist humor.”
Update: In an apology published Thursday in the Herald, Holbert wrote in part: “Unfortunately, my choice of toothpaste flavors evoked old stereotypes, which I mistakenly overlooked. I will do my absolute best to be more careful and sensitive to all angles suggested by elements in my cartoons in the future.”
Amid the outcry, Holbert — who has been honored by the National Cartoonists Society and the New England Press Association — and his newspaper have publicly apologized for the cartoon. Yet the incident serves as a resonant reminder of at least two things:
Unfortunately for Holbert, he can’t put the toothpaste of controversy back in the tube.
And a good editor is always the best protection against a stained reputation.
Writer/artist/visual storyteller Michael Cavna is creator of the "Comic Riffs" column and graphic-novel reviewer for The Post's Book World. He relishes sharp-eyed satire in most any form.

The Marshmallow Test© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4eb51788-45b8-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bikers unexpected role in Brazilian electionShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Bikers unexpected role in Brazilian election
Sep 30, 2014 : São Paulo's army of motorbike couriers have been dragged into a bitter war over the city's public transport, one of the biggest issues affecting October’s presidential and local elections. The FT's Samantha Pearson reports on their unlikely entry into the political fray.
Credits: Filmed & produced by Christopher Booker.

China property downturn may force rate cutShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
China property downturn may force rate cut
Oct 1, 2014 : With its property market slowing, Beijing may end up having to lower rates, says independent economic adviser George Magnus. But he tells Ralph Atkins, FT capital markets editor, the rebalancing of China's economy is likely to be anything but smooth.

Narendra Modi and his plan to transform IndiaNarendra Modi and his plan to transform India Oct 01, 2014 - 3:29 pm
India’s prime minister has grabbed the headlines with high profile meetings with leaders of the US, Japan and China, and announcing a successful satellite mission to Mars. Many see him as the best hope India has had for years to transform the country into an industrial power. Victor Mallet, South Asia bureau chief, talks to Fiona Symon about Mr Modi's ambitions and the things that stand in his way.

Gasoline is (relatively) cheap and getting cheaperGasoline is (relatively) cheap and getting cheaper
Gas prices
Chris Walker / Chicago Tribune
A Chicago motorist pumps gas at a BP station at Marine Drive and Lawrence Avenue on the North Side.
A Chicago motorist pumps gas at a BP station at Marine Drive and Lawrence Avenue on the North Side. (Chris Walker / Chicago Tribune)
Already cheap gas is expected to get cheaper this fall
Gas prices average a relatively cheap $3.47 per gallon in Illinois
Gas is dirt cheap at the pump right now (at least comparatively speaking) and could get even cheaper by year’s end, according to price watchers.
Tuesday, global crude oil prices plunged to their lower level in 27 months, closing at $95 per barrel, a more than $20 drop since June, according to GasBuddy.com, which tracks gasoline prices, helped along by lower demand and a drop in the price of corn for making ethanol.

Housing Barometer: Recovery Continues  But Virtuous Cycle Not So Saintly35%
25%
For each indicator, we compare the latest available data to (1) its worst reading for that indicator during the housing bust and (2) its pre-bubble "normal" level
Existing home sales (excluding distressed) were 80% back to normal in August, up from 64% one quarter earlier, after stumbling from 79% one year ago. Distressed sales keep falling. Increasingly, foreclosures are concentrated in states with a foreclosure laws that result in a longer legal process. Existing sales are in better shape than new home sales, dominating the market even more than usual. The ratio of existing to new home sales was 10:1 in August, compared with a long-term normal ratio of 6:1..
Home prices continue to climb, though at a slower rate. Trulia's Bubble Watch shows prices were 3.4% undervalued in 2014 Q3, compared with 13.5% undervalued at the worst of the housing bust. That means prices are three-fourths of the way back to their "normal" level at which they're neither over- nor undervalued.
The delinquency + foreclosure rate was 74% back to normal in August, the same as one quarter ago and up significantly from 56% one year ago. With the share of mortgage borrowers with negative or near-negative equity dropping, the default rate should continue to go down.
New construction starts are 49% back to normal, the same as one quarter ago and up from 37% one year ago. Multi-unit starts continue to lead the construction recovery. Year-to-date multi-unit starts are up 23% year-over-year, versus just 3% for single-family starts. Even though single-family starts are far below normal levels, household formation looks too weak to support more single-family homebuilding.
Employment for young adults brings up the rear. August's three-month moving average shows that 75.7% of adults age 25-34 are employed, which is just 37% of the way back to normal. Because young adults need jobs in order to move out of their parents' homes , form their own households, and eventually become homeowners, the housing recovery depends on millennials finding work. Among 25-34 year-olds, just 12% who have jobs live with their parents. By contrast, 21% without jobs do.
The Housing Market and the Broader Economy Aren't Helping Each Other
The two lagging Housing Barometer measures - construction and young-adult employment - connect the housing market to the job market. First, housing should help jobs: construction adds to employment not only in homebuilding but also in related industries like furniture manufacturing and home-improvement retailing. Second, jobs should help housing: young adults are more likely to rent or buy, rather than live with others, if they have jobs. In this recovery, young-adult employment and construction are weak - so the virtuous cycle of housing and jobs isn't looking quite so virtuous.
That's not to say that housing isn't doing anything for the economy. Rising home prices make homeowners wealthier, and the more wealth people have, the more they spend. And the decline in defaults and foreclosures have helped stabilize the financial system and hard-hit neighborhoods. As we've seen, home prices right themselves, as undervalued homes attract investors and other buyers, pushing prices back up. In turn, higher prices make defaults less likely.
But as the housing recovery continues, it depends less on the " rebound effect " - this tendency of the housing prices to right themselves - and more on such fundamentals as jobs, income growth, and household formation. These have been slow to improve in this recovery. In particular, the Housing Barometer shows that young-adult employment lags. What's more, new Census data showed that median income has stagnated and household formation is far below normal levels. In this recovery, jobs and housing can't get what they need from each other.
 
NOTE: Trulia's Housing Barometer tracks five measures: existing home sales excluding distressed (NAR), home prices (Trulia Bubble Watch), delinquency + foreclosure rate (Black Knight), new home starts (Census), and the employment rate for 25-34 year-olds (BLS). Also, our estimate of the "normal" share of sales that are distressed is 5%; Black Knight reports that the share was in the 3-5% range during the bubble. For each measure, we compare the latest available data to (1) the worst reading for that indicator during the housing bust and (2) its pre-bubble "normal" level. We use a three-month average to smooth volatility for the four indicators that are reported monthly (all but home prices). The latest data are from August for the employment rate, existing home sales, new construction starts, and the delinquency + foreclosure rate; and Q3 for home prices.
Follow Jed Kolko on Twitter: www.twitter.com/JedKolko
More:

5 Questions to Ask When Hiring an Ad Agencyreddit
Selecting an advertising agency can -- and should be -- a positive experience for any business.  With the right partner, you can grow and develop your brand and in turn, your bottom line.  But like hiring the right employee, selecting an agency partner can be a challenge. To ensure that you find the right agency "match," consider these five questions to help guide your search for a partner who will serve as a brand steward for you and your business.
1. What kind of agency am I really looking for? Are your needs more focused in digital, print or direct response?  Or are you seeking a fully integrated approach?  Regardless of your current needs, it's key to focus on the big picture and to find a partner who can work with you now -- and into the future as your business changes and evolves.
What's more, your winning agency should be one who fully understands your mission, core values and business goals. I believe that it's the agency's job to ask what keeps you up at night and to be a partner in facing and overcoming these challenges.  To do this, it's critical that your partner agency knows who they are, what they offer and how they can work with you to achieve the set goals.
2. How do they value their clients? If an agency has a number of long-term clients, this can only mean one thing: the agency is making money for these clients.  In most cases, this level of ongoing and consistent success will translate to you and your business.  Sure, clients shift with time, but there is a big difference between serial one-off campaigns and a healthy mix of new projects and long-term growth.  Twenty-seven projects with twenty-seven different companies don't show a strong track record.
When interviewing your agency, inquire about the length and scope of their work with individual businesses and ask about clients who have taken the agency with them, when moving on to new roles.  These are always my favorite case studies to share because they allow us to demonstrate both our work and our ability to build and maintain excellent client relationships.
3. Does all of their creative look the same? People are important, but the next step is to turn a critical eye to the end product. If you're looking at an agency's portfolio and see the same themes and styles each time, think about what you'll be getting.  Chances are, you'll be on the receiving end of those same ideas -- recycled for your brand.
Instead, look for the agency's work to echo their client's individual brand promise, style and messaging.  If the agency's "stamp" is too obvious, it may be more about their brand than yours.  Remember, the creative should work for the client, not the other way around.
4. Can I see myself working with these people every day? Simply put, the best relationship with an agency is one that will last for years and grow into a true partnership.  When meeting with your agency as part of the pitch process, make sure that the A-team who presents won't be walking away from your account the moment you've signed a contract. Then think about the chemistry factor: if you can't see yourself working day-to-day with the people on your account team, chances are that the relationship won't last for the long haul.
These should be people you can see yourself collaborating with, who make it about you, the customer.  On the flip side, I know that having an engaged and enthusiastic team that gets along well with the client will mean better work product, less account turnover and happier employees.  Good chemistry is a win/win for both parties.
5. How will this agency expand my network? Whenever you are hiring a new partner, especially an advertising agency that will be charged with increasing your brand's overall awareness, there is the potential to expand your businesses network.
A good agency should be led by people who are resourceful and resilient and who can connect you and your brand to other people and organizations. They should always be on the lookout for ways to help grow your business and be a true brand ambassador. As the principal of my agency, I am always looking to expand my client's networks through my own, like The Committee of 200 ( C200 ) and the Women Presidents' Organization ( WPO ), of which I am a member.  Whenever I'm talking to fellow C200 and WPO members, or anyone in the business community, I'm always thinking about how these relationships can benefit my clients--because my business is only successful if my clients are successful.
More:

Suicide attack in Afghanistan kills 3Print
Associated Press | Kabul | Posted: October 2, 2014 11:57 am
Officials say that a suicide bomber has killed three army officers and wounded seven others in Kabul, a day after two such attacks killed 11.
A district police chief, Hafeiz Khan, said the suicide bomber blew himself up Thursday morning in front of an army minibus that was taking the soldiers to work.
Taliban spokesman Zabiullha Mhujahid sent a text message taking responsibility for the attack.
On Wednesday, Taliban suicide bombers struck two buses carrying Afghan soldiers in Kabul, killing 11 people and wounding about 20 others.

Sahara chief Subrata Roy moved back to jail cellAditya Kalra and Devidutta Tripathy     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 2, 2014  | 21:36 IST
Sahara Founder & Chairman Subrata Roy (Photo: Reuters)
Subrata Roy, the founder and chairman of Sahara Group, is back in a jail cell after living in a makeshift prison office for two months as he tried to negotiate the sale of his luxury hotels, a jail official said on Thursday.
The Sahara chief had been allowed to use an office, phone, internet connection and three secretaries in the Delhi prison to facilitate the sale of the three hotels including Grosvenor House in London and the Plaza in New York.
He needs to raise Rs 100 billion ($1.6 billion) from the hotel sales to have a chance of release on bail.
Roy was jailed for contempt of court in March amid a long-running dispute with the capital markets watchdog over Sahara's failure to repay billions of dollars to investors who were sold outlawed bonds.
The Sahara chief was moved back to a cell after a court-imposed deadline for the use of the office expired, although the businessman had requested more time, Tihar Jail spokesman Mukesh Prasad said.
"He was asking officials. We told him we don't have the power to extend those facilities," the spokesman said.
The company says it is in talks with multiple potential buyers but a company spokesman did not answer calls seeking comment on Thursday.
In September, a senior company executive told Reuters that the firm would prefer mortgaging its trophy overseas hotel properties rather than selling them.
(Reuters)

Scott Olson / Getty Images  filescott olson / getty images  file
Cab rental cos pitching on e-wallet for speedy serviceCab rental cos pitching on e-wallet for speedy service
Priyanka Pani
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept. 30:  
Close on the heels of ecommerce retailers, online car rental companies are getting digitally savvy when it comes to transactions. Mumbai-based Meru Cabs and Bangalore-based Ola Cabs have launched their digital wallets.
Other cab service providers like Savaari, Taxiforsure, TabCab, Uber and Mytaxiindia are also said to be in talks with firms such as Citrus, PayU and Paytm for creating a mobile or digital wallet. The latter is a payment system that lets people pay for the purchases or services using their phones, rather than cash or credit cards.
Siddhartha Pahwa, CEO, Meru Cabs told Business Line that with more and more people turning to the cab service for their daily commute, digital wallets tend to come in handy, as consumers do not have to worry about tendering the exact change, or finding an ATM machine during peak hours. Digital wallets offer customers the power to transact anywhere and anytime, opting from myriad payment modes in the most convenient manner.
Amrish Rau, Managing Director, Citrus Payment, pointed out that since time is of utmost importance in today’s fast paced world, companies are seeking faster ways to make payments in a secure manner.
Digital wallet
Industry experts said that with the increasing use of smartphones by consumers to shop and make transactions, companies are betting big on the digital wallet technology. It is already gaining acceptance among consumers in the developed countries.
Incidentally, the world’s largest mobile and technology company Apple launched iPhone 6 and a smartwatch with a digital wallet in it, allowing users to avoid cash and payments by credit cards.
A digital wallet can be used for payment of the trip, and can also be used at select outlets of third party retailers. Customers register and load money into the app via their credit card, debit card or through net banking. This amount can be used at the click of a button from the app to make payments. Users can recharge their account for up to Rs 5,000.
“Through digital wallets, consumers can also pay for the service used by their relatives or friends in some other city,” Pahwa added.
Meru has over 4 million registered users, and about 70 per cent of its bookings are via its digital app. Similarly for Ola, started by IITian Bhavish Agarwal and Ankit Bhati, 70 per cent of bookings come via the app, which is available across Android, iOS and Windows platforms.
The digital payment mechanism also helps service providers understand customers better, thereby increasing marketing return on investment (ROI), ensure customer loyalty and reduce churn. They can provide customised promotional offers by monitoring customers' buying habits, keeping track of their preferences and frequency of purchase, as well as respond to queries in real time.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

China backs HK leader over tear gasHK Government offices closed as protests continue
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/41394eae-49f9-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gadkari doesn t rule out post-poll pact with Shiv SenaComments
In an indication of a possible post-poll understanding with Shiv Sena, Union minister Nitin Gadkari has said that BJP could consider joining hands again with its estranged ally if the situation so demanded.
Describing the split in the 25-year-long saffron alliance in Maharashtra as most "unfortunate and painful," Gadkari, when asked about a post poll tie-up with the Sena said, "If the situation arises, we can certainly think of that. Shiv Sena has been our ally bound together on the base of Hindutva."
Read: If there is Modi wave, why BJP has called PM for rallies: Sena
Stating that there is "bitterness" about the Sena in BJP, he said, "We have the same amount of love for Bal Thackeray as we have for Atalji." "Our parliamentary board will consider these issues if necessary," he added.
When asked whether BJP would consider taking support of NCP-Congress after the elections as an expediency, Gadkari said, "We will get majority. No ifs and buts."
The lone Sena member of NDA cabinet Anant Geete need not resign and nobody from BJP has asked him to step down, he told a Marathi news channel.
Read: Geete rules out resignation, says Sena still part of NDA
Meanwhile, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray attacked BJP saying it "used" the Sena to capture power in Delhi and broke the alliance afterwards for the Maharashtra elections.
Recalling the late Pramod Mahajan and Gopinath Munde's role in keeping the saffron alliance intact over the years, he said, "These BJP leaders never pushed things to the breaking point."
"Now for today's BJP leaders, it has become a game of chess," he said.
Thackeray, addressing a meeting at Parbhani in the state's Marathwada region last night, also ridiculed BJP's slogan which seeks blessings of Shiv Chhatrapati saying that the party never even celebrated Shivjayanti.
Read: BJP readies Modi blitz for Maharashtra, Haryana
Would've been happy if Sena-BJP alliance continued: Advani
Meanwhile breaking his silence over the  Sena-BJP split in Maharashtra, veteran BJP leader L K Advani said he would have been happy if the alliance had continued.
 
"I would have been happier, if this would not have been broken. But, this is also right that people from our party were saying that the seat-sharing formula was not proper and we should get more seats," Advani told reporters in Ahmedabad.
 
"When I was informed about this (alliance break-up), as Uddhav Thackeray called  up and told me, then I talked to Gadkariji and he  told me that he was dealing with the issue," he said.
 
Advani also said that he was not involved in the BJP and Sena's seat-sharing talks.
 
"I do not know much about this matter as I did not get involved in it," he said.
 

Sears to Raise Cash Through Canadian Ops SaleAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Unimaginable consequences  if Hong Kong protests continue: Chinaprint
Protesters gather at a main road at the financial central district after riot police use tear gas against them after thousands of people blocked the road in Hong Kong. (AP Photo)
The Chinese government has come out in strong support of the Hong Kong leadership, saying it has full faith in chief executive, Leung Chun-ying and indicating that he will not be asked to step down.
A front page editorial in the People’s Daily, the Communist Party of China’s (CPC) official newspaper, said the government was very satisfied with Leung’s performance. The editorial warned of “unimaginable consequences” if the protests continued. “The central government is full of confidence in Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying [CY Leung], and is completely satisfied with his performance,” it said.
Beijing “will thus continue to strongly support Mr Leung's leadership of Hong Kong's legal administration as well as the police's handling of illegal activities,” it added. One of the main demands of the Occupy Central protesters – who have been camping on Hong Streets for days now – is that Leung resigns from his post. They have threatened to occupy central Hong Kong buildings by late tonight, if does not resign.
But Thursday’s editorial makes it more or less clear that Beijing will not ask him to put in his papers; if it does, it would probably mean some amount of loss of face for the Communist Party. “Occupy Central” will have negative consequences for Hong Kong and all its people. If it continues, these consequences will be unimaginable,” the editorial said.
“They have incited the masses, paralysed transportation, disrupted businesses, stirred up conflict, and interfered with the daily lives of Hong Kong people,” it said about  protesters. “This has gone so far as to threaten people’s safety, as well as their property. These activists ought to be held legally responsible for this unlawful behavior,” it added. The newspaper said the protests have hit hard the financial hub economically.
“Occupy Central has undermined Hong Kong’s unwavering prosperity. The vast majority of people in Hong Kong agree that economic growth and the improvement of people’s livelihoods are the most important challenges facing them today. But “Occupy Central” tosses aside economic growth and people’s wellbeing, and does immediate damage.
It’s not fair that Hong Kong’s stock market tumbles day after day, with financial institutions being forced to temporarily shut down some operations” said the editorial. Meanwhile, a rights group said Wednesday that dozens of activists supporting the movement in Hong Kong have been arrested on the Mainland.
“A number of Chinese citizens have faced reprisals for supporting the protests for universal suffrage in Hong Kong… Police in China have harassed and warned activists in many cities, concerned that they may try to travel to Hong Kong or take to streets to protest,” the group Chinese Human Rights Defenders said in a statement on Wednesday.

Selfie fever is taking the Hajj by stormDL (@dan_a_lowe) April 23, 2014
Thanks to the spread of smartphone technology globally, selfies aiming to share aspects of the pilgrimage, from the ritual walk around the Kaaba—the holiest site in Islam—to kissing the black stone inside, abound. Some religious scholars are not pleased .
The concern is that these images contradict the spirit of modesty of the worship. Until recently camera phones were prohibited from Mecca’s holy mosques; officials  relaxed the rules for safety reasons, so pilgrims could be in contact in case of crisis. And with good reason: Thousands of pilgrims have been trampled, suffocated, or burned alive , including up to 350 deaths in a 2006 stampede, 343 in a fire in 1977, and almost 1,500 in a crowded tunnel in 1990.
But now that the floodgates are open, hastily-snapped self portraits come with the territory. Chalk it up to  the age of digital narcissism .
Still, the technological infusion has its benefits. In addition to some engineering hacks that make the venue a lot safer (and cooler), authorities have deployed 60,000 security agents to monitor the thousands of closed-circuit cameras, facial recognition software, and a new electronic screening system for Hajj permits. A Hajj app , which serves as a people locator, navigator, translator and message box, is also being tested by 300 pilgrims from Chhattisgarh, India.
Naysayers can be thankful at least that  wearable selfie drones  aren’t yet swarming over Mecca.
Share this:

Moscovici endures torrid EU hearingPierre Moscovici endures torrid European Commission hearing
By Peter Spiegel in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3e4878b4-4a1c-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

EU trading reforms threaten upheavalEU securities trading reforms threaten upheaval
By Philip Stafford
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/235f7910-4a23-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A history of the Pimco Total Return Fund under Bill Gross  in one chartShare
Tap image to zoom
Bill Gross had a great run at the helm of the Pimco Total Return Fund, starting at its inception in 1987.
Largely through the force of his outsized media presence and ability to turn bond investing into something retail investors could understand, he was able to build the Total Return fund into the world’s largest mutual fund.
In a sign of how closely Gross was identified with Pimco, a riptide of client assets followed in the wake of his abrupt departure from the company last month. Pimco said some $23.5 billion poured out of the fund during the month , most in the aftermath of Gross’ announcement that he would join Janus Capital .
But as you can see from the chart below, money has been exiting Pimco for quite a while. (It lost its title as the world’s largest mutual fund in 2013.) And the truth is that much of the fund’s growth came amid a decades long bull market for fixed-income products, which culminated in sharp rush to the safety of bonds during and immediately after the financial crisis, the Great Recession, and the sluggish recovery that followed.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Interestingly, the man known as the Bond King, showed difficulty navigating the bond market over the last few years. He famously had to apologize in 2011 for not recognizing that the bond rally had further room to run.
Things didn’t get much better. In 2013, Bill Gross had the worst year of his career . The unceremonious departure of co-CEO Mohamed El-Erian earlier this year was followed by a series of stories detailing the difficulties of working under Gross . The Wall Street Journal reported that Pimco executives planned to fire Gross  before he left.
Share this:

BJP releases manifesto; promises foodgrain at Re 1/ kgBJP releases manifesto; promises foodgrain at Re 1/ kg
PTI
Tweet
Chandigarh, Oct 2:  
BJP in Haryana today promised foodgrain at Re 1 per kg for BPL families, free treatment to the poor and stipend for unemployed youths in its election manifesto, which it released today hoping to come to power on its own for the first time in the state.
The manifesto said if voted to power, BJP will take steps for stricter implementation of the laws against cow slaughter, even as chairman of the Manifesto Committee Ganeshi Lal said cow slaughter will be equated with culpable homicide.
The manifesto said, BJP's focus areas will be agriculture, rural development, industry, education, service sector, welfare of youth and women, welfare of Scheduled Caste
and Backward Classes, said the 16-page manifesto released here by party spokesman and senior leader Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi.
The manifesto said if in power, BJP will bring the GDP growth in the state to 10 per cent over the next five years.
The party said it is committed to bring SYL Canal water to the state. The BJP 0government, if formed, will usher in milk revolution in the state and dairy sector will be promoted. It will also work towards bringing a second Green Revolution, it said.
Seeking a clear mandate, the punchline of the manifesto is "BJP ke saath chaliyein, Narendra Modi ke saath chaliyein". (Come with BJP, come with Narendra Modi).
It said BJP intends to give better facilities to villages, bring transparency in administration, root out corruption and end the menace of female foeticide.
Four laning of the national and the state highways will be done, round-the-clock power supply will be given to various categories of consumers, clean drinking water will be made available to each household, free treatment will be given to the poor in hospitals and free medicines will be made available to them, it said.
Besides, the manifesto promised free pilgrimage facility to every senior citizen of the state, hike in old age and widow pension from present Rs 1,000 to 2,000, availability of water for every field and setting up of a relief centre to look into compensation detail of crops damaged due to natural calamity.
The manifesto said in lieu of 100 hours of work, Class 12 pass unemployed youths will be given Rs 6,000 stipend per month while graduate unemployed will get Rs 9,000 per month, even as steps will be taken to lift the standard of education.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

AIADMK MPs on hunger strike to protest "delay" in bail to JayaAIADMK MPs on hunger strike to protest "delay" in bail to Jaya
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, October 2:  
45 AIADMK MPs today went on a fast in front of Mahatma Gandhi's statue in Parliament complex here protesting the "delay" in granting bail to their party supremo Jayalalithaa convicted and arrested in a graft case.
The lawmakers observed a seven-hour fast from 10.00 AM to 5.00 PM, demanding "justice" for Jayalalithaa on the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
"The aim of the fast is to draw the nation's attention to the delay in granting bail to our leader. The judgement was given on Saturday, which was followed by Dussehra holidays," AIADMK Parliamentary Party leader P Venugopal said.
Wondering why there was "delay" in hearing her bail plea, he demanded Jayalalithaa be granted "immediate relief as per law".
Jayalalithaa was sentenced to four years in jail in an 18-year-old corruption case and fined Rs 100 crore by a special court in Bangalore on September 27.
The former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister did not get any immediate relief from the Karnataka High Court which deferred until October 7 a hearing on her plea for bail.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

UP registering negative growth rate: BJPUP registering negative growth rate: BJP
PTI
Tweet
Lucknow, Oct 2:  
BJP today termed 'Rising Uttar Pradesh' slogan of SP government as hollow and alleged that UP which has maximum possibilities of growth in the country was heading towards negative growth.
"The Rising UP slogan of the state government is hollow. According to the figures of Central Statistics Organisation growth rate of the state had declined in the last two years," BJP state president Laxmi Kant Bajpai alleged in a statement issued here.
"Due to misrule of SP and BSP governments, UP, which has maximum possibility of growth in the country, has registered negative growth rate," he added.
Bajpai claimed that as per the CSO data, UP growth rate which was 6.87 per cent declined to 5.92 per cent in Akhilesh regime in the financial year 2012-13. He said that in 2013-14 this growth rate further declined to 5.14 per cent.
He said that higher growth rate could not be achieved by false publicity, but it require concrete steps.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Putin attempts to calm investor jittersPutin seeks to calm investor jitters over Russia
By Kathrin Hille in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c70c8060-4a2f-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

AIADMK MPs on hunger strike to protest "delay" in bail to JayalalithaaNew Delhi, October 2, 2014
Updated: October 3, 2014 09:36 IST
AIADMK MPs on hunger strike to protest "delay" in bail to Jayalalithaa
PTI
PTI AIADMK MPs observe fast in front of the Mahatma Gandhi statue in Parliament House, demanding justice for party chief and former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa in New Delhi on Thursday.
TOPICS
demonstration
45 AIADMK MPs went on a fast in front of Mahatma Gandhi’s statue in Parliament complex in New Delhi on Thursday, protesting the “delay” in granting bail to their party chief Jayalalithaa convicted and arrested in a graft case.
The lawmakers observed a seven-hour fast from 10.00 a.m. to 5.00 p.m., demanding “justice” for Jayalalithaa on the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
“The aim of the fast is to draw the nation’s attention to the delay in granting bail to our leader. The judgment was given on Saturday, which was followed by Dussehra holidays,” AIADMK Parliamentary Party leader P. Venugopal said.
Wondering why there was “delay” in hearing her bail plea, he demanded Jayalalithaa be granted “immediate relief as per law”.
Jayalalithaa was sentenced to four years in jail in an 18-year-old corruption case and fined Rs. 100 crore by a special court in Bangalore on September 27.
The former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister did not get any immediate relief from the Karnataka High Court which deferred until October 7 a hearing on her plea for bail.

Crumbling Infrastructure and Traffic are Costing Every L.A. Driver $2 500 a YearNow, this is a road to nowhere.
Photo by Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images
This article originally appeared in Business Insider .
Crumbling infrastructure alert!
Advertisement
A new report from TRIP, a Washington, D.C., transportation research group, finds that Los Angeles motorists are each spending an extra $2,458 per year due to poor roads and bridges.
And that's just the City of Angels.
"Roads and bridges that are deficient, congested or lack desirable safety features cost California motorists a total of $44 billion statewide annually," the report concludes.
The report's authors are unflinching in their recommendations:
With a current unemployment rate of 7.4 percent and with the state’s population continuing to grow, California must improve its system of roads, highways and bridges to foster economic growth and keep businesses in the state. In addition to economic growth, transportation improvements are needed to ensure safe, reliable mobility and quality of life for all Californians. Meeting California’s need to modernize and maintain its system of roads, highways and bridges will require a significant boost in local, state and federal funding.
The situation with California's roads is especially grim. TRIP breaks it down:
Thirty-four percent of California’s major roads and highways have pavements in poor condition, while an additional 41 percent of the state’s major roads are rated in mediocre or fair condition and the remaining 25 percent are rated in in good condition.
Roads rated in poor condition may show signs of deterioration, including rutting, cracks and potholes. In some cases, poor roads can be resurfaced, but often are too deteriorated and must be reconstructed.
Driving on rough roads costs all California motorists a total of $17 billion annually in extra [vehicle operating costs]. Costs include accelerated vehicle depreciation, additional repair costs, and increased fuel consumption and tire wear.
In addition to flat tires from potholes, poor road conditions are also costing motorists in the Golden State time. 
Los Angeles and San Francisco-area residents are no strangers to traffic, but they probably won't be happy to learn that drivers in and around both cities are losing 61 hours a year to congestion. That's more than two days.
California is carland, but I can identify with whatever astonishment the people who live and drive in the state are experiencing, given TRIP's findings. I lived there for a decade and saw firsthand a lot of the decay, and suffered through the traffic delays on a regular basis. 
In a state whose economy is bigger than most countries, this is a major challenge.

Bank credit growth remains sluggish at 9.7%Bank credit growth remains sluggish at 9.7%
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 2:  
Credit growth of commercial banks continued to remain weak with a growth of just 9.7 per cent at Rs 61,46,526 crore for the fortnight to September 19, according to the RBI data.
Bank credit was Rs 56,02,021 crore in the corresponding period last year.
This was for the second consecutive fortnight that the credit growth came at sub-10 per cent.
Bankers have expressed concerns over sluggish credit demand and appear reluctant to cut lending rates.
Recently, HDFC Bank Managing Director and CEO Aditya Puri said both the lending and deposit rates are a function of credit demand and "currently it is not exceedingly healthy".
Deposits grew 13.33 per cent to Rs 81,06,633 crore in the fortnight to September 19 as compared with Rs 71,50,374 crore in the year-ago period.
Demand deposit expanded 12.40 per cent to Rs 7,36,751 crore as of September 19 from Rs 6,55,428 crore in the same period a year ago.
Time deposit rose 13.47 per cent to Rs 73,69,898 crore as against Rs 64,94,947 crore in the same period last year.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Protesters clash with police in NaplesProtesters clash with police in Naples
By Claire Jones in Naples and Rachel Sanderson in Milan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f3101e34-4a2e-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mercedes-Benz optimistic of trebling sales i...Tweet
Mercedes-Benz India product portfolio comprises the locally produced S-Class, E-Class, C-Class, GL-Class and the M-Class.
PARIS: Bullish on the Indian market, German luxury car maker Mercedes-Benz is optimistic of trebling its sales in the foreseeable future in the country, where it may launch a more models from the 10-11 new vehicles lined up to be added to its global portfolio by 2020.
"In the medium term 5-7 years we see the Indian market perhaps touching 5 million units and we see there is a chance for premium market to grow over proportionally. So doubling maybe tripling volumes in the foreseeable future should be possible in India," Member of the Divisional Board Mercedes -Benz Cars (responsible for Marketing & Sales) Ola Kallenius told PTI on the sidelines of Paris Motor Show here.
He said the company had a record year in 2013 and was looking forward for record year in 2014. The Indian market will be around 2.6 million units this year.
The company sold 9,003 units in 2013 in India. In the January-September period this year it reported 16 per cent increase in its sales at 7,529 units as against sold 6,461 units in the same period last year.
When asked about future product launch programmes in India, he said: "If you look at the world of Mercedes, we have 25-30 individual body style models. By the year 2020 we will add another 10-11 cars to that range. It's not decided yet if every single one of those would come to India but rest assured there is more to come from Mercedes."
Currently, Mercedes-Benz sells a range of vehicles including, compact cars, sedans and sports utility vehicles in India, plans to launch 10 models in 2014, out of which eight have been launched already.
Mercedes-Benz India product portfolio comprises the locally produced S-Class , E-Class , C-Class , GL-Class and the M-Class.
Completely Built Imported cars include the A-Class, CLS-Class, SLK-Class and the luxury tourer B-Class. The product portfolio comprises off-roader G 63 AMG, as well as a wide range of other AMG performance cars like the CLA 45 AMG, C 63 AMG, E 63 AMG, SLK 55 AMG, GL 63 AMG and ML 63 AMG.
The luxury carmaker is in the process of doubling production capacity at its Chakan plant to 20,000 units per annum from the current 10,000 units, at an investment of Rs 250 crore.
"We have invested heavily into our Pune factory and have put in capacities to lay the foundation of this growth. So India, in a different way but with some similarities with Brazil , is another one of those interesting and emerging markets that will be important for our growth strategy going forward," Kallenius said.
When asked if production capacity at Pune could be further enhanced, he said: "We plan the production infrastructure to be obviously a little bit ahead of our sales estimates...we will see how it looks in the next five years time but I see 20,000-30,000 should be very realistically achievable in India in the mid term."

Facebook changes real-name policy  allows aliasesprint
Facebook Inc said it would change its policy requiring users to go by their real names on the social network, following outrage over the locking of hundreds of accounts, including a number belonging to drag queens using their stage names.
Facebook's product chief, Christopher Cox, apologized in a post on Wednesday and said the affected users could go back to using their aliases.
The world's largest social media network had locked scores of accounts in recent weeks, including hundreds belonging to lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people.
"The spirit of our policy is that everyone on Facebook uses the authentic name they use in real life. For Sister Roma, that's Sister Roma. For Lil Miss Hot Mess, that's Lil Miss Hot Mess," Cox wrote, denying that the company's policy required users to go by their legal names.
San Francisco drag queens and a city lawmaker met with Facebook representatives in September to demand that the site change its policy of banning users from going by aliases online.
Drag queen performers, or men who dress in flamboyant female clothing for nightclub shows, usually use stage names that have no relation to their real names.
Performers say using their stage names on social media protects them from possible retribution from other employers, family members and stalkers. Many see their stage name as an integral part of their identity.
Facebook had said earlier that it would give users two weeks to adjust their profiles to display their real name or convert their personal pages into fan pages that allow the use of nicknames.
The debate over the future of online anonymity is roiling tech circles, with the outcome bearing profound implications for Internet use around the world. Facebook encourages internet users to log on and carry out their digital lives with their offline identities.
But digital rights and privacy activists have questioned the company's motives, saying the push to get people to use their real identities online helps Facebook track user behavior and tap personal data so it can send targeted advertisements.
In July, Google removed restrictions on use of aliases on its Google+ social network, bowing to demands from users for privacy.

Your poochs poop is polluting the neighborhood drinking waterPeople may love James but they sure hate his poop.(Facebook)
SHARE
Stefan Constantinescu
October 2, 2014
Not every dog owner likes to clean up after his or her pet. Fecal land mines are menacing enough to some neighborhoods that there are now fines and  dog feces DNA  tests to nab regular offenders. But just how much damage does a canine friend’s stray bowel movements actually do?
It’s harder to tell than you might think. The microbiotia in dog excrement is remarkably similar to that of human excrement, which makes it tricky to test for dog feces in, say, a puddle of water that eventually enters your kitchen faucet. But after years of research (pdf), Orin Shanks, a research geneticist at the US Environmental Protection Agency, and his colleagues may have finally cracked the code on dog feces’ unique characteristics. Shanks  discovered 11 genetic markers that only appear in a dog’s excrement, opening the door to research on its environmental effects.
Upon initial testing of storm water collected near a garden that sees its fair share of pooches, the Shanks test successfully identified the number two that should be a dog owner’s number one priority to collect.
It could be a popular product. The issue is so important to the state of Pennsylvania that it holds a competition for “ Philly Water’s Best Friend Spokesdog .” The winner—the dog with the best smile and the most charm —and its owner are paraded around town as role models to raise awareness about the damage fecal matter does to the river and local potable water.
Share this:

HK police warn protesters | China backs Chie...Hong Kong police warn protesters against occupying buildings
By Reuters | 2 Oct, 2014, 08.32PM IST
Protest leaders, frustrated at the govt's refusal to meet their demands, have threatened to occupy government buildings if Leung fails to resign.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
HONG KONG: Hong Kong police promised on Thursday to respond firmly to any attempt by thousands of pro-democracy protesters to occupy administrative buildings, and authorities urged people to immediately end their blockade of the city centre.
The mostly young protesters have demanded Hong Kong's leader , Leung Chun-ying , step down by the end of Thursday, and want China to introduce full democracy so the city can freely choose its own leader.
Several protest leaders, frustrated at the government's refusal to meet their demands, have threatened to occupy government buildings if Leung fails to resign.
But the chief executive, appointed by Beijing, has refused to budge, leaving the two sides far apart in a dispute over how much political control China should have over Hong Kong.
Steve Hui, senior superintendent of the Hong Kong police force, said police would take action in accordance with the law if the protesters tried to enter government buildings.
"Whenever there are violent and major incidents and crimes such as fighting and any other situation that jeopardises safety and public order, police will take resolute and firm action to restore public order," Hui said, when asked how police would respond should the students carry through with their threat.
"We assure (you) that police will have enough manpower to deal with every single situation."
Riot police used tear gas, pepper spray and baton charges last weekend to quell unrest, the worst in Hong Kong since China resumed its rule of the former British colony in 1997.
Tens of thousands of people were on the streets of central Hong Kong on Thursday night, below peak numbers seen during six days of mass demonstrations but still significant.
Some protesters said they would go back to work on Friday after a two-day public holiday, but they planned to continue to support the movement by returning in the evenings.
Several thousand people gathered outside Leung's office in Central business district, where they faced more than 100 police officers wearing riot gear. The situation was calm so far.
The area is seen as a potential flashpoint as the student deadline approaches, and some demonstrators wore goggles and face masks. Hong Kong Cable TV showed police moving boxes marked as containing rubber bullets and tear gas into Leung's offices.
Page 1 of 3

Coke and Pepsi in  green  soda battleCoke and Pepsi launch competing green stevia sodas
By Aaron Smith   @AaronSmithCNN October 2, 2014: 9:32 AM ET
Pepsi and Coke are trying to lure health-conscious consumers with green cans containing stevia, a natural sweetener.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The biggest soda companies in the world are locking horns with new low-calorie drinks that share a common ingredient: stevia, a plant used as a sweetener.
The labels on these competing products also share a common color: green, just like the stevia plant itself.
PepsiCo ( PEP ) is rolling out its product, Pepsi True, in mid-October, but it can only be purchased online through Amazon ( AMZN , Tech30 ).
Coca-Cola ( CCE ) has already been selling its stevia soda, Coca-Cola Life, in Argentina, Chile, Great Britain and Mexico. The product made its U.S. debut in August, but only in Southern states like Georgia, Florida and North and South Carolina. In November, Coca-Cola Life goes nationwide.
Related: Remember Surge soda? It's back
Pepsi True comes in a green can and is packaged in green 12-pack containers. Coca-Cola Life is being sold in cans as well as 8-ounce glass bottles with green labels.
Pepsi says its stevia drink has 30% less sugar than regular Pepsi and does not contain high fructose corn syrup or artificial sweeteners.
 
Surge soda: History and comeback
Coke says the 8-ounce bottles of Life contain 60 calories, which is 35% fewer calories than other sodas.
The low-calorie product launch follows on the heels of an industry-wide effort, announced last month by Coca-Cola, PepsiCo, Dr. Pepper Snapple Group ( DPS ) and the American Beverage Association, to reduce beverage calories by 20% by 2025.
Related: Food stamp soda ban would cut obesity
Soda hasn't been getting much love from health-conscious consumers. A recent study said that banning soda from food stamps would prevent 141,000 kids from getting fat and another 240,000 from developing diabetes.
It remains to be seen how the stevia drinks catch on with consumers, particularly with the coveted millennials, who don't seem to think much of soda. Though for better or worse, they're probably familiar with stevia, which featured prominently in the widely-viewed finale of "Breaking Bad."
First Published: October 2, 2014: 9:32 AM ET
Most Popular

Why Don t We Have an Ebola Vaccine Yetwhy don t we have an ebola vaccine yet
Silencing Hong Kong would harm democracy everywhereOctober 2, 2014 2:52 pm
Silencing Hong Kong will hurt democracy
By Wang Dan
China’s attitude to the protest points to a changing policy, writes Wang Dan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4cfa697e-48ca-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Day 2: PM Modi s US visitPrime Minster Narendra Modi (R) speaks with New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio during a bilateral meeting at the New York Plaza Hotel ahead of his appearance at the United Nations General Assembly. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greets people on the streets of New York. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi gestures at the site of the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New York. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi lays a yellow rose on the name of an Indian who died, at the site of the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New York. (Reuters Photo)
Snipers keep watch on the roof of the 9/11 Museum during Prime Minster Narendra Modi's visit to the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New York. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi unveils a commemorative wreath at the site of the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New York. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi visits 9/11 Memorial exhibition in New York. (PTI Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives at the United Nations during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters. (AP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi meets with Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters. (AP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, is given a tour after arriving at the United Nations during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters. (AP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, arrives to speak at the 69th Session of the UN General Assembly. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, speaks during the 69th Session of the UN General Assembly. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi bows his head after addressing the 69th United Nations General Assembly. (AFP Photo)
Advertisement

Moby: This Is Your Planet on Meatreddit
A few years ago, I was talking with Al Gore (yes, I'm name dropping). I asked him a very simple and pointed question: "Animal agriculture contributes about 18 percent of the gases that cause climate change. Why didn't you mention this in your book or movie?"
His answer was disconcertingly honest. I'm paraphrasing, but he said: "For most people, the role of animal agriculture in climate change is too inconvenient of a truth."
We like our animal products.
Well, you like your animal products. I've been a vegan for 28 years, so to be honest I don't even remember what they taste like.
But collectively, as a species, we seem to like animal products. A lot.
To wit: Each year, the U.S. grows and kills about 10 billion livestock animals . Globally, we're raising and slaughtering about 56 billion animals animal agriculture each year. If you do the math, that means we're killing 1,776 animals for food every second of every day. That doesn't even include fish and other seafood.
But even though I'm a vegan for ethical reasons, I don't want to write about the animal ethics of animal agriculture. I want to write about the ways in which animal agriculture is killing us and ruining our planet.
I know, that sounds like left wing hyperbole. "It's killing our planet!" But sometimes hyperbole isn't hyperbole. Sometimes hyperbole is just the clear-eyed truth. I'll start with climate change.
The U.N. released a conservative report wherein they stated that animal agriculture causes about 18 percent of current greenhouse gas emissions.
To put it in perspective: animal agriculture is responsible for producing more climate change gases than every car, boat, bus, truck, motorcycle and airplane on the planet. Combined.
But we like our animals -- or at least growing and eating them. So we make the trade-off: animal products for climate change.
Climate is complicated. And climate change is complicated. But the role of animal agriculture in climate change is simple.
And how about famine? There are over 7,000,000,000 people on the planet, and many of them are very, very hungry. Article after article and book after book ask the question: "How will we feed a planet of 7 or 8 or 9 or 10 billion people?" The discussions turn to fertilizer and GMOs and arable land.
But here's a painfully simple idea: stop feeding human food to livestock.
It takes around 15 pounds of grain to make one pound of beef - which can feed a couple people for a few hours. In comparison, 13 pounds of grain fed to humans directly can feed 13 people for most of the day.
"We're killing 1,776 animals for food every second of every day."
Globally, we don't have a famine problem; we have a livestock problem. Feeding food to animals and then eating the animals is kind of like heating your house during the winter by burning wood outside.
Speaking of winters: a few years ago, tired of cold winters in New York, I moved to California. Last year in L.A., we had around 362 beautiful days of sunshine. It was 80 degrees on Christmas, and there wasn't a cloud in the sky. Which is great, apart from the fact that California and most of the West are now experiencing the worst drought in recorded history.
As Californians, we've been asked to take shorter showers and use less water on our lawns. Both are good ideas. But let's put it in perspective: a long shower uses around 40 gallons of water . Whereas it takes 4,000 to 18,000 gallons of water to create a 1/3 lb hamburger.
More than 90 percent of the water in California goes to agriculture. Some agriculture is very water responsible. It takes about 216 gallons of water to make one pound of soybeans, for example.
But other agriculture is egregiously water intensive - including rice and cotton, but especially animal agriculture . Each pound of chicken requires about 500 gallons of water , and pork requires about 576 gallons of water .
"Personally, I'd like to make a deal with California. I'll take much shorter showers if you stop subsidizing water use for livestock."
Personally, I'd like to make a deal with California. I'll take much shorter showers if you stop subsidizing water use for livestock. If I just jumped in the shower and bathed quickly, I could even get it down to five gallons of water per shower. And after 132 showers, I would've used as much water as is needed to create one pound of beef.
So we've established that having an estimated 56,000,000,000 livestock animals on the planet uses a lot of water and grain and creates a lot of methane and carbon dioxide.
But these billions of animals also make waste. The really disgusting waste, not just invisible climate warming gases.
Let's put this in perspective: the good people of Philadelphia create roughly 1,000,000 tons of urine and feces per year . And one, only one, large pig farm will produce roughly 1,600,000 tons of urine and feces per year .
"One large pig farm annually creates 600,000 tons more urine and feces than the city of Philadelphia."
Our lakes and rivers are being fouled with algae blooms. Our groundwater is being polluted. And the main culprit is livestock.
The 56 billion livestock animals on the planet are making tons and tons of feces and urine every year -- three times as much as humans .
And, in addition to fouling our water supplies, it's also fouling our homes. A University of Arizona study found more residual feces and waste in the average omnivores kitchen than in their toilet bowl. Largely due to meat into the home.
The animals spend their lives in their own feces and urine, and when they're killed and packaged, they bring their feces and urine with them. Into your home. They also bring pesticides, antibiotics, growth hormones, cholesterol and saturated fat.
To that end: if we collectively stopped eating animals and animal products tomorrow, studies suggest we'd see a drop in obesity, heart disease, diabetes and some cancers .
"We don't have a global health epidemic; we have a global livestock epidemic. "
We don't have a global health epidemic; we have a global livestock epidemic. Too much of the western world health care budgets go to curing people of diseases caused by the consumption of animal products.
And I'm not going to toot the vegan horn too much, but vegans have significantly lower rates of obesity, diabetes and some cancers.
When I talk to people about animal agriculture and meat eating, people often say, "But meat is inexpensive." And it is. But only because it's so heavily subsidized by our tax dollars. In the United States, we spend billions of dollars every year in direct and indirect subsidies to the meat and dairy industries. Billions of dollars in our tax dollars, subsidizing a product that ruins our environment and decimates our health.
We subsidize the grain that's fed to livestock. We subsidize the water that's used in livestock production. We, the taxpayers, subsidize animal agriculture.
And what do we get? We get climate change gases. And we get trillions of pounds of animal waste that fouls our lakes and rivers and reservoirs. We get an end product that causes cancer, diabetes, heart disease and obesity.
And, saving the best for last, we also get zoonotic diseases.
"Zoonotic" is a fun and fancy sounding word. It sort of sounds like a very erudite part of a zoo, where the animals read books and live on boats. But zoonotic diseases are not fun or fancy. Some zoonotic diseases you might be familiar with: E.coli, Salmonella, SARS, Bird Flu, Ebola and even some old standards like smallpox and the common cold.
Zoonotic diseases come from animals , and, in many cases, from animal agriculture .
Luckily, thus far, we've been able to treat most zoonotic diseases with antibiotics. But here's the rub: animals on factory farms are so sick, and in such bad shape, that antibiotics are all that's keeping them from dying before they're slaughtered. The animals are fed obscene amounts of antibiotics while they're alive, and these antibiotics are then found in their milk and their eggs and their meat.
When you're eating an animal, you're eating the fat and the muscle but you're also eating all of the antibiotics the animal has been fed during its life.
The double whammy of zoonotic diseases coming from animal agriculture: animals are the source of the zoonotic diseases but they're also the source of antibiotic resistance . So the zoonotic diseases can kill us, especially as animal agriculture has created superbugs who don't respond to conventional antibiotics.
That's the fun world of animal agriculture.
A simple re-cap:
Uses tons of grain that could be fed directly to people
Uses tons of fresh water that could be used to grow healthy food
Creates tons of urine and feces that ruin our lakes, rivers and drinking water
Creates about 18 percent of greenhouse gas emissions
Contributes to obesity, diabetes, heart disease and cancer
Causes epidemic zoonotic diseases
Contributes to the creation of antibiotic resistant "super bugs"
And is heavily subsidized by our tax dollars.
As a species, we are faced with complicated and seemingly intractable problems. And then we're faced with animal agriculture.
So rather than focus on the hard, intractable problems (like curing baldness) let's simply focus on something easy with phenomenal benefit: ending animal agriculture.
All we have to do is stop subsidizing it and stop buying animal products. Simple. And climate change gases are reduced by about 18 percent.
Famine could end. Fresh water could become clean and more abundant. Deaths from cancer and heart disease and diabetes and obesity could be reduced. And zoonotic diseases could be largely reduced.
It really is that simple.
We've done hard things in the past. We've ended slavery. We've given everyone the right to vote. We've passed legislation prohibiting children from working in factories. We're even moving towards a time when cigarette smoking will be seen as a foul, distant memory.
We can do this. We have to. Our reliance on animal agriculture is literally killing us and ruining our climate and our planet.
I'll end by quoting Albert Einstein :
"Nothing will benefit human health and increase the chances for survival of life on Earth as much as the evolution to a vegetarian diet."  -Albert Einstein
Close

Im just starting my journey  ready for challenges: NadellaSatya Nadella, CEO of Microsoft, at the Talent India 2014 conference, in New Delhi on Tuesday. Ramesh Sharma
Microsoft CEO in a philosophical, reflective mood
New Delhi, September 30:  
“Fall in love with what you do, and the journey will become easy.” This is not a motivational guru, but Satya Nadella, CEO of Microsoft, speaking to thousands of Indian students across the country.
The day, which was packed with events, including Microsoft’s announcement of commercial cloud services – Azure and Office 365, from local data centres by the end of 2015 and addressing the students later, got Nadella in a philosophical and reflective mood.
With a clear focus on India’s youth and the growing internet population, Nadella and his team also shared Microsoft’s ‘Women in Tech’ and ‘YouthSpark Programme’.
Nadella said it was just beginning of yet another journey for him as he wears the cap of Microsoft global CEO. He connected with the 800 students at a venue here and thousands across the country through live streaming.
“I am just starting my journey. But, I can share some principles that you could use to approach your challenges and opportunities,” Nadella said adding that in the long run, EQ (energy quotient) does trump IQ (intelligence quotient).
Microsoft launched commercial cloud services, which is expected to accelerate public and hybrid cloud adaptation significantly in India, a moved aimed at making ‘digital India’ a reality.
It’s a key strategy for Microsoft India as it enables partners and customers to adopt Azure and Office365.
 But, Microsoft needs to invest in its partner base that can help customers in complex use cases and needs for integration and migration.
It also anticipates a price war from Amazon and IBM on public Cloud.
The task may not be easy, but as Nadella in his interaction said, “It is no longer just one field of engineering…but also people from design sensibility, economics and business backgrounds coming together.
It is about coming together or multi-disciplinary approach to innovations, which all of you represent, is perhaps going to shape and change what you do and create.”
It is a critical time for Microsoft to address the start-up eco system requirements with the Mobile-First, Cloud First strategy.
But, in Nadella’s words, he is ready for the challenges. And this is best summed up by what he said to a student, “My journey was not simple. It had ups and downs, professionally and personally. It’s the choices that I made which have shaped a lot what I have been able to achieve and learn and take meaning out of it.”
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Mortgage insurers: in the tranches© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/8dd7d524-4980-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jet Airways: Trying new strategies  yet to deliverJet Airways: Trying new strategies, yet to deliver
Aneesh Phadnis & Ram Prasad Sahu |  Oct 01, 2014 10:50 PM IST
The past year and a half has been tumultuous for Jet Airways. It saw Etihad's investment, a record annual loss (2013-14) of Rs 4,129 crore and a nearly 60 per cent drop in its stock price – in 12 months, the scrip is down 27 per cent.
The operating environment has remained tough and competition has intensified, resulting in Jet losing passengers and market share. A financial turnaround with the Etihad partnership and debt restructuring has not fully materialised.
The stock began rising from October-November 2012, as the airline management started the negotiations with Etihad to sell 24 per cent stake. By January 2013, when the airline first confirmed the talks, the stock had risen to Rs 607, a rise of 75 per cent over the October 2012 price. In April 2013, when it signed the Rs 2,057-crore deal, the stock reached a high of Rs 688.60. Since then, it is in a downtrend; it currently trades around Rs 212.
Back in July 2013, stock market analysts were hopeful that the stock, down to under Rs 500, would zoom to a new high again, in 12-18 months. The short-term outlook was not positive, went the view; yet, the airline would benefit in the long term, with growth in passenger traffic.
Red sea
So far, however, Jet has struggled to return to profitability. It did manage to contain the loss in the first quarter of FY15. Yields improved in the quarter, on the back of a rise in ticket prices. Better utilisation of aircraft, lower interest costs and an exceptional gain of Rs 49.5 crore helped bring down overall losses. Adjusted for exceptional items, the loss was Rs 237 crore, ahead of the Rs 327 crore estimate.
Two months earlier, Jet chairman Naresh Goyal announced a change in strategy. This included a phasing out of its no-frills brand, Konnect, growing of international operations and a plan to return to profitability by 2017.
The market share has been declining every quarter since July-September of FY14 and is a far cry from the peak of 29.3 per cent in the March quarter of FY13. The company (Jet Airways and JetLite) continues to trail market leader IndiGo by a wide margin. The latter has 32.6 per cent and the Jet-JetLite combine 20.1 per cent, as on August, slightly more than SpiceJet’s 19.5 per cent.
While Jet lost domestic market share as it cut capacity, data from the Directorate General of Civil Aviation show the airline has been carrying fewer passengers per flight than its rivals. In 2013, Jet reported a load factor of 71.5 per cent. This is an indicator of occupancy and Jet's loads were lower than GoAir, IndiGo and SpiceJet, and only marginally higher than Air India. Even in the first seven months of 2014, its load factors were among the lowest in the sector, far lower than what was required for break-even on domestic routes. Jet's domestic operations contributed about 45 per cent of total revenue and nearly 70 per cent of its pre-tax loss on a standalone basis in FY14.
Not surprisingly, it is focusing on the more profitable international routes. Barring the March quarter, operations abroad have seen healthy margins (June quarter at 7.2 per cent) at the operating level. Domestic operations have not made money at the operating level for the past seven quarters.
Growth in international revenue is one reason Jet posted a robust revenue growth of 13 per cent year-on-year for the June quarter. While international revenue was up 24 per cent, domestic revenue was up barely one per cent. Over FY11-14, the share of international operations has risen to 53 per cent of total revenue, against 51 per cent earlier. Analysts at ICICI Securities believe with Etihad coming on board with a 24 per cent stake and regulatory approval to code-share 43 additional routes, revenue from international operations should move to 60 per cent of the total.
Optimism, caution
While there are many parameters Jet has to work on, the skies seem to be clearing. First, passenger traffic. This measure is up seven per cent in the financial year-to-date, with the industry having flown 5.7 million passengers in August, the second highest in a little over 30 months.
Second, crude oil prices are down 12 per cent since the start of the year and as this cost is an average of 40 per cent of an airline's sales, it will be a big relief for Indian carriers. Fuel costs as a percentage of sales declined to 39.6 per cent for Jet in the June quarter as against 42.8 per cent in the March one. Any further decline in fuel costs, coupled with a rise in loads, should improve its profitability. Further, any strengthening of the rupee should improve operating cash flows as well, given the dollar-denominated costs such as for lease and maintenance.
However, for the stock to re-rate, there has to be consistency in the operating performance in the coming quarters. While Jet has prepared a strategy to focus on the full-service business and can cut costs, some factors which could decide its future are beyond its control. The biggest of these, key reason for the mess in the sector, continues to be cut-throat competition, worsened by over-capacity.
HSBC Global Research analysts Rajani Khetan, Mark Webb and Achal Kumar said in a June report, "Years of chronic over-capacity and high costs are key industry challenges. Structural deterioration (is) to continue as more supply and new competitors enter (the market). We estimate narrow-body seat supply growth (domestic market) will accelerate from eight per cent in FY14 to 11-15 per cent over FY15-17. More, two new airlines (AirAsia and Tata Singapore) will likely cause further market fragmentation and increase competitive pressures.”

Jayalalithaa plea hearing put offUpdated: October 2, 2014 01:30 IST
Jayalalithaa plea hearing put off
Krishnaprasad
Tweet
Hopes of AIADMK general secretary Jayalalithaa securing bail in the wealth case were dashed on Wednesday when a special sitting of the Karnataka High Court adjourned hearing on her plea to October 7. File photo: PTI
Hopes of AIADMK general secretary Jayalalithaa securing bail in the wealth case were dashed on Wednesday when a special sitting of the Karnataka High Court adjourned hearing on her plea to October 7. File photo: Vino John
TOPICS
corruption & bribery
Vacation judge adjourns plea saying the matter has to be heard by a regular bench.
Hearing on the bail application of the former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister, Jayalalithaa, was put off to October 7 by the Karnataka High Court, leading to a brief protest by a group of advocates outside the court hall on Wednesday.
Vacation judge Justice Rathnakala adjourned the hearing, saying that in her considered view, the appeals should be heard by a regular bench.
The Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption, Chennai filed its objections to the plea for suspending the four-year sentence imposed on Ms. Jayalalithaa in the disproportionate assets case and to grant of bail.
Prosecution opposes grant of bail
G. Bhavani Singh, who was the Special Public Prosecutor (SPP) appointed by the Karnataka Government to conduct the trial of the disproportionate assets case against Ms. Jayalalithaa before the special court, filed the objections to her bail plea, as the Tamil Nadu government, through the DVAC, on Tuesday appointed him as the SPP for conducting the case before the High Court.
While opposing the plea of Ms. Jayalalithaa for staying her conviction, it has been contended in the objections that Section 389 of the Code of Criminal Procedure does not give powers to the courts to stay the conviction but power is vested with the courts to suspend execution of sentence and release of convict on bail.
Earlier, advocates representing Ms. Jayalalithaa and her convicted aides were taken by surprise due to the absence of Mr. Singh, when the judge wanted to know why Mr. Singh, who had appeared on Monday, was not present in the court. However, the confusion was put to rest as Mr. Singh entered the court by then.
The court hall witnessed a few unusual scenes during the hearing of Ms. Jayalalithaa’s petitions. When the judge dictated the order adjourning the hearing, one of the lawyers representing an accused said “no…no...no…” in a loud voice, but other advocates stopped him from saying anything further.
After the judge exited from the court hall, some lawyers, who were among a large number of those who arrived from Tamil Nadu to witness the hearing, shouted that “they would remain in the court hall as injustice has been caused to them due to adjournment of the case.”
However, police personnel with the help of other advocates handled the situation patiently.

Army general  accused of sexual assault by senior adviser  retired quietly with demotionBy Dan Lamothe October 1 Follow @danlamothe
Maj. Gen. Ralph O. Baker, shown here as a one-star officer in Iraq in 2010, was fired from his position as the commander of the U.S. military’s counterterrorism task force based in Djibouti after a woman alleged that he sexually assaulted her. (Photo by Cpl. Daniel Eddy)
A two-star Army general who was fired from his job in Djibouti last year after allegedly groping a female adviser was allowed to retire quietly with a demotion in rank at the same time that a sexual assault case against another Army general received international attention, according to Army officials and military documents.
Then-Maj. Gen. Ralph O. Baker, the former commander of the U.S. military’s counter-terrorism task force for the Horn of Africa, was investigated by the Army’s Criminal Investigation Command on allegations of sexual assault, according to the newly released documents. Baker retired in September 2013 as a one-star general, he said Wednesday.
An Army spokesman said Wednesday that Baker was given an administrative punishment at the time of the incident as well as a letter of reprimand — usually a career-ending punishment. Army Secretary John McHugh ordered that Baker be retired with the demotion to brigadier general because it was found he did not serve satisfactorily as a two-star general, the spokesman said. Baker also was fined an undisclosed amount.
Details of the case were disclosed in documents obtained by The Washington Post through the Freedom of Information Act. The move was made by senior Army leaders as the Pentagon grappled with a string of incidents in which senior officers were accused of misconduct and a sexual assault epidemic in the military that continues to receive tough scrutiny from lawmakers.
Baker denied in an interview that he assaulted anyone, but expressed regret for drinking too much the night in question. Several who saw the general that night later told investigators that he was drunk.
“I own the fact that I got intoxicated that night at a social event, and I regret it,” Baker said. “It was irresponsible of me. I can understand that in the position of responsibility I had, something had to be done about it.”
Baker, who served 31 years, retired as another senior Army officer, Brig. Gen. Jeffrey A. Sinclair, faced court-martial for alleged forcible sodomy, adultery and other charges in a case that embarrassed the service. He was later acquitted of the assault charges, but pleaded guilty in March to having a three-year affair with a subordinate officer and was forced to retire as a lieutenant colonel .
U.S. Africa Command disclosed last year that Baker was fired March 28, 2013, by Army Gen. Carter Ham, then the top U.S. commander for Africa, because of a “loss of confidence in his ability to lead.”
Two Army officials  told The Post at the time that Baker was removed after allegedly groping a woman, but did not reveal the severity of the allegations or that the Army was investigating the general for sexual assault. The Army also never disclosed the circumstances of Baker’s retirement.
The alleged victim, a female senior civilian policy adviser, said that on July 22, 2012, she was part of a contingent of Americans who traveled to a private party in central Djibouti that included the U.S. ambassador to that country at the time, Geeta Pasi, and a one-star French general, according to military documents.
The woman said that Baker drank wine heavily, and pushed his hand between her legs afterward while they were sitting in the back seat of a sport utility vehicle on the way back to Camp Lemonnier, the task force’s massive headquarters. She resisted his advances, but was too embarrassed to mention what was happening to a U.S. soldier and a Naval Criminal Investigative Service agent who were sitting in the front seats, she said.
“I grabbed his hand and held it on the seat to try to prevent him from putting his hand deeper between my legs,” she told an investigating agent in a sworn statement. “He responded by smiling at me and saying, ‘Cat got your tongue?’ I was appalled about what he was doing to me and did not know what to say.”
The woman, who is not identified by name in the documents, reported the incident to the Defense Department inspector general on Jan. 17, 2013, about nine weeks before Baker was removed from his position. His firing was one of the last acts by Ham as the four-star commander of U.S. Africa Command before he retired in April 2013. An adviser for Ham told The Post that he wished to let his decision speak for itself.
Soldiers serving under Baker told investigators that he had a history of drinking heavily at off-base events and that they would “keep an eye out for him” when it happened, according to the documents. An Army sergeant added that on one occasion at Camp Lemonnier, a Navy officer, a lieutenant, asked soldiers to go into town and buy alcohol for the general. When they refused, the Navy officer went into town to get alcohol for Baker himself, the soldier told investigators.
Baker denied he drank to excess. No senior members of his command corroborated that he did so when interviewed, he added.
Army documents show the alleged victim discussed the night in question with an Air Force colonel who served as a chaplain in Djibouti, and later gave him permission to discuss it with authorities. The chaplain told investigators in a Feb. 21, 2013, interview that she had come to him “very emotional and upset” after the alleged incident and conveyed essentially the same story to him that she later reported to authorities.
The two men in the front seat of the sport utility vehicle during the alleged assault told investigators they did not remember any kind of attack occurring. But the soldier, an enlisted specialist, said that he remembered Baker asking “What, does that cat have your tongue?” The soldier said he did not know any context for the remark.
Julie Tate contributed to this report.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Russia debt freeze lesson for Hong KongRussia debt freeze is lesson for Hong Kong
By Ralph Atkins in London
Markets do react to political risk, despite apparent indifference
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/579a5fd6-496c-11e4-9d7e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen eyes Dream Chaser space plane to fly people into orbitE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Coca-Cola revises executive pay after shareholders  including Warren Buffett slam moveE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Google: Tim Cook is wrong about usGoogle: Tim Cook is wrong about us
By Logan Whiteside   @CNNTech October 2, 2014: 7:37 AM ET
 
Google Chairman: Tim Cook is wrong about us
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Apple got it wrong -- Google is the safest place on the Web, the search giant's chairman says.
"We have always been the leader in security and encryption," Eric Schmidt told CNNMoney. "Our systems are far more secure and encrypted than anyone else, including Apple. They're catching up, which is great."
Late last month, Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) CEO Tim Cook took jabs at Google ( GOOGL , Tech30 ). He said that when online services like Google are offered for free, the user is really the product -- not the customer.
"But at Apple, we believe a great customer experience shouldn't come at the expense of your privacy," Cook said on Apple's newly updated privacy website.
Schmidt fired back against Cook, saying Google works extremely hard to protect its users' information from other companies, the government, and hackers. He also noted customers have the option to change their settings and share less.
"Someone didn't brief him correctly on Google's policies," Schmidt said. "It's unfortunate for him."
Google recently unveiled a system that allows Gmail users to fully encrypt their emails, and the company said Android phones -- like iPhones -- will be encrypted by default when the next version of the operating system comes out this fall. That makes it difficult -- though not impossible -- for governments and law enforcement to look at the content stored in your email and phones.
Related: Naked celeb hack lesson - 'Delete' doesn't mean delete
In a year of huge hacking headlines from Home Depot ( HD ) to Apple's celebrity nude photo leak , Schmidt also pointed out there have been no significant data breaches of Google.
But Google doesn't exactly have a perfect privacy record. Its effort in 2012 to set a single privacy policy for all Google accounts across its multiple services was extremely controversial, with detractors saying Google was trying to make it easier to track its customers' behavior and sell that information to advertisers.
Google also paid a record $22.5 million fine to the FTC for getting around Apple's no-cookie policy on the Safari browser, and Google was caught purposefully snooping on people's Internet sessions while driving by with its Street View cars.
Schmidt and former Google Senior Vice President Jonathan Rosenberg just released their book "How Google Works."
First Published: October 2, 2014: 7:33 AM ET
Most Popular

Euro rises ECB details asset buying plans© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fe8314f2-49e2-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Can a federal agency declare regulatory bankruptcyBy David Post October 2
I’ve been doing some more thinking about the FCC’s “Net Neutrality” initiative, and I was talking recently with a friend and colleague who was involved in the DC Circuit case, decided last January , overturning the FCC’s net neutrality rules as inconsistent with the Communications Act and the FCC’s prior readings of the statutory requirements.  One of the agency’s problems, I suggested, was that it was completely boxed in by prior commitments and decisions and precedents, some dating back to the early 1980s, and that its ability to take a fresh look at the cable/wireless broadband Internet access market was completely and thoroughly constrained by the need to be consistent with all of its earlier efforts, dozens of which were cited/quoted in the opinion - In re Amendment of Section 64.702 of the Commission’s Rules and Regulations, (1980) (“Second Computer Inquiry”), In re Deployment of Wireline Services Offering Advanced Telecommunications Capability, (1998) (“Advanced Services Order”), In re Inquiry Concerning High-Speed Access to the Internet Over Cable and Other Facilities,( 2002) (“Cable Broadband Order”), In re Inquiry Concerning the Deployment of Advanced Telecommunications Capability to All Americans in a Reasonable and Timely Fashion, (2010) (“Sixth Broadband Deployment Report”), In re Appropriate Framework for Broadband Access to the Internet Over Wireline Facilities, (2002), In re Appropriate Framework for Broadband Access to the Internet Over Wireline Facilities (2005) (“2005 Wireline Broadband Order”); In re United Power Line Council’s Petition for Declaratory Ruling Regarding the Classification of Broadband over Power Line Internet Access Service as an Information Service (2006), In re Appropriate Regulatory Treatment for Broadband Access to the Internet Over Wireless Networks (2007) (“Wireless Broadband Order”) . . .  just to give you the prior precedent appearing in one of the court’s paragraphs, and on and on and on it goes. . . .
It’s a dazzling web of constraints, and it’s hard to believe the FCC can do anything at all when it’s stuck inside.  Maybe that’s a good thing – personally, I have never been convinced that over the 80 years or so of its existence the FCC has actually been a net plus for the U.S. – but that’s an awfully odd way of accomplishing the goal.  It made me wish, somewhat offhandedly (not being a true administrative lawyer who has thought deeply about these things), for some sort of “regulatory bankruptcy” proceeding – some way for federal agencies to sweep aside prior rulings and decisions and to get a “fresh start” with regulatory action; surely the public would be well served by such a thing, especially in a market (like the broadband Internet access market) that is rapidly changing and in which decisions made 20 or 30 years ago seem so quaint and out-of-date.
To my surprise, my friend said: “There is such a thing!” It turns out – who knew?! – that the Communications Act (and, as far as he knew or I have been able to determine, only the Communications Act) provides that the FCC
“. . . shall forbear from applying any regulation or any provision of this Act to a telecommunications carrier or telecommunications service. . .  if the Commission determines that– (1) enforcement of such regulation or provision is not necessary to ensure that the charges, practices, classifications, or regulations by, for, or in connection with that telecommunications carrier or telecommunications service are just and reasonable and are not unjustly or unreasonably discriminatory; (2) enforcement of such regulation or provision is not necessary for the protection of consumers; and (3) forbearance from applying such provision or regulation is consistent with the public interest.” 47 USC 160(a).
It goes on, in subsection (b): In considering whether forbearance is “consistent with the public interest”, the Commission
“shall consider whether forbearance will promote competitive market conditions, including the extent to which such forbearance will enhance competition among providers of telecommunications services. If the Commission determines that such forbearance will promote competition among providers of telecommunications services, that determination may be the basis for a Commission finding that forbearance is in the public interest.”
Now that, to my eyes, is a strange beast, indeed.  Put aside questions about its application (if any) to the net neutrality rules for the moment; is this provision constitutional? It requires (“the Commission shall . . .”) the FCC to refrain from enforcing statutory provisions when it determines that it is not consistent with the public interest to do so.  I am, admittedly, not up on the latest developments regarding the notorious “non-delegation doctrine” in constitutional law – but requiring an executive agency to refrain from enforcing express statutory commands because it doesn’t think it’s good policy . . .? Hard for me to believe that can pass constitutional muster; it’s like a repeal process, but one not involving Congressional action.
[I can't find, after a quick search, any constitutional challenge to the forbearance provision - so maybe I'm missing something.  As it happens, there's a proceeding now in front of the DC Circuit involving forbearance - Verizon and AT&T v FCC - involving the FCC's continued enforcement of various accounting rules and requirements on certain telephone service providers (but not others); plaintiffs are asserting that the rules, which were adopted decades ago, when the FCC was in the telephone-rate-setting business, are no longer consistent with the public interest now that Ma Bell has been broken up (30 years ago!).  Not surprisingly, the plaintiffs - who want the FCC to exercise its forbearance power, and indeed are arguing that it must do so in this context - don't raise any questions about the constitutionality of that particular delegation of power, but I'm surprised no one else has done so]
David Post taught intellectual property and Internet law at Georgetown Law Center and Temple University Law School until his recent retirement. He is the author of "In Search of Jeffersons Moose: Notes on the State of Cyberspace" (Oxford, 2009), a Fellow at the Center for Democracy and Technology, and an Adjunct Scholar at the Cato Institute.

Fuel companies absorbed Rs 26.6k cr losses on sales in 5 years: Oil MinistryFuel companies absorbed Rs 26.6k cr losses on sales in 5 years: Oil Ministry
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 02 2014, 19:13  IST
Oct 02 2014, 19:13  IST
 

Government s fiscal deficit target  challenging  but  achievable : Citi GroupE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan: States join hands as PM Modi launches country s biggest cleanliness drivePM Narendra Modi participating in cleanliness drive along with NDMC workers in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 7:42 pm
Wielding the broom, as Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday launched the country’s biggest-ever cleanliness drive, states responded actively to the mission and participated with enthusiasm.
Here is a brief description on how different states participated in the launch of Swachh Bharat campaign.
Madhya Pradesh
Highlighting the need for cleanliness to ensure beauty and progress of a place, Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan launched the “Swachh Bharat” campaign by wielding a broom in Bhopal. He urged people to devote at least two hours in a week towards cleanliness and also administered an oath in this regard to the people, and government officials and employees.
Meanwhile, Union Minister for Water Resource and local MP, Uma Bharti, who was in Jhansi on Thursday, said she will devote 300 hours instead of 100 hours annually to the ‘Swachh Bharat’ mission. Taking part in the campaign at different parts of the constituency, she said, “We will not take up the cleaning just for today but on a daily basis. The prime minister has given a call of 100 hours and we will do it for 300 hours to contribute in this campaign”. She also visited the Nagar Nigam office and administered oath to the employees to join the campaign.
Maharashtra
Maharashtra Governor Ch Vidyasagar Rao gave a cleanliness pledge (Swachhata Shapath) to the officers and staff of Mantralaya to mark the launch of the Swachh Bharat Mission here on the occasion of the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri.
The Governor read out the Swachhata Shapath to the state government officials in Marathi, a Raj Bhavan spokesperson said.
Uttar Pradesh
Noting that only a clean country can be healthy, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh today said every person should dedicate at least two hours per week for cleanliness.
“Where there is cleanliness there is god. This has been our old tradition, special emphasis was given on cleanliness in villages,” Rajnath Singh said while launching Swachh Bharat campaign at Charbagh railway station here. “We will make India clean by 2019. When the counry is
clean then only it is healthy. In 2019, on the occasion Gandhi Jayanti, we take a pledge to dedicate a ‘Swachh Bharat’ (clean India) in the feet of Bapu,” he said. The minister appealed to the people to try to keep their office and home clean.
Mizoram
Mizoram Chief Minister Lal Thanhawla launched the ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’ at a function in front of Mahatma Gandhi’s statue in the centre of Aizawl’s Mahatma Gandhi Square this morning.
Andhra Pradesh
Andhra Pradesh and Telangana Governor E S L Narasimhan launched the ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’ at the Raj Bhavan by administering a pledge to the staff. The Governor and his wife Vimala Narasimhan later symbolically swept the roads near Raj Bhavan. “People of the two states should take an active part in the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and make India clean by 2019. Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given a call on Independence Day to every citizen to strive to make India clean. The aim is to build a clean India by October 2, 2019. The Prime Minister
asked everyone to take a vow in this regard. Clean India would not be possible with one or two individuals and it should be a collective effort,” the Governor said on the occasion.
Kerala
Joining the nation in the cleanliness drive on Gandhi Jayanti today, a month-long sanitation-cum-awareness campaign was launched in Kerala, roping in government and voluntary agencies.
Meanwhile, the cleanliness drive got a whole new meaning in Kerala. The Congress government in the state marked Gandhi Jayanti with Chief Minister Oommen Chandy destroying flex boards displaying his own pictures. Chandy’s rival and party state president V M Sudheeran also joined the drive against flex board saying the party would abandon the practice of using flex boards for functions.
Read more here:  Kerala starts drive against plastic with flex board on CM Oommen Chandy 
Gujarat
Gujarat Chief Minister Anandiben Patel on Thursday formally launched the “Swachh Bharat” campaign from Porbandar and compared it to India’s freedom movement. To rid India of filth is as daunting task as achieving Independence, and to accomplish the mission of a clean India would require a mass struggle like our Freedom Struggle, Gujarat Chief Minister Anandiben Patel said on Thursday.
 
Bihar
Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi, Union Ministers Ramvilas Paswan, Ravishankar Prasad and actor-politician Shatrughan Sinha took up the broom to launch the Swachh Bharat mission in the state. Manjhi launched the Swachh Bharat mission from Gandhi Maidan by delivering oath to people to keep the city clean. Talking to reporters, Manjhi praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi for launching the nationwide cleanliness campaign and appealed all to make at least 100 people aware about the importance of cleanliness and devote 100 hours every year for this work.
Rajasthan
Rajasthan Governor Kalyan Singh and Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje today launched the ‘Swacch Bharat Abhiyan’ from Dhankya town in the district by inspiring people to make cleaning a habit. They along with other public representatives cleaned some area at Dhankya railway station after addressing the gathering.
Punjab
Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal today administered a cleanliness pledge under the ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan’ to government officials here. Addressing the gathering at Shekpura near here, Badal said that people should take up the cudgels of keeping the
country clean.
“Government has provided enough infrastructure and funds to keep the state clean. It is the people who will have to step forward, take the onus and ensure that we keep our cities as clean as the foreign shores we visit,” he said.
Delhi
Various Delhi government departments, municipal corporations and scores of other agencies across the city joined the ‘Clean India’
campaign with a pledge to implement the country’s biggest ever cleanliness drive envisaged by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Delhi Chief Secretary D M Spolia led the campaign by administering oath to officers of various department to make Delhi ‘clean’ while the civic bodies launched a massive cleanliness drive across the city to remove debris, construction wastes and garbage to give a better look to the city.
Meanwhile, Coal and Power minister Piyush Goyal said that one lakh toilets would be constructed in schools and colleges by the PSUs under his ministries within a year.
Tamil Nadu
Tamil Nadu Governor K Rosaiah initiated the Narendra Modi Government’s ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’ cleanliness drive here.
He ‘initiated’ the drive at the Raj Bhavan in Chennai, “on the call” of Modi’s mission to make India clean, an official release here said.
The Governor said that cleanliness should begin from each home and individual and appealed that everyone should take it as their bounden duty to keep the surroundings clean and wholeheartedly involve in the cleanliness drive.
Odisha
Joining the nation-wide ‘Swachh Bharat’ campaign, public sector GAIL (India) announced its plan to build 1021 bio-toilets in the country to provide hygienic sanitation facilities for girl students.
While GAIL (India) unveiled its Rs 27 crore bio-toilet programme under Swachh Bharat-Swachh Vidyalaya Scheme here, other central PSUs like Nalco and Railways launched a series of cleanliness drives across the state.
Jammu and Kasmir
The Bharatiya Janata Party MP from Jammu-Poonch parliamentary constituency Jugal Kishore Sharma and other prominent party leaders including local MLAs with hundreds of party activists participated in cleanliness drives at various places in Jammu city and its outskirts. The former Congress MP, Madan Lal Sharma, along with local residents also used broom in various areas including Chandan Vihar near Muthi and Satwari Chowk.
Gujjar Maha Sabha, Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) jointly carried out cleanliness drive. National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) district development manager, Surinder Singh, along with local villagers used broom and shovel to clean the streets at village Shahzadpur in Samba district.
Army troops also carried out cleanliness drive in cantonment areas. More than 1,000 BSF personnel under the supervision of their IG Jammu frontier, Rakesh Kumar, carried out cleanliness drives.
Uttarakhand
Uttarakhand Chief Minister Harish Rawat said the ‘Swachh Bharat’ mission will be successful only if it assumes the form of a people’s movement.
Launching the campaign at Gandhi Park here today on the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti, Rawat said any such mission cannot achieve its target unless each and every individual contributes his bit to it. Several programmes were held across the state to mark the launch of the programme with bureaucrats taking a vow to keep their office premises clean through a weekly programme.
(With inputs from PTI)

Unloved US small-caps back in spotlight© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3703b1a4-497c-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Two suspected militants killed in blast in BurdwanPress Trust of India | Burdwan | Posted: October 2, 2014 7:48 pm
Two suspected militants were killed and another was injured in an explosion in a house inhabited by them here on Thursday.
Superintendent of Police SMH Mirza said the blast took place in the house at Khagragarh locality of the town in which one person, Shakil Ahmed, died on the spot and two others were injured.
Ahmed was originally from Karimpur in Nadia district.
One of the two injured, Sovan Mandal, died during treatment at Burdwan Medical College and Hospital later, officials in the hospital said.
The other injured, Hasan Saheb, hailing from Lalgola in Murshidabad district, was also admitted in the same hospital in a serious condition, officials said.
It is suspected that the victims of the explosion were associated with a militant outfit as a large number of watch dials, SIM cards, and other tools required to make improvised explosive devices (IED) were found in the house, police said.
The police also seized some half-burnt papers from the spot.
It was not yet clear how the explosion took place, police said, adding, bomb squad personnel have arrived on the spot.
Besides the three victims, two women and as many children were there in the house which was not much damaged in the explosion.
The SP was questioning the two women — wives of Shakil  Ahmed and Hasan Saheb, police said.
At about 12 noon, local people informed the fire brigade and the police after hearing a loud sound and noticing smoke billowing out of a first floor window.
Owner of the two-storey house, Hasan Chowdhury, who lives in another house across the road, said he had given the first floor to Shakil Ahmed, the deceased, on a monthly rent of Rs 4,700 but he did not know the identity of the two others.
Shakil Ahmed’s wife Rumi Bibi said her husband and she were staying in the house for about three months while Amina Bibi, wife of injured Hasan, said she was there for about one and a half months.

Oil Drops Under $92 to 27-month Low as Supply Glut GrowsGold Rebounds on Seasonal Demand; Global Cues
London: Oil prices fell to their lowest level since June 2012 on Thursday, after price cuts from top producer Saudi Arabia added to supply glut worries and weak global economic data.
Oil declined alongside European stocks as the European Central Bank left interest rates unchanged on Thursday, as expected. ECB President Mario Draghi said that a planned bond purchase programme would last at least two years.
Brent crude for November delivery was down $1.73 at $92.43 a barrel by 1341 GMT. It earlier hit $91.55, its lowest since June 2012.
US November crude lost $1.06 to reach $89.67 per barrel, a near 18-month low.
Sharp cuts in official selling prices from state producer Saudi Aramco to Asian customers on Wednesday came as the clearest sign yet that the world's largest exporter is trying to compete for crude market share, amplifying supply concerns.
"This is a structural change in the oil market, with Saudi Arabia explicitly stating that they are willing to compete on price," said Bjarne Schieldrop, chief commodities analyst at SEB in Oslo.
"I think Brent will fall below $88 before we see the bottom of the market."
Carsten Fritsch at Commerzbank said Saudi Arabia's price differentials are now near the lowest since December 2008, in the midst of the 2008/2009 economic crisis.
"OPEC appears to be gearing up for a price war. We therefore do not expect prices to stabilise until this impression disappears and OPEC returns to coordinated production cuts," Fritsch said.
While Saudi price cuts triggered Thursday's plunge, oil prices have been falling for months under the combined pressure of a revival in Libyan oil production, strength in the US dollar and dismal economic data in Asia and Europe.
"Whatever period we look at, whether it be this month, quarter or year, the oil market has been hugely disappointing," PVM's David Hufton said in an analyst note, adding that the "ever-increasing global supply" was the root cause.
Providing some support, US data on Thursday showed an unexpected decrease in unemployment claims over the past week, ahead of monthly employment data on Friday which economists expect to show an increase in the size of the labour force.
Some analysts said a cut in production from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) at its meeting next month was the only move that could enable a price recovery.
While some expected OPEC to adjust the group's output target of 30 million barrels per day (bpd) for 2015, any cut may still not be big enough to spur a bounce in oil prices.
SEB's Schieldrop said OPEC would need to cut around 1-1.5 million barrels a day in production in order to balance the markets in 2015.
Oil production in Russia increased by almost 0.9 per cent month-on-month in September to 10.61 million barrels per day (bpd), Energy Ministry data showed.
Data on Wednesday showed disappointing European factory data, and China's manufacturing sector in September remained subdued. US economic strength, a rare bright spot for global markets, showed signs of caution following worries of an Ebola outbreak.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan: States join hands as PM Modi launches countrys biggest cleanliness drivePM Narendra Modi participating in cleanliness drive along with NDMC workers in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 7:42 pm
Wielding the broom, as Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday launched the country’s biggest-ever cleanliness drive, states responded actively to the mission and participated with enthusiasm.
Here is a brief description on how different states participated in the launch of Swachh Bharat campaign.
Madhya Pradesh
Highlighting the need for cleanliness to ensure beauty and progress of a place, Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan launched the “Swachh Bharat” campaign by wielding a broom in Bhopal. He urged people to devote at least two hours in a week towards cleanliness and also administered an oath in this regard to the people, and government officials and employees.
Meanwhile, Union Minister for Water Resource and local MP, Uma Bharti, who was in Jhansi on Thursday, said she will devote 300 hours instead of 100 hours annually to the ‘Swachh Bharat’ mission. Taking part in the campaign at different parts of the constituency, she said, “We will not take up the cleaning just for today but on a daily basis. The prime minister has given a call of 100 hours and we will do it for 300 hours to contribute in this campaign”. She also visited the Nagar Nigam office and administered oath to the employees to join the campaign.
Maharashtra
Maharashtra Governor Ch Vidyasagar Rao gave a cleanliness pledge (Swachhata Shapath) to the officers and staff of Mantralaya to mark the launch of the Swachh Bharat Mission here on the occasion of the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri.
The Governor read out the Swachhata Shapath to the state government officials in Marathi, a Raj Bhavan spokesperson said.
Uttar Pradesh
Noting that only a clean country can be healthy, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh today said every person should dedicate at least two hours per week for cleanliness.
“Where there is cleanliness there is god. This has been our old tradition, special emphasis was given on cleanliness in villages,” Rajnath Singh said while launching Swachh Bharat campaign at Charbagh railway station here. “We will make India clean by 2019. When the counry is
clean then only it is healthy. In 2019, on the occasion Gandhi Jayanti, we take a pledge to dedicate a ‘Swachh Bharat’ (clean India) in the feet of Bapu,” he said. The minister appealed to the people to try to keep their office and home clean.
Mizoram
Mizoram Chief Minister Lal Thanhawla launched the ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’ at a function in front of Mahatma Gandhi’s statue in the centre of Aizawl’s Mahatma Gandhi Square this morning.
Andhra Pradesh
Andhra Pradesh and Telangana Governor E S L Narasimhan launched the ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’ at the Raj Bhavan by administering a pledge to the staff. The Governor and his wife Vimala Narasimhan later symbolically swept the roads near Raj Bhavan. “People of the two states should take an active part in the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and make India clean by 2019. Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given a call on Independence Day to every citizen to strive to make India clean. The aim is to build a clean India by October 2, 2019. The Prime Minister
asked everyone to take a vow in this regard. Clean India would not be possible with one or two individuals and it should be a collective effort,” the Governor said on the occasion.
Kerala
Joining the nation in the cleanliness drive on Gandhi Jayanti today, a month-long sanitation-cum-awareness campaign was launched in Kerala, roping in government and voluntary agencies.
Meanwhile, the cleanliness drive got a whole new meaning in Kerala. The Congress government in the state marked Gandhi Jayanti with Chief Minister Oommen Chandy destroying flex boards displaying his own pictures. Chandy’s rival and party state president V M Sudheeran also joined the drive against flex board saying the party would abandon the practice of using flex boards for functions.
Read more here:  Kerala starts drive against plastic with flex board on CM Oommen Chandy 
Gujarat
Gujarat Chief Minister Anandiben Patel on Thursday formally launched the “Swachh Bharat” campaign from Porbandar and compared it to India’s freedom movement. To rid India of filth is as daunting task as achieving Independence, and to accomplish the mission of a clean India would require a mass struggle like our Freedom Struggle, Gujarat Chief Minister Anandiben Patel said on Thursday.
 
Bihar
Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi, Union Ministers Ramvilas Paswan, Ravishankar Prasad and actor-politician Shatrughan Sinha took up the broom to launch the Swachh Bharat mission in the state. Manjhi launched the Swachh Bharat mission from Gandhi Maidan by delivering oath to people to keep the city clean. Talking to reporters, Manjhi praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi for launching the nationwide cleanliness campaign and appealed all to make at least 100 people aware about the importance of cleanliness and devote 100 hours every year for this work.
Rajasthan
Rajasthan Governor Kalyan Singh and Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje today launched the ‘Swacch Bharat Abhiyan’ from Dhankya town in the district by inspiring people to make cleaning a habit. They along with other public representatives cleaned some area at Dhankya railway station after addressing the gathering.
Punjab
Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal today administered a cleanliness pledge under the ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan’ to government officials here. Addressing the gathering at Shekpura near here, Badal said that people should take up the cudgels of keeping the
country clean.
“Government has provided enough infrastructure and funds to keep the state clean. It is the people who will have to step forward, take the onus and ensure that we keep our cities as clean as the foreign shores we visit,” he said.
Delhi
Various Delhi government departments, municipal corporations and scores of other agencies across the city joined the ‘Clean India’
campaign with a pledge to implement the country’s biggest ever cleanliness drive envisaged by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Delhi Chief Secretary D M Spolia led the campaign by administering oath to officers of various department to make Delhi ‘clean’ while the civic bodies launched a massive cleanliness drive across the city to remove debris, construction wastes and garbage to give a better look to the city.
Meanwhile, Coal and Power minister Piyush Goyal said that one lakh toilets would be constructed in schools and colleges by the PSUs under his ministries within a year.
Tamil Nadu
Tamil Nadu Governor K Rosaiah initiated the Narendra Modi Government’s ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’ cleanliness drive here.
He ‘initiated’ the drive at the Raj Bhavan in Chennai, “on the call” of Modi’s mission to make India clean, an official release here said.
The Governor said that cleanliness should begin from each home and individual and appealed that everyone should take it as their bounden duty to keep the surroundings clean and wholeheartedly involve in the cleanliness drive.
Odisha
Joining the nation-wide ‘Swachh Bharat’ campaign, public sector GAIL (India) announced its plan to build 1021 bio-toilets in the country to provide hygienic sanitation facilities for girl students.
While GAIL (India) unveiled its Rs 27 crore bio-toilet programme under Swachh Bharat-Swachh Vidyalaya Scheme here, other central PSUs like Nalco and Railways launched a series of cleanliness drives across the state.
Jammu and Kasmir
The Bharatiya Janata Party MP from Jammu-Poonch parliamentary constituency Jugal Kishore Sharma and other prominent party leaders including local MLAs with hundreds of party activists participated in cleanliness drives at various places in Jammu city and its outskirts. The former Congress MP, Madan Lal Sharma, along with local residents also used broom in various areas including Chandan Vihar near Muthi and Satwari Chowk.
Gujjar Maha Sabha, Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) jointly carried out cleanliness drive. National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) district development manager, Surinder Singh, along with local villagers used broom and shovel to clean the streets at village Shahzadpur in Samba district.
Army troops also carried out cleanliness drive in cantonment areas. More than 1,000 BSF personnel under the supervision of their IG Jammu frontier, Rakesh Kumar, carried out cleanliness drives.
Uttarakhand
Uttarakhand Chief Minister Harish Rawat said the ‘Swachh Bharat’ mission will be successful only if it assumes the form of a people’s movement.
Launching the campaign at Gandhi Park here today on the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti, Rawat said any such mission cannot achieve its target unless each and every individual contributes his bit to it. Several programmes were held across the state to mark the launch of the programme with bureaucrats taking a vow to keep their office premises clean through a weekly programme.
(With inputs from PTI)

Centre needs to get state report to declare J&K floods as national disaster: BJPOct 02, 2014 at 08:30pm IST
Centre needs to get state report to declare J&K floods as national dis
4
0
Srinagar: The Jammu and Kashmir government will have to submit a report about the devastation caused by the September floods to the central government for it to consider declaring the natural calamity as a national disaster, the state unit of BJP said on Thursday.
"There is a procedure. A report, about the destruction caused by the floods, should first go from the state government to the Centre. Once the report is submitted, then, I am sure, the central government will consider declaring the floods as a national disaster," chairman of BJP's state campaign committee Nirmal Singh told reporters here.
Singh said once the state government submits the report, the party will also take it up with the central government. "They (political parties in Kashmir) are politicising the issue. The Centre has done a commendable job right from day one of the floods. Once the report is submitted, we will also take it up with the government," he said.
Singh alleged the state administration had failed to provide succour to the people when they needed it the most.
#kashmir floods #bjp #omar abdullah #national disaster
Singh alleged the state administration had failed to provide succour to the people when they needed it the most.
"The administration was nowhere to be seen. They did not come to peoples' help as was needed. Eid is being celebrated in a few days. How will the people here, who have no food, shelter or clothes, celebrate the festival?" he said.
He claimed there was anger against the state government as it had "failed" to do its moral duty.
"Wherever you go, there is anger. The state government has not gone up to the people to help them. It was the moral duty of the government but they failed in performing that," he said.
He said the passports of many people had been washed away in the flood waters and the party would take the issue with the central government.
"Many youth have to go out of the country to study. We will take the issue up with the centre to expedite the process of handing them new passports," he said.
Singh said the party salutes the courage of the people of Kashmir, especially the youth, who overcame the tragedy.
"We salute the people of Kashmir. The way they overcame the tragedy is commendable.The central government, army, NDRF helped but it was the youth of Kashmir who were at the forefront and provided relief to the affected people," he said, adding the people of the whole country were with the people of the state.
Singh said it would be a "cruel joke" to talk about elections when the tragedy has struck the state.
"We wanted to assess the damage caused by the floods. We are not here for the elections. It is for the Election Commission to decide about that.
"We think it would be a cruel joke to talk about elections at this juncture. The priority is to help the people as the winters are approaching," he said. He said the party has constituted monitoring committees to monitor the distribution of relief to the affected people.
"The central aid goes directly to the state government and the party has nothing to do with that. But we have constituted committees to monitor its distribution and to see that the relief goes to the affected people.
"We will also see to it that the claims of the people are registered," he said.
1

Put Congress   malgovernance  into dustbin: Naqvi6
0
Chandigarh: Exuding confidence that BJP will form the next government in Haryana on its own, senior BJP leader Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi on Thursday said that time has come to rid the state from "malgovernance" of Congress.
"Today, it is Gandhi Jayanti and in entire country 'Clean India' campaign was launched, in which people from all walks of life took part. In Haryana, there is big responsibility, which is to put Congress' malgovernance and corruption into dustbin," Naqvi told reporters after releasing the party's poll manifesto for the October 15 assembly polls.
Naqvi said "We don't treat it as just a manifesto, but it is a document of our commitment to provide good governance to the people of Haryana. When we say this, we say that time has come to end ten years of malgovernance and corruption of the Congress."
Hitting out at Congress' poll manifesto released on Wednesday, he said, "I read Congress' manifesto, they have failed to even list out ten real achievements of theirs during past ten years of rule."
#mukhtar abbas naqvi #bjp #haryana assembly elections 2014
He said BJP will get a clear mandate and will usher in "development, prosperity, security... it is a golden chance which people of Haryana have accepted (to bring BJP to power)".
Hitting out at Congress' poll manifesto released on Wednesday, he said, "I read Congress' manifesto, they have failed to even list out ten real achievements of theirs during past ten years of rule."
"Their main achievement has been 'Loot Ko 100 per cent Choot' (free). This is what the Congress government in Haryana has done during past ten years. ...we are committed to build corruption-free and development-oriented state," he said.
Asked why the BJP was not declaring its Chief Ministerial candidate in Haryana, Naqvi said, "at many places we fight the polls by announcing the CM candidate while at some other places we don't. One thing is clear that we are forming the government in the state."
On some TV surveys which do not predict BJP's clear majority, he said, "going by the ground reality, BJP is forming government in Haryana with clear majority and Chief Minister of the BJP will take oath once the results are announced".
Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, BJP, Haryana Assembly Elections 2014
3

Clean India drive launched in Bengal amid Durga Puja revelryOct 02, 2014 at 09:04pm IST
Clean India drive launched in Bengal amid Durga Puja revelry
13
0
Kolkata: President Pranab Mukherjee Thursday flagged-off the Swacch Bharat mission in West Bengal by administering the pledge to students and others while a citizens' movement ensured cleanliness at various Durga Puja committess in Kolkata during the ongoing festive season.
Mukherjee launched the mission at Kirnahar Shib Chandra High School in Birbhum district and participated with the students in a cleanliness drive.
Citing instances of Vietnam and Cuba where people's involvement greatly contributed to attaining social objectives like removal of illiteracy and bringing cleanliness, he called upon citizens to pitch in.
Mukherjee launched the mission at Kirnahar Shib Chandra High School in Birbhum district and participated with the students in a cleanliness drive.
#clean india #swachh bharat #pranab mukherjee #durga puja
"If the non-governmental efforts are not combined with the government's endeavour, we will not be able to make much progress.
"By involving ourselves in the Mission, we would repay the dividend for the social investment that has been made on us and thus would be able to attain a life which would be desirable and aspired for," Mukherjee said.
In Kolkata, members of Garbage Free India (GFI), a citizens collective with a target to do away with the habit of dumping waste on streets and civic areas, tied-up with as many as 16 puja committees to place waste bins in these pandals (marquees).
"Dumping litter is a menace, especially during the festive season. Nobody bothers to look for waste bins. We have placed two waste bins from our side, in each of these marquees.
"While providing bins may be part of the solution, but we all need to exercise our duties as responsible citizens and be the change we want to see," Shruti Ghose, of GFI, told IANS.
She said their movement will receive a 'huge boost" with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's initiative, launched by the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, that aims to clean up India in five years.
Kolkata civic bodies stepped-up by installing waste bins and routine sweeping drives during the Durga Puja revelry.
10

Gurgaon college girl s immolation attempt: ABVP seeks PM s intervention9
0
Gurgaon: The Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) on Thursday wrote to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and HRD minister Smriti Irani seeking their intervention into the immolation attempt by a college girl here.
ABVP activists at a meeting in sector 12 demanded high-level inquiry into the self-immolation attempt by Pinky Chauhan a student of the government-run women's college here.
Pinky, a B.Sc second year student, was among over 1,000 students who were protesting Monday against the management of the Government Post-Graduate College for Women near sector 14 and Maharshi Dayanand University, Rohtak, for "intentionally" giving them low marks.
ABVP activists at a meeting in sector 12 demanded high-level inquiry into the self-immolation attempt by Pinky Chauhan a student of the government-run women's college here.
#akhil bharatiya vidyarthi parishad #narendra modi #self immolation #college
During the protests Pinky set herself on fire. She has been admitted to burns ward of a hospital in Delhi with nearly 90 percent burn injuries.
College principal Usha Malik was transferred and relieved with immediate effect. The district administration had announced holiday till Oct 6 in all three government colleges of Gurgaon city.
12

MIT  Twitter Team up on $10M Social Media ProjectAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

How to find out if your used iPhone has been stolenHow to find out if your used iPhone has been stolen
By David Goldman   @DavidGoldmanCNN October 2, 2014: 11:57 AM ET
Apple has created a tool that lets you know if your used iPhone has been stolen.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Buying a used iPhone can be a shady process.
If you're buying it from a third party on a site like Craigslist or eBay ( EBAY , Tech30 ), there's a chance your "new" used iPhone could have been stolen -- iPhones are a hot black market item.
To help customers avoid purchasing a stolen iPhone, Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) has created an online tool that lets people check whether their iPhone has been remotely wiped by its owner.
When people lose an iPhone (or have it swiped), there's a likelihood they'll try to enable "Activation Lock" in iCloud's "Find my iPhone" feature -- a kind of anti-theft tool Apple makes available to its customers. Apple's new tool lets people plug in an iPhone's unique serial number or International Mobile Equipment Identity number to determine whether Activation Lock has been enabled.
If it has, that means you won't be able to use the phone until Activation Lock has been turned off by its owner.
 
Does the iPhone 6 Plus bend? CNN tests.
It's best not to buy that iPhone. It was probably stolen.
First Published: October 2, 2014: 11:57 AM ET
Most Popular

EU trade deal will likely crush industry in West AfricaThis leaves West Africa with little chance of its own form of protectionism. (Reuters/Thierry Gouegnon)
SHARE
Yepoka Yeebo
October 2, 2014
West African leaders are about to sign a free trade agreement with the European Union. The EU insists it will  spur growth,  but it’s more geared towards giving Europe access to the region’s 300 million consumers. It will make sure West Africa develops just enough to buy more stuff from Europe, but not enough to do any manufacturing of its own.
Groups like Kofi Annan’s  Africa Progress Panel  (pdf) and the  Manufacturers’ Association of Nigeria  say a flood of imports from Europe, West Africa’s biggest trading partner,  could completely crush  what little industry there is in the region. They raise the spectre of shuttered factories, abandoned farms, massive unemployment and perpetually poor countries trapped exporting a dwindling stock of natural resources like gold, oil and cocoa. It sounds like an exaggeration, but  it’s happened before .
Tariff-free access to Europe doesn’t change anything for the low-income West African countries that  don’t pay tariffs  anyway. It isn’t likely to lead to more  exports from West Africa  because the region’s nascent manufacturing sector really only sells products to  other African countries.  Outside of a small number of specialist stores, there isn’t much demand in Europe for Nigeria’s super-sweet blend of Guinness, let alone Mama’s Choice fufu flour from Ghana, or Queen Elizabeth cocoa butter from the Ivory Coast.
On Sept. 30, the EU adopted legislation to keep existing tariff-free deals going until the agreement is finally ratified by the European Union and the Economic Community of West African States, EU spokesman Wojtek Talko told Quartz.
For the West African exports that are in demand in Europe, tariffs aren’t the real problem, EU countries employ far more opaque tactics. The UK, for example, imports about £27 million ($44 million) of tuna from Ghana every year. In 2013, a Ghanaian seafood processing company had to lay off hundreds of workers when one shipment was systematically checked for illegally caught fish, because the  British government was concerned . It cost the company  $5 million , and 50 shipping containers full of canned tuna.”
European countries are within their rights to check shipments and impose controls, even when they’re a  thinly veiled form of protectionism , but West African countries don’t have the money or infrastructure to do the same, and European companies are just as capable of  exporting problematic products.
Ghana spends $270 million a year  importing 90% of the poultry  consumed in the country, mostly cheap off cuts from  Holland and Germany . EU farmers get generous subsidies, so even with a 20% tariff the imported chicken is cheaper. The Dutch protect their market share like gangsters,  completely crushing competition  (pdf) from the United States and Brazil and actually warning Ghanaians to “stay away from  risky business like poultry .”
European countries are  losing their share  of global trade. According to Jim “BRIC” O’Neill, by 2020 Germany and Italy (which now provides much of West Africa’s  tinned tomatoes ) will probably export  more to developing countries  and emerging markets than to other states in Europe. Right now, 40% of Europe’s trade with all African, Caribbean and Pacific countries is with West Africa.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Because Europe provides budget support to several countries in the region it has a great deal of leverage. That’s been put to work to make sure that after more than a decade of  tense negotiations , and some  weak concessions , West African leaders have largely  acquiesced to the pressure  before the October deadline. Defences range from “ we have no choice”  to “at least it’s better than America’s  African Growth and Opportunity Act .” Nigerian business groups are still working overtime to convince their government  not to sign .
Commentators in West Africa are  most worried about  aspects of the  Economic Partnership Agreement  (pdf) that could stop countries making major  policy decisions about  their own economies, these affect everything from intellectual property law and genetic resources to interest rates.
There’ll be no using protectionism to  prop up faltering economies  like the EU, no  stealing ideas to get ahead  like the US, and no  violating intellectual property  rights to produce lucrative life-saving drugs like India. West African nations could be cut off from some of the less than noble but  highly effective  (pdf) methods almost all advanced and emerging economies have used to grow.
We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com .
Share this:

USD 41 bn investment commitment an encouraging development: FicciE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BoE seeks to curb risky buy-to-let loans© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/118b635a-4a34-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Investors awaken to Catalan debateBanks and investors awaken to Catalan independence debate
By Tobias Buck in Madrid
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3e8174c4-4a2c-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

10 tweets on Windows 1010 tweets on Windows 10
Caption Len Goldenstein
Len Goldenstein offers his idea for naming Windows 10.
Len Goldenstein offers his idea for naming Windows 10. (@lengoldenstein / Twitter)

India will become a large gas market over time  says Shell LNG headIndia will become a large gas market over time, says Shell LNG head
V Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Roger Bounds, Shell, Global head Shell LNG.
The energy and petrochemicals major Shell is upbeat on opportunities in India in meeting LNG requirements and developing support infrastructure such as the Hazira terminal. The multinational has been recently asked to be part of an LNG terminal project in Kakinada in Andhra Pradesh. It is awaiting full diesel de-regulation to expand its retail presence. Roger Bounds, Global Head of Shell LNG, in an interaction with BusinessLine, outlines Shell’s perspective on the market opportunity and the way forward. Edited excerpts:
In the context of the current global prices, what are the opportunities Shell sees in India?
We think India will become a large gas market over time. It will be larger than what can possibly be met from domestic production. There will be an increase in gas imports. The most flexible form of gas import is LNG. It is a good fit between both the LNG we provide and also the environment benefits gas provides in enhancing the quality of life.
Given the fact that the gas prices in domestic and international markets vary, do you see that as a hurdle in the growth of LNG sector?
It’s always a challenge when the price of natural gas in the world market place is determined by market forces while domestic prices are sought to be set by variety of regulatory mechanisms. It is not unique to India.
We have, however, seen it being successfully addressed in a number of different countries and we are optimistic that it will be addressed in India as well. We are closely following the Government’s efforts to introduce more market-based pricing for gas in India.
How soon do you see the Andhra Pradesh gas terminal getting into the groove?
The State Government is giving us the support we were looking for. We are working with our joint venture partners to see how we can move this ahead.
It’s still early in the stages of the project and there is much more to be done in terms of resolving the commercial and regulatory issues. With our technical expertise, I am sure it will be overcome quite quickly and I look forward to speaking a bit more about it later.
Several natural gas-based plants are stranded. Some of them have the capacity to use other fuels. Do you see gas swap from your Hazira terminal?
There are different tax regimes for different fuel types. Here we go back to the question that Shell looks forward to some market-based pricing and then we have to be careful about different taxes on different fuel types for consumers with different choices.
Differential taxation discourages trading of gas and other products across State boundaries.
At a technical level, we do see the opportunity for fuel substitution and switching in the power market. One of the issue we see come in is not just technical quality of fuels but taxes impacting fuel choice and policy.
The experience in India, so far, with regard to gas as fuel for power plants has been disappointing. Do you see some turnaround?
I don’t think it has been disappointing at all. India has a rapidly growing gas market. There have been positive steps towards gas utilisation. The domestically produced offshore gas has not quite lived up to expectations that the industry had at the beginning.
So the consequence is we are now going to have to find other ways of sourcing that gas in order to make that contribution. There really has been a big step-up.
We see opportunities for LNG growth and for increased gas uptake in a few different areas.
One is where domestic gas reserves starts to run down, LNG can play a role to substitute for declining gas reserves or to complement increasing gas consumption. The second area is in meeting environmental requirements.
The third area is where customers are fully dependent on relatively higher priced liquid fuels such as diesel. People can move away from using diesel in power generation or transport and use LNG instead.
There is room for using LNG to be considered in India in petrochemicals, in urea and other industrial uses in power generation.
One of the things India really needs is infrastructure and that is where projects such as Kakinada can really help because by providing the infrastructure LNG can be provided in the market place. I think we can really contribute to sustainable and industrial development in India
What is your macro perspective?
In the last three or four years, the world energy business has been really affected by the Japan tsunami which took a lot of LNG away into North Asia. This made it difficult in actual terms to procure LNG to supply in the market place.
With the new projects now coming on line in Australia, North America, globally LNG supply is lifting. We are expecting the supplies to almost double every ten years. North Asia is also set to return to more normal levels.
India should be confident to access more competitively priced LNG supplies in to the future. So that is the best encouragement for being optimistic about more LNG supply coming into India.
What are the key policy concerns for you in terms of rapidly growing in India now?
Each project we have worked on has had regulatory challenges.
The most important thing for us to have is formal communication with the Government to be able to work closely with them, to understand what is it they are looking for; and if we can establish a climate of investment certainty, then they will allow us to move ahead.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Vijaya Bank  SBI cut rates on term depositsUpdated: October 1, 2014 23:40 IST
Vijaya Bank, SBI cut rates on term deposits
Special Correspondent
interest rate
Vijaya Bank, on Wednesday, announced a reduction in the interest rates on term deposits. The reduction ranges from 0.05 percentage point to 0.10 percentage point. It is for deposits in select maturities. The new interest rates will come into effect from October 4, a release from Vijaya Bank said. The move came in the backdrop of State Bank of India on Tuesday announcing a downward revision in the interest rate on retail term deposits (below Rs.1 crore).
SBI cuts rates
According to the change, coming into force on October 7, there will be a one percentage point reduction on such term deposits in the 7-45 days maturity bucket of SBI. Following the decision, the interest rate will be 6 per cent.
It was for the second time in September SBI announced a reduction in the interest rates on retail term deposits. On September 18, it brought down the interest rate on deposits in the maturity bucket of 1 year to less than three years by 25 basis points. The new interest rate was 8.75 per cent. .
In the same announcement, it had also announced an increase in the rate on deposits for 180-210 days from 7 per cent to 7.25 per cent.

War on Isis: On the front line© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/ceb48014-494f-11e4-9d7e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Iraqs race to reform  rehabilitate  rearm and reinvent its armed forces before Isis strengthens its hold© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/ceb48014-494f-11e4-9d7e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Column: Empower states for better law-makingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Letters to the editor: Punishing corrupt politiciansE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Fannie/Freddie: no Argentine bond© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/f93b1fd4-497a-11e4-9d7e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Special Report: Eastern Europes start-upsMore relaxed immigration rules help attract foreigners, says a founder of Prezi presentation software company
Oct 1, 2014
Polish schoolgirl has come up with a non-invasive method of drug delivery to tumour cells
Oct 1, 2014
Czech mayor’s online auctions for power supplies could extend to other goods and services
Oct 1, 2014
An interview with a Belarus publisher who gives a less restricted view online
Oct 1, 2014
Influx of EU Jeremie cash boosts start-ups in Hungary but fund managers are accused of micro-managing and stifling innovation
INVESTING IN CENTRAL AND EASTERN EUROPE PAST REPORTS

Blowing away stereotypes: Growing foreign interest reflects the regions potential for innovation© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2efab424-3740-11e4-b45c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

AT&T s Top 13 Broken Promises. DIRECTV Merger  Giga -Me-a-Break!If you live in any one of these 22 states, this story is about your broadband, Internet, phone and cable service from AT&T, as well as wiring of the schools, libraries and hospitals.
The current AT&T was created by the joining of:
Southwestern Bell (SBC) -- Texas, Arkansas, Oklahoma, Kansas, Missouri
Pacific Telesis -- California, Nevada
Ameritech -- Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin
BellSouth -- Alabama, Florida, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Louisiana, Mississippi, Kentucky, Georgia
AT&T
AT&T's actions also impacted the rest of America. And this isn't about history; AT&T has proposed yet another merger, with the broadband 'carrot' of upgrading 100 cities with 1 Gbps, "GigaPowerSM" fiber optics -- Giga-me-a-break. Based on history, most of these are just going to be 'fiber-to-the-press-release'.
The facts reveal that AT&T (and its previous incarnations) have never, fulfilled basic merger conditions and has a policy of 'say anything' to get deregulatory concessions to remove regulations, obligations and oversight.
And, unfortunately, the FCC has never been able to create enforceable commitments, much less supply basic oversight, or even track the state-based broadband plans. In fact, many FCC administrations worked for the phone and cable companies and against the Public's Interests.
Let us be clear -- larger is worse, not better. In state after state, after every merger AT&T shut down or ignored any fiber optic broadband commitments (which customers paid for), such as in Connecticut (SNET) or California (Pacific Bell). Moreover, AT&T (then SBC) failed to compete out-of-region against what is now Verizon and Centurylink for wired services, (a condition of the SBC-Ameritech merger) and, based on AT&T's own statements, failed to supply 100% of the 22 states AT&T controls with minimal broadband services, (a commitment in the BellSouth-AT&T merger).
By 2000, around 12 million households should have been upgraded to fiber optics, including schools and libraries, and the combined companies should have spent over $30 billion to do it. By 2014, we estimate that AT&T has collected about $150- $200 billion in excess phone charges and tax perks since the 1990's to upgrade the state-based utility networks that should have supplied at least 45 Mbps (in both directions) to homes, offices, as well as schools and libraries.
And all of these maneuvers have bad consequences. For example, according to Ookla's Net Index, America is 25th in the world in broadband download speeds and 40th in the world in upload speeds, and in large part because AT&T pulled the ultimate bait and switch -- AT&T's entire 22 state U-Verse deployment (which we dubbed "Re-verse") is almost exclusively a copper-to-the-home service that relies on the old, in place, legacy, utility copper wires that AT&T complains needs to be 'shut off' in 25-50% of their territories so they can force customers onto their own wireless service instead of upgrading the utility networks.
Before ANY merger is agreed upon, we call on the FCC and the states to investigate how AT&T gamed the system by not fulfilling basic commitments in these previous mergers and the harms that were created throughout the US because of AT&T's actions.
Our new book, " The Book of Broken Promises supplies links to all of the data, statements and filings so that you, the reader, can corroborate these statements.
1) AT&T-Bellsouth Was to Have 100% of 22 States Capable of at least Minimal Broadband Speeds by 2007.
AT&T claims that it completed the AT&T-BellSouth merger commitments to have 100% of its 22 states delivering a minimum speed of 200 kbps in one direction. This speed was set by the FCC in the 1990s to set the bar so low that two cans-and-string could almost fulfill this requirement; it was done to inflate the number of broadband connections in America.
The AT&T-BellSouth merger agreement:
And AT&T signed documents that they had completed their commitments by 2007. However, compare this to the current AT&T statements in 2013-2014. DIRECTV  claims that 15 million customers in the AT&T states still do not have broadband today.
"15 Million Customer Locations Get More High Speed Broadband Competition. AT&T will use the merger synergies to expand its plans to build and enhance high-speed broadband service to 15 million customer locations, mostly in rural areas where AT&T does not provide high-speed broadband service today..."
In fact, AT&T's own IP Transition Trial documents, filed with the FCC, claims that even after the trial in Carbon Hill, Alabama, at least 4% will still not have IP/broadband. And worse, in 2013, AT&T claimed that 25% didn't have IP wireline networks (broadband) and that after the trials, mergers, and proposed upgrades, they'd finally be able to offer a wireless substitute for broadband.
"In the 25 percent of AT&T's wireline customer locations where it's currently not economically feasible to build a competitive IP wireline network, the company said it will utilize its expanding 4G LTE wireless network -- as it becomes available -- to offer voice and high-speed IP Internet services."
Where are the FCC investigations? Isn't AT&T admitting they didn't have 100% completed by 2007?
2) SBC Was to Compete for Wireline Service Out-of-Region in 30 Cities by 2002 -- Never Happened.
The SBC press release states:
"Whitacre Calls SBC-Ameritech Merger 'Critical' for Nationwide Competition."
We quote testimony: Before the Antitrust, Business Rights and Competition Subcommittee of the Senate Judiciary Committee, by Edward E. Whitacre, Jr. Chairman & CEO, SBC Communications Inc. May 19, 1998.
"Under the "National-Local" strategy, the new SBC would enter 30 U.S. markets outside its traditional territory, competing with Bell Atlantic, BellSouth, MCI/WorldCom, AT&T and others for business and residential customers by offering a full range of services, including local and long distance. Combined with the top 20 markets the two companies currently serve in their regions, this strategy would give the combined company a presence in the nation's top 50 markets that would be backed by a state-of-the-art nationwide voice and data network, and a growing international network."
In 2002, we filed a complaint with Congress to investigate. We had called reporters around the country and NOT ONE reporter knew of any SBC services being offered in the city with any media campaigns or mailings, etc.
And why? Well, the FCC, under then-chairman Michael Powell (now the head of the cable association, NCTA) had shredded commitments in the fine print. Only three customers were required in any city to fulfill the out-of-region commitments.
Example: SBC's press release stated:
"On April 9, 2002, the SBC notified the Commissioner that it had installed by April 8, 2001 local exchange switching capacity and was providing local exchange service to at least three unaffiliated customers in the following 10 markets: Baltimore, Bergen-Passaic, Middlesex, Nassau, Newark, Orlando, Salt Lake City, Tampa, Washington DC and West Palm Beach."
I could sign up more people at a bar by offering a free round of Jell-O shots than this incredibly sleazy fine print commitment.
The Mergers Killed the Fiber Optic Deployments in America.
Then we have the closing of fiber optic broadband deployments that were underway in every state SBC (now AT&T) took over.
3) Pacific Telesis -- was to spend $16 billion on 5.5. million homes in California by 2000. After the merger in 1997, SBC shut down everything being built and never spent about $15 billion.
4) SNET, Connecticut -- was to spend $4.5 billion and to have 100% completed by 2007; SNET started rolling out cable services over fiber and after the merger everything was abandoned.
5,6,7,8, 9) Ameritech -- claimed it would have 6 million households wired by 2000. Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Ohio and Wisconsin -- all had commitments to build out fiber optic networks, and some states included schools and libraries. All we able to get state 'alternative regulations' to fund these upgrades and they started to roll out vanilla cable service; The hatchet came after the merger, where the entire five-state region's upgrades were sold off to WOW, a small cable provider.
Ohio Bell, part of Ameritech, had state laws changed based on claiming they would be wiring schools, libraries and hospitals and spending $1 billion on the construction.
Ohio Bell, Alternate Regulation Plan, September 20, 1994
"21. INFRASTRUCTURE COMMITMENTS The Company's infrastructure commitment in this Plan shall consist of the commitment to deploy, within five years of the effective date of the Plan and within the Company's existing service territory, broadband two-way fully interactive high quality distance learning capabilities to all state chartered high schools including vocational, technical schools, colleges and universities; deploy broadband facilities to all hospitals, libraries, county jails and state, county and federal court buildings..."
10) In Texas, one of SBC (Southwestern Bell) original states, (now AT&T) committed to spending $1.1 billion on educational institutions, etc., as part of projects funded by the Telecommunications Infrastructure Fund -- with speeds 45 Mbps, as of 1995.
"On customer request, the electing company shall provide broadband digital service that is capable of providing transmission speeds of up to 45 megabits per second or better for customer applications and other customized or packaged network services (private network services) to an entity described in this section for their private and sole use except as provided in Subsection (d) of this section:
(i) educational institutions, as that term is defined in Section 3.605 of this Act;
(ii) libraries, as that term is defined in Section 3.606 of this Act;
(iii) nonprofit telemedicine centers of academic health centers, public or not for profit hospitals, or state licensed health care practitioners;
(iv) public or not for profit hospitals."
11) Closing the Networks to Competition -- Promise them 100 Mbps Fiber Optics, 2002.
In order to close the networks to direct competition, which were opened under the Telecommunications Act of 1996, then-SBC told the FCC that it would roll out 100 Mbps fiber-to-the-home services if only the FCC got rid of those pesky competitors.
Then-FCC-chairman Michael Powell wrote, in October 2004:
"The networks we are considering in this item offer speeds of up to 100 Mbps and exist largely where no provider has undertaken the expense and risk of pulling fiber all the way to a home.
"SBC has committed to serve 300,000 households with a FTTH (fiber-to-the-home) network while BellSouth has deployed a deep fiber network to approximately 1 million homes. Other carriers are taking similar actions."
Never happened.
12)   Re-verse: The "Copper-to-the-Home" Service.
As soon as the ink was dry on the closing of the networks, AT&T announced they were doing 'fiber-based services', which was a euphemism for -- a "copper-to-the-home" service, with fiber optics in a box within ½ mile of the location. And they would take the money from the original construction budgets to upgrade the state utility; it was not 'extra', added dollars.
Instead, AT&T simply decided to use the existing, legacy, old , copper wires and added some new technology. But, in this 'say anything' world, AT&T keeps repeating that U-verse is 'fiber based'. One example:
"Welcome to the Evolution of Digital TV, Internet, and Voice: "AT&T U-verse® includes fiber optic technology and computer networking to bring you better digital TV, faster Internet, and a smarter phone. Bring it all together by customizing your own bundle now."
13) AT&T's Press Release: "AT&T Eyes 100 U.S. Cities and Municipalities for its Ultra-Fast Fiber Network."
In this latest round to use broadband as a 'carrot' to push through the merger and get more deregulation, AT&T's new plan includes "GigaPowerSM" fiber optic-based cities.
"DALLAS, April 21, 2014 - AT&T today announced a major initiative to expand its ultra-fast fiber network to up to 100 candidate cities and municipalities nationwide, including 21 new major metropolitan areas. The fiber network will deliver AT&T U-verse® with GigaPowerSM service, which can deliver broadband speeds up to 1 Gigabit per second and AT&T's most advanced TV services, to consumers and businesses. AT&T will work with local leaders in these markets to discuss ways to bring the service to their communities."
But, notice that the last line includes "will work with local leaders ... to discuss..."
Giga-me-a-break. This is pure fantasy. AT&T failed to upgrade the states where customers have been paying for decades for fiber optics, and here is just another reminder that we made a serious mistake. When I checked this announcement, ( See chart ) AT&T had only 1 city, Austin, "already servicing with fiber today".
Had the state commitments been enforced and upheld, America would have already been a fiber optic nation. And with a starting point of bi-directional 45 Mbps speeds, we should have been a Gigabit nation by now.
AT&T must be investigated for its previous failures to fulfill basic commitments in prior mergers, especially the AT&T-BellSouth merger. And the states should go back and examine whether customers have been paying extra for decades based on commitments never fulfilled.
But this brings up a much larger question -- Why shouldn't we dismantle the current AT&T? It's too big to succeed, has overcharged customers by about $150-200 billion (which continues to be collected), pulled a massive bait and switch, failed to bring competition (which would have lowered prices), and, in short -- harmed America.
Let the investigations begin.
More:

See Nifty in the range of 7850-8050 next week: Sandeep WagleBank Nifty
(The Nifty will move in the…)
In a chat with ET Now, Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth, shares his views on the markets as well as some stocks. Excerpts:
ET Now: How are you looking at the charts of banking stocks? There are fundamentally not many cues, but does the chart suggest more downside?
Sandeep Wagle: Certainly they are a shade weak, but they may not crack down from here. The Nifty will move in the range of 150-200 points next week. I do not see 7850 being broken on the downside. I do not see 8050 being broken on the upside, and Bank Nifty will follow suit.
If one is looking at as a trade, 3%-4% trading downside might be possible. Though they do not look strong or positive, but I do not see a downside below that.
ET Now: How do the charts look for Tata Power which was down 2.5% at 80.80?
Sandeep Wagle: I have a sell in this stock and I am looking at the levels of sub-75. So, I see 7%-8% trading downside and do not see the stock going above 82.50-83. It is a good trade set up with a close stop loss. You can get a fast move of 7%-8% downside over the next three to four trading sessions.
ET Now: Which one of two between IT Gammon Infra and IVRCL is looking interesting for a trade?
Sandeep Wagle: Gammon Infra looks interesting. I would want it to cross 16.5 and then give an inverse head-and-shoulders breakout. I cannot say for sure whether it will, but if it does, the volumes will be catchy. So, I would go with Gammon Infra above 16.50. In case 16.50 is broken out, you can expect a move toward 18.50-19.
ET Now: Can Bata do more next week?
Sandeep Wagle: Certainly! Bata has broken out of a very strong resistance level of 1350-1360 and the volumes on Wednesday have been on the higher side, almost double of the last average of so many days or weeks. So in that sense I see the move continue till at least 1480 to 1500. There is a very clear 5% to 7% trading upside. I do not see 1360-1350 being crossed on the downside. Jubilant also does look good
ET Now: What are you making of the move in the OMC basket? They started off the week on a low note, but then again they perked up and are undeterred by the fuel price cut.
Sandeep Wagle: I would talk of BPCL at a level of around 610 to 600, not at the current level of 660. Talking of the weekly charts, for the next three to four months I do not think 600 or 575 will be broken.
In that sense, I would be a buyer on a little bit of correction. The right level for me to buy BPCL, which according to me is the strongest amongst the OMCs, is around 620 to 600 and I do not see 570-560 being broken. So take a 10% risk there and I would talk of a 750 target over the next three to six months, but not at the current level of 650-660. I would wait for a 5%-7% correction.
 
ET Now: What is the way forward for Sun Pharma, Ranbaxy after the shoot up that we have seen in just the last three trading sessions?
Sandeep Wagle: Though the direction is up for Sun Pharma, it faces a very strong resistance at around 870-880. I presume Ranbaxy will move along with that. I am not very comfortable taking a call for a Rs 20 resistance. Let it clear 880, may be even 900. Then I would take a call because my target over a little longer term, which is a few weeks to a few months, is clearly above 1000-1020. So either one buys above 880 or waits for a correction and buys in the region of 840-850. That would make better sense, according to me. I am not trying to say that it will be weak, but it may consolidate.
ET Now: What is on your trading list for Tuesday?
Sandeep Wagle: I would go with a buy in Bata, with a stop loss of 1365 and target 1440. I would also go with a buy in Wipro, with a stop loss of 605, target of 638, and a sell in Tata Power, with a stop loss of 82.50, target of 75.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Investors in Brazil vote with their feetInvestors vote with their sales slips on Brazil election
By Joe Leahy in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/326ceda8-4a04-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why Dr. Rajan is Right in Keeping Rates Steady: Experts ViewMeasures Undertaken by New Government to Revive Growth: India Inc
The Reserve Bank of India kept key interest rates unchanged in its policy announced on September 30, citing upward risks to inflation. Although the RBI's decision didn't please many corporates and home buyers, experts supported the central bank's decision to hold rates.
Here is what experts say on RBI's move to keep interest rates steady ( Watch ):
Madan Sabnavis, chief economist at Care Ratings
Mr Sabnavis says achieving 6 per cent inflation target by January 2016 is going to be difficult. "Inflation potential is still high in the country. I think the main reason of high consumer inflation is food inflation. Ministry of Agriculture has already said that kharif production will be lower than last year." he added.
"I think given the fact that financial savings in the country have been taking a beating in last couple of years, it is a prudent policy to ensure that we have positive interest rates," added Mr. Sabnavis
MS Unnikrishnan, managing director at Thermax
Consumption in our country has decreased, hurt by high inflation, which has led to capacity underutilisation in various industries, said Mr Unnikrishnan. "Cement at 65-70 per cent across the country, steel is running at 70 per cent capacity utilisation," he added.
RBI's focus on inflation will result in increased purchasing power for individuals, which will boost consumer oriented sectors like food processing, pharma, liquor, beverages and textile, he added.
Dr. Soumya Kanti Ghosh, chief eco. advisor at SBI
Dr Ghosh said from RBI's statement it was clear that inflation target of 8 per cent would be achievable by January 2015, but there was a little bit of worry on 6 per cent inflation target by January 2016.
"Overall it is a good policy and it agrees with the market consensus that the economy is firmly on a dis-inflationary trend and we should not look into any rate cut for the next one year or so," he added.
Munish Dayal, partner at Baring Private Equity Partners India
Mr Dayal said RBI's policy action to hold rates is justified as it focused on the aspect of "high inflation, lower disposable income."
High inflation brings down disposable income and lower disposable income impairs demand, which restricts corporates from capacity creation, said Mr Dayal.
Story first published on: October 02, 2014 16:43 (IST)

Nigeria stops exporting oil to USSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Oil explorers: class struggle© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/a8dfbfc8-44d3-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

iPhone 6 priced in India at about Rs 56 000 on eBayE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Lamborghini unveil plug-in hybridMost stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer .
Morningstar: © 2014 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2014. All rights reserved.
Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.
Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2014 and/or its affiliates.
© 2014 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy .
.

Alibabas Founder on Why His Company Is Killing It in ChinaA blog about business and economics.
Oct. 2 2014 9:19 AM
Alibaba’s Founder on Why His Company Is Killing It in China
 
Reprinted from
Jack Ma: "When you have $1 million, you’re a lucky person. When you have $10 million, you have trouble."
Photo by John Moore/Getty Images
This article originally appeared in Wired .
Alibaba founder Jack Ma and the Notorious B.I.G. may seem like two very different people—OK, fine, they’re polar opposites—but on stage at the Clinton Global Initiative’s Annual Meeting in New York City on Wednesday, Sept. 24, Ma made it clear that he shares at least one belief with the late rapper: mo’ money, mo’ problems.*
Advertisement
“When you have $1 million, you’re a lucky person. When you have $10 million, you have trouble,” Ma said on stage. “When you have more than $1 billion, you have responsibility.”
As Ma told his audience, that responsibility is weighing heavily on him after his company’s record-shattering IPO last week, in which the e-commerce giant raised $25 billion. “People think you can spend money better than the others,” said the newly minted richest man in China. “But I only eat three meals a day. I only use one bed.”
Alibaba’s successful U.S. IPO has led some to wonder whether the company is readying itself for a U.S. expansion , so it can take on the likes of Amazon and Google. But as Ma himself indicates, that’s easier said than done. During his appearance in New York, he hinted that such a move may require a true strategic shift for Alibaba which, until now, has benefited from a lack of quality competition in its home country.
In a charmingly humble, and delightfully loopy conversation—at one point, Ma quoted Forrest Gump, referring to him as his “American idol”—Ma credited much of his success at Alibaba to the small- and medium-sized businesses that buy and sell their goods on his company’s many Web properties, but also to the business landscape in China, where conducting commerce can be an infrastructural nightmare.
“The reason we win in e-commerce in China is because the infrastructure of commerce in China was too bad. Why e-commerce in the U.S. is not that good is because the infrastructure of commerce was so good, that e-commerce is a supplement,” he explained. “In U.S., e-commerce is a dessert. In China, it’s a main course.”
That could be one reason why Ma says part of his strategy for growing the company is to continue expanding into developing countries—countries where approximately 6.5 billion people don’t use e-commerce today. “That’s the opportunity we could have,” he says. “We’re trying to help Nigerian SMEs sell to the Philippines and the Philippines sell to Pakistan and Pakistan sell to Argentina. If we can make that happen, that’s where the money should go.”
Ma also said he plans to reinvest the $3 billion he set aside from the IPO for philanthropy in environmental and educational projects in China to “help those who want to be successful.” He said that if he, who once made $20 a month, taught himself English, and started Alibaba out of his home, could be successful in China, then anyone could be. “I never had one day of education in the United States,” Ma proudly. “I’m 100 percent made in China.”
See also:

Two suspected militants killed in blast inBurdwanPress Trust of India | Burdwan | Posted: October 2, 2014 7:48 pm
Two suspected militants were killed and another was injured in an explosion in a house inhabited by them here on Thursday.
Superintendent of Police SMH Mirza said the blast took place in the house at Khagragarh locality of the town in which one person, Shakil Ahmed, died on the spot and two others were injured.
Ahmed was originally from Karimpur in Nadia district.
One of the two injured, Sovan Mandal, died during treatment at Burdwan Medical College and Hospital later, officials in the hospital said.
The other injured, Hasan Saheb, hailing from Lalgola in Murshidabad district, was also admitted in the same hospital in a serious condition, officials said.
It is suspected that the victims of the explosion were associated with a militant outfit as a large number of watch dials, SIM cards, and other tools required to make improvised explosive devices (IED) were found in the house, police said.
The police also seized some half-burnt papers from the spot.
It was not yet clear how the explosion took place, police said, adding, bomb squad personnel have arrived on the spot.
Besides the three victims, two women and as many children were there in the house which was not much damaged in the explosion.
The SP was questioning the two women — wives of Shakil  Ahmed and Hasan Saheb, police said.
At about 12 noon, local people informed the fire brigade and the police after hearing a loud sound and noticing smoke billowing out of a first floor window.
Owner of the two-storey house, Hasan Chowdhury, who lives in another house across the road, said he had given the first floor to Shakil Ahmed, the deceased, on a monthly rent of Rs 4,700 but he did not know the identity of the two others.
Shakil Ahmed’s wife Rumi Bibi said her husband and she were staying in the house for about three months while Amina Bibi, wife of injured Hasan, said she was there for about one and a half months.

Airlines to gain from falling crude priceAirlines to gain from falling crude price
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 02, 2014 11:34 PM IST
Drop in crude oil price is a positive for the troubled domestic airlines that saw a surge in losses in the last financial year. State oil companies had reduced the price of aviation turbine fuel (ATF) by three per cent just two days ago. In Delhi, the domestic ATF now costs Rs 67,525 a kilolitre, the lowest since July last year.
Fuel accounts for as much as 35-40 per cent of the operational cost of an airline. Moreover, dollarised costs (including fuel, paid for in dollars at the time of import) are 60-70 per cent of the total cost. In the previous financial year, airlines consumed about 5.5 million tonnes of ATF, with a bulk of sales taking place at the airports in Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Chennai and Hyderabad.
For 2013-14, Jet Airways’ fuel bill rose 2.6 per cent  to Rs 7,175 crore, compared to that of 2012-13. SpiceJet’s fuel expenses jumped 30 per cent to Rs 1,053 crore during the same period, impacting profit.

LIC gets Rs 11 500 crore in income tax refundsLife Insurance Corporation gets Rs 11,500 crore in income tax refunds, policy holders to benefit
PTI Oct 2, 2014, 07.58PM IST
Tags:
Income Tax
(LIC has paid advance income…)
MUMBAI: Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has received more than Rs 11,500 crore in income tax refunds and a big chunk of the amount would be passed on to policyholders, an official said.
"We received I-T refunds in two tranches aggregating to more than Rs 11,500 crore, after winning a dispute with the I-T department at the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal (ITAT)," an LIC official, who wished not to be named, told PTI here today, adding that this refund happens to be the largest which the company has received so far.
This could not be ascertained with LIC Chairman S K Roy. A text message sent to him also remained unanswered.
In its order dated April 3, 2013, ITAT Mumbai had delivered a judgement in favour of LIC with respect to assessment years 2007-08, 2008-09 and 2009-10, the official said.
As a result of the above ITAT judgement, the LIC received a refund of Rs 4,190.19 crore for assessment years (AY) 2007-08 and 2009-10 on December 31, 2013. A refund for AY 2008-09 worth Rs 7,500 crore has been received by the LIC recently, the official said.
As per Section 26 of the LIC Act of 1956, 95 per cent of the surplus coming from I-T refunds ought to go to its policyholders, while the remaining 5 per cent has to be paid to the government in the form of dividend, after arriving at actuarial valuation at the close of the current fiscal year, the LIC official said.
LIC has paid advance income tax for the financial year 2013-14 (AY2014-15) to the tune of Rs 5,118.92 crore, as against Rs 4,323.99 crore in 2012-13 (AY2013-14).
LIC's service tax obligations for FY14 was Rs 4,022.40 crore (provisional) as against Rs 3,682.58 crore in FY13, he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

About 100 people may have had contact with Ebola patientBy Abby Phillip October 2 Follow @abbydphillip
Texas Gov. Rick Perry said some “school-aged children” had contact with the first patient to be diagnosed with Ebola in the United States. (Reuters)
Texas health officials said Thursday that there are "about 100" people who may have had contact with Thomas Eric Duncan, the man who is being treated in a Dallas-area hospital for Ebola .
"We are working from a list of about 100 potential or possible contacts and will soon have an official contact tracing number that will be lower," Texas Department of State Health Services spokeswoman Carrie Williams said in a statement. "Out of an abundance of caution, we're starting with this very wide net, including people who have had even brief encounters with the patient or the patient's home. The number will drop as we focus in on those whose contact may represent a potential risk of infection."
The family that hosted Ebola patient Thomas Eric Duncan could be confined for three weeks. Health officials are reaching out to as many as 100 people who may have had contact with Duncan or someone who knows him. (AP)
Dallas County Health and Human Services Director Zachary Thompson said that these people are not being watched or monitored and are not showing any symptoms of the illness. Only the immediate family members of the victim are being regularly monitored for Ebola symptoms; they've been ordered to stay at home  and avoid contact with others.
On Wednesday, Texas officials initially said that they believed the man had contact with 12 to 18 people, including five children who attended four different schools in the Dallas area.
"Now the number has increased in terms of number of contacts," Thompson said in a phone interview. "The only [people] closely monitored at this point are the family members."
On Wednesday night, Duncan's family members received an order requiring them to stay home and comply with blood tests for the duration of the virus's potential 21-day incubation period.
Thompson said that the control order was necessary "to ensure compliance."

HK police warn protesters | China backs HK c...Hong Kong police warn protesters against occupying buildings
By Reuters | 2 Oct, 2014, 08.32PM IST
Protest leaders, frustrated at the govt's refusal to meet their demands, have threatened to occupy government buildings if Leung fails to resign.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
HONG KONG: Hong Kong police promised on Thursday to respond firmly to any attempt by thousands of pro-democracy protesters to occupy administrative buildings, and authorities urged people to immediately end their blockade of the city centre.
The mostly young protesters have demanded Hong Kong's leader , Leung Chun-ying , step down by the end of Thursday, and want China to introduce full democracy so the city can freely choose its own leader.
Several protest leaders, frustrated at the government's refusal to meet their demands, have threatened to occupy government buildings if Leung fails to resign.
But the chief executive, appointed by Beijing, has refused to budge, leaving the two sides far apart in a dispute over how much political control China should have over Hong Kong.
Steve Hui, senior superintendent of the Hong Kong police force, said police would take action in accordance with the law if the protesters tried to enter government buildings.
"Whenever there are violent and major incidents and crimes such as fighting and any other situation that jeopardises safety and public order, police will take resolute and firm action to restore public order," Hui said, when asked how police would respond should the students carry through with their threat.
"We assure (you) that police will have enough manpower to deal with every single situation."
Riot police used tear gas, pepper spray and baton charges last weekend to quell unrest, the worst in Hong Kong since China resumed its rule of the former British colony in 1997.
Tens of thousands of people were on the streets of central Hong Kong on Thursday night, below peak numbers seen during six days of mass demonstrations but still significant.
Some protesters said they would go back to work on Friday after a two-day public holiday, but they planned to continue to support the movement by returning in the evenings.
Several thousand people gathered outside Leung's office in Central business district, where they faced more than 100 police officers wearing riot gear. The situation was calm so far.
The area is seen as a potential flashpoint as the student deadline approaches, and some demonstrators wore goggles and face masks. Hong Kong Cable TV showed police moving boxes marked as containing rubber bullets and tear gas into Leung's offices.
Page 1 of 3

Heres one way to get to the finish line fasterHow far? Depends on how you look at it.(Creative Commons/Timo Newton-Syms)
SHARE
Zainab Mudallal @Zainab_Mudallal
October 2, 2014
It’s hard to stay motivated on a long walk or run when the finish line (or your couch) looks so far away. Try focusing your eyes on a specific destination. New research  shows that this “attentional narrowing” will not only make your target feel closer—it actually can help you get there faster.
According to a study from New York University, concentrating on a specific target like a building, as opposed to people-watching or casually observing your surroundings during your exercise, also can make the overall experience feel easier.
The study  (paywall) consisted of two experiments. The first involved 66 adults, a hot summer day, a New York City park, and an open cooler, stationed some distance away from the group and filled with ice and drinks. Subjects who were asked to focus just on the cooler estimated that it was a shorter distance away, compared with those who were instructed to let their attention wander naturally.
In the second experiment, 73 participants were instructed to walk 20 feet in a gymnasium with ankle weights that added 15% to their body weight. Those asked to focus on the finish line (a traffic cone) perceived the cone to be 28% closer than it was, and walked 23% faster than the natural attention group. They also reported that the walk was less physically demanding than the natural attention group did.
The study was co-authored by Emily Balcetis, an assistant professor at NYU’s Department of Psychology; Shana Cole, now an assistant professor in the School of Arts and Sciences at Rutgers University; and Matthew Riccio, an undergraduate at NYU’s College of Arts and Science.
Share this:

Appointment of US-based economist as India adviser hits Narendra Modi hurdleE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Europe reveals post-crisis swaps rules© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ba3777c2-4a3a-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

World will rue banning Russia from SwiftThe hidden cost of freezing Russia out of finance
By Gillian Tett
Instead of having one major cross-border payments system there could eventually be many
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2adebf9c-48c1-11e4-9f63-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Swachh Bharat  should become a mass movement: BJP chief Amit Shah26
0
Mumbai: The cleanliness campaign launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi should become a mass movement with participation of all sections of society, BJP president Amit Shah said on Thursday.
"All political parties, social and religious organisations need to participate in this initiative," Shah said after participating in a cleanliness drive outside Khar railway station in suburban Mumbai.
BJP General Secretary Rajiv Pratap Rudy launched the cleanliness campaign by symbolically sweeping a pavement outside state BJP office.
BJP General Secretary Rajiv Pratap Rudy launched the cleanliness campaign by symbolically sweeping a pavement outside state BJP office.
#amit shah #swachh bharat #clean india #clean up india
"This drive is for a national cause without any politics. The PM has launched this unique campaign for a noble cause. The BJP government's aim is to make India clean, neat and green," he said.
Going by public response and enthusiasm, this campaign is sure to make India a better and cleaner place, he said.
4

Swachh Bharat is nothing but a UPA scheme: P ChidambaramE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BoE seeks powers over buy-to-let loans© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/118b635a-4a34-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Will launch several new productsSave this video
Copy URL
Pradeep Bakshi, President & COO - Unitary products, Voltas said that the company saw growth of around 27% and gained market share of 22.3% in the summer season. He said that Voltas has managed to maintain market leader position for 3 years in a row and the company will be launching several new products and schemes going forward.
18

Editorial: From Coal India to BSNLE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jayalalithaa paid for Sudhakarans weddingUpdated: October 3, 2014 09:36 IST
‘Jayalalithaa paid for Sudhakaran’s wedding’
Sruthisagar Yamunan
judiciary (system of justice)
The expenses for the lavish wedding ceremony of V.N. Sudhakaran in 1995 were indeed borne by former Chief Minister Jayalalithaa, the Special Court has said in its final judgment.
But the court brought down the total wedding expenditure claimed by the prosecution from Rs 6.45 crore to Rs 3 crore. It said evidence clinchingly established that the expenses were paid for by Ms. Jayalalithaa herself. She had before the wedding declared Mr. Sudhakaran her foster son, but later disowned him.
During the course of the trial, Ms. Jayalalithaa had claimed that the elaborate wedding was funded by the bride’s family and AIADMK party workers.
In the judgment accessed by The Hindu, the special judge John Michael Cunha said “that right from the erection of pandals, till the performance of marriage, the reception of guests and the accommodation of guests, all the expenses of the marriage were met by A1 [Ms. Jayalalithaa] except to the extent of Rs 14 lakh, which is said to have been contributed by the father of the bride.”
The judge said that while on the one hand she disowned the marriage expenses, Ms. Jayalalithaa had herself declared in her IT returns of 1996-97 spending for the marriage to the tune of Rs 29.92 lakh.
The judge said if it was indeed true that the expenses were borne by the bride’s father, there was no reason for Ms. Jayalalithaa to make payments by issuing cheques in connection with wedding expenses.
“The very fact, all the original documents, receipts and cheque leaves were seized from the office of PW 228, the auditor of Ms. Jayalalithaa, itself is sufficient to show that the entire expense was met only by A1,” the verdict said.
Though the court was of the view that the Rs 6.45 crore amount fixed by the DVAC appeared to be exorbitant, it observed that “having regard to the accommodation provided to more than 40 to 50 thousand people at two places and special arrangements made for the stage and decoration, the said amount does not appear to be unreasonable.”
The judgment said if the claim of the AIADMK party workers that they spent Rs 60 lakh for the façade alone is to be believed, having regard to the magnitude of the event, at least three times this amount could be estimated for putting up the pandals.
“Further, a minimum of Rs 40 to Rs 50 lakh might have been spent on food on the date of marriage, reception and for breakfast,” the court estimated.
“All of this would certainly entail an expense of more than Rs 3 crore even by modest and conservative estimation. A sum 3 crore is taken as expenses borne by A1,” the judge said.

Cyber Spy High: Meet the NSA s Hacker Recruitercyber spy high: meet the nsa s hacker recruiter
Jayalalitha bail hearingadjourned...    Cached
As Jayalalithaa sought immediate relief, the Court on Tuesday first posted the hearing for Oct 6 but hours later listed the matter for Wednesday after her ...

Hong Kong democracy protestdemocracy-protests-end    Cached
No one is sure of the end game for Hong Kong’s pro-democracy protesters, who have taken over key streets here—but promises by the government, or extraordinary ...
www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-29413349    Cached
China's guide to democracy. China editor Carrie Gracie on how state media ensures coverage of Hong Kong is in line with Party thinking
More search results

Ranbir Kapoor surgeryRanbir-Kapoor...surgery    Cached
Ranbir Kapoor who had a fantastic birthday this year since his alleged girlfriend Katrina Kaif threw a bash for him, underwent a surgery, the day after the celebration.

Column: Testing times for tribunalsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PM Narendra Modi: Radio 7RCRE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Markets closed on account of Mahatma Gandhi JayantiMarkets closed on account of Mahatma Gandhi Jayanti
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 02, 2014 09:37 AM IST
Indian equity, forex, money and commodity markets are shut today on account of Mahatma Gandhi Jayanti, the birth anniversary of the leader of India's fight for independence from British rule. 
Markets will be closed from Thursday to Monday, with trading to resume on Tuesday, i.e., October 7.
The Sensex fell 0.23%, or 62.52 points, to end at 26,567.99 on Wednesday. The broader Nifty lost 0.24%, or 19.25 points, to end at 7,945.55.
The partially convertible rupee ended at 61.61/62 per dollar compared with Tuesday's close of 61.7450/7550.
Further, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) have bought shares worth a net Rs 5102.52 crore in September 2014 (till 29 September 2014). FPIs bought shares worth a net Rs 5429.76 crore in August 2014. FPIs have bought shares worth a net Rs 83437.70 crore in this calendar year (till 29 September 2014).
GLOBAL MARKETS
Asian stocks fell on Thursday, dragged lower after the first case of Ebola diagnosed in the United States spooked Wall Street overnight, while a bout of risk aversion pushed down yields and put the dollar's recent rally on pause.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dipped 0.2%, and Tokyo's Nikkei shed 1.3%.
Hong Kong streets were calm early on Thursday as while police largely kept their distance from tens of thousands of mostly young people who have continued protests for nearly a week.
U.S. stocks dropped more than 1 percent on Wednesday as the Ebola news scared investors, economic data pointed to uneven growth, and the Russell 2000 index of small-cap shares entered correction territory.
Investors warmed to the Japanese currency after a slew of surveys showed German factory activity shrank for the first time in 15 months, China's manufacturing sector barely grew, while the United States slowed more than expected.
The dollar traded at 109.025 yen, suffering a sharp fall on declining U.S. Treasury yields after poking above the psychological 110 threshold the previous day for the first time since 2008.

Looking to beef up investments in IndiaSave this video
Copy URL
David Cordani, CEO and President, Cigna Corporation said that the company has invested $25 million in India so far and is looking to beef up investments further. He also said that Cigna could raise stake in TTK JV to 49%.
41

India has among slowest broadband in AsiaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Angry Birds maker Rovio cuts 16% of jobsAngry Birds maker Rovio cuts 16% of workforce
By Robert Cookson and David Crouch
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/113f67d6-4a19-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tatkal booking linked to dynamic pricing system  fares to go upTatkal booking linked to dynamic pricing system, fares to go up
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 02, 2014 05:56 PM IST
In a move that could be described as "festival dampener", the rates of the tatkal tickets will go up with the Railways deciding to sell 50% of the quota tickets using dynamic fare system.
"It has been decided that 50% of the existing tatkal quota ticket shall be sold under dynamic fare scheme," said a senior Railway Ministry official.
After booking of the first 50% of the tatkal quota under the present tatkal scheme, the subsequent 50% of the tatkal quota, defined as premium tatkal quota shall be issued on dynamic pricing which means more the demand, more the price.
The 'Premium Tatkal Ticket scheme' became operational in 80 trains from October 1 and is available only for online bookings.
"All zones have been asked to identify five popular trains in their respective zone," said the official.
There is a tremendous rush for tickets during the festive season as passengers prefer to travel to their home towns for celebrating Dusshera and Diwali.
However, railways has described the scheme as a preventive measure to deal with the menace of touts.
"There were reports of genuine passengers being fleeced by touts. This will help facilitating needy passengers to get tickets," the official said.
The scheme, applicable on selected trains, will increase the prices of tatkal tickets and as an end result the train fare.
Under the scheme, passengers will have to pay normal tatkal fare for 50% of the total tickets available. But for subsequent 10 per cent tickets, 20% more will be charged which means after selling 50% of tatkal tickets, the national transporter will keep increasing the fare with the sale of tickets.
For example, if there are 60 seats available in third AC coach of any train, then 30 tickets will be sold on normal tatkal fare. Out of rest 30 tickets, 10 per cent or nearly 3 tickets will be sold on 20% increased fare.
Again, out of 27 remaining seats, it will cost 20% higher cost. Similarly, the charges will keep on rising with ever sale of ticket.
Railways is also running three Premium trains on dynamic fare system.
Railways had increased tatkal charges last year in April by ten per cent of the basic fare for reserved second class sitting and 30% of basic fare for all other classes.

Govt planning to sell 5 pc stake in Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilizers next fiscalGovt planning to sell 5 pc stake in  Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilizers next fiscal
PTI | New Delhi | Published:  Oct 02 2014, 18:08  IST
Oct 02 2014, 18:08  IST
 

Fiscal deficit target  challenging  but  achievable : CitigroupBudget estimates
(According to official figures,…)
NEW DELHI: Government's fiscal deficit target of Rs 5.31 lakh crore is 'challenging' but 'achievable' thanks to lower crude oil prices and their impact on the subsidy bill, says a Citigroup report.
Fiscal deficit, the gap between government expenditure and revenue, could be contained at budgeted levels with better manoeuvrability on the expenditure front along with the focus on disinvestment, Citigroup said in a research note.
"While slow growth in tax revenues does make the fiscal deficit target challenging this year, we believe that better manoeuvrability on the expenditure front coupled with the government's focus on disinvestments and non-tax revenues (higher dividend pay-outs) could allow government to contain fiscal deficit at budgeted 4.1 per cent levels," it said.
According to official figures, fiscal deficit touched 74.9 per cent of the Budget Estimates for 2014-15 to cross Rs 3.97 lakh crore at the end of August.
At the end of August in 2013-14 fiscal, the deficit was 74.6 per cent of the Budget Estimates (BE).
"While weak tax revenue growth is a concern, lower crude prices and their impact on the subsidy bill may enable the government meet its budgeted fiscal target of Rs 5.31 lakh crore or 4.1 per cent of GDP," the report said.
The report noted that over the medium term, sustained fiscal reforms with respect to fuel subsidy, GST , expenditure commission review would be key to achieve meaningful fiscal consolidation.
"Fiscal consolidation would not only support sovereign ratings but could also help contain inflationary pressures," the report said.
For entire 2014-15, fiscal deficit for the whole fiscal has been pegged at Rs 5.31 lakh crore or 4.1 per cent of GDP.
The government had put in place a fiscal consolidation roadmap as per which the fiscal deficit has to be brought down to 3 per cent of the GDP by 2016-17.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Swachh Bharat: Babus pledge to clean  and then litterBabus pledge to clean, and then litter
Rajesh Ahuja , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 02, 2014
First Published: 18:40 IST(2/10/2014) | Last Updated: 22:28 IST(2/10/2014)
Comments
Minutes after pledging not to litter at the launch of the Swachh Bharat, or Clean India Mission, at Rajpath, senior bureaucrats left empty water bottles and pamphlets on their seats as soon as the function got over on Thursday.
Scene at Rajpath, where senior bureaucrats were seated, after the launch of Clean India campaign. (Rajesh Ahuja/HT Photo)
Soon after Prime Minister Narendra Modi administered the cleanliness pledge before going on a walk along Delhi’s main boulevard with school children, the top officials left behind enclosures strewn with pamphlets with the Clean India oath clearly written on them. 
Read: Jharkhand will pose biggest challenge for Modi’s Swachh Bharat
“I was dreading it when I saw officials being careless with empty water bottles. There were volunteers moving around with empty cartons to collect the bottles. But it seems that they didn’t even show patience to wait for the volunteers to come,” said a bureaucrat present at the launch function.
Modi spoke for about 25 minutes at the function, asking everyone present to take a pledge of cleanliness with him. Cleaning India is not the responsibility of only safai karamcharis or the government, he said, but of all 125 crore Indians.
“I will neither litter not let others litter. I will initiate the quest for cleanliness with myself, my family, my locality, my village and my work place. I believe that the countries of the world that appear clean are so because their citizens don’t indulge in littering nor do they allow it to happen. With this firm belief, I will propagate the message of Swachh Bharat Mission in villages and towns,” went the pledge he administered to people at the venue.
Read: Govt gears up for Swachh Bharat campaign
Messages of shame accompanied the photos of the littered enclosures that flooded social media in no time.
“Changing mindset is a Himalayan task. It is rightly recognised by the prime minister. Hope this will not repeat,” wrote Shankara on Twitter.
Ramana tweeted: “Not surprised. Sounds like a classroom, where intake is through one ear and exit through the other!”

India pip Pakistan to win hockey gold medal in AsiadIndia pip Pakistan to win hockey gold medal in Asiad
Press Trust of India | Incheon Oct 03, 2014 12:39 AM IST
The Indian men’s hockey team regained the gold medal after a gap of 16 years while the women’s 4x400m relay team also picked up a yellow metal as India added four medals to jump to the ninth position in the overall standings in the 17th Asian Games here on Thursday.
The men’s hockey players hogged the spotlight with a thrilling victory over arch-rivals Pakistan, to also ensure a berth in the 2016 Rio Olympics.
A spirited Indian team prevailed over Pakistan 4-2 in a nerve-wracking shoot-out to end its 16-year gold medal drought. The last time India had won a gold medal in the Asian Games was in Bangkok in 1998.
It turned out to be a humdinger of a contest between the two foes, as both India and Pakistan refused to give an inch to each other in the entire 60 minutes of a keen tussle.
It took a shoot-out to determine the winner as both the teams were locked 1-1 in the regulation time of the summit clash at the Seonhak Hockey Stadium.
Pakistan started brightly and broke the deadlock as early as the third minute of the match through Muhammad Rizwan Sr, before Kothajit Singh equalised for India in the second quarter.
The two teams continued their battle after change of ends but failed to breach the rival citadels in spite of creating numerous scoring chances, forcing the match into the shoot-off.
The women 4x400m relay team, comprising Priyanka Panwar, Tintu Luka, Mandeep Kaur and M R Poovamma, then added to the euphoria by clinching the gold medal with an Asian Games record timing.
Boxers Satish Kumar (91 kg) and Vikas Krishnan (75 kg) contributed to the medal collection as they settled for bronze medals on a relatively good day for the Indians. With the addition of four medals, India, overnight at 11th position, jumped to the ninth spot with a total haul of 54 — 9 gold, 9 silver and 36 bronze. Powerhouse China maintained their supremacy with a tally of 321 medals, followed by South Korea (211) and Japan (184).
India also kept themselves on course for gold medals in men’s and women’s kabaddi after making it to the finals.

Maharashtra assembly polls: Congress drops Vidarbha statehood from manifestoMaharashtra polls: Congress drops Vidarbha statehood from manifesto
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Oct 03, 2014 12:25 AM IST
In a major turnaround, the Congress decided not to press for a separate Vidarbha state by bifurcating Maharashtra. The controversial issue does not find a place in the party manifesto, released on Thursday.
The party, in its manifesto, says it plans to further empower the Vidarbha Statutory Development Board, set up under section 371 (2) of the Constitution, to approve and sanction various development projects in the region.
The Congress, which had severed its ties with the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), did not want to rake up the controversial issue, especially after the Lok Sabha poll debacle. The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-Shiv Sena combine had swept the region, which used to be a Congress stronghold.
The Congress’ move comes after the Shiv Sena went hammer and tongs at the demand for Maharashtra's bifurcation.  The BJP and NCP have announced their support to the statehood demand.  
The manifesto promised to provide free tablets to below poverty line students (who have at least passed ninth standard), free education to girls and women up to graduation in any of the streams. It proposes to launch an insurance scheme for the common man and set up a government medical college in each district.
To win over denotified and nomadic tribes, the Congress proposes to earmark five per cent budgetary provision for their development.
On the contentious issue of toll collection, the Congress said it would close five toll plazas at Mumbai entry points. The management of flyovers and roads in Mumbai will be entrusted to the Mumbai Corporation.
Former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said the Congress-led government has recently closed down over 43 toll plazas in the state.
Also, the party promises to take up cluster development, which has been approved in island city of Mumbai, in Mumbai suburbs and Thane district. Flats of 500 sq ft will be provided under the Dharavi and BDD redevelopment schemes.
Chavan said a permanent fund of Rs 500 crore will be made for the benefit of drought-pone districts. A separate TV channel titled “Krishi Darshan'' will be launched for the benefit of farmers.
The party promised to provide a soft loan of up to Rs 1 lakh to deserving candidates from Muslim community, under the Bharat Ratna Rajiv Gandhi Sadbhavana Yojana with a provision of repayment in easy installments.

$41 billion commitment an encouraging devel...Barack Obama
("Commitment of $41 bn investments…)
NEW DELHI: The commitment by US-India Business Council members to invest over $41 billion in India over three years will help raise the country's manufacturing capabilities, industry body Ficci said today.
"The commitment of nearly $41 billion of investments by US-India Business Council members over the next three years in India is an extremely encouraging development.
"We take this announcement as a harbinger of transformative projects that would be launched by the private sector from both sides and would contribute to realising the grand vision of Prime Minister Modi of propelling India into the higher orbits of manufacturing excellence," said Ficci President Sidharth Birla .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi yesterday wound up his five-day US visit describing it as "very successful and satisfactory" with observers here saying that he had succeeded in establishing a personal rapport with President Barack Obama and largely repairing bilateral ties.
Urging top US corporates to establish and expand their base in India before "it is too late", Modi had told the US-India Business Council (USIBC).
USIBC told him that it had identified upwards of $41 billion slated for investment by its members in India within the next 3 years.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pakistan says Kashmir a legal issue ; demands plebiscitePakistan Foreign Office spokesperson Aslam said India and Pakistan would have to resume talks for the sake of sustainable peace in the region. (Source: Reuters)
Islamabad | Posted: October 2, 2014 8:26 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 8:38 pm
Needling India, Pakistan on Thursday asserted that Kashmir is a “legal issue” and must be resolved through plebiscite as per the aspirations of the Kashmiri people.
At the weekly briefing here, Foreign Office spokesperson Tasnim Aslam also made it clear that Indo-Pak talks were not a substitute to the UN resolutions on Kashmir which envisage plebiscite in the region.
“Kashmir is a legal issue also and its legal position demands that the dispute must be resolved as per the aspirations of Kashmiri people through plebiscite,” she said.
Aslam said that Simla Agreement between the two countries does not make UN resolutions ineffective.
Her remarks come within days of Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif raking up the Kashmir issue at the UN General Assembly where he said the UN had passed resolutions to hold a plebiscite in Jammu and Kashmir more than six decades ago.
“The people of Jammu and Kashmir are still waiting for the fulfillment of that promise,” Sharif said.
India had strongly rejected the “untenable comments” made by Sharif, asserting that the people of the state have peacefully chosen their destiny in accordance with universally accepted democratic principles.
Speaking at UNGA, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had offered to engage in a serious bilateral dialogue “without the shadow of terrorism” while asking Pakistan to create an “appropriate environment” for that.
At Thursday’s briefing, Aslam also claimed that India never responded positively on Pakistan’s proposals to resolve the Siachen issue and for declaring Siachen a Peace Park including demilitarization of the territory.
The Foreign Office spokesperson termed that Indian policy towards resolution of Siachen as “inflexible”.
Former President Pervez Musharraf had claimed that Pakistan and India were close to clinching a deal on Siachen during his tenure.
Aslam said India and Pakistan would have to resume talks for the sake of sustainable peace in the region.
India had called off Foreign Secretary-level talks in August after Pakistan’s High Commissioner in New Delhi Abdul Basit had met Kashmiri separatist leaders ahead of the meeting, ignoring India’s warning that the move could derail the parleys.
Aslam saw nothing wrong in Basit’s meeting with Hurriyat leaders, saying Pakistan regularly consults with them.

Q&A  The ECBs asset-buying planFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

http://usat.ly/1uEbJpbGoPro shares sink as founder sidesteps rule
By: Matt Krantz October 2, 2014 12:02 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Getty
Shares of extreme camera maker GoPro (GPRO) closed down 7% Thursday after the founder found a way to indirectly sell 5.8 million shares — despite saying he would wait six months.
Nicholas Woodman, founder of the maker of portable video cameras, stunned investors saying he and his wife plan to give 5.8 million shares to a charity. What’s bothering investors, though, is that the charity will be free to sell the shares on Oct. 3 — avoiding the lock-up period.
It’s a significant number of shares to hit the market, shares that the market didn’t expect for months. It amounts to 28% of the stock sold in the June 25, 2014 initial public offering and 5% of the share outstanding. The lock-up period wasn’t slated to expire until Dec. 22, 2014.
Shares fell $6.34, or 7%, to $85.46. Shares were sold for $24 a share, meaning they’re still up 256% — making it one of the most successful initial public offerings of the year.
Investors were told in the company’s prospectus that officers and directors would wait at least 180 days before selling shares. Such lock-ups are important to IPO investors because it protects them from a flood of shares.
The company said J.P. Morgan Security agreed to release the lock-up period connected to the transaction. Woodman is giving the shares to create a new charity, the Jill + Nicholas Woodman Foundation.
“We wake up every morning grateful for the opportunities life has given us,” the Woodman’s said in a statement. “We hope to return the favor as best we can.”

http://usat.ly/ZvO1yAFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Paris Motor Show reveals new models
The Hyundai Intrado Concept car is displayed at the Paris Auto Show during a media day in Paris on Oct. 3.
Post to Facebook
Paris Motor Show reveals new models The Hyundai Intrado Concept car is displayed at the Paris Auto Show during a media day in Paris on Oct. 3. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1pimHcL
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Paris Motor Show reveals new models
The Hyundai Intrado Concept car is displayed at the Paris Auto Show during a media day in Paris on Oct. 3. 
Eric Piermont, AFP/Getty Images
French President Francois Hollande listens to Citroen CEO Linda Jackson, left, and PSA Peugeot Citroen CEO Carlos Tavares as he visits a media day at the Paris Auto Show. 
Miguel Medina, AFP/Getty Images
CEO of Renault-Nissan Carlos Ghosn listens as CEO of German automaker Daimler Dieter Zetsche addresses a joint news conference during the media preview at the Paris Auto Show. 
Eric Piermont, AFP/Getty Images
The Bentley MulsanneSpeed is displayed at the Paris Auto Show. 
Eric Piermont, AFP/Getty Images
The PGO Coastline is displayed at the Paris Auto Show. 
Eric Piermont, AFP/Getty Images
French Courb's electric C Zen car is displayed at the show. 
Eric Piermont, AFP/Getty Images
The Land Rover lineup is displayed at one of the entrances the Paris Auto Show. 
Miguel Medina, AFP/Getty Images
A Mercedes AMG GTS is presented during a media day at the Paris Auto Show. 
Joel Saget, AFP/Getty Images
The new Renault Espace is at the show. 
Joel Saget, AFP/Getty Images
The all-new Hyundai Genesis is displayed at the auto show. 
Joel Saget, AFP/Getty Images
The new Dacia Lodgy Stepway car is displayed at the show. 
Joel Saget, AFP/Getty Images
The Mercedes Intelligent Drive system is presented at the Paris Auto Show. 
Joel Saget, AFP/Getty Images
A representative speaks with a customer at the Kia Motors display at the Paris Motor Show on Oct. 2. 
Joel Saget, AFP/Getty Images
Dieter Zetsche, chairman of Daimler AG and head of Mercedes-Benz Cars, introduces the new Mercedes-AMG GT. 
Daniel Karmann, European Pressphoto Agency
The new Renault Concept car Eolab is presented at the show. 
Miguel Medina, AFP/Getty Images
The 208 GTI Peugeot race cars. 
Miguel Medina, AFP/Getty Images
A woman photographs a Mini Superleggera. 
Christophe Ena, AP
The BMW Serie 2 Cabriolet. 
Eric Piermont, AFP/Getty Images

http://usat.ly/1vAc774U.S. stocks buck major losses as Asia, Europe indexes are pounded
Japan's Nikkei 225 index tumbled 2.6%. European markets pushed lower in mid-morning trades.
Post to Facebook
U.S. stocks buck major losses as Asia, Europe indexes are pounded Japan's Nikkei 225 index tumbled 2.6%. European markets pushed lower in mid-morning trades. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vAc774
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
U.S. stocks buck major losses as Asia, Europe indexes are pounded
Adam Shell and Gary Strauss, USA TODAY 4:18 p.m. EDT October 2, 2014
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
57 CONNECT 131 TWEET LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
U.S. stocks reversed steep early intraday losses Thursday following selloffs in Asian and Europe, where continued unrest in Hong Kong, worries over the spreading Ebola virus and renewed fears over slowing global economic growth continue to unravel financial markets.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average, Standard & Poors 500 and NASDAQ erased early losses, squeezing out small gains or narrow losses. The Dow - off 130 points Thursday morning - was up about 50 points later in the day, but slipped 3.66 points to close at 16,801.05. The S&P 500 ended up 0.01% at 1,946.17, narrowly avoiding its first four-day losing streak of the year. NASDAQ stocks rose 8.11 points to 4,430.20.
Investment firm Strategas Research Partners suggested that the "pullback is getting overdone."
"Our best guess is the market is within a few percentage points of putting in some tradeable low,'' says Strategas analyst Chris Verrone.
Earlier, Japan's Nikkei 225 index tumbled 2.6%, France's CAC 40 dropped 2.8%, Britain's FTSE 100 lost 1.7% and Germany's DAX fell 2%.
Hong Kong protests continue amid Beijing 'chaos' warning http://t.co/AvOmuHkTkY
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) October 2, 2014
At all-time highs just two weeks ago, U.S. indexes have been undermined by unexpected concerns, ranging from Ebola and the growing backlash against the Islamic State in the Middle East to lackluster growth in Europe and China. There are also concerns that the long-bull market was ripe for a correction.
"A lot of it is related to global and geopolitical uncertainties, from Russia to the Middle East to Ebola to Hong Kong," says Sung Won Sohn, economics and finance professor at California State University Channel Islands. "All these risks bunched up and hit at the same time."
Wednesday, the Dow plunged 238.19 points (1.4%) to 16,804.71. The S&P 500 dropped 26.13 points (1.3%) to 1946.16 and the Nasdaq composite skidded 71.30 points (1.6%) to 4422.09.The Standard & Poors 500 Index - poised for its first four-day losing streak of  2014 - and other the Dow have fallen below key support levels, while the small-cap Russell 2000  is now off more than 10% from its March all-time high.
"This continues to be a classic market top of importance,'' says Gary Kaltbaum of investment firm Kaltbaum Capital Management. "Tops take time. Tops are a process, not an event. The 2007 top took about 6 months. This one looks to be about the same."
Commodities were also falling again in weakening demand and oversupply. For the first time in 17 months, benchmark West Texas Intermediate crude oil fell below below $90 a barrel in Thursday morning trading, while Brent crude fell to $92.51 a barrel, its lowest levels since June 2012.
Europe's sluggish growth could spell bad news globally, says Todd Schoenberger of J. Streicher Asset Management.
"The spillover impact is real simple -- Europe is China's number one customer, and if one falls the other will, too," he says. "This has a ripple effect on corporate earnings for multinationals, so the fundamental risk is front and center today."
Markets in Hong Kong and China were closed for a public holiday. Pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong are locked in a standoff with the government.
While health experts agree that the U.S. is not at risk for a large Ebola epidemic like that in West Africa, "the Ebola issue is huge," Schoenberger says. "It's top-of-mind for traders and is clearly impacting sentiment."
Sohn argues that the street protests in Hong Kong could become a more significant worry for financial markets if pro-democracy protests spread to mainland China.
"Then it becomes a China problem and not just a Hong Kong problem," says Sohn. "And if it becomes a China problem, then it becomes a U.S. problem and a global problem" because a political crisis could morph into an economic problem for China.
"If China's economy slows down significantly, it becomes a global economic problem," says Sohn. "China is the world's economic locomotive."
China's growth rate has already slowed to 7.4%.
While a cascade of overseas woes weighs on U.S. markets, some believe the pressures on stocks markets are short-term.
"All of the above was enough to start the quarter on a down note, but I still believe the markets are set to grind higher between now and the end of the year," says U.S. Trust market strategist Joseph Quinlan.
Markets in Europe want to see more stimulus efforts than the European Central Bank delivered Thursday. The ECB left interest rates at record-low levels and also announced it would start buying covered bonds and asset-backed securities to help stimulate Eurozone growth.
But the ECB's moves still disappointed investors, because ECB president  Mario Draghi did not take the more aggressive step of laying out a U.S.-style "easy money" program of buying sovereign bonds.
Contributing: AP, Liz Szabo, Kim Hjelmgaard.
401(k) borrowers hurting themselves more than they may realize, losing hundreds a month for retirement http://t.co/1oASFxGOpa
57 CONNECT 131 TWEET LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vAc774
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

http://usat.ly/1uE9P7TFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Rieder: The embattled newspaper business
Wednesday brought the news that The New York Times was shrinking its newsroom staff by 100 positions through buyouts and, if necessary, layoffs. Last week, Freedom Communications shuttered its five-month-old
Post to Facebook
Rieder: The embattled newspaper business Wednesday brought the news that The New York Times was shrinking its newsroom staff by 100 positions through buyouts and, if necessary, layoffs. Last week, Freedom Communications shuttered its five-month-old Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vylBQg
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
5
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Rieder: The embattled newspaper business
Rem Rieder , USA TODAY 4:22 p.m. EDT October 1, 2014
The New York Times building in New York City. The Times announced plans to cut approximately 100 jobs from the newsroom today, with the company announcing it will start with buy-out packages before moving to layoffs.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
103 CONNECT 119 TWEET 26 LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Wednesday brought the news that The New York Times, the nation's pre-eminent news outlet, was shrinking its newsroom staff by 100 positions through buyouts and, if necessary, layoffs.
Last week, Freedom Communications, which had brought excitement to the  struggling newspaper business with its audacious expansion plans, shuttered its five-month-old Los Angeles Register and carried out yet another round of layoffs at its flagship Orange County Register.
On Sept. 3, USA TODAY, the nation's largest-circulation  newspaper, announced it was eliminating 60 to 70 jobs, about half of them in the newsroom.
The drumbeat of bad news, coming in the wake of decisions by major companies — including USA TODAY parent Gannett — to spin off their print operations from their more profitable holdings, can certainly give the impression that the sky over the thoroughly disrupted newspaper industry is falling.
It's not.
New York Times to cut about 100 newsroom jobs
That the newspaper business faces enormous challenges in the digital age is unarguable. That the steady decline in the size of news staffs is both painful for those losing their jobs and costly to communities seeing diminished coverage is obvious.
But it's important to keep in mind that many newspapers remain profitable — the Times said it needed to make the latest cuts to protect that profitability — and the industry, despite its highly publicized woes, remains a $35 billion business. That's not nothing.
As Rick Edmonds, who keeps tabs on media economics for the Poynter Institute, says, "There's a big difference between diminished and dead."
Another top analyst, Ken Doctor of research firm Outsell, says that too often people seem to think the world is made up of two kinds of businesses: those that are thriving and those that are going under. But there is a lot of in-between.
Businesses do reach a peak, as newspapers did in the much-missed days of skyrocketing profits, whopping staffs and generous newsholes, and then they decline. But that doesn't mean that they then immediately go away.
Doctor describes the current state of newspapers as "continuing grimness, but manageable grimness."
But that storyline just isn't "sexy," he says. "The story that is told is that they are going out of business, and people have been telling that story for years."
Rieder: Can papers make it on their own?
Edmonds thinks the "newspapers are dying" meme is fueled by the confluence of two very different outlooks.
On the one hand, there are what he calls the "digital triumphalists" who seize upon any shred of bad news to proclaim "that the old order will collapse in six weeks." On the other are what he calls the "nostalgists," who go into mourning over every lost job. "Each layoff is not an indication that the end is at hand," Edmonds says.
That said, there's no question that the industry faces a daunting challenge as it tries to retool for the digital future. Print advertising continues to fall faster than digital advertising and new revenue streams rise to make up the difference. Until that changes, the outlook will continue to call for smaller newsrooms.
Doctor says according to the "new calculus," things will improve significantly should the combination of digital ads and reader revenue become 50% of the revenue mix.
The New York Times' story on its cutbacks shed some intriguing light on what is happening in its newsroom and in others as well. While the paper has  carried out significant cuts in recent years, its staff grew back to 1,330, approaching its high-water mark. This is due in part to the addition of digital staffers such as Web producers and video journalists. So what is taking place is a reshaping of the newsroom as well.
Similarly, under the ownership of Amazon.com CEO Jeff Bezos, The Washington Post has added scores of journalists to its roster. But these have largely been digital hires rather than additional reporting firepower.
Rieder:  The resurgent 'Washington Post'
Which makes sense. If they are to make it in the long run, newspapers will have to  heighten their digital footprints and find new ways to attract digital audiences (not to mention digital dollars). That's why the Times' announcement Wednesday that it was mothballing NYT Opinion, a new mobile app, wasn't necessarily terrible news. It reflected the Silicon  Valley mantra, "Fail fast, fail often."
If newspapers are going to endure, they'll need a lot of bold experimenting to make it happen.
103 CONNECT 119 TWEET 26 LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vylBQg
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Here are the diseases that kill children around the worldOctober 2, 2014
Child mortality is decreasing, but 6.3 million children under the age of five still died last year.
Of those deaths, 44% came in the womb, or the first 27 days of a baby’s life, according to a study published in The Lancet and conducted by Johns Hopkins.
Share
Tap image to zoom
In children one month to 5 years old, pneumonia and diarrhea were the most common causes of death.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Overall, child mortality has decreased since 2000, when 9.9 million children died. The decrease is largely due to the reducing incidence of pneumonia and diarrhea in southern Asia, and a similar trend in malaria, measles and diarrhea in sub-Saharan Africa. Efforts to reduce some of these causes dovetail into each other—children with HIV are especially susceptible to both pneumonia and diarrheal disease , for example, so a lower rate of HIV helps reduce pneumonia. Clean drinking water and improved hygiene reduce the spread of diarrheal disease.
Still, sub-Saharan Africa accounted for 49.6% of the deaths in 2013, and Southern Asia 32.1%. The five countries that see the most deaths are India, Nigeria, Pakistan, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and China.
Share this:

MCD s cleanliness drive for publicity: Congress11
0
New Delhi: Terming it as a "publicity stunt", the Congress on Thursday lashed out at the BJP-ruled municipal corporation of Delhi over the cleanliness drive launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Criticising the corporation for doing the cleaning for photos, Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee chief spokesperson Mukesh Sharma today said there were several parts in the city where the cleanliness drive had not been launched. "BJP-ruled MCD has not been cleaning the city for several years. Why have they now woken up now? They are doing cleaning for just getting publicity and photos," Sharma said.
"There are so many areas in the national capital where people have to face a problem of dirt everyday. In several parts of west Delhi, this drive was not launched," he said. Sharma also hit out at the corporation for "allowing" hoardings on public property in violation of the law.
The Delhi Congress unit criticised the BJP-ruled municipal corporation for doing the cleaning for photos.
"There are several hoardings placed on electricity poles and other public properties for PM's cleanliness drive... without permission from MCD, which is clear violation of law. But civic bodies are doing nothing in this regard," Sharma added.
3

Canada import bans on Apotex India  IPCACanada import bans on Apotex India, IPCA
Press Trust Of India | Hyderabad Oct 02, 2014 08:38 PM IST
Health Canada has imposed an import ban on the products manufactured by Apotex Pharmachem India Pvt Ltd (APIPL), Apotex Research Pvt Ltd (ARPL) and IPCA Laboratories in India raising concerns over reliability of data on "safety and quality" issues.
According to a statement issued by the Canadian health regulator yesterday, the action applies to finished products from ARPL, as well as active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) and products made with APIs from APIPL and IPCA. "The department has ordered an import ban after it received new information yesterday from the United States Food and Drug Administration (USFDA). This latest information puts into question Health Canada's trust in the reliability of data that all three plants are required by law to provide to demonstrate safety and quality of their products," Canadian Health Minister Rona Ambrose said in a separate statement.
She said however that the ban is a precautionary step and Health Canada has received no evidence that the products pose an immediate risk. Like the FDA, Health Canada does not feel that a recall of any products made at these plants is required at this time. Last Month, Health Canada asked IPCA Laboratories to voluntarily stop shipment of products to Canada based on a review of a recent good manufacturing practices (GMP) inspection report by the FDA.
The US regulator identified 'falsification and manipulation' of data issues at the firm's facility in Madhya Pradesh. The Canadian regulator said IPCA has not disputed the FDA findings with Health Canada even as the FDA has not issued a recall of any of the affected products.
"Till such time this issue is resolved to the satisfaction of the USFDA, no dosage formulations manufactured at this manufacturing unit will be commercialised for the US market," IPCA had earlier said. Health Canada further said it continues to gather information about the situation at these three sites from trusted regulatory partners, including the FDA.
Until Health Canada can be satisfied that the production processes used at these three sites meet internationally recognised GMP, it is taking this additional precautionary step to keep these products off the Canadian market, it said.
The US health regulator had in June issued a warning letter to Canada headquartered Apotex Pharmachem over violations of manufacturing norms at its Bangalore plant.

RBS hires Goldman for Coutts unit saleRBS hires Goldman for Coutts International sale
By Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6ad1eb84-4a50-11e4-b8bc-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

