BJP-RSS combine goes full throttle for local bodies by-pollsThe Hindu Tamil Nadu BJP state president Tamilisai Soundararajan
TOPICS
Tamil Nadu
Sangh Parivar readies itself to take on ruling AIADMK
Faced with an uphill task of taking on the ruling AIADMK in the local bodies by-elections, the Bharatiya Janata Party-Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh combine is going full throttle with its campaign.
The by-polls to the local bodies, including for Mayors of three Corporations, will be held on September 18.
Sources in the BJP said meetings of local workers in the regions going to the polls were being completed. The BJP is planning to hold mega public meetings in “crucial” Corporations and municipalities such as Coimbatore and Ramanathapuram.
“In Coimbatore, we are looking forward to holding a National Democratic Alliance (NDA) rally, inviting leaders of all alliance partners,” a senior leader told The Hindu.
The DMDK, the MDMK and the PMK have pledged their support to the BJP.
The party’s campaign would focus on the alleged irregularities in the local bodies and civic issues.
“For example, we have a continuing campaign in Coimbatore, titled ‘100 wards 100 issues,’ highlighting the civic problems faced by the people,” the leader said.
Significantly, the BJP’s local units are working in coordination with the foot soldiers of the party’s ideological parent — the RSS — in many of these local bodies.
A source said 400-500 RSS ‘sevaks’ were roped in for election work in the Corporations and municipalities going to the polls. These persons will have three to four more persons under them for the campaign.
“The RSS workers are efficient in door-to-door campaigning,” the source said. Teams have also been formed to identify and report cases of money distributions. But leaders currently into the campaign said most of the voters believed that supporting the ruling party in a by-poll would be beneficial. Hence, it was necessary to meet the voters several times to talk them into backing a non-AIADMK candidate.
Also, given that the State BJP is anticipating a visit by national president Amit Shah in September, it wants to put up a strong show in the by-polls.
AIADMK campaign
On the other hand, the AIADMK is streets ahead in poll preparations, with Ministers and senior party functionaries involved in intense campaigning in all the places. Chief Minister Jayalalithaa will undertake a three-day tour of the Tuticorin, Tirunelveli and Coimbatore Corporations, from September 12, to campaign for the AIADMK candidates.

CM or not  Uddhav wants to run govtCM or not, Uddhav Thackeray wants to run state government
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, September 07, 2014
First Published: 22:36 IST(7/9/2014) | Last Updated: 11:33 IST(9/9/2014)
Uddhav Thackeray wants to run the next government in Maharashtra, even if he isn’t chief minister. That is assuming the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance comes to power.
 
A day after the Shiv Sena chief said in Nanded that bagging the chief ministership wasn’t his top priority, his party leaders insisted that the Sena hadn’t given up its claim to the post. They said Uddhav would directly or indirectly control the new government.
 
“Why should the Sena let go of the chief minister's post if we get more seats. And Uddhavji is our choice for chief minister,” said a senior Sena leader, requesting anonymity.
 
Asked on Sunday whether he had decided to give the chief minister’s post to the BJP,  Thackeray said his statement on Saturday was misreported. "Please listen to my statement again so that it is not misreported again. Being chief minister is not my dream or priority. My top agenda is to provide all the facilities that people in this state need."
 
Thackeray’s remarks on Saturday had created a stir among Sena workers and leaders, who have been projecting him as Maharashtra’s next CM.
 
Sena spokesperson and MP Sanjay Raut said Thackeray would lead the government from the front. “Maharashtra’s CM will be from the Shiv Sena,” Raut said.
 
There has been a logjam over seat distribution between the Sena and the BJP. After Thursday’s meeting between Thackeray and the BJP president Amit Shah, there appears to be an understanding that the seats will be shared more or less equally. If so, the party that wins more seats will stake claim to the CM’s post.
 
A Sena MP said the Sena-BJP would first come out with lists of candidates sure to win and then talk about those facing tough fights. “There is no number game for now. We will come out with lists on the basis of ability to win,” the MP told HT.

Shell and Oman SWF back GlasspointSeptember 7, 2014 5:27 pm
Shell looks to solar power to lift oil output
By Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/163ec8ec-36a7-11e4-95d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Boden plans to double US presenceSeptember 7, 2014 6:18 pm
Boden confident of doubling business in the US
By Claer Barrett
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/597d503e-3502-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rupee up 2 paise in early tradeUpdated: September 4, 2014 10:12 IST
Rupee up 2 paise in early trade
PTI
foreign exchange market
The rupee strengthened by two paise to 60.47 against the dollar in early trade on Thursday at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market on sustained foreign funds inflow amid increased selling of the American currency by exporters and banks.
The rupee had closed 19 paise higher at 60.49 against the dollar in Wednesday’s trade on weakening of the US currency amid reports of Russia and Ukraine agreeing to a ceasefire and continuing rise in local equities and sustained foreign funds inflows.
Forex dealers said increased selling of the American currency by exporters and banks supported the rupee but a lower opening of the domestic equity market and dollar’s rise against other currencies overseas restricted the gains.

Three reasons to stay in HK property stocksSep 05, 2014, 04.14 PM IST  | Source: CNBC
Three reasons to stay in HK property stocks
Home prices in the special administrative region`s market are among the world`s most expensive, with prices more than doubling since 2008 as buyers capitalized on low interest rates, and developers have been reaping the benefits.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Three reasons to stay in HK property stocks
Home prices in the special administrative region`s market are among the world`s most expensive, with prices more than doubling since 2008 as buyers capitalized on low interest rates, and developers have been reaping the benefits.
Post your opinion here
 
Hong Kong property stocks have enjoyed a healthy run this year and according to analysts at Citi Research, the sector could benefit from further upside.
Home prices in the special administrative region`s market are among the world`s most expensive, with prices more than doubling since 2008 as buyers capitalized on low interest rates, and developers have been reaping the benefits.
Share prices of the city developers have surged in tandem; the industry`s stocks are up 19 percent year-to-date on average and hovering at 18-month highs.
"We believe the sector is just at the midpoint of its re-rating run," said Ken Yeung and Oscar Choi, real estate analysts at Citi Research in a note published on Thursday, flagging Henderson Land, Sino Land, SHKP and CKH  as their toppicks.
In the note, Yeung and Choi highlighted three main sweet spots set to spur property stocks higher this year.
Firstly, the Hong Kong government`s fast-tracking of pre-sale consents by allowing developers to sell property before it`s completed, should provide developers with a sales boost, they said. Also, the move by the government to accept lower land premiums, especially for larger sites for fewer bidders, is seen as beneficial for developers.
Finally, the Citi Research analysts said another encouraging factor was the reduced likelihood of further policy restrictions.
In recent years, Hong Kong authorities have rolled out a series of curbs to cool frothy housing prices. In 2012, for example, three new property taxes were rolled out in quick succession, including a 15 percent tax on foreign buyers which was meant to deter speculators from mainland China.
But property prices have continued to defy restrictions, hitting another record high in June. That`s prompted speculation that more curbs could be in store, although Citi analysts doubt it will be the case.
"Although home prices have reached record highs, the government will find it difficult to impose more demand-side curbs this time," said the analysts, who argued that end-user demand remained extremely strong.
"Property agencies have told us that 80 percent of the recent transactions were by end-users," the analysts added.
But analysts at research house CLSA have offered an opposite view on the sector, warning investors in a note published this week to take profit on developers.
"There area lot of bad signs. For example, people with the most money are not that interested and the people who are buying lower price properties are moving in, this is usually a red flag," she said.
"This is because the higher end of the market is the smart money - people who have invested multiple times, while at the lower end of the market are much less-experienced home buyers, who are attracted by price cuts. And we all know developers cut prices when the market is weak," she said, noting that this situation last occurred during the global financial crisis.
Denis Ma, head of research at JLL`s Hong Kong office, is also cautious on the sector noting that the sale volumes in recent months have been driven by developer discounts.
"There`s definitely more talk about heightened policy risk coming through as one thing this government doesn`t want to see are rising property prices," he added.
"There is a lot of supply coming on in the second half. So the rally we are seeing at the moment is pent up demand and that`s going to run its course and put a bit more pressure in the second half. We see prices falling between 10-15 percent for the full year of 2014," he added.
Copyright 2011 cnbc.com

U.S. futures edge lower on Fed speculation; Dow Jones down 0.33%Sep 05, 2014, 03.42 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
U.S. futures edge lower on Fed speculation; Dow Jones down 0.33%
U.S. futures edge lower on Fed speculation; Dow Jones down 0.33%
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
U.S. futures edge lower on Fed speculation; Dow Jones down 0.33%
U.S. futures edge lower on Fed speculation; Dow Jones down 0.33%
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - U.S. stock futures pointed to a lower open on Friday, ahead of upcoming U.S. jobs data as growing expectations that the Federal Reserve is growing closer to raising interest rates weighed on U.S. equity markets.
Ahead of the open, the Dow 30 futures pointed to a 0.33% fall, S&P 500 futures signaled a 0.37% decline, while the NASDAQ 100 futures indicated a 0.26% slump.
Investors were looking ahead to the latest U.S. employment report, due later on Friday, for further indications on the strength of the recovery in the labor market, a key factor in deciding the future path of monetary policy.
On Thursday, the ADP nonfarm payrolls report showed that the private sector added less jobs than expected in August.
Another report showed that the number of people who filed for unemployment assistance in the U.S. last week rose more than anticipated last week to 302,000.
Clothing retailers were likely to be in focus, as Gap Inc (NYSE:GPS) plunged 5.56% in late trading after posting sales below analysts' estimates for August.
Michael Kors Holdings Limited (NYSE:KORS) saw shares retreated 3.37% in extended trade after saying it is holding a secondary sale of 11.6 million shares behalf of Sportswear Holdings Ltd., its largest shareholder.
The energy sector was also expected to be active after a U.S. judge said on Thursday that BP (NYSE:BP) had been "grossly negligent" with regards to the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill. Shares in the oil and gas major gained 0.53% pre-market, after diving nearly 6% on Thursday.
Among tech stocks, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) inched up 0.07% in early trade amid reports the iPhone maker plans to add new security features after the accounts of celebrities using its services were hacked and photographs of them were posted on the Internet.
Across the Atlantic, European stock markets were lower. The DJ Euro Stoxx 50 edged down 0.13%, France's CAC 40 slipped 0.15%, Germany's DAX inched 0.02% lower, while Britain's FTSE 100 declined 0.13%.
During the Asian trading session, Hong Kong's Hang Seng slipped 0.23%, while Japan's Nikkei 225 dipped 0.05%.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Japan seeks exemption from MAT for its cos in IndiaNEW DELHI, September 5, 2014
Updated: September 5, 2014 20:05 IST
Japan seeks exemption from MAT for its cos in India
Special Correspondent
economy (general)
Japan has asked India to “at once” exempt Japanese manufacturers operating in India from withholding and Minimum Alternate Tax (MAT).
Minister, Embassy of Japan, Isomata Akio, on Thursday, asked for this country-specific concession. He said he was raising the demand in view of Japan’s commitment to pledging investments worth Rs.2-lakh crore in India over the next five years. He also said that if MAT continued to be slapped on the Indian subsidiaries of Japanese companies it could hinder Japanese investments into India.
For Indian companies, the MAT rate is 19.06 per cent of profits or if education cess and surcharge are applicable then the rate goes up to 20.01 per cent. The rate of MAT for foreign companies is 19.06 per cent and where education cess and surcharge are applicable it is 19.44 per cent.
“Japan investments and technology would flow in to India with uninterrupted pace provided India facilitated Japanese infrastructure companies to develop its currently under-developed infrastructure by demystifying its complicated tax regime, especially for trans-border transactions particularly for Japan in view of its growing bilateral trade and economic relations with India,” Mr. Akio said.
Mr. Akio was delivering the key note address at an international tax conference organised by the PHD Chamber of Commerce and Industry here.
He also demanded that New Delhi “judiciously address” the rising labour cost in India. According to him, labour costs have, in some instances, triggered industrial unrest for Japanese companies in India.
Two-way annual trade between the two countries was $16.31 billion as on March 31, 2014, down from $18.5 billion in the previous year. Japanese exports to India fell 23 per cent in 2013-14.

With Ebola  a little panic is healthySeptember 5, 2014 4:18 pm
In the face of Ebola a little panic is a healthy thing
By Christopher Caldwell
The conditions of managing this crisis are coming to resemble those at Chernobyl
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b709da36-34e6-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CCI pentalty: impact on OEMs may not be significantautomotive equipment
The quantum of penalty imposed on 14 passenger vehicle (PV) firms in the country by Competition Commission of India (CCI) is unlikely to have a significant credit implication on most of the leading OEMs, pointed out a report of rating agency Icra.
Although vehicle OEMs (original equipment manufacturers) are expected to contest the commission’s order, even if OEMs were to make a provision for the proposed penalty, the impact is likely in the range of 3-9 per cent (on FY 2014 EBITDA) and 1.3-2.1 per cent (on FY 2014 net worth) for listed companies such as like Tata Motors, Maruti Suzuki and Mahindra & Mahindra, it added
Also, Tata Motors and M&M are also likely to challenge the methodology for estimating the penalty as sizeable proportion of their turnover comes from businesses other than sale of cars in India. For example, penalty imposed on Tata Motors has been computed on its consolidated turnover, which includes both the commercial vehicle (CV) business as well as Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) business. Likewise, M&M generates almost 37 per cent of its standalone turnover from tractor business, a segment which was not under the purview of CCI’s study.
Terming the recent CCI order on PV firms for indulging in alleged anti-competitive practices “is not an isolated example of regulatory activism”, the report stated that similar intervention by regulatory authorities has been on display even in other automotive markets including the Block Exemption Regulation in Europe, Right to Repair Act in the USA and the more recent anti-trust rulings in China that has forced many foreign car makers in the country to slash both car prices as well as prices of spare parts.
In case the order gets implemented as proposed, it may have some impact on all stakeholders. If OEMs could support availability of spare parts to channels beyond their authorized dealers, it could help them grow their spare parts sales which currently account for 7-8 per cent of their revenues. This could also help arrest proliferation of spurious spare parts in the automotive aftermarket.
On dealer side, post warranty service jobs may get scarcer for dealerships as consumers will have an option to go to other channels for getting their cars serviced at more affordable rates
Independent repair shops may have an easier time capturing dealers' service business as availability of all types of spare parts will improve
For customers, there will be more choices on offer for getting cars serviced at affordable rates.
At the same time, customers will have to exercise caution in approaching independent workshops employing trained mechanics who use bonafide spare parts.

Where new ideas take rootSeptember 5, 2014 12:13 pm
Where new ideas take root
By Gillian Tett
It is intriguing to imagine what would happen if we were to flip our classification systems upside down
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dfb6e4de-33be-11e4-ba62-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jorge Mendes  broker for footballs eliteSeptember 5, 2014 6:06 pm
Jorge Mendes, power broker behind football’s elite
By Simon Kuper and Peter Wise
The agent controls the game’s primary commodity – top talent, say Simon Kuper and Peter Wise
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6eb42db4-3427-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sesa Board nod for raising borrowing cap to Rs 80K crSep 06, 2014, 04.02 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Sesa Board nod for raising borrowing cap to Rs 80K cr
The Board has also approved creation of charge/mortgage over properties of the company for the purpose of the borrowing, Sesa Sterlite said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sesa Board nod for raising borrowing cap to Rs 80K cr
The Board has also approved creation of charge/mortgage over properties of the company for the purpose of the borrowing, Sesa Sterlite said.
Post your opinion here
 
Sesa Sterlite  Friday said its Board has approved an enabling resolution for raising its borrowing limit by over 33 percent to Rs 80,000 crore.
The Board, which met Friday, has also approved a proposal to issue convertible securities of up to Rs 6,000 crore besides giving nod for private placement of non-convertible debentures of up to Rs 4,000 crore, the metal and mining major said in a BSE filing.
"The Board in their meeting held today considered and recommended passing ... enabling resolutions for increase in the borrowing limits of the company from Rs 60,000 crore to Rs 80,000 crore," it said.
The Board has also approved creation of charge/mortgage over properties of the company for the purpose of the borrowing, Sesa Sterlite said.
The enabling resolutions, once approved by shareholders, would remain valid for one year from the date of getting their nod.
The company Board has also approved re-appointment of Dindayal Jalan as Whole-Time Director, designated as Chief Financial Officer, for two years till September 30, 2016.
Sesa Sterlite stock price
On September 10, 2014, Sesa Sterlite closed at Rs 286.25, up Rs 4.55, or 1.62 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 318.40 and the 52-week low was Rs 169.55.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 4.85 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 59.02. The latest book value of the company is Rs 113.60 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.52.
RELATED NEWS

Trai suggests no extra entry fee for full MNP serviceSep 06, 2014, 04.19 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Trai suggests no extra entry fee for full MNP service
Trai suggests no extra entry fee for full Telecom regulator Trai has suggested that full mobile number portability service should attract no additional entry fee and bank guarantee from MNP operators.MNP service
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Trai suggests no extra entry fee for full MNP service
Trai suggests no extra entry fee for full Telecom regulator Trai has suggested that full mobile number portability service should attract no additional entry fee and bank guarantee from MNP operators.MNP service
Post your opinion here
 
Telecom regulator Trai has suggested that full mobile number portability service should attract no additional entry fee and bank guarantee from MNP operators.
The Department of Telecom (DoT) had sought Trai's opinion on issues like additional entry fee, bank guarantees and clarification on number of players to be involved in the rollout full MNP service in the country.
With regards to entry fee, Trai said whatever it had suggested in its earlier recommendations should be taken for record, sources said.
Trai had submitted its recommendations on full mobile number portability on September 25, 2013.
The government in June this year granted in-principle approval to full MNP that allows customers to retain numbers even after switching operator or location.
The Telecom Commission will now consider the recent clarifications from Trai and will take a final decision on the matter.
There are two MNP operators in India: Syniverse and MNP Interconnection Telecom Solutions India, which is a joint venture between US-based Telcordia Technologies and Indian enterprise DTC.
The government is trying to achieve full MNP by March 2015.
At present, subscribers are allowed to change their service providers while retaining same number within a circle only.
RELATED NEWS

Expenditure panel to look to boost capital spending: FinMinSep 06, 2014, 04.22 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Expenditure panel to look to boost capital spending: FinMin
The newly-constituted Expenditure Management Commission (EMC) appointed by the National Democratic Alliance government will look to review major areas of central government spending and suggest ways to improve fiscal discipline and create more space for spending development projects, the Finance Ministry has said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Expenditure panel to look to boost capital spending: FinMin
The newly-constituted Expenditure Management Commission (EMC) appointed by the National Democratic Alliance government will look to review major areas of central government spending and suggest ways to improve fiscal discipline and create more space for spending development projects, the Finance Ministry has said.
Post your opinion here
 
The newly-constituted Expenditure Management Commission (EMC) appointed by the National Democratic Alliance government will look to review major areas of central government spending and suggest ways to improve fiscal discipline and create more space for spending development projects, the Finance Ministry has said.
The announcement of the EMC was made by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley during the July budget.
The EMC whose chairman (currently former RBI governor Bimal Jalan) will enjoy union-minister status, will also have a mandate to review the rules pertaining to the Fiscal Responsibility & Budget Management (FRBM) Act.
Also read: Bimal Jalan to head govt's panel on expenditure management
One the poll promises of the Bhartiya Janata Party, whose NDA coalition swept to power on a historic mandate this May, was to review government spending, which had increasingly tilted towards greater subsidies and more revenue expenditures in the past several years.
The Finance Ministry said it expects the EMC to get full support from state governments.
RELATED NEWS

UTI MF s focussed equity fund mops up more than Rs 770crSep 06, 2014, 04.12 PM IST  | Source: PTI
UTI MF's focussed equity fund mops up more than Rs 770cr
UTI Mutual Fund today said its 'Focussed Equity Fund - Series I' closed with an overwhelming response and garnered more than Rs 770 crore.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
UTI MF's focussed equity fund mops up more than Rs 770cr
UTI Mutual Fund today said its 'Focussed Equity Fund - Series I' closed with an overwhelming response and garnered more than Rs 770 crore.
Post your opinion here
 
UTI Mutual Fund today said its 'Focussed Equity Fund - Series I' closed with an overwhelming response and garnered more than Rs 770 crore.
"UTI's Focussed Equity Fund - Series I (1,100 days) received an overwhelming response from investors during the NFO period of August 13-27. The scheme has attracted more than 67,000 applications and garnered over Rs 770 crore," UTI MF said in a statement today.
UTI MF managing director Leo Puri said, "The excellent mobilisation is a reflection of the continued trust reposed by the investors in UTI's fund management capabilities".
UTI MF's Sales and Marketing President Suraj Kaeley said, "With this fund, we have set a new benchmark in close-ended equity funds. It also signals the revival of the interest of
retail investors in the equity market."
The Focused Equity Fund - Series I is a 1,100-day close-ended equity oriented scheme. The scheme would be invested in a compact portfolio of up to 30 securities.
Q

Indian Mujahideen was planning to hit Delhi in festival season: Ajaz Sheikh to copsPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 7, 2014 10:24 pm
 
Key Indian Mujahideen (IM) operative Ajaz Sheikh, who was arrested by Delhi Police in Saharanpur, Uttar Pradesh, revealed during police interrogation that the terror outfit was planning a strike in the national capital during the upcoming festival season.
According to a senior police official, 27-year-old Sheikh, who was the logistics man and hawala router of the banned terror organisation, had fled to Nepal after the arrest of Yasin Bhatkal last year and had been hiding there since then.
“He was recently asked by his Pakistan-based handlers Riyaz Bhatkal and Mohsin Chowdhary to reach Delhi. He was specifically asked to do break journeys and not directly go to Delhi to avoid being traced. He was instructed to reach the national capital via Lucknow, Moradabad and Saharanpur. He was supposed to get further orders after reaching Delhi,” the official said.
Although Sheikh has claimed that the person(s) he was supposed to meet and activities he was supposed to carry out after reaching Delhi was to be revealed to him only at the last moment, investigators believe that given his role in IM, he was supposed to provide money to some sleeper cell operatives of IM through the hawala route.
That money could have been used to plan a terror strike in the national capital.
Police are now trying to find out who the people are whom Sheikh met while journeying through Lucknow and Moradabad. It is also being investigated where he stayed in these cities and for how long.
“It is also being investigated who his contacts were in Saharanpur and Delhi whom he was supposed to meet,” the official said.
Sheikh has revealed that his main role was to provide funds to IM operatives which he used to get through foreign money transfers using fake identity cards made by him. In the past, he has provided bulk cash to people like Yasin Bhatkal, Tehsin Akhtar, Assadullah Akhtar alias Haddi and Waqas (all arrested).
One of the first tasks entrusted to Sheikh by his Pakistan-based handlers was to assist Yasin Bhatkal in the execution of the German Bakery blasts of February, 2010.
For that strike, Sheikh had arranged for the mobile handset, SIM card, explosives and the rented accommodation near Bharti Vidyapeeth, Pune, used by Yasin Bhatkal to fabricate the improvised explosive devices (IED) and execute the blasts.
“A week before the blast, he got a call from Mohsin Chowdhary who told him that he will get a call on a mobile phone which was with Yasin Bhatkal and asked him to do as told over the phone.
“An hour later, he got a call from a PCO and was asked to come to a hotel where he was given a heavy bag.
“He came back to their base and handed over the phone and the bag to Bhatkal. This bag contained the explosives which were used in the German Bakery blast,” the official said.
Ajaz has also told his interrogators that he had met Tehseen Akhtar alias Monu earlier this year and twice gave him sums of Rs 1 lakh. He also met Waqas twice, first in Mumbai and then in Kolhapur, and also supplied him money.
“He also met Assadullah Akhtar alias Haddi in Pune and gave him Rs 1 lakh. All this money was routed through hawala (channels) and was used for everyday spending, travelling and logistics,” the official said.
Sheikh continued…

No travel across LoC due to flash floodsPrint
Express News Service | Jammu | Posted: September 7, 2014 9:55 pm
There will be no cross LoC travel between India and Pakistan on the Poonch Rawalakote road as a vital bridge enrote at Chakkan Da Bagh was washed away in flash floods.
The bridge, according to sources, was washed away on Friday.
While the custodian LoC Trade on Poonch-Rawalakote road was not available, police confirmed that both cross LoC bus and trade have been suspended from tomorrow.
Significantly, the passenger bus service and trade had been taking place through this cross LoC point during the current week even when state was in the grip of worst flood fury. At present, while passenger bus from both sides ply on the road only on Monday, trade takes place between two sides four daysba week beginning Tuesday.
Meanwhile,  the state government has extended vacations ordering closure of all schools and collages till Thursday.  This has been done as many areas of the state were still inundated under water, sources said, adding the the Jamu Unversity has also suspended its exams scheduled to be held on the campus on Monday.

PM Modi writes to Nawaz Sharif  offers help for flood victimsPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 7, 2014 9:25 pm | Updated: September 7, 2014 9:28 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday wrote to his Pakistan counterpart Nawaz Sharif offering assistance in the efforts to provide relief to the victims of the devastation caused by the record rains, resulting in flooding.
PM Modi, who was on a day-long visit to the flood-affected areas of Jammu and Kashmir on Sunday, said while reviewing the situation in the state that he was told the damage to life and property was equally, if not more, severe in areas across the Line of Control (LoC).
“My heart goes out to the affected people and my deepest sympathies are with them and their families. In this hour of need, I offer any assistance that you may need in the relief efforts that will be undertaken by the Government of Pakistan. Our resources are at your disposal wherever you need them,” said the letter which was delivered by the Indian High Commissioner in Islamabad.
Saying it a was “matter of great distress” Modi noted that the “devastation caused by the record rains and the consequent flooding is unprecedented”, said an MEA spokesperson.
Earlier, PM Modi, who flew to Jammu and Kashmir and reviewed the flood situation, said like in the state, the people in PoK region too were bearing losses due to the floods. This is a humanitarian work and India will never be behind in doing such work, he said.

‘Human traffickers involvement confirmed in Sikh stowaways’Press Trust of India | London | Posted: September 7, 2014 8:49 pm
The involvement of human traffickers in the case involving 35 Afghan Sikh stowaways, found inside an airtight shipping container on a dockyard in British port, has been confirmed with the arrest of a third person, a media report said on Sunday.
Police arrested a third man in connection with the death, a special investigation by the ‘Sunday Telegraph’ has confirmed the hand of human traffickers behind the death of one of the Afghan Sikh men and how 34 others, including women and children ended up close to suffocation in the container.
Meet Singh Kapoor, 40, was one of 35 people from Afghanistan, discovered at Tilbury Docks in Essex on August 16.
A 47-year-old man from Dungannon in Northern Ireland has been arrested at Liverpool Ferry Port and will be transferred into the custody of Essex Police.
Two other men also charged in connection with the death remain in custody to appear at Basildon Crown Court in November, the police said.
A 34-year-old from Rose Park, Limavady, Londonderry and another aged 33, of Elmgrove, Londonderry are both charged with conspiring to facilitate illegal entry into the UK.
Kapoor, in a bid to escape a heavy debt, tried to leave his hometown of Jalalabad in Afghanistan with his wife and two children.
According to the newspaper investigation, Kapoor and his family may have paid as much as 1,200 pounds to human traffickers to smuggle them across the border into Iran, then through Turkey into Bulgaria or northern Greece.
From there the journey, by lorry, would have taken them through Serbia, Hungary, Austria and Germany.
In June, Kapoor rang his uncle in Jalalabad to tell him they had made it as far as Belgium and were trying to secure a passage to the UK.
“Everyone gets the help of human traffickers; no one can get a visa for the UK, so Meet Singh was also using those ways,” his uncle was quoted as saying by the paper.
The final leg of their journey involved them being sealed inside the cargo container with 18 other adults and 13 children aged one to 12 some time before it was loaded on a lorry onto a P&O roll-on, roll-off ferry at Zeebrugge in Belgium.
Dock workers broke into the container after hearing screams and cries from inside. The migrants, including Kapoor’s wife and children, were cared for initially by members of the Sikh community in Essex and are now in the care of the Home Office while their application for asylum status is being considered.
A Home Office spokesperson said: “This tragic incident is a reminder of the devastating human consequences of illegal migration and we will do all we can to help bring those responsible to justice.”

Grand  big picture reforms in India may take some time: Raghuram RajanUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New York: India's new government may take some time to unveil "grand, big picture reforms" as it is currently focusing on implementation of stalled projects worth US dollar 50-70 billion that will pay dividends in the short run by helping on the inflation and income fronts, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has said.
"In India, if you are looking for grand, big picture reforms it may take some time coming but in terms of decentralising, in terms of doing the small stuff which adds up to the big stuff I think that is already happening," Rajan said in a speech on India and the global economy at an event organised in Chicago on Friday by the Chicago Council on Global Affairs.
He said people have been expecting "major changes very quickly" from the new government and harboured the belief that it would be moving fast on a "number of dimensions that the people want them to move on."
Rajan pointed out that the new Modi government has "stuck to the path the old government laid out" to show that there was continuity and this has benefited India in the eyes of the international investors.
Rajan pointed out that the new Modi government has "stuck to the path the old government laid out" to show that there was continuity and this has benefited India in the eyes of the international investors.
"I think the government has essentially focused on implementation because that is really the need of the hour. Lot of projects are being stuck because of environmental permissions, forest clearances," he said.
Rajan said it is important to get the stalled projects "back on the road" because there are USD 50-70 billion stuck in those projects, which once start functioning, would produce output that will help on the inflation and income front.
"Let's get the projects back on track. The government is focused on that, it is not headline news...but it is something that will pay dividends in the short run and I think that is what they are doing," he said adding that when the number of stalled projects start to come down sharply, "you will see something good is happening."
In the longer run, once the economy comes on back on track there are "some major reforms" that probably need to be done. He, however, noted that in the short run, a number of states in India are moving ahead with labour and land acquisition reforms.
"We are still focused on macro stabilisation. Current Account Deficit, fiscal deficit, inflation all those numbers hopefully will be better going forward and if the world started growing faster it will help countries like us tremendously," he said.

Trinamool Congress hits back at Amit Shah  says CBI  used politicallyUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Kolkata: West Bengal's ruling Trinamool Congress on Sunday retaliated against BJP president Amit Shah's call to book Saradha scamsters, and accused the BJP of politically using the CBI which is probing the multi-crore-rupee scam.
Alleging that Mamata Banerjee was afraid to take action as her own 'cronies' were involved in the scam, Shah earlier in the day asserted that all those involved in the scam will be 'netted'.
"Can Didi (Banerjee) stop those who have taken the Saradha money? The answer is no, but we are not afraid of anybody because our workers have not done any scam. So, be it Saradha or any other, we will net whoever is involved," Shah said at a Bharatiya Janata Party rally in the city.
TMC retaliated against Amit Shah's call to book Saradha scamsters, and accused the BJP of politically using the CBI.
Trinamool Secretary General Partha Chatterjee told media persons a few hours after Shah's address: "The BJP president today said Saradha will be its weapon, and our accusations that the CBI is being used politically have now come true.
"Amit Shah's address today vindicated our stand that the CBI was being used by some to derive political benefits," he said.
Probing the multi-crore-rupee scam, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has so far interrogated several people, including a former aide of Trinamool leader and state Transport Minister Madan Mitra.
The agency has again taken into custody suspended Trinamool parliamentarian Kunal Ghosh.
Ghosh who has repeatedly alleged the involvement of the Trinamool top leadership, Saturday dropped a bombshell, saying he should be jointly interrogated with the Chief Minister as well as scam kingpin Sudipta Sen.
Ghosh's claim has come in the wake of allegations that in 2010, the Saradha group was favoured in getting a contract from the IRCTC for providing logistics support to the 'Bharat Tirth' project announced in the 2010-11 railway budget by Mamata Banerjee, who was then the Railways Minister.
Chatterjee also ridiculed Shah, who took a jibe over Banerjee's hunger strike during her anti-acquisition movement against the erstwhile Left Front government in Singur and Nandigram.
"Perhaps the BJP President was not informed about Trinamool's and Mamata Banerjee's struggle. Perhaps it is his ignorance that he is trying to undermine the struggles of thousands of farmers of Singur and Nandigram," Chatterjee said.
Chatterjee also rubbished Shah's claim that only the BJP was capable of giving good governance.
"The bubble of expectation which the BJP had created has now gone burst. In its just 100 days, the party, which came to power riding on its advertising blitz involving crores of rupees, has now has started its backward journey," he said.

Concerned over attack on Sikhs in Pakistan  Amarinder Singh asks Government to take up issueUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Chandigarh: Senior Congress leader Amarinder Singh on Sunday expressed grave concern over increasing attacks on members of the Sikh community living in the restive province of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa in Pakistan.
Singh, Congress's Deputy Leader in Lok Sabha, said urgent measures were needed to restore the confidence of the Sikhs living as a "microscopic minority" there, and appealed to External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj to convey India's concern to the Pakistan government.
In a statement on Sunday, Singh said, "the Sikhs in that province are increasingly feeling unsafe and insecure after repeated attacks that led to deaths, and injuries to many". A 28-year-old Sikh man was shot dead by unknown gunmen in the northwestern Pakistani city of Peshawar on Saturday.
A 28-year-old Sikh man was shot dead by unknown gunmen in the northwestern Pakistani city of Peshawar on Saturday.
Singh said that this was the third attack in one month which has resulted in fear and panic among the Sikh community. He said that two people have died while many others have been injured in these attacks in a span of less than a month. Singh hoped both the federal and provincial governments in Pakistan will ensure the security of the minorities there, particularly the Sikhs who have come under increased attack.
At the same time, he observed, the Indian Government must flag the issue for the attention of authorities there. "This is cause of concern in India as Sikhs were being selectively targeted in the recent attacks taking place at an alarming regularity," he said.

Pakistan condoles loss of lives in J&K; offers help to IndiaPakistan condoles loss of lives in J&K; offers help to India
Sep 07, 2014 at 10:57pm IST
Urgent aid needed. Help Now
Islamabad: Pakistan on Sunday condoled the loss of lives in Jammu and Kashmir and offered help to India in whatever way possible to mitigate the suffering of the people affected by the floods in the state.
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif carried out an aerial survey of the affected areas in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir which is also facing the flood fury.
"The Government and the people of Pakistan express deepest condolences over the loss of precious lives of our Kashmiri brethren on both sides of the Line of Control caused by torrential rains and flash floods," Foreign Office Spokesperson said in a statement.
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif carried out an aerial survey of the affected areas in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir which is also facing the flood fury.
It said Prime Minister Sharif visited the flood affected areas on Pakistani side of LoC and is monitoring relief and rescue operations.
Pakistan is ready to help India in "whatever way possible to mitigate the suffering of the people affected by the floods," the statement added.
The flood fury unleashed more death and destruction in Jammu and Kashmir, claiming the lives of nearly 116 people and leaving many marooned.

J&K floods: Rescue operations in full swing as situation worsens  half of Srinagar under waterUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Srinagar: The situation in flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir worsened on Sunday as the death toll rose to 116 and lakhs still stranded. Water levels have receded in the Tawi river in Jammu in the morning, but breaches in the Jhelum have worsened the situation in Srinagar as more than half the city including the civil secretariat and the historic Lal Chowk are under water.
Around 300 patients have been stranded at the GB Pant hospital.
Rescue operations were in full swing with the triumvirate of Indian Air Force, Army and police emerging to be the real saviours. The police and Army together have saved more than 15,000 people while the IAF is evacuating people from other inaccessible areas.
In Jammu and Kashmir, police saved nearly 5,000 people while the National Disaster Response Force and IAF teams are reaching out to interior regions where road links have been cut off.
A total of twelve AN-32, four IL-76, five C-130J and two C-17 transport aircraft of the IAF have been pressed into operation to ferry men and relief material. As the number of shelter-less people is rising, Army is also providing tented accommodation to hundreds of people.
The forces still have a daunting task ahead of them. Nearly 25,000 villages are partially under water while more than 450 villages have been totally submerged. The IAF teams are hoping that skies will clear so that they can fly sorties while the ground troops make a push for- rescue, relief and rehabilitation.
OP Singh, Director General of NDRF, said "3,931 people have been saved 3931 people. 13 dead bodies have been recovered."
Ministry of Home Affairs have sent extra boats to speed up rescue work. The ministry tweeted, "The number of extra boats reaching the flood affected areas has been increased to 150. These boats will be immediately pressed into service."
A team of officials headed by Joint Secretary (Disaster Management) of the Home Ministry has been instructed to monitor from Srinagar rescue and relief operations in the state.
Meanwhile, Prime Minister Narendra Modi who was in the state to review relief operations has called it a national disaster and has promised all help to the flood affected areas in Kashmir and Pakistan-Occupied Kashmir as well. He has also announced a special assistance of Rs 1,000 crore to the flood-affected state.
He said, "I assure Jammu and Kashmir people that whole country is with them. This is a national level disaster ."
He had on Thursday announced Rs 2 lakh as ex-gratia relief for the kin of the deceased and Rs 50,000 for the seriously injured in the state.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh, who visited the state on Saturday, appealed to all social organisations and NGOs to mobilise their resources to flood affected areas of Jammu and Kashmir.
Helpline numbers:
NDRF Control Room at Delhi: 011-26107953 and Mobile 09711077372
Flood Control Room No.
New Delhi J&K House (011)-24611210, 24611108
Srinagar: 0194-2452138
Jammu: 0191-2560401
The number of extra boats reaching the flood affected areas has been increased to 150. These boats will be immediately pressed into service.
— HMO India (@HMOIndia) September 7, 2014
MHA Control Room Numbers for help and assistance in J&K 011- 23093054, 23092763, 23092923, 23092885, 23093566, 23093563
— HMO India (@HMOIndia) September 7, 2014
#Alert Flood Control Room No.- New Delhi J&K House (011)-24611210 and 24611108 Srinagar-0194-2452138 and Jammu-0191-2560401

Street kids want to meet Narendra Modi  Badhte Kadam organisation helpsUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Children living in the streets of the national capital on Sunday sought an appointment with Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
"Members of Badhte Kadam on Sunday wrote a letter to our respected Prime Minister Narendra Modi, seeking time from him so that they can also share their side of the story," said a statement.
Badhte Kadam is a non-governmental organisation.
Children living in the streets of the national capital on Sunday sought an appointment with Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
"Through this letter, the street and working children seek Prime Minister (Narendra) Modi's time so that he meets us and talks to us about our issues," said Badhte Kadam President Chandni.
"We want our Prime Minister's attention to the fact that there are still many children in our country who do not have access to education," she added.

Vamsadhara in spate  87 villages submergedUpdated: September 8, 2014 09:14 IST
Vamsadhara in spate, 87 villages submerged
Andhra Pradesh Bureau
The Hindu A farmer standing on his inundated field showing damaged crop at Srimukhalingam of Narasannapeta mandal in Srikakulam district on Sunday. Photo: Basheer
TOPICS
environmental issues
Crops in hundreds of acres were inundated in Polaki, Narasannapeta and Jalumuru mandals.
Several tracts and Standing crops in vast areas in North Coastal Andhra lay under flood water as rains continued to batter for the second day on Sunday. Heavy inflows from the catchment areas left a few rivers in spate, especially Vamsadhara River in Srikakulam district.
An elderly person is reportedly washed away in floods, besides 30 buffaloes that perished in the surge of water near Hiramandalam. Having received heavy inflows from its catchment areas in Odisha, the river swelled up and wreaked havoc in more than 87 villages in Hiramandalam, Patapatnam, Narasannapeta and other areas.
Normal life was thrown out of gear and in the wake of flood situation, many people have been shifted to safe places.
Crops in hundreds of acres were inundated in Polaki, Narasannapeta and Jalumuru mandals. Road network was disrupted due to flood waters in LN Peta and Amadalavalsa. The stretch between Palakonda and Parvatipuram was badly hit.
As many as 96,268 cusecs of water was released from Gotta Barrage on the Vamsadhara River and 30,963 cusecs of water from Totapalli reservoir on the Nagavali River. Srikakulam district Collector Gaurav Uppal reviewed the situation.
Flood alert issued
Meanwhile, the East Godavari district administration was put on alert following the increase in water levels in Godavari River at Bhadrachalam. District Collector Neetu Prasad said that first flood warning had already been issued in Bhadrachalam due to a steady rise in the water level.
Authorities expect the water levels could increase further in Godavari River at Rajahmundy by Sunday night. The Collector also instructed them to initiate steps for evacuating residents from the low-lying areas and provide relief and rehabilitation.

Family and Friends Pay Last Respects to Joan RiversSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
RADAR: Tornadoes Possible as Storms Target Midwest
EXPLORE.org: Bird Cams - Osprey
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Photos: Africas multi-billion dollar haircare industryphotos: africas multi-billion dollar haircare industry
Deliberate I just made a mistake  says RosbergDeliberate I just made a mistake  says Rosberg
Coal outlook improvingCoal outlook improving
Phablet Market  Web Application Firewall Industry Global Forecasts to 2018Phablet Market  Web Application Firewall Industry Global Forecasts to 2018
Street kids want to meet ModiStreet kids want to meet Modi
New highway panel to meet this week for tweaks to model concession agreementApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Fewer women directors at SMEsAugust 25, 2014 12:05 am
Smaller businesses less likely to appoint women as directors
By Harriet Agnew
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1e1941fa-2b8a-11e4-b052-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Renewed shelling challenges Ukraine truceLast updated: September 7, 2014 7:47 pm
Renewed shelling challenges Ukraine ceasefire
By Geoff Dyer in Washington and Roman Olearchyk in Kiev
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c13a5d44-366e-11e4-85be-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

No room for complacencyUpdated: September 6, 2014 01:55 IST
No room for complacency
terrorism (crime)
Al-Qaeda’s declaration that it has set up a “branch” in the Indian subcontinent called Qaedat al-Jihad poses serious questions for India and the new government. For al-Qaeda to establish an operational base in India , which has the third largest Muslim population in the world, would be to pull off something of a coup. Its failure all these years to establish a presence in this country has been attributed to India’s democracy, its secular foundations and pluralistic traditions. The government says the video recording through which al-Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri made the announcement — the group’s most direct call ever for jihad in India — is genuine. Even so, the message sounds like a recruitment pitch by a group that has no following on the ground and is taking a shot in the dark. Coming soon after the pull that the Islamic State seems to have exerted on a few Indian youth through a campaign on the social media, al-Qaeda apparently believes there is a market for jihad in India that is waiting to be exploited. The video also supports the theory of rivalry between the two groups — though the IS was born from al-Qaeda, the older organisation has denounced its offshoot and cut off all links with it. Whatever the reason for the announcement, there is certainly no room for complacency on the part of the Indian security establishment. After the 2008 terrorist attacks in Mumbai, India has struggled, largely unsuccessfully, to set up a streamlined intelligence gathering system that can also read and effectively respond to inputs from the ground. Indeed, from the ease with which the IS has been able to lure some youngsters from India, it is clear that the internal security apparatus is far from reaching that goal.
There would be no bigger mistake, though, than to treat this purely as a security issue . The portents from the video must not be allowed to become a justification for a heavy-handed response that would end up treating members of an entire community as suspects. As recent episodes have shown, there is a worrying tendency among police forces across India to respond to terror threats or attacks by detaining young Muslim men, sometimes on the flimsiest of grounds. There is also a pattern of acting on complaints against social media content in a manner that threatens individual liberties. If al-Qaeda is on a fishing expedition in India, it is because it believes there are disgruntled sections in the Muslim community with which it can build up its base. The Modi government’s and the BJP’s best response to the threat by al-Qaeda would be to address the causes for such disenchantment. Reining in communally polarising political rhetoric of the kind that is roiling U.P. now, would be a welcome first step.

Amazon.com s retail practices in India come under scrutinyComments
Regulators in India are investigating whether Amazon.com Inc may have circumvented restrictions placed on foreign investors by selling directly to domestic consumers, says The Wall Street Journal report, citing unidentified sources.
The finance ministry's enforcement directorate is looking into whether Amazon.com's local subsidiary may have sold directly to customers, but made it look as if the sales were made by other companies, the Journal report said, quoting two people familiar with the matter.
India does not allow foreign firms to own majority stakes in retail companies that sell more than one brand. Amazon.com is allowed to operate there because it acts as a marketplace rather than a retailer, according to the Journal.
Amazon was not immediately available for comment.
The Seattle-based e-commerce company makes its money in India by charging third-party suppliers to use its website to sell some 17 million different products, from books to electronics. Asia's second-largest country is seen as strategically important to Amazon as it tries to ramp up growth and profits.
Amazon.com has said it plans to invest $2 billion more in India, where it has slashed prices, ramped up marketing and accelerated warehouse construction to try and take on local competitors.
Indian investigators are also examining whether Amazon exerts control over the prices of products sold on its website, one of the Journal story's sources said.
"An ideal marketplace should not have any interference from the platform operator," the newspaper cited the person as saying.
Amazon.com shares dipped into negative territory in afternoon trading, down 65 cents at $345.30.

Alibaba seeks to raise more than $21 billion in record US tech IPOComments
Alibaba Group Holding Ltd seeks to raise more than $21 billion in an IPO that will value the Chinese e-commerce giant at up to $163 billion and rank as the largest-ever technology debut in the United States.
Alibaba expects to price its initial public offering between $60 and $66 per American Depository Share, valuing the company at about $162.69 billion at the top end of the range and raising a maximum of $21.1 billion.
The company founded by former English school teacher Jack Ma will decide on its final price after a globe-spanning roadshow that will kick off in New York on Monday, and is expected to stop in cities from Hong Kong to San Francisco.
If all goes well, Alibaba may ring the opening bell on the New York Stock Exchange in as little as two weeks.
Industry analysts had expected Alibaba to try for a valuation in excess of $200 billion, ranking the Chinese company among the 20 largest publicly traded companies in the United States.
It may eventually price above the initial range, should it deem investor demand sufficient.
Many investors are eager to buy a piece of a Chinese company that handles more e-commerce than Amazon.com Inc and eBay combined.
"This number may seem enormous, but when you look at the value compared with the company's fundamentals, it's not as rich as we might expect," said Brian Hamilton, chairman of private company analysis firm Sageworks.
Caution now
But some investors remain cautious about the potential conflicts of interest between Ma's role as a steward of the company, and his investment interests elsewhere.
The company has also attracted its share of controversy in the past, as when it hived off lucrative payments unit Alipay, triggering objections from major shareholders Yahoo and Softbank.
The company said in its latest prospectus that it has racked up almost $16 million in IPO-related legal fees, unusually high for an IPO and an indication of the effort that Alibaba and its advisers have undertaken to prepare a complicated prospectus.
"When an Internet company of our scale that originated from China enters the global scene, you should expect that it will encounter skepticism from different directions due to differences in cultural perspectives, values and even geopolitical positioning,"
Ma said in a letter to investors reminiscent of the "founder's letters" that accompanied the debuts of Facebook and Google.
"While it may be difficult for a public Alibaba to side-step controversy, we hope that controversies generate constructive debate and add fresh perspectives to the dialogue on globalisation."
Some investors say the company's fundamentals outweigh the risk of investing in a company with an unfamiliar governance structure. Alibaba accounts for about 80% of all online retail sales in China, where rising internet usage and an expanding middle-class helped the company generate gross merchandise volume of $296 billion in the 12 months ended June 30.
The Chinese e-commerce giant's revenue accelerated in the April-to-June quarter on strong gains in its mobile business, providing investors with what may be the final glimpse of the company's financials before its expected landmark market debut.
Revenue in the June quarter increased 46% year-on-year to $2.54 billion, a faster pace than the 38.7% growth in the previous quarter.
Alibaba is selling 123.1 million of the 320.1 million ADSs slated for the IPO.
Shareholders including Yahoo, Ma and executive vice chairman Joe Tsai are offering the remainder.
CitiGroup has been appointed to the depositary receipt role for Alibaba, which means it will hold the underlying shares and issue ADRs to shareholders, according to a source familiar with the matter.
In other key banking roles, Morgan Stanley MS.N and Credit Suisse CS.N will manage the so-called "lockup" agreement that dictates when pre-IPO shareholders will be able to sell once the stock starts trading, a person familiar with the matter told Reuters.
Goldman Sachs will act as the "stabilisation agent," overseeing the stock's early trading.
Credit Suisse will also oversee the "friends and family program," formally known as a directed share program, the person familiar with the matter said.
"Listen, it's a very successful company. The market needs a company like this," said Akram Yosri at 3i Capital Group.
"As an institutional, I would have liked to see around $135 billion. It's up to the syndicate now, I hope they exercise prudence."

Sensex touches new highs on back of further reformsSensex touches new highs on back of further reforms
IANS  Mumbai, September 06, 2014
First Published: 12:44 IST(6/9/2014) | Last Updated: 12:49 IST(6/9/2014)
Comments
Healthy buying by foreign investors, coupled with an overall expectation of further reforms propelled the Indian equities market to record highs in the week ended September 5.
"The long-term growth story of India is intact. Reforms are taking place which is arousing investor confidence, now the execution of those reforms need to be seen. There is a wide expectation of further reforms and the medium to long term story is positive," Devendra Nevgi, chief executive of research firm Zyfin Advisors, told IANS.
"In the short-term there might be some volatility due to profit booking. Geo-political factors and inflation might also pose a risk. However, favourable crude oil prices and the European Central Bank's decision to cut rates has helped channelise further funds into India," he added.
The benchmark Sensex gained 1.45% in the week ended September 5 from its previous weekly close on August 28. The index closed at 27,026.70 points, while it ended trade at 26,638.11 points on August 28.
The market made gains or remained flat during the past ten trading sessions. It only made losses on September 4 and September 5.
The markets breached new psychological levels of 27,000-points in the Sensex and 8,000-points in Nifty during the week under review. The Sensex gained in five out of nine consecutive sessions.
On Sep 1, the 50-scrip Nifty of the National Stock Exchange (NSE) crossed the 8,000-mark for the first time and hit a record high of 8,035 points.
"Nifty movement next week will be stable, till the IIP (Index of Industrial Product) numbers come in by Sep 12. If the IIP numbers are as positive as the GDP numbers than it might zoom to 8,800 mark or if the markets are disappointed then it may come down to the 7,900 point where it will find support," Kishor P Ostwal, chairman and managing director, CNI Research, told IANS.
On September 2, the 30-scrip Sensitive Index (Sensex) of the S&P Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE)breached the 27,000-mark for the first time.
The FIIs had remained net buyers Friday. They bought shares worth $286.54 million, or Rs. 1,732.29 crore, according to data with the National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL).
Week-wise, on Friday, the benchmark index of Indian equities markets closed trade at 27,026.70 points, down 59.23 points or 0.22% from the previous day's close at 27,085.93 points.
On Thursday, the Sensex closed trade in the red as metal and capital goods stocks dipped. It closed the day's trade at 27,085.93 points, down 54.01 points or 0.20% from the previous day's close at 27,139.94 points.
On Wednesday, the index touched a new high of 27,225.85 points before closing trade at 27,139.94 points.
On Tuesday the markets breached the 27,000-mark for the first time to hit a record high of 27,082.85 points - surpassing its previous peak of 26,900.30 points scaled September 1.
The 30-scrip Sensitive Index (Sensex) of the S&P Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), which opened at 26,888.21 points, closed trade at 27,019.39 points.
On Monday, a benchmark index of Indian equities markets hit a record high of 26,900.30 points before closing the day's trade at 26,867.55 points, up 229.44 points or 0.86% from the previous day's close at 26,638.11 points.
The wider 50-scrip Nifty of the National Stock Exchange (NSE) crossed the 8,000-mark for the first time and hit a record high of 8,035 before closing at 8,027.70 points -- 73.35 points or 0.92% up from its previous close.
The major Sensex gainers on Friday were: Bajaj Auto, up 1.46% at Rs. 2,335.20; Larsen and Toubro (L&T), up 1.27% at Rs. 1,609.25; ONGC, up 1.12% at Rs. 442.50; State Bank of India (SBI), up 1.10% at Rs. 2,515.40; and Cipla, up 1.00% at Rs. 557.30.
The losers were: Hero MotoCorp, down 2.16% at Rs. 2,764.95; HDFC, down 2.10% at Rs. 1,057.50; Coal India, down 1.80% at Rs. 371.25; BHEL, down 1.50% at Rs. 223.60; and ICICI Bank, down 1.46% at Rs. 1,548.35.

Rogue trader or anti-heroComments
A "rogue trader" who worked for Société Générale and shocked the world with the biggest trading fraud in history, is set to walk free on Monday – but with an electronic tag on his ankle.
Jerome Kerviel may well be retaining a halo: he enjoys widespread sympathy as a poor boy who was scapegoated by an exploitative banking system.
Société Générale said he was not "one of our stars" but Bank of France Governor Christian Noyer called him a "computer genius".
Kerviel even met the Pope, giving a boost to his image of a common man fighting against greed. He served just 100-odd days in jail for gambling a whopping 50 billion euros and driving the bank into a "mini crash" with losses of 4.9 billion euros.
Kerviel was asked by courts to return this sum to the bank but the fine was later rolled back. The ex-trader turned the table on his bosses by declaring that they were aware of his actions and happy upto the time he made profits.
He claimed he was unfairly dismissed from his job and asked for 4.9 billion euros in damages, the amount the bank said it had lost because of Kerviel's actions.
At the time of his re-arrest, earlier this year in May, Kerviel was returning to France after a two-month long walking trip in Italy, to protest the "tyranny" of banks.
“I am an ordinary person. I’m not crazy,” Kerviel had said during the investigation. “I didn’t earn millions and I didn’t drive a Porsche.”
The former trader has won the support of several public figures including French politicians from both the left and right.
His anti-hero story has inspired a graphic novel and a soon to be released film.
Kerviel has already been hired by a computer security consulting firm and is set to lead a "completely normal life" upon his release, said his lawyer.

Gold slides further on selling amid lacklustre demandGold slides further on selling amid lacklustre demand
PTI  Mumbai, September 06, 2014
First Published: 16:48 IST(6/9/2014) | Last Updated: 16:51 IST(6/9/2014)
Gold prices weakened further at the domestic bullion market on Saturday as selling remained unabated for the seventh-straight session due to consistent profit-taking by investors as well as sluggish demand at the existing levels.
Silver, on the other hand, gained marginally owing to stray industrial buying support.
Standard gold (99.5 purity) moved down by Rs. 30 to settle at Rs. 27,300 per 10 grams from Friday's level of Rs. 27,330.
Pure gold (99.9 purity) also eased by Rs. 35 to finish at Rs. 27,445 per 10 grams as against Rs. 27,480. Silver (.999 fineness), however, added Rs. 40 to conclude at Rs. 42,365 per kilo compared to overnight closing level of Rs. 42,325.
Globally, the shiny-metal rebounded a tad after plunging to three-months low on short-covering after a weaker-than- expected US jobs data eased near term rate hike concerns.
Gold for December delivery finished higher USD 1,267.30 an ounce on the Comex division of the NYMEX late on Friday.
Silver for December contract closed up at USD 19.16 an ounce.

Floods unleash more misery in Jammu and Kashmir  PM Narendra Modi announces Rs 1000 cr aidApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

BRICS bank not aimed at challenging IMF  World Bank: RBI Governor Raghuram RajanApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Govt  RBI to devise monetary framework for central bank: RajanComments
The Narendra Modi-led government will get on to big-ticket economic reforms only after it has taken care of stalled projects worth $50-70 billion, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Raghuram Rajan has said.
“In India, if you are looking for grand, big-picture reforms it may take some time coming,” Rajan said at an event organised in Chicago over the weekend.
The government was focussed, he added, on implementing the stalled projects — “in terms of doing the small stuff, which adds up to the big stuff I think that is already happening”.
There was widespread expectation, specially in the West, that Prime Minister Narendra Modi would launch those reforms as a matter of priority, perhaps in its first budget.
But that didn’t happen.
“In July the interim budget mostly underwhelmed,” noted The Economist. “It (the Modi government) failed to offer big reforms — such as a national push to ease labour laws or a decisive measure helping investors buy land — that would have suggested that India is ready for the boom in manufacturing that Mr Modi says must come.”
But experts considered close to the Modi government have been cautioning western nations about exaggerated expectations on reforms. During a visit to DC, Bibek Debroy went so far as to say that it was way down the list of Modi’s priorities.
Rajan maintained that pitch in his Chicago speech. “I think the government has essentially focussed on implementation because that is really the need of the hour.”
“Lot of projects are being stuck because of environmental permissions, forest clearances,” he added.
On other issues, the governor said he hoped to negotiate with the government a framework for the RBI on monetary policy, which is currently not covered by the bank’s enabling legislation. “This year the government and the RBI will negotiate together to formulate a monetary framework for the RBI.”
And about the recently announced BRICS bank, Rajan said its goal was not to challenge existing multilateral financial institutions such as the IMF and the World Bank. “One of the biggest lacunae in emerging markets is patient, risk-bearing money, so if we can have a bank, which is willing to take junior stakes or equity stake.”

Executives  conduct: Bharti Airtel Ltd to pay 5 lakhComments
Irked by the "mischief conduct" of its executives towards customers, a consumer forum in Delhi has asked Bharti Airtel Limited to pay Rs. 5 lakh, saying it was a fit case for "punitive damages" to teach the company a "lesson".
The New Delhi Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum, presided over by CK Chaturvedi, asked the company to pay Rs. 2 lakh to complainant Jasmeet Singh Puri, the CEO of a private firm, who had alleged that executives of the firm had harassed him by repeatedly asking him to pay the bills he had already paid.
"After considering the material...particularly the act of discontinuing services despite payments and raising bills again shows a lack of coordination between different department of OP1 (company) whereby complainant is made to suffer; all due to internal mismanagement as well as lackadaisical attitude of OP1 executives towards the very people who provides a market for their services," the forum said.
"We hold that it is a fit case for punitive damages to teach OP1 a lesson, so that its executives are disciplined and deterred from such behaviour to innocent consumers," it said in a judgement passed on September 4.
The forum, also comprising its member SR Chaudhary and Ritu Garodia, observed that the executives had replied to Puri's e-mails in an insincere manner with no efforts to reconcile the issues raised by him.
 "... which clearly proves that mischief conduct of OP1's representatives, which appears to be deliberate and mala fide, with a purpose and design to harass the responsible professional, to heap insults, humiliation, mental agony by crass and bizarre attitude of OP1," the forum said.
 It directed the company to pay the remaining Rs. 3 lakh to the State Consumer Welfare Fund.
Puri had approached the forum alleging that he had given a cheque of Rs. 4,995 to the company on March 4 last year for installation of landline phone and modem for Internet service.
He said after installation was done, he and his family started receiving calls from company's executives that the cheque was dishonoured due to insufficient funds but when he checked it from his bank, he found that amount was credited on March 9, 2013.
Puri told the bench that he informed the executives about it but they kept on calling him and demanding the amount. During the adjudication of plea, the company had offered to pay Rs. 5,000 as compensation to Puri.
The bench, in its order, noted that it was not a routine case of issuing redemption for dues to a firm, but a motivated misconduct to time out consumer by irresponsible executives of the company.
"This reveals a lack of sensitivity in Opposite Party 1's (company) executives to plight of their customers as well as no supervision in a big company like OP1 for quick redressal of consumer's grievances," it said.
It also noted that the bank had supported Puri's case by stating that his cheque was credited in company's account.

Floods unleash more misery in J-K  PM offers Rs. 1 000 cr reliefFloods and landslides triggered by a week of heavy rain continued to batter Jammu and Kashmir Sunday. Death toll climbed to 150 as homes, hospitals and a military base were inundated in the capital Srinagar overnight.
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who flew over the flooded areas, announced a grant of Rs. 1,000 crore and said the crisis was “a national level disaster”. “I want to tell people of the region that we will do everything possible to get them out of this disaster,” he said.
 
The state’s worst flooding in 60 years has submerged villages, ruined crops, snapped communication links and left thousands homeless.
 
Armed forces stepped up rescue Sunday. The air force pressed more planes and choppers into service. So far, 12,500 people have been taken to safety by the army.
  
Play Pause
A soldier carries a toddler as evacuated families alight from an Indian Air Force Mi-17 helicopter flying a rescue sortie in the Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir. (AFP Photo)
Tourists who were rescued by the army from the flooded areas wait to be transported to Jammu at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Men remove debris of their house that was damaged in floods on the banks of the Tawi River in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A villager salvages belongings in his flood-devastated home in Poonch, some 240 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
A lady along with her child salvages usable items from her destroyed house after flash floods hit Majheen village about 20 km from Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Laborers carry relief material for flood-affected victims in Poonch, around 276 kilometers (166 miles) from Jammu. (AP Photo)
Indian army soldiers load onto a helicopter relief material for flood victims at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
An aerial view of a flood affected Pargwal village along River Chenab, in Jammu.(Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
Helicopters carrying out rescue, relief & evacuation of people marooned during the flood fury in Jammu and Kashmir. (Photo by IAF)
Indian villagers look on at a missing section of a bridge across the overflowing Tawi river that was swept away as flooding continues in the Mandal area of Jammu. (AFP ...
People look at a bridge across the Tawi River that was damaged in the floods at Mandal village on the outskirts of Jammu.(AP Photo)
Indian residents look on towards threatened houses as waters from the overflowing Tawi river rage past in Jammu. (AFP Photo)
Trucks stands stranded due to heavy rain fall in Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Onlookers stand on the debris of a house that was damaged by floodwaters on the banks of the river Tawi after heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Indian villagers look across the Chenab river at a half-submerged temple and homes at Akhnoor, some 30 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
People ride their vehicles in a bridge across a river flooded following monsoon rains in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A view of residential areas adjoining Tawi river during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
An army jawan alerts people over rising water level as heavy rains continue to lash Jammu on Friday. (PTI Photo)
A man holding umbrella looks on as Tawi river rages dangerously during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
Water from the overflowing river Tawi floods a temple of Lord Ganesh, the deity of prosperity, during heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)

Shah attacks Mamata  says reverse countdown has started for her govtShah slams Mamata in WB; rakes up Saradha scam
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Kolkata, September 07, 2014
First Published: 19:32 IST(7/9/2014) | Last Updated: 00:26 IST(8/9/2014)
Comments
BJP president Amit Shah slammed the Mamata Banerjee-led government on Sunday, targeting the chief minister on the Saradha scam and infiltration issues.
Shah called upon the people to vote for BJP in the upcoming bypolls and the crucial assembly polls in 2016 to be a part of national development by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Shah added that reverse countdown had started for Trinamool Congress.
“Didi is only interested in politics. During TMC rule, infiltration has risen five-folds. I call upon all to start from assembly by polls, then Kolkata Corporation poll and ultimately 2016 Assembly polls,” he said.
He quipped that in Nandigram and Singur, where 200 farmers were about to lose their land, Banerjee sat on a hunger strike.
“Seventeen lakh people of Bengal have lost their deposits in Saradha scam. Why is she not protesting or sitting for a hunger strike? This is because her men, associates and followers are involved in it,” he said.
Shah urged the Bengal CM to put a stop to infiltration, rising crime graph and reign in her cronies.
“If not, allow us. Our governments in Gujarat and Rajasthan have shown what development is,” he said.
“You have seen CPI(M), you have seen TMC and Congress. Now vote for us and give us a chance to make you a part of nationwide development initiated by Narendra Modi,” Shah said.
The BJP chief said that the party was not afraid of anyone involved in Saradha scam.
“We will do the work of arresting anyone involved in scams.”
 
Earlier, Shah was present in the last day of a two-day meeting of the party state committee in Kolkata and presented the future roadmap for the party in Bengal.

Amazon in talks to sell Fire phone via O2September 7, 2014 4:39 pm
Amazon in talks to sell Fire phone exclusively through O2 in UK
By Daniel Thomas and Murad Ahmed
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/63f40ffc-3698-11e4-95d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Piramal earmarks $2bn for tie-up drive© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/56b6d5be-34e4-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Branches of Indian banks like SBI may face closure in UK crackdownBranches of Indian banks like SBI may face closure in UK crackdown
Fernndez battles to save fatherlandSeptember 7, 2014 5:58 pm
Fernández likely to see out term with battle cry for ‘fatherland’
By Benedict Mander in Buenos Aires
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bdd12e08-3678-11e4-85be-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BJP playing dangerous games  says MulayamPrint
Express News Service | Lucknow | Posted: September 8, 2014 12:07 am
Leading Samajwadi Party’s (SP) bypoll campaign in Mainpuri from where his grandnephew Tej Pratap Singh is trying for a debut in Lok Sabha, Mulayam Singh Yadav Sunday took on ruling BJP at the Centre by accusing it of playing “dangerous games” for political gains by polarising Uttar Pradesh on communal lines.
“For (political) gains, BJP can say anything and do anything… (even) play dangerous games. They excel in telling lies and spreading rumours. They promised that they will bring more employment, bring back black money and that the inflation will decline, but nothing happened,” he said addressing back to back rallies at his home turf. The stakes are high for Samajwadi Party as BJP is likely to give it a tough fight.
He also accused the BJP of polarising the state.
Mulayam had vacated Mainpuri seat for Azamgarh after he won both the seats in the Lok Sabha elections. The byelection is on September 13.
Sending a message that he is still connected to Mainpuri, Mulayam reminded people that he left it for Azamgarh only because he trusts people of Mainpuri.

BSP identifies 8 Independents to back in UP bypollsPrint
Written by Ramendra Singh | Lucknow | Posted: September 8, 2014 12:03 am
More than a week after Mayawati asked BSP workers to vote for select Independent candidates in the by-elections on 11 Assembly seats and one Lok Sabha seat on September 13, party leaders are struggling to find out suitable Independents who could be backed.
Even as BSP leaders have identified Independent candidates on eight seats, namely Rohaniya, Noida, Saharanpur, Thakurdwara, Balha, Lucknow East, Sirathu and Hamirpur, they have not been able to choose suitable candidates in the Assembly seats of Nighasan, Bijnor, Charkhari and the Mainpuri Lok Sabha seat, where party leaders say all Independents are either helping a mainstream party’s candidate or are their dummies.
Party sources said that BSP workers have been asked to vote for former MLC SP Singh, contesting from Lucknow East. Singh, an accused in the murder of his partner CP Singh, was acquitted in July this year. His wife Kanti Singh is currently an MLC.
The party has also decided to support Ramakant Singh in Rohaniya Assembly constituency. According to a party leader, Ramakant had been associated with the party and had contested the last Assembly polls from the same seat as a BSP candidate. He had finished second with over 40,000 votes.
“No party leader or worker will campaign for them or endorse them. We have only told the workers to vote for these candidates. This is not actually samarthan (support), this is just sahyog (assistance),” a leader said, requesting anonymity.

Quantitative report: Nocturnal activityQuantitative report: Nocturnal activity
Artist To Exhibit Jennifer Lawrence s Leaked Nudes As  Artreddit
When a 4chan user leaked a cache of celebrity nude photos last week , including those of Jennifer Lawrence and Kate Upton, internet users responded in a variety of ways.
Some chose to respect the women's privacy and just didn't click. Others began a strange movement to compensate for ogling by donating to cancer research. The nastiest reaction so far, we're sad to report, goes to a Los Angeles-based artist named XVALA , who is, you guessed it, appropriating these images as art.
(And by appropriate, we mean displaying them on canvas, life-size and unaltered.)
XVALA will showcase the images as part of his "long-awaited," according to the press release, " No Delete " exhibition. It will run at Florida's Cory Allen Contemporary Art, which dubs itself "the world's first PR gallery" and refers to itself with the hashtag #CACA.
The rest of the show features more of the same -- years of celebrities' most intimate and comprising photos, accessed by paparazzi or hackers. His most famed work is a framed image of Britney Spears from the shaved head-era. Essentially, if you love tabloid trash but want to get pretentious about it, this is the show for you.
"We share our secrets with technology," XVALA said in a statement. "And when we do, our privacy becomes accessible to others." Thank you, XVALA, for that in-depth analysis, so thoughtfully illustrated via hacked images of breasts.
Appropriation art has been a controversial genre since its inception. In 1913 when Marcel Duchamp signed a urinal "R. Mutt" and hung it in a museum, the people were not happy. Later Andy Warhol collected commercial images from advertisements and packaged goods and presented them as art; again, the people were displeased. More recently, artist Richard Prince became entangled in a long copyright lawsuit over his 2008 " Canal Zone " series, which incorporated images by French photographer Patrick Cariou into a Gagosian exhibition.
However, with even the most maddening of art history's notorious appropriation cases, most of the anger stemmed from the validity of the artistic technique itself, rather than the subject matter. When Duchamp exhibited his toilet, he was revealing the arbitrary nature of the art object, and when Warhol pulled a similar move he collapsed high and low culture into an endless stream of images. We're having trouble pinpointing how exactly XVALA is contributing to the artistic conversation, except by proving the internet is a dangerous place for women, all the more so thanks to him.
In fact, more than falling into the tradition of appropriation art, XVALA falls into a darker art world convention, one that feeds off the female body. The female portrait has remained one of the most prominent (and unvarying) traditions in art history. Only today, as opposed to centuries past, there is almost nothing transgressive about a naked woman's image.
XVALA's work also falls into the misguided ritual of shock art, which mistakenly assumes negative attention results from a conservative viewership, rather than a critical or bored one. Truly transgressive artists take risks in their work , putting their own reputation and even safety on the line. They don't shove someone else's body into the spotlight and take all the credit.
Art gives us the rare opportunity to break a variety of rules, hopefully with the purpose of liberation or revelation. In this case, the label of art feels like a lame excuse to commit an act of sexual assault under the pretense of questioning the flawed society we live in. We get it, XVALA. The internet can be a scary place. You're not exactly helping.
"The commentary behind this show is a reflection of who we are today,” said Cory Allen, the gallery founder/publicist. "We all become ‘users’ and in the end, we become ‘used’." Yawn.
Snapshot of CACA website.

A Really Good Reason to Oppose the Next  Trade  Dealsreddit
My job depends on trade. I'm 100 percent in favor of trade.
By the same token, we can have good trade policies that raise living standards, or bad trade policies that deindustrialize our economy and distort social and political power relationships.
Figure 1. What people hear, when you say "trade deal."
Two cases in point: the " Trans-Pacific Partnership " (TPP) and the " Trans-Atlantic Trade and Investment Partnership " (TTIP). Both are variations on NAFTA, a vigorously oversold agreement with Canada and Mexico.
Figure 2. Twelve Pacific Rim countries currently negotiating in the Trans-Pacific Partnership
Journalist William Greider explains the origin and intent of one particularly troubling feature of the NAFTA model. NAFTA's legal process helps global companies enforce certain provisions in the agreement . In full jargon, it is called "investor-state dispute settlement," or ISDS.
We understand how the US Constitution establishes our legal framework. The Constitution and Bill of Rights were specifically written to protect individuals from tyranny, and balance public interests with private interests. Our courts settle legal disputes by applying Constitutional principles.
NAFTA, as a legal framework, creates a parallel structure at the global level. However, NAFTA and similar deals have a very different design goal. They prioritize corporate investor rights, while pushing public interests to the side.
As the cynical catchphrase goes, under NAFTA, governments can do "whatever they want," to protect the environment, labor rights, human rights, public health, prudent financial regulation, and internet freedom (for instance), as long as they pay corporations for any lost profit -- including potential profit for activities that have not even occurred, yet!
Greider sketches the history of this question in America. In 1905, a corporate-friendly Supreme Court held that employers' rights outweighed public interest. That Court struck down laws setting a 10-hour day(!) and workplace safety rules. In the 30's, the Supreme Court reversed this interpretation, and recognized the legitimate role of government regulation in the public interest.
During the '30s, corporate interests were pushed back in a political struggle. The widespread economic suffering of that time discredited the idea of unregulated capitalism. New policies brought in a system of controls and regulations for banking and workplace safety. We introduced unemployment insurance, bank deposit insurance, and other familiar policies to prevent the huge market failures of the Great Depression.
NAFTA was negotiated in the early 90's. With NAFTA, corporate interests could draft a new global legal system on a clean sheet of paper. Battles lost in the 30's could be won quietly at the global level in the 90's.
NAFTA set up rules favoring global corporations, and shadowy trade tribunals to enforce those rules.
In practice, these tribunals can compel outcomes favorable to global corporations, in spite of decisions made through our domestic legislative process, or courts -- including the Supreme Court.
Trade tribunals are not courts. They don't have judges. Trade lawyers render decisions. They are not accountable to any political body. The proceedings are secret. Complaints are brought by corporations; all defendants are countries. Decisions reflect global investor rights, as written into NAFTA-style trade deals. Since public interest and public good are subordinated in the trade deals, people and the planet take a distant second place in decisions rendered by the trade tribunals.
In this system, foreign corporations have greater rights than domestic corporations. Of course, in the global economy, any large company can create a token presence offshore, and use that entity to seek damages in a trade tribunal. Any corporation with money and nerve can challenge a national law or court. Over 500 such ISDS cases have been filed , and the number is growing rapidly.
Greider interviewed a lead NAFTA negotiator who explained that it was his clear intention to rewrite the history of investor rights.
As for anyone troubled by the intrusions on US sovereignty, he said, "My only advice is, get over it. " ... the architects of NAFTA knew exactly what they were creating. "The parties did not stumble into this," he said. "This was a carefully crafted definition [of investor rights]."
In Greider's article, Georgetown law professor Robert Stumberg sharpens this point.
NAFTA's investor protections "are based on a long-term strategy, carefully thought out by business, with many study groups and law firms involved in developing them. This is about limiting the authority of government -- that is its central importance."
NAFTA, TPP, TTIP and other NAFTA-style deals are not "trade agreements." They are moral, social, political and economic documents -- with governing authority similar to our Constitution. One difference, of course, is that the Constitution never mentions corporations -- not even once. In contrast, these bad trade deals establish legal and social standards heavily biased in favor of investors.
In the '90s, NAFTA advocates enjoyed a presumption of trust. We trusted that public interest and moral values were an effective counterweight to global corporate power. Skeptics of NAFTA had the burden of proof.
Twenty years after NAFTA , we can look back and measure decades of glowing promises against our lived experience. Public trust is shifting . Now, negotiators for TPP and TTIP have the burden of proof.
Consider this: The web of NAFTA-style trade deals is a system, specifically designed to shift power in favor of global corporations. This is a system designed to work for the 1% and to subordinate the interests of most of the people we know. These deals are purposefully designed to determine how life will be organized in 2050.
Nobel laureate economist Joseph Stiglitz calls this trade policy "global governance without global government."
This system is doing exactly what it was designed to do.
If TPP, TTIP and other bad trade deals go into effect, they will lock in global standards for generations, with no practical process to modify, amend or repeal them.
Investor-state dispute settlement is a really good reason to oppose TPP and TTIP. We should rethink the entire premise for ISDS.
The last thing we should do is ratify TPP and TTIP, elevating ISDS to a global norm for generations.
Follow Stan Sorscher on Twitter: www.twitter.com/sorscher
More:

TOP FRAMES: Best photographs of this week from around the worldpicture  others
TOP FRAMES: Best photographs of this week from around the world
This week on Top Frames, the single persona making headlines throughout was the  Indian PM Narendra Modi, with his vibrant state visit to Japan, etching out straddling number of photo ops. The one most tweeted and shared being of him pulling the ears of a young kid in good humor. We also came to know of his drumming talent, a spectacle that left many awestruck.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi plays with a child during his visit to the  Golden Pavilion Temple in Japan on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
Among the International news events Pakistan embroiled in a chaotic political struggle made headlines after all hell was let loose in Islamabad one night when protestors stormed into the parliament arena.
A woman carries the lifeless body of baby girl as others transport the body of a man both killed after the roof top of their home collapsed from heavy rain in Lahore on September 4, 2014. (Source: AP)
While in a 'Its never too late attitude' Images of Iraqi forces on the offensive with support from the Peshmerga continued to remain. Images of celebration at the War museum of China on its 69th anniversary of its victory over Japan came at a time when relationship between the Asian giants is at an all time low.
In this photo released by China's Xinhua news agency, balloons are released into the air during a ceremony to mark the 69th anniversary of China's victory over Japan at the Museum of the War of Chinese People's Resistance Against Japanese Aggression, in Beijing on September 3, 2014. China commemorated Japan’s World War II surrender as part of Beijing’s campaign to remind the world of Tokyo’s historical aggression amid worsening relations between the two countries. (Source: AP)
Back home, from amongst our Photographers, an intimate image of PT Usha helping Athlete Tintu Luka get ready for the Arjuna awards ceremony by Renuka Puri was much acclaimed during the week.
PT Usha is seen helping Tintu Luka for the Arjun Award at Ashoka hotel. (Source: Express photo by Renuka Puri)
Deepak Joshi's hitting image of a group of children ferrying a television set in a boat to school a day ahead of PM Modi's teacher's day speech broadcast to schools all over India counts for as one of the stark and ironic visual signature of recent days.
Students of Thane Zilla Parishad School in Saga village of Bhiwadi taluka on Thursday took a television set by boat across the Kalu river from Atali to Nandkar, from where they carried it to school. (Source: Express photo by Deepak Joshi)
Another image that defined national news this week was the fire that gutted a few floors of the signature Chatterjee International tower in Kolkata.
15 fire tenders were rushed to the spot along with hydraulic ladders. (Source: Express photo by Partha Paul)
While the floods in the Country's north especially the Kashmir region played havoc with daily life.
People move towards the safer places as they walk in the submerged flooded water roads in Srinagar on Thursday. (Source:  Express photo Shuaib Masoodi)
A building collapses due to flash floods triggered by heavy rains in Poonch on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Images from North Korea this time has been less of political bouquets and reflects more upon the nature and people of the secretive nation.
An Image of the Mount Peketu in North Korea leaves us more curious about things beyond the ubiquitous political photos that otherwise hit the wires once in a while.
In this a North Korean national television station camera crew records the scenery from the peak of Mt. Paektu in North Korea's Ryanggang province. (Source: AP)
A North Korean boy arm wrestles with former NFL player Bob 'The Beast' Sapp in Pyongyang, North Korea.  In an oddball attempt at sports diplomacy with North Korea, a group of about 20 mixed martial artists from around the world, including former NFL player Bob “The Beast” Sapp, traveled to Pyongyang last week to engage in arm-wrestling and tug-of-war competitions with local children. (Source: AP)
In aggregate, The Top frames has edited and brought to our followers this time a more off beat sense of images, rather than the parroted set of visuals that adorn all websites. We look forward to your support and shares  once again.
More than 1,000 paramilitary policemen take part in an exercise in Nanjing, Jiangsu province. (Source: Reuters)
Preparations in full swing for Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Teachers' Day Speech for school children at Rani Laxmi Bai School in Lucknow. (Source: Express photo by Vishal Srivastav)
An anti-government protester wears a helmet with pictures of Imran Khan, a cricketer-turned-opposition politician, during what has been dubbed a 'freedom march' in Islamabad. Pakistan's parliament threw its weight behind embattled Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Tuesday as a deepening crisis over violent protests demanding his resignation prompted fears of an army intervention. (Source: Reuters)
Iraqi security forces and Shiite militiamen fire at Islamic State group positions during an operation outside Amirli, some 105 miles (170 kilometers) north of Baghdad, Iraq. The Islamic State group has carved out a self-styled caliphate in the large area straddling the Iraqi-Syrian border that it now controls. In early August, the United States launched air strikes on the militant group in Iraq, in an effort to help Iraqi forces fight back against the growing militant threat. (Source:  PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi beating a traditional Taiko drum during inauguration of the Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) Japan Technology and Culture Academy in Tokyo. (Source: PTI)
U.S. President Barack Obama waves before speaking at the Nordea Concert Hall in Tallinn. (Source: Reuters)
President Barack Obama boards Air Force One as he finishes his trip to Tallinn.
Obama was in Estonia for a one day visit where he will meet with Baltic State leaders before heading to the NATO Summit in Wales. (Source: AP)
Pakistani Christian peace activist Julius Salik gestures while sitting in flower bouquets for anti-government protesters to show solidarity with them during the Revolution March in Islamabad.
Pakistan's protest leaders demanding Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's resignation prepared to resume talks with the government on Wednesday, reviving hopes for a negotiated solution to a crisis that has shaken the coup-prone nation. (Source: Reuters)

White lies: That captured ‘albino’ cobra in California is not an albino at all.By Elahe Izadi September 5 Follow @ElaheIzadi
This image taken from video on Thursday, Sept. 4, 2014 provided by the Los Angeles Zoo shows a deadly cobra being put into quarantine at the Los Angeles Zoo. The cobra mysteriously appeared in a suburban neighborhood and was taken to the Los Angeles Zoo after being spotted and tracked to a backyard woodpile where animal-control officers captured it. (AP Photo/Los Angeles Zoo)
Southern California surely breathed a collective sigh of relief when animal control workers safely captured what they believed to be a venomous albino cobra o n the loose in Thousand Oaks on Thursday afternoon.
But, as it turns out, the white monocled cobra isn’t an albino at all. Nope. You’d think, because it’s white and all. But nuh-uh.
Ian Recchio, curator of reptile and amphibians at the Los Angeles Zoo, tells the Los Angeles Times that the animal is actually leucistic, meaning it lacks all pigment, but has blue eyes instead of the red ones that albinos have.
The cobra is being kept at the zoo in quarantine, zoo spokesperson Ashley Rodriguez told Reuters . It’s not a domesticated species, Recchio said, and it still has its poison glands.
On Monday, the cobra bit a dog that ended up in the hospital (the dog is expected to make a full recovery).
Officials still don’t know how the cobra got out; neighbors think someone owned it, the Times reports. It’s illegal to have such an animal without a permit.
At any rate, here’s a video of a leucistic monocled cobra. As if you weren’t terrified enough:
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post. She can be reached at elahe.izadi@washpost.com and on Twitter @ ElaheIzadi .
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409953896/1409953896000/1409953896 tracking: {authors=Elahe Izadi, blog_name=post-nation, content_category=National, in_url_headline=white-lies-that-captured-albino-cobra-in-california-is-not-an-albino-at-all, post_id=11114, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 9:51:36 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 9:51:36 PM

BIGGEST IPO IN U.S. HISTORYMassive Chinese Company Files Biggest IPO In US History
 | By                                                                MICHAEL LIEDTKE
Updated:
09/05/2014  6:59 pm EDT
The Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. application loading page is displayed on an Apple Inc. iPad, rear, and iPhone 5s in an arranged photograph in Hong Kong, China, on Wednesday, May 7, 2014. Alibaba, which rode China's emergence as an economic superpower over the last 15 years to become a massive online marketplace for everything from forks to forklifts, filed yesterday for what could become the largest U.S. initial public offering ever. Photographer: Brent Lewin/Bloomberg via Getty Images | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — China's Alibaba Group is seeking to raise up to $24.3 billion in its upcoming IPO — an amount that would be the most raised by a company in a stock market debut.
The e-commerce company and its early investors are hoping to sell up to 368 million shares for $60 to $66 apiece, according to a regulatory filing late Friday that sets the stage for Alibaba Group Ltd. to make its long-awaited debut on the New York Stock Exchange later this month.
The documents didn't spell out when trading would begin. The debut is likely to come somewhere from Sept. 18 through Sept. 26. The timing hinges on how many issues regulators raise with the IPO.
The company's management will begin to travel around the world next week to meet with money managers and other investors interested in investing in Alibaba's IPO. If interest increases, the IPO price could be higher than $66 per share.
Alibaba has emerged as a hot commodity because of its e-commerce bazaar, a shopping magnet for businesses and consumers alike as China's economy steadily grows. The company's network of sites includes Taobao, Tmall, and AliExpress, as well as Alibaba.
Most of Alibaba's 279 million active buyers visit the sites at least once a month on smartphones and other mobile devices, making the company attractive to investors as computing shifts away from laptop and desktop machines.
At $66 per share, Alibaba would debut with a market value of $163 billion. That would be more than all but a handful of technology companies, a testament to Alibaba's stunning growth since former schoolteacher Jack Ma started the company in his apartment 15 years ago.
Alibaba plans to sell 123 million of the shares, with the rest being offered by the company's early investors, including Yahoo Inc., which is parting with some of its 22-percent stake.
The fundraising target eclipses the $16 billion Facebook raised in 2012, the most for a technology IPO. It also would top the all-time IPO fundraising record of $22.1 billion set by the Agricultural Bank of China Ltd. in 2010, according to the research firm Dealogic.
Even at $60 per share, Alibaba's IPO would come close to matching the record set by the Agricultural Bank of China.
Still, it's possible investors won't like what they hear during Alibaba's upcoming management presentations, dropping the IPO price.
In its last fiscal year ending March 31, Alibaba earned $3.7 billion, making it more profitable than eBay Inc. and Amazon.com Inc. combined. Amazon ended Friday with a market value of about $160 billion while eBay's market value stood at $67 billion.
Like China's consumer and Internet market, Alibaba is still growing rapidly. The company's revenue in its latest quarter ending in June surged 46 percent from last year to $2.54 billion while its earnings climbed 60 percent to nearly $1.2 billion, after subtracting a one-time gain and certain other items.
Yahoo stands to make almost as much money from the IPO as Alibaba does. The U.S. company, which has been struggling to grow for years, is in line for a windfall of $7.3 billion to $8 billion by selling 121.7 million of is Alibaba shares. Yahoo has said it intends to distribute at least one half of its take from the Alibaba IPO to its own shareholders. That leaves open the possibility that Yahoo will use the remaining chunk of money to make acquisitions that could help its own revenue growth.
Even after the IPO sale, Yahoo will still own nearly 402 million Alibaba shares, or a 16 percent. Yahoo's stock climbed 81 cents to $40.40 in Friday's extended trading after Alibaba set its IPO price range.
Alibaba's founder will be the biggest individual winner. Ma, 49, will pocket $765 million to $841.5 million by selling 12.75 million of his Alibaba shares. After the IPO, Ma will still retain a nearly 8 percent stake in the company worth $12.8 billion at $66 per share.
More:

Trinamool hits back at Amit Shah  says CBI  used politicallyTrinamool hits back at Amit Shah, says CBI 'used politically'
IANS Sep 7, 2014, 09.41PM IST
Tags:
Amit Shah
(Trinamool Secretary…)
KOLKATA: West Bengal's ruling Trinamool Congress Sunday retaliated against BJP president Amit Shah's call to book Saradha scamsters, and accused the BJP of politically using the CBI which is probing the multi-crore-rupee scam.
Alleging that Mamata Banerjee was afraid to take action as her own 'cronies' were involved in the scam, Shah earlier in the day asserted that all those involved in the scam will be 'netted'.
"Can Didi (Banerjee) stop those who have taken the Saradha money? The answer is no, but we are not afraid of anybody because our workers have not done any scam. So, be it Saradha or any other, we will net whoever is involved," Shah said at a Bharatiya Janata Party rally in the city.
Trinamool secretary general Partha Chatterjee told media persons a few hours after Shah's address: "The BJP president today said Saradha will be its weapon, and our accusations that the CBI is being used politically have now come true.
"Amit Shah's address today vindicated our stand that the CBI was being used by some to derive political benefits," he said.
Probing the multi-crore-rupee scam, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has so far interrogated several people, including a former aide of Trinamool leader and state Transport Minister Madan Mitra .
The agency has again taken into custody suspended Trinamool parliamentarian Kunal Ghosh .
Ghosh who has repeatedly alleged the involvement of the Trinamool top leadership, Saturday dropped a bombshell, saying he should be jointly interrogated with the chief minister as well as scam kingpin Sudipta Sen.
Ghosh's claim has come in the wake of allegations that in 2010, the Saradha group was favoured in getting a contract from the IRCTC for providing logistics support to the 'Bharat Tirth' project announced in the 2010-11 railway budget by Mamata Banerjee, who was then the railways minister.
Chatterjee also ridiculed Shah, who took a jibe over Banerjee's hunger strike during her anti-acquisition movement against the erstwhile Left Front government in Singur and Nandigram.
"Perhaps the BJP president was not informed about Trinamool's and Mamata Banerjee's struggle. Perhaps it is his ignorance that he is trying to undermine the struggles of thousands of farmers of Singur and Nandigram," Chatterjee said.
Chatterjee also rubbished Shah's claim that only the BJP was capable of giving good governance.
"The bubble of expectation which the BJP had created has now gone burst. In its just 100 days, the party, which came to power riding on its advertising blitz involving crores of rupees, has now has started its backward journey," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Few US reshorings go ahead  study findsSeptember 7, 2014 4:46 pm
Few US ‘reshorings’ go ahead, study finds
By Robert Wright in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ed0edc78-352a-11e4-a2c2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

MUFG eyes $8bn of foreign dealsSeptember 7, 2014 12:26 pm
Mitsubishi UFJ eyes $8bn in foreign deals
By Patrick Jenkins and Daniel Schäfer in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f2e0071e-3528-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shell and Oman fund back GlasspointSeptember 7, 2014 5:27 pm
Shell looks to solar power to lift oil output
By Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/163ec8ec-36a7-11e4-95d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt gets over Rs 35Kcr from Cairn s Raj oil block in 5 yrsGovt gets over Rs 35Kcr from Cairn s Raj oil block in 5 yrs
Kashmir floods: Modi offers help to Pakistan  Islamabad says relief onKashmir floods: Modi offers help to Pakistan  Islamabad says relief on
Column: Nudging towards financial inclusionApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

BJP move to form Delhi Government  unethical  unconstitutional : CongressUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Terming BJP's reported move to form government in Delhi as "unethical and unconstitutional", Congress on Sunday said that the saffron outfit does not have the numbers to do so and vowed to launch a "fight to the finish" against it.
Launching the "Aakrosh Rally" against BJP and Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) in Northeast Delhi's Ghonda assembly constituency, Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee (DPCC) president Arvinder Singh Lovely said electing a chief minister and proving the majority in the House through secret ballots -- what is being indicated -- was "illegal".
"Section 9 of the NCT (National Capital Territory) Act only empowers the Lieutenant Governor to message the state assembly in this regard. It is up to the assembly to take a call on the message. "There is no provision for a secret ballot in the Constitution. So these rumours are totally illegal," he said. The party also said that it will "expose" the BJP by organising such rallies in the entire state. Lovely said the Union Home Ministry was dictating terms to the Raj Niwas (L-G's residence).
The party also said that it will "expose" the BJP by organising such rallies in the entire state. Lovely said the Union Home Ministry was dictating terms to the Raj Niwas (L-G's residence).
"If BJP has the numbers, it should be certainly invited, but if not, then the party should tell who is extending support to it," he said when asked about rumours that the L-G might invite BJP to form the government. The DPCC chief also attacked Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his address to the country's children on Teachers' Day. He said that it would have been better if the money spent on his address was used for building new schools.
He claimed, "100 schools could have been opened in the country with the amount spent to fulfil the PM's penchant of speaking." "A letter can also be written. If you want to give a message, write a letter," said Lovely. Asked about AAP's demand for presidential intervention in the issue of government formation, Lovely said that the party cannot be trusted as it keeps on changing its stands.
"The AAP had made tall promises to the people but what happened later, they ran away within a month because they had understood that cannot fulfil those promises," Lovely said. Party leaders Haroon Yusuf and Mukesh Sharma were also present at the rally.

City was on hit list of IM on the festive season: Delhi Police Special CellWatch: Former MP Saifuddin Soz heckled by flood victims in Srinagar
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

TMC captures Haldibari civic boardJ&K floods: Army's mobile charging units help locals connect with their families 7 hours 54 minutes ago
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Home Ministry sends team to Srinagar to monitor rescue operationsUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: A team of officials, headed by the joint secretary (Disaster Management) of the Home Ministry, has been instructed to make it base at Srinagar and monitor the rescue and relief of the flood-affected people in Jammu and Kashmir.
According to Home Ministry officials, the team will function from Srinagar, and mainly coordinate and monitor the rescue and relief efforts.
The officials also said that the number of additional boats reaching the flood-affected areas of Jammu and Kashmir has been increased to 150. The decision was taken by Home Minister Rajnath Singh after reviewing the flood situation in the state.
According to Home Ministry officials, the team will function from Srinagar, and mainly coordinate and monitor the rescue and relief efforts.
These boats will soon be pressed into service, the officials added.
To assist those who stuck in the affected areas and their relatives and family members, the Home Ministry has set up control room.
Anybody seeking assistance pertaining to the flood crisis in J&K may approach Home Ministry's control room in New Delhi, the telephone numbers for which are: (011) 23093054, 23092763, 23093564, 23092923, 23092885, 23093566, 23093563.

Chiquita s Tax Inversion Deal Could Be In Troublereddit
Banana giant Chiquita Brands International’s plan to move to Ireland to dodge U.S. taxes may be in trouble.
Institutional Shareholder Services, an influential firm that advises investors, urged shareholders to vote against Chiquita’s plan to merge with Irish rival Fyffes. Instead, the company should accept a joint takeover bid by two Brazilian firms, ISS said in an analysis on Friday.
Chiquita rejected the $625 million offer from orange juice behemoth Cutrale Group and investment bank Safra Group last month, and reaffirmed its plan to create the world’s largest banana company by merging with Fyffes. The combined company, dubbed ChiquitaFyffes PLC, would be headquartered in low-tax Ireland.
Charlotte, N.C.-based Chiquita could face boycotts over its plan to split to Ireland in the so-called tax inversion deal. Tax inversions occur when a larger American company merges with a smaller foreign firm and moves overseas to skirt U.S. corporate taxes, which are among the highest in the world.
The tactic, which has become increasingly popular over the last year, is facing intense political backlash as several high-ranking senators and the White House are exploring legal options to make inversions more difficult.
Under the threat of a national boycott, drugstore chain Walgreen abandoned its plan last month to re-incorporate in Switzerland after merging with European rival Alliance Boots. Late last month, Burger King announced a deal to buy doughnut and coffee chain Tim Hortons and move to Canada. A similar chorus of voices called for boycotts against Burger King, though it remains unclear whether activists can organize enough customers to protest the fast-food giant.
Still, ISS said investors’ excitement over Chiquita’s tax inversion deal, first announced in March, has waned in recent months.
“The apparently declining market enthusiasm for the transaction over the months after the announcement,” the advisory firm wrote in its analysis, “and the potential to realize greater economic value through an alternative transaction -- as demonstrated by a higher cash offer from another potential strategic buyer -- suggest support for the transaction as currently structured is not warranted.”
Steve Himes, a spokesman for Chiquita, did not respond to the The Huffington Post's request for comment on Sunday.
More:

Centre moves fast on changes in Act to take states on boardPrint
Written by Ruhi Tewari | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 12:54 am
In an attempt to make the process of acquiring land simpler, and address concerns of the industry as well as several states, the BJP-led government moved swiftly towards bringing about sweeping changes in the Land Acquisition Act within a month of taking charge at the Centre.
In the first move, a meeting of all state revenue ministers was called by Union Rural Development Minister Nitin Gadkari in June wherein suggestions were sought from all states on the changes that need to be brought about in the legislation to ease problems on the ground.
The Right to Fair Compensation and Transparency in Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Resettlement Bill was enacted last year by the Congress-led United Progressive Alliance government and was touted as a landmark legislation. The Act has been criticised by the industry and certain other sections for making land acquisition not just phenomenally expensive, but more complicated and time consuming.
The Rural Development ministry submitted a list of suggested amendments to Prime Minister Narendra Modi mid-July based on the changes recommended by states, which included doing away with the consent clause for Public Private Partnership projects, removing the requirement for mandatory Social Impact Assessment study and relaxing the retrospective clause.
A key suggestion calls for “re-examining” the consent clause. Currently, prior consent is required from 70 per cent of the affected families if land is being acquired for Public Private Partnership projects and from 80 per cent in case of private companies.
The ministry has also suggested doing away with the mandatory Social Impact Assessment study, confining it to large projects/PPP projects, “as it may delay the acquisition process”. Under the current Act, SIA is mandatory and it has to be completed within six months. Modification has also been suggested to the controversial ‘Retrospective Clause’, claiming it leads to “increased burden on state exchequer”, and also to litigations. The report also suggests narrowing the scope of people eligible to receive the Rehabilitation and Resettlement benefits under the Act.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, speaking at the Express Adda recently, said defence, affordable housing and some of the infrastructure projects should also fall within the exempted category.
Officials in the ministry say, if enacted, these changes would lead to a complete revision of the Act. While Gadkari’s predecessor Jairam Ramesh has criticized the move, stating the BJP had been brought on board for the Act’s passage, sources in the current government claim it is not a political move since even the Congress ruled states have demanded changes.
Interestingly, some of the Congress-ruled states were the most vocal in opposing certain provisions in the existing Act and instrumental in pushing for the suggested amendments. Internal documents mentioning each state’s view on every issue raised accessed by The Indian Express show the most crucial proposal — of removing consent clause from PPP projects or alternatively, bringing it down 50 per cent — was pushed by both Haryana (Congress ruled) and Kerala (ruled by Congress-led UDF), besides some other states. On the definition of affected family, which the ministry has proposed to narrow continued…

Five killed as truck falls into a gorgePrint
Express News Service | Aizwal | Posted: September 8, 2014 12:52 am
Five persons, including three of a family, died in an accident as the truck in which they were travelling fell into a gorge in Lunglei, police said Sunday. The driver and his assistant also died in the accident, the police said adding that the truck was carrying cement.
Though it is unclear when the accident took place, the police suspect that it could be around 1 pm on Saturday. The truck was traced around 9 pm after some relatives of the deceased began looking for them.
The police with the help of local villagers recovered the bodies. The deceased identified as Zongaihoma(46), Lalchawikunga(46) and Lalnunhlimi(36), all from Sailam, the driver Suhaq Uddin Borbhuiya(25) of Dholchera. The assistant’s body is yet to be identified.

India Post releases eight stamps on music maestrosPrint
Written by Suanshu Khurana | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 12:44 am
Many years ago, a performance by Pandit Bhimsen Joshi at Delhi’s Shriram Bharatiya Kala Kendra had the audiences in a meditative trance. Among those present was a Delhi College of Art student Sankha Samanta, who noticed in awe, the extravagant gestures and the contours of the musician’s face change with every note he breathed.
He “watched” the raga being delineated. Now almost 25 years later, Samanta, now 44 and a stamp artist, has conceptualised a commemorative stamp for Joshi in which delicate strokes of a saffron sun, sea and sky can be seen segueing into a sombre Joshi.
The stamp is one of the eight commemorative stamps released as a part of philatelic products released by India Post. The set includes stamps on doyens of Indian classical music with Pt Ravi Shankar, Gangubai Hangal, DK Pattamal, Kumar Gandharva, Ustad Vilayat Khan, Ustad Ali Akbar Khan and Mallikarjun Mansoor finding a stamp each to themselves.
“The project was commissioned to me in the year 2011 as a set of four stamps, which later became eight And since then I have worked extensively on these. Apart from watching artistes’ videos repeatedly. I also had meetings with the children of artistes and people close to them before embarking on the project,” says Samanta, who has created more than 300 stamps so far out of which more than 15 are Mahatma Gandhi stamps.
While stamps of Shankar and Joshi are priced at Rs 25, the other six come with a denomination of Rs 5 each. The collectors’ edition includes eight lakh and five lakh stamps, respectively. Besides individual stamps, the postal department has also come up with miniature sheets and sheetlets that are available at 83 philatelic bureaus. “It’s challenging to create these stamps because of the detailing involved in the portraits. So the amount of research that goes is also massive. Variations in colour comes later apart from the brightness in print which is important. People in the philatelic world should be happy this time. It’s a real treat for them,” says Samanta, who originally drew the stamp designs on A4-sized canvases in oil and acrylic before they were turned into miniature stamp versions. Samanta’s first visit to the Dak Bhavan had him create a poster of Indira Gandhi for a stamp, which was approved in 1987. Since then, he has been one of the more important artistes associated with India Post.
What is surprising for the postal department, however, is that the sale of stamps in not dependent on the quantum of mails in times when letter writing is a lost medium. “If we do not realise the responsibility of bringing out these stamps, we begin to get frantic calls from collectors. It’s also an important revenue earning product for us,” says Anula Kumar, DDG, Philately, India Post, who adds that soon more thematic and personality stamps will be brought out by the department.

Dubai to take $300m Dangote Cement stakeSeptember 7, 2014 7:56 pm
Dubai to build west Africa ties with $300m Dangote Cement stake
By Simeon Kerr in Dubai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/086ff360-3686-11e4-95d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Letters: The Coal India let-downLetters: The Coal India let-down
Govt to double coal output to 1 bn tonnes in 4 years GoyalGovt to double coal output to 1 bn tonnes in 4 years Goyal
Govt  RBI to devise inflation focused monetary frameworkGovt  RBI to devise inflation focused monetary framework
Family  friends to remember Joan Rivers a private serviceFamily  friends to remember Joan Rivers a private service
Ukraine conflict derails planned PE fundSeptember 4, 2014 3:28 pm
Ukraine conflict derails planned private equity venture
By Anne-Sylvaine Chassany, Private Equity Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/19275834-342d-11e4-8832-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Met dept rules out drought on narrowing rain deficitSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Dilute 7% stake to raise Rs 1 200 cr: Dena Bank to Centredilute 7% stake to raise rs 1 200 cr: dena bank to centre
Branches of Indian banks may face closure in UK crackdownBranches of Indian banks like Bank of India, State Bank of India may face closure in UK crackdown
PTI Sep 7, 2014, 09.43PM IST
Tags:
Bank of England
LONDON: At least seven foreign-owned retail bank branches in the UK, including some Indian ones, could be forced to close down in a crackdown on overseas banks in a bid to insulate the British economy from global crises.
A consultation launched in February by Bank of England's Prudential Regulatory Authority (PRA), responsible for supervising individual banks, concluded last week.
The new rules in force require banks from outside the European Economic Area (EEA) to offer only minimal retail services.
While Bank of England declined to name the banks affected, analysts suggested that Bank of India, State Bank of India , Isbank of Turkey and Overseas Chinese Banking Corporation of Singapore are likely to be affected.
They would either have to shut down their retail banking operations in Britain or convert from branch status to full UK subsidiary -- an expensive and cumbersome process.
Some American banks, including JP Morgan and Citigroup , also have UK branches, but were less likely to be seriously hit because they also operate UK subsidiaries, according to The Times.
The PRA said in a statement that deposit-taking foreign banks that want to remain a branch must have less than 100 million pounds in account balances and fewer than 5,000 customers.
The PRA consultation had suggested that the branches might be able to trade if there were a "very high level of assurance" from the regulator in the parent bank's home country.
The new rules mean it will be easier for wholesale foreign banks, which cater to other financial institutions and large corporations rather than retail customers, to open non-deposit taking branches which would not face size limits but are likely to make it very difficult for some retail bank branches to operate.
Subsidiaries are subject to more complex clearances and branches, on the other hand, are part of a home office legal entity and don't require their own capital base in the UK or a separate board.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sharif warns of elements hampering Pak s pro...You are here: Home > Collections
Defiant Nawaz Sharif warns of elements hampering Pakistan's progress
PTI Sep 7, 2014, 07.33PM IST
Tags:
Imran Khan
(Sharif today appeared defiant…)
ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif today appeared defiant as he warned the people to be wary of elements staging sit-ins and hampering national progress even as the three-week-long political turmoil showed no signs of a breakthrough.
"It is your duty and the duty of nation to take notice of such elements who cannot tolerate their progress and they should not allow anyone to stage sit-ins," Sharif said amid demands for his resignation by protest leaders Imran Khan and fiery cleric Tahir-ul-Qadri.
Sharif, who visited flood-hit areas in Sialkot in Punjab province, said the government should be assisted in flood-relief efforts which was more important than staging sit-ins.
"Those who are staging dharnas should come forward to help government provide relief to flood-affected people," he said.
Sharif said the government has put the country on the path of progress and the nation should take notice of the people who are against the uplift of Pakistan, the News reported.
Meanwhile, Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaaf (PTI) chief Khan has threatened to drag Sharif to the Supreme Court to seek his disqualification for allegedly lying about protesters and the army in parliament.
Khan, in an overnight address to protesters in front of parliament also said that the sit-in will continue until the government accepted his demands including Sharif's ouster.
"The PTI leadership will approach the Supreme Court to get Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif disqualified as he was telling lies on the floor of the National Assembly regarding the leadership of the PTI, PAT and the army," Khan said.
He said that Sharif was lying to harm his party and Pakistan Awami Tehreek (PAT) chief Qadri.
Khan and Qadri have been protesting in front of parliament since August 14 to force Sharif's resignation over alleged rigging in the 2013 general elections won by his PML-N party.
Several rounds of talks have failed to resolve the crisis as protesters want nothing short of Sharif's ouster and fresh polls.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IS must be confronted militarily and politi...Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi
(Arab League chief Nabil al-Arabi on…)
CAIRO: Arab League chief Nabil al-Arabi on Sunday called for a military and political confrontation with Islamic State jihadists and other militants he said threatened the existence of Arab states.
"What is needed is a clear decision for a comprehensive confrontation, militarily and politically," Arabi said at a meeting of Arab foreign ministers, a day after he and US Secretary of State John Kerry discussed taking action against the jihadist group that controls swathes of Iraq and Syria.
The United States is looking for broad support for its campaign against the jihadist group, which its air force has already targeted in Iraq.
An Arab League diplomat told reporters that the ministers were considering adopting a resolution on combating IS and "coordinating with the United States to confront this terrorist organisation".
Iraq earlier welcomed US President Barack Obama's plan for an international coalition against jihadists as a "strong message of support," after repeatedly calling for aid against the militants.
Obama outlined the plan at a NATO summit Friday for a broad coalition to defeat IS, which led an offensive that overran parts of Iraq in June and also holds significant territory in neighbouring Syria.
IS, originally an Al-Qaeda affiliate in Iraq that expanded in the Syrian conflict, claims its chief Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is the rightful leader, or Caliph, of all Muslims.
The group's astonishing rise in Syria and neighbouring Iraq caught the weak government in Baghdad, and much of the region, off guard.
Arabi said IS posed a threat to the existence of Iraq and other states in the region.
"What is happening in Iraq is that the terrorist organisation not only threatens a state's authority, but threatens its very existence and the existence of other states," he said.
The United States expanded on Sunday its month-long air campaign against the militants in Iraq's Sunni Arab heartland, hitting IS fighters west of the capital Baghdad as Iraq troops launched a ground assault.
Aside from fighting in Iraq, Arab states are concerned that IS is coordinating with domestic extremists and that militants who travelled to fight with them may conduct attacks when they return home.
In Egypt, several militants who have carried out attacks on security forces since the army overthrew Islamist president Mohamed Morsi had travelled to fight in Syria.
The main Egyptian militant group, Ansar Beit al-Maqdis, has not publicly pledged its loyalty to IS but has refered to the jihadists as "brothers".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Experts urge inclusive schemes to stall radicalisation of youthNEW DELHI, September 6, 2014
Updated: September 7, 2014 17:11 IST
Experts urge inclusive schemes to stall radicalisation of youth
Vinay Kumar
security measures
Growing influence of social media poses a tough challenge
Security and intelligence experts have stressed the need for more inclusive programmes to prevent radicalisation of youth susceptible to extremist ideology in the wake of al-Qaeda’s plan to target the Indian sub-continent.
Pointing out that intentions of outfits like Al-Qaeda are not new, senior intelligence officials admitted that the ground situation needs to be monitored constantly as focus to garner resources will be mainly on outfits like Lashkar-e-Taiyyaba (LeT) and Indian Mujahideen (IM).
“With our multi-cultural, multi-religious pluralistic society, attempts to radicalise disgruntled youth of the minority community have been very minimal in the past. However, a vigorous push is needed for the government-run inclusive programmes in education and skill development so that alienation does not occur,” a senior intelligence official said.
But he also pointed to the growing influence and reach of the social media which posed a tough challenge. They had to keep a strict watch on “cyber-media” and make social media platforms aware of India’s concerns. “Absence of violence by terror outfits is not indicative of their potential to create trouble. Their ideological resolve always remains firm; we have to counter it,” he said.
Another security expert said extremist and terror outfits target fringe elements in poor areas where a sense of injustice, suffering and alienation exists. “It could be a miniscule percentage, but some elements do get attracted to the extreme ideology of terror groups like ISIS.’’

Microsoft drops controversial image toolSeptember 7, 2014 6:24 pm
Microsoft drops controversial image tool
By Richard Waters in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/15f5f5fc-369f-11e4-85be-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Double trouble for sand mafiaDouble trouble for sand mafia
Modi to kick off nationwide Make-In-India campaign by month-endSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Amazons India retail under lensSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Big turnaround on SpiceJet flight planSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Box office collections: Bollywood waits for a bang bang festive seasonApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Jennifer Aniston is pregnantSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Sebi may decide fate of Vadodara Stock ExchangePress Trust of India |  Vadodara Sep 07, 2014
Last Updated at 04:54 PM IST
Sebi may decide fate of Vadodara Stock Exchange
Vadodara Stock Exchange (VSEL) today said it was up to Sebi to take a call on closing down the bourse after it failed to meet a key requirement set by the market regulator.
Vadodara Stock Exchange (VSEL) today said it was up to Sebi to take a call on closing down the bourse after it failed to meet a key requirement set by the market regulator.
VSEL is facing cloure after its failure to comply with a SEBI directive that it must reach a turnover of Rs 1,000 crore by May 30, 2014 and a minimum networth of Rs 100 crore by May 2015.
According to a SEBI circular of May 30, 2012, regional exchanges with an annual trading turnover on its own trading platform of less than Rs 1,000 crore per year could apply to the regulator for voluntary surrender of licence.
The watchdog had asked VSEL, where trade volume is almost nil, to secure shareholders' nod by September 1 to voluntarily shutdown the bourse, which it failed to obtain.
"I will write a letter to Sebi tomorrow requesting it to decide on shutting down VSEL after its failure to meet voluntary closure deadline of 1st Spetember," VSEL Managing Director Someshwara Rao told PTI.
Two EGMs (extraordinary general meetings) held by VSEL on May 26 and July 13 failed to secure shareholder nod for closure, he said.
A sharp divison among 284 broker-shareholders and eight investor-shareholders of the exchange is preventing the the board of directors from passing a resolution to bring down curtains on the bourse.
 Advertisements

Sebi studies its own regulatory impact: SinhaPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 07, 2014
Last Updated at 12:30 PM IST
Sebi studies its own regulatory impact: Sinha
The new model involves a robust system taking care of most of the smaller offences so that the investigation resources are utilised effectively to tackle violations
Becoming the first financial sector regulator to study its own regulatory impact, Sebi has decided to adopt a risk-based supervision model for the securities market with sharper focus on bigger crimes.
The new model, put in place as per recommendations of an independent global consultant, involves a robust surveillance system taking care of most of the smaller offences so that the investigation resources are utilised more effectively to tackle serious violations, Sebi chief U K Sinha said.
"Most of the people know what Sebi (Securities and Exchange Board of India) does by way of its orders and regulations, but they may not know how Sebi is trying to improve its internal working.
"We would like to claim that we are the first financial sector regulator in the country who have done a survey of our own regulatory impact," Sinha told PTI in an interview.
Sebi had appointed Oliver Wyman, a well-known global consultant for studies in the areas of financial regulations that has been previously roped in by the regulators in the US and Europe, "to revisit the structural and organisational issues, re-prioritise areas of focus and to look at the technological and manpower needs of Sebi".
"We have implemented the recommendations of the consultant. The 2-3 things that they have highlighted and we have implemented are for example -- in matters of enforcement, the consultant have drawn our attention that you should first focus on supervision because as a regulator we have a right to inspect, we have a right to demand periodic returns.
"Then supervision should also be risk-based," Sinha said.
The Sebi chief further said that the consultant has suggested specific metrics to determine the risk that every firm poses to the system and based on which enforcement actions can also be initiated.
"I would also like to highlight that the consultant has asked us to focus our attention on supervision. One of the main things here is that, let us not waste our energy on small offences. We should concentrate on bigger offences.
"So by supervision what we means is we are trying to prevent smaller offences," he said.
 Advertisements

Eight Sensex blue-chips add Rs 52k cr in market valuationPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 07, 2014
Last Updated at 11:31 AM IST
Eight Sensex blue-chips add Rs 52k cr in market valuation
Only ITC and ICICI Bank were the losers; TCS' m-cap surged the most by Rs 14k cr
Eight of the top 10 most valued Indian firms together added Rs 52,277 crore in market valuation last week, with TCS, CIL and RIL emerging as the biggest gainers.
Barring ITC and ICICI Bank, rest eight companies including ONGC, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI and Sun Pharma saw gains in their market capitalisation (m-cap).
The m-cap of outsourcing giant TCS surged by Rs 14,181.19 crore to Rs 5,08,681.66 crore.
State-owned Coal India's market valuation jumped by Rs 9,379.8 crore to Rs 2,34,495.03 crore, while that of RIL went up by Rs 8,425.96 crore to Rs 3,31,574.48 crore.
The valuation of Infosys soared by Rs 7,826.84 crore to Rs 2,14,207.32 crore, followed by ONGC (Rs 6,288.29 crore to Rs 3,78,580.44 crore), SBI (Rs 4,102.42 crore to Rs 1,87,793 crore), HDFC Bank (Rs 1,399.38 crore to Rs 2,04,780.56 crore) and Sun Pharma (Rs 673.11 crore to Rs 1,77,659.31 crore).
On the other hand, ITC's m-cap slipped by Rs 3,864.16 crore to Rs 2,79,096.30 crore and ICICI Bank lost Rs 942.86 crore to Rs 1,79,126.07 crore.
TCS continued to rule the top-10 companies list followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, CIL, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
The BSE benchmark index Sensex concluded the week at 27,026.70, showing a gain of 388 points or 1.45 per cent.
 Advertisements

Gavyn Davies: US recovery looks sustainableAbout Gavyn
Blog guide
Welcome. If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read FT blogs. However, our posts remain free.
A blog on macroeconomics, economic policymaking and the financial markets. Gavyn usually writes about a key topic of the week on Sunday.
Follow Gavyn Davies on the A-List .
Follow @gavyndavies
Gavyn Davies is a macroeconomist who is now chairman of Fulcrum Asset Management and co-founder of Prisma Capital Partners. He was the head of the global economics department at Goldman Sachs from 1987-2001, and was chairman of the BBC from 2001-2004.
He has also served as an economic policy adviser in No 10 Downing Street, an external adviser to the British Treasury, and as a visiting professor at the London School of Economics.
Gavyn Davies is an active investor and may have financial interests and holdings in any of the topics about which he writes. The views expressed are solely those of Mr Davies and in no way reflect the views of Prisma Capital Partners LP, Fulcrum Asset Management LLP, their respective affiliates or representatives. This material is not intended to provide, and should not be relied upon for, investment advice or recommendations. Readers are urged to seek professional advice before making any investments.
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Scots offered new powers for voting NoLast updated: September 7, 2014 2:20 pm
Scotland offered new powers by George Osborne for No vote
By Mure Dickie in Edinburgh and George Parker in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/98a6ae02-3667-11e4-95d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ECI Partners notches up its largest fundSeptember 3, 2014 10:16 pm
ECI Partners notches up largest fund in its history
By Anne-Sylvaine Chassany
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b4818a64-3367-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Al-Shabaab confirms US strike killed leader© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b22f67be-351e-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US forces attack al-Shabaab in Somalia© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5a51c230-3271-11e4-a5a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A coal watchdog  with biteA coal watchdog  with bite
Indian Government all set to print rupee 1 currency noteSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Hoping to buy time  Congress all for a BJP govt in DelhiHoping to buy time, Cong for a BJP govt in Delhi?
Aurangzeb Naqshbandi  New Delhi, September 08, 2014
First Published: 00:38 IST(8/9/2014) | Last Updated: 14:40 IST(8/9/2014)
Comments
The Congress appears to be in favour of a BJP government in Delhi as it believes this would help it regroup and revive and also shrink the political space occupied by the Aam Aadmi Party — though it isn’t saying so publicly.
 
The grand old party — voted out of the Capital after 15 years in power — isn’t prepared for fresh elections, having lost a massive chunk of its vote bank to the Arvind Kejriwal-led AAP in last year’s assembly polls and this summer’s general elections. And AAP still remains a formidable force.
The thinking in the party is that if fresh elections were to be held now, there is a good chance that its numbers will be further reduced from the present eight in the 70-member assembly.
At this juncture, the best case scenario for the Congress is for the BJP to form the government — at least for some time — and buy it some time to regroup. “And in the next few years, anti-incumbency would set in against the BJP both at the Centre and the state and eventually help us regain power,” a senior Congress leader told HT on condition of anonymity.
The single largest party in Delhi with 28 MLAs, the BJP is currently preparing to form the government and is expecting an invitation from the lieutenant governor any time. The party also swept all seven Lok Sabha seats in the general elections while AAP pushed the Congress to the third spot.
Moreover, Congress sources said, delayed polls would be disadvantageous to AAP, looking to redeem itself after its decision to quit government after 49 days in power backfired. According to a Congress strategist, it would be difficult for AAP to stay relevant for another three to four years.
This explains the Congress’ ambivalent stand on the dissolution of the Delhi assembly.
 
In the Supreme Court, which is hearing the matter on a petition filed by AAP, it has opposed the move, maintaining that there is still the possibility of government formation. Outside, it has remained non-committal but also attacked the BJP for its attempts to form the government. “It shows the BJP is afraid to face the people. They have been trying to poach Congress MLAs but failed,” general secretary Shakeel Ahmad said.

Maharashtra housing regulator gives buyers control over construction of stalled projectsPrint
Written by Sandeep A Ashar | Mumbai | Posted: September 8, 2014 1:18 am
The rules for the much-awaited real estate regulator that were notified by the Maharashtra government on Saturday has a significant provision that allows home buyers of a stalled project to form a legal entity that can assume the complete control of the construction process.
Maharashtra is all set to become the first state in the country to regulate real estate sales through a housing regulator with the government seeking suggestions and objections on the rules from the public till October 10, following which it plans to enforce them.
The Maharashtra Housing (Regulation and Development) Rules state that if the housing regulator is satisfied that the developer would not be able to complete the construction of buildings, the buyers can form a legal entity comprising 60 per cent of flat purchasers as an escrow agent that would then take over the possession of the housing project. It also has a provision by which the regulator will retain 10 per cent of sale apartments in all the construction projects, which will be handed over to the purchasers to complete the project in case the developers fail to do so.
To safeguard the interest of consumers, the rules make it mandatory for the developers to register their projects with the regulator. Developers will be legally barred from advertising the sale of the flats till the project has been registered. The government has also brought estate agents under its ambit by making their registration with the regulator a mandatory condition.
To prevent unethical practices, the government has said the developers would be legally bound to disclose all details regarding the construction projects, including land and title records, agreements granting them the power to develop the property, project cost, saleable area, financial arrangement for meeting costs, period of construction, along with their registration application. It will also seek full details regarding the developers’ past projects. A developer would be registered only if all the technical and financial parameters are met. Moreover, the entire information will be uploaded on the regulator’s official website.
The government has plans to grade developers on their delivery standards at a later stage, a senior official said.
The rules also stipulate fixed timeframe within which a developer or land owner should convey the land title in the the society’s name after obtaining occupation certificate.
The government also issued rules for appeal against the regulator’s order before an appellate tribunal.

Dalits face boycott in Punjab village over land dispute  panel member to visit todayPrint
Written by Raakhi Jagga | Sangrur | Posted: September 8, 2014 1:17 am
Punjab Scheduled Caste Commission member Dilip Singh Pandhi will visit Namol village in Sangrur district — where trouble is brewing between Dalits and other villagers — on Monday. Two days ago, land owners in the village had allegedly announced that anyone who hires Dalits to work in their fields would be fined Rs 10,000. Following the announcement on a loudspeaker, the district administration was put on alert.
The bone of contention is a 6.5 acre land in the village, which is reserved for Dalits. Sanjeev Kumar Mintu, president of Krantikari Pendu Mazdoor Union, said, “The land owners want the land to be auctioned according to their will, and they want to present some dummy Dalits for the purpose. The actual users will be the land owners. So they have played this game of boycott. Already one auction has been cancelled because of the controversy.”
The boycott was called off by the land owners after a meeting Saturday, sources said. Block development officer Charanjit Singh Walia had intervened and assured justice for Dalits.
Similar case was reported in Baupar village, where Dalits faced boycott over the auction of land meant for them. Baladkalan village also witnessed similar controversy over 117 acres of land. There was no boycott there, but a clash took place on the day of auction on June 27.
The Zamin Prapati Sangrash Committee wants the land to be given to them after the paddy season. They have decided to pay 40 per cent of the total amount on which the land is auctioned. No decision has been taken yet.

A city used to shutdowns steps into the delugeSrinagar residents wade the streets. Source: AP
Written by Bashaarat Masood , Mir Ehsan | Srinagar | Posted: September 8, 2014 1:16 am
It was an unusual night at the Residency Road, the main business hub of Srinagar. For a city that is still learning to stay out after dusk, the fear of stepping out in the dark disappeared within hours, replaced by a different fear — of an unstoppable deluge.
At 9.30 pm on Saturday, the water level of the Jhelum — a river that cuts through Srinagar, with eight bridges connecting the city — started rising rapidly. Within three hours, it had risen by three feet. Yet, there was no warning from the government. Some of the mosques made occasional announcements, at the initiative of the residents themselves, asking people to stay alert.
A group of people stood on the embankment that divides the shopping arcades on Residency Road from the Jhelum. The rising muddy waters of the river could be seen. Suddenly, the water started rising at an unusual speed, causing alarm as people started calling out to each other.
The shopkeepers rushed to their shops and started shifting their merchandise and other valuables. There were vehicles plying on the Residency Road and Moulana Azad Road — the two highways that run parallel around the city centre, Lal Chowk, — till late night. There was a sense of urgency as people rushed around, shouting and praying.
But the neighbouring police station in Kothibagh, just a dozen metres away, was unusually calm. After some initial attempts to help those stranded in the colonies that have come up illegally inside the Jhelum’s catchement area, the administration slipped into complete inaction. Even the policemen were not visible. Finally, the people themselves started evacuating residents from the half-a-dozen houseboats on the Jhelum.
The Srinagar office of The Indian Express is housed in a shopping arcade which lies on the banks of the Jhelum. There was no way to go home on Saturday as all the roads were flooded.
At 3 am on Sunday, the water slipped over the embankment, and made its way towards the Residency Road. At the break of dawn, the water level suddenly rose by several feet, rushing over the embankment. Within minutes, the Residency Road was submerged. In a few hours, Lal Chowk as well as the Moulana Azad Road were also under water.
Soon, cries and shouts for help could be heard from across the river. The uptown neighbourhoods of Rajbagh, Kursu, Jawahar Nagar and Gogji Bagh were submerged. Hundreds of people, both residents and tourists, were trapped. Dozens of children in an orphanage in Jawahar Nagar area were also stranded.
By around 2:30 pm, the level of water on the roads was around 3 feet. A small breach in the embankment would mean there would be no way out of our office building. So we decided to head out for a safer place. On the way, groups of people could be seen desperately trying to flee to safety.
Unable to reach officials continued…

23 CRPF men  cops left without a fight as Naxals ambushed colleaguesPrint
Written by Ashutosh Bhardwaj | Raipur | Posted: September 8, 2014 1:15 am
The inquiry into a Maoist attack six months ago at Tahakwada in Chhattisgarh’s Sukma district — in which 11 CRPF and four police personnel were killed — has found that most of the survivors, who followed the first section that was ambushed, instead of helping their trapped colleagues stayed behind and later deserted them.
The probe ordered by IG CRPF (Chhattisgarh) H S Siddhu has found 23 of the 28 survivors prima facie guilty of “inaction and lack of satisfactory counter-action”. The paramilitary force has already suspended 17 of its personnel as reported by The Sunday Express, and suggested the police to act against six of its men for dereliction of duty.
“In our communication to the state police, we have recommended disciplinary action against them,” said the IG office in a statement to The Indian Express.
The probe report also said that the deceased personnel fought bravely and has recommended gallantry award to 10 of the 11 CRPF personnel killed in the encounter.
Forty three personnel — 31 CRPF and 12 Chhattisgarh police — had left Tongpal police station on March 11 morning when they were caught in an ambush on a National Highway with open fields on both sides. Fifteen securitymen, who comprised the first line of the party, died on the spot, while most of the others deserted their embattled colleagues, the probe has found.
Of the five survivors who were let-off in the probe, three could have been charged with “non-action” but they had suffered injuries in the gunbattle. It is probably the first instance when over half of a police team involved in an anti-Naxal operation has been found guilty of “lack of satisfactory counter-action”.
The inquiry also noted that “there was delay in sending reinforcement”.
Tongpal police camp was only four to five-minute drive from the spot, but the reinforcement party did not arrive in time. “These comprise around 25 personnel (both CRPF and police) who were present at the camp. They have not been suspended now, but will face a separate departmental enquiry,” said a CRPF officer. “The role of Tongpal thana in-charge is also under scanner.”
The state police, however, said they were waiting for the CRPF report. “We are yet to receive the CRPF report,” Bastar IG SRP Kalluri said.
Interestingly, while 15 securitymen had died in the ambush, the Maoists snatched 18 rifles indicating that those who survived could not even manage to save their weapons.
Six AK-47s, some of which were fitted with under barrel grenade launchers, 18 magazines of the same rifles, one light machine gun with 10 magazines, nine INSAS rifles with 30 magazines, two SLRs with six magazines and two wireless sets were looted — sufficient to raise a company of the Maoists.

Vodafone to launch UK mobile paymentsSeptember 7, 2014 1:33 pm
Vodafone to launch UK mobile payments
By Daniel Thomas, Telecoms Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b7629432-345a-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Spectrum auction: Trai told to suggest reserve priceSpectrum auction: Trai told to suggest reserve price
Serious Fraud OfficeAlstom unit paid $8.5 m bribes to win contracts
Sep 10, 2014 at 08:23 | Source: Reuters
Alstom Network UK, which was charged with six offences of corruption and conspiracy to corrupt in July, allegedly paid bribes to win train infrastructure orders for the Delhi Metro and tram and infrastructure deals in Warsaw and Tunis between 2000 and 2006
Govt gets SFIO report on Saradha scam; prosecution soon
Sep 09, 2014 at 15:14 | Source: PTI
The scam, wherein lakhs of investors in West Bengal and neighbouring states were defrauded of thousands of crores through illegal money pooling activities, came to light early last year and has also had its political ramifications.
UK fraud office probes GSK after claims of foreign bribery
May 28, 2014 at 15:58 | Source: Reuters
"GSK is committed to operating its business to the highest ethical standards and will continue to cooperate fully with the SFO," Britain's biggest drugmaker said.
SFIO seeks more time for Saradha scam final probe report
Feb 23, 2014 at 12:52 | Source: PTI
The Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO) has sought more time to submit its final report on the chit funds scam perpetrated by Saradha and other firms.
'Inquire retired coal min officers joining pvt cos'
Feb 07, 2014 at 21:22 | Source: PTI
Officers of the Coal Ministry and public sector units, who were connected with the allotment of coal blocks, joining private mining companies after retirement raises serious doubts over their being impartial when they were associated with the process of allotment of coal blocks, Par panel said.
Govt starts prosecution proceedings in Reebok fraud case
Dec 30, 2013 at 11:57 | Source: PTI
In its FIR filed with police last year, Reebok had alleged financial fraud to the tune of Rs 870 crore at the company by certain persons including senior executives of its India arm.
Mauritius to set up Serious Fraud Office
Nov 13, 2013 at 18:19 | Source: PTI
The island nation with a significant Indian-origin population has also proposed to set up a Coordination Committee among all agencies combating financial crime. In another apparent takeaway from Indian regulations, Mauritius has asked resident societies in its country to spend 2 per cent of their profits on social welfare activities.
MCA consults Law Ministry on Reebok fraud case
Oct 18, 2013 at 22:27 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The Serious Fraud Investigation (SFI) office in a report had concluded that two former executives of Reebok India, Prem and Bhagat had committed conspiracy and fudged sales numbers and painting a false, rosy picture of the affairs at Reebok India.
MCA orders inspection of accounts of FT, MCX & NSEL
Oct 03, 2013 at 10:23 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Sachin Pilot had indicated that they had sought an enquiry report from the Registrar of Companies and on the basis of that report, this inspection has been ordered under Section 209(A) of the Companies Act
MCA seeks SFIO probe status on Tata-Unitech deal
Sep 30, 2013 at 19:14 | Source: PTI
The SFIO (Serious Fraud Investigation Office) probe was ordered by the Ministry last year into the affairs of Niira Radia-led PR firm Vaishnavi, which used to handle media relations of various Tata group firms and Unitech.
Alstom unit paid $8.5 m bribes to win contracts
Sep 10, 2014 at 08:23 | Source: Reuters
Alstom Network UK, which was charged with six offences of corruption and conspiracy to corrupt in July, allegedly paid bribes to win train infrastructure orders for the Delhi Metro and tram and infrastructure deals in Warsaw and Tunis between 2000 and 2006
Govt gets SFIO report on Saradha scam; prosecution soon
Sep 09, 2014 at 15:14 | Source: PTI
The scam, wherein lakhs of investors in West Bengal and neighbouring states were defrauded of thousands of crores through illegal money pooling activities, came to light early last year and has also had its political ramifications.
UK fraud office probes GSK after claims of foreign bribery
May 28, 2014 at 15:58 | Source: Reuters
"GSK is committed to operating its business to the highest ethical standards and will continue to cooperate fully with the SFO," Britain's biggest drugmaker said.
SFIO seeks more time for Saradha scam final probe report
Feb 23, 2014 at 12:52 | Source: PTI
The Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO) has sought more time to submit its final report on the chit funds scam perpetrated by Saradha and other firms.
'Inquire retired coal min officers joining pvt cos'
Feb 07, 2014 at 21:22 | Source: PTI
Officers of the Coal Ministry and public sector units, who were connected with the allotment of coal blocks, joining private mining companies after retirement raises serious doubts over their being impartial when they were associated with the process of allotment of coal blocks, Par panel said.
Govt starts prosecution proceedings in Reebok fraud case
Dec 30, 2013 at 11:57 | Source: PTI
In its FIR filed with police last year, Reebok had alleged financial fraud to the tune of Rs 870 crore at the company by certain persons including senior executives of its India arm.
Mauritius to set up Serious Fraud Office
Nov 13, 2013 at 18:19 | Source: PTI
The island nation with a significant Indian-origin population has also proposed to set up a Coordination Committee among all agencies combating financial crime. In another apparent takeaway from Indian regulations, Mauritius has asked resident societies in its country to spend 2 per cent of their profits on social welfare activities.
MCA consults Law Ministry on Reebok fraud case
Oct 18, 2013 at 22:27 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The Serious Fraud Investigation (SFI) office in a report had concluded that two former executives of Reebok India, Prem and Bhagat had committed conspiracy and fudged sales numbers and painting a false, rosy picture of the affairs at Reebok India.
MCA orders inspection of accounts of FT, MCX & NSEL
Oct 03, 2013 at 10:23 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Sachin Pilot had indicated that they had sought an enquiry report from the Registrar of Companies and on the basis of that report, this inspection has been ordered under Section 209(A) of the Companies Act
MCA seeks SFIO probe status on Tata-Unitech deal
Sep 30, 2013 at 19:14 | Source: PTI
The SFIO (Serious Fraud Investigation Office) probe was ordered by the Ministry last year into the affairs of Niira Radia-led PR firm Vaishnavi, which used to handle media relations of various Tata group firms and Unitech.
Videos »

Ready to fly  Vistara poaches key men from IndiGo  JetLiteApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Satyam scam: B Ramalinga Raju  others move SAT against disgorgement orderSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

In BJP chiefs Bengal plan  youth to play crucial role  get securityPrint
Written by Arshad Ali | Kolkata | Posted: September 8, 2014 1:24 am
Amit Shah began his second and final day of the West Bengal tour Sunday by visiting Dakshineshwar Kali temple and then paid homage at Syama Prasad Mookerjee’s statue on Red Road. Shah then chaired the party’s state committee meeting, attended by nearly 200 members.
At the meeting, Shah, who has taken the coming bypolls on two seats and the 2016 Assembly elections as a “challenge”, focused on two things: the party workers must strengthen the state unit starting with the booth level and they should get adequate security.
Senior leaders present at the meeting said the youth brigade would be given more impetus in the coming days.
“Shah said there should be at least four young workers in each of the 77,000 booths across Bengal. The party in return will look into their security so that they are not left alone in case they are attacked,” said Bikram Sarkar, a former bureaucrat and MP who joined the BJP before the Lok Sabha polls earlier this year.
About the issues that the party would take up to corner the TMC, Sarkar, quoting Shah, said, “The multicrore Saradha scam is one of the biggest scams under the ruling party’s watch and the BJP sees it as a big opportunity to convert it into votes in its favour”.
“He advised the state unit to draw maximum out of this opportunity and once we have managed to free Bengal from the TMC, we should keep in mind not to fall prey to the same mistakes that they did,” Sarkar said.

In Saradha  Shah sees an opportunityBJP president Amit Shah at the Dakshineshwar Kali temple on Sunday. ( Source: Express photo by Partha Paul )
Written by Arshad Ali | Kolkata | Posted: September 8, 2014 1:23 am
BJP president Amit Shah Sunday came down heavily on West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee over the multicrore Saradha chit fund scam. “This (Saradha scam) will bring down the government here,” he said while giving a call for a “second poribartan” in the 2016 Assembly elections.
Shah was addressing a rally at Bowbazzar in Kolkata for the bypoll candidate of Chowringhee seat. This is his first visit to the state after taking over the party’s reins.
On Saturday, suspended Trinamool Congress MP Kunal Ghosh, who is in CBI custody in connection with the scam, delivered a blow to the Chief Minister when he had shouted out to reporters that it was Mamata Banerjee who has benefited the most from Saradha Media. Earlier, in the court, he had said he should be interrogated along with Mamata.
Taking a dig at Mamata and claiming that her associates were neck deep in the scam, Shah said: “Mamata Banerjee captured the Writers’ Buildings during her land movement of Nandigram and Singur. She had gone on a hunger strike but she is silent when about 17 lakh people have lost their money in the Saradha scam. This is because her ministers and other leaders are involved in the scam and have benefited from it.”
Charging that Mamata only indulged in appeasement of minorities, he said the Trinamool government should step down if it cannot manage the state.
“People have seen through your antics. If you think you cannot bring about good governance in the state, you may step down and let us do the job. We will show you how to bring about growth and development here, just like the way we have done in other BJP-ruled states.”
Shah was all praise for the Prime minister who, he said, has strengthened the country and is ushering in development in just 100 days.
He said the reverse countdown has begun for the Trinamool government. “We have got only two MPs here but more impressive was the 17 per cent vote which we secured.”
Raising the issue of Bangladeshi immigrants, he said: “Didi is more concerned about Bangladeshi immigrants… There had been a rise in their number by 5 per cent, this is eating into the opportunities of the youth here.”
Calling upon the people to vote for the BJP in the upcoming bypolls, he said it was time that people questioned the Chief Minister.
“Let us begin with the bypolls, we will continue it during the municipal elections 2015, and the final would be during the Assembly elections in 2016.”

Tragedy thaws India-Pak chill  both reach outPrint
Written by Shubhajit Roy | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 1:21 am | Updated: September 8, 2014 1:21 pm
Faced with the task of carrying out rescue operations in both sides of Kashmir, India and Pakistan on Sunday reached out to each other and offered help.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who visited the flood-hit state on Sunday, wrote to his Pakistan counterpart Nawaz Sharif, offering assistance in relief efforts.
Saying he had been told that “the damage to life and property was equally, if not more, severe in areas across the Line of Control (LoC),” Modi wrote, “My heart goes out to the affected people and my deepest sympathies are with them and their families. In this hour of need, I offer any assistance that you may need in the relief efforts that will be undertaken by the government of Pakistan. Our resources are at your disposal wherever you need them.”
The letter was delivered by the Indian High Commission in Islamabad. Stating that it was “a matter of great distress”, Modi noted that the “devastation caused by the record rains and the consequent flooding is unprecedented”.
Earlier in the day, during his visit to J&K, Modi also expressed anguish over the loss of lives and widespread damage in Pakistan-occupied-Kashmir (PoK). “A lot of damage has taken place in PoK also, and India is ready to provide any humanitarian assistance in this hour of distress. Whatever assistance it requires, India will not lag behind,” he said.
Within hours of Modi’s offer, the Pakistan government said Islamabad too was ready to help India in rescue and relief operations.
“Our Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif did aerial survey of Azad Kashmir (PoK) and other flood-hit areas… Our rescue and relief operations are proceeding effectively,” the Pakistan Foreign Ministry spokesperson said.
“The people of Pakistan are also feeling pain and saddened over the loss of lives and properties of the people in IoK (India-occupied Kashmir) and are with them and ready to help in whatever way possible to mitigate their sufferings caused by the heavy floods,” the spokesperson said.
Pakistan’s response is being seen as an attempt to reach out to New Delhi. The relations between the two countries have been under strain after India called off the Foreign Secretary-level talks scheduled for August 25.

First-time buyers drive up car salesThe Wagon-R posted an all-time high sales of 17,000 units in June. Source: Express photo.
Written by Anil Sasi | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 1:33 am
For the auto sector, a rebound in consumer sentiment visible over the last couple of months has a silver lining — first-time buyers. The country’s top two carmakers — Maruti Suzuki and Hyundai Motors — are both seeing sales being driven by those buying their first car, with Maruti’s percentage of first-time buyers up sharply from 39 per cent in the first quarter of last year to 43 per cent during April-June this fiscal.
Sales of Maruti’s entry level cars saw considerable movement, with the Alto sales picking up sharply since April and the Wagon-R posting an all-time high sales of 17,000 units in June.
Hyundai Motors, the country’s second largest carmaker, has also corroborated the trend. “The entry segment is clearly seeing traction… especially those wanting to upgrade from two-wheelers to four wheelers, apart from customers wanting to exchange used cards for new entry cars. This is largely on account of stability on both interest rates and fuel prices,” Hyundai’s senior vice president, sales and marketing, Rakesh Srivastava told The Indian Express.
Srivastava said that while he was not in a position to share the disaggregated sales numbers for Hyundai, the trend involving a surge in sales driven by first-time buyers has led to a sharp increase in sales of its entry-level Eon hatchback in the urban areas and both the Santro and the i10 in rural parts.
C V Raman, Maruti Suzuki’s R&D head and executive officer (engineering), said while the extension of excise duty benefit and higher levels of sales promotion expenditure by the car major have helped stoke demand, the underlying factor for the boost in sales of entry level cars is the visible optimism with regard to the nascent economic recovery. “The uptick is clearly visible, especially in the entry-level performance,” Raman said.
Mayank Pareek, chief operating officer (marketing and sales), Maruti Suzuki, said that while the company, on an average, had been getting about 5.5 lakh inquiries a month (including showrooms, over the phone and the web), conversion of this into actual sales had not been happening earlier. “The first-time buyer is more defensive. But now, clearly, there is a distinct improvement in sentiment,” he said.
The improvement in overall sentiment at the customer level is reflected in Maruti’s decision to effect progressive cuts in discounts offered on its cars since the start of this fiscal. As against average discounts of Rs 21,000 per unit offered during the first quarter, the July discount was down to 20,000, in August 18,000, and is expected to be down to Rs 16,000 per unit this month.
During the first quarter this fiscal, while passenger vehicle sales in India, excluding Maruti Suzuki, declined by 4.8 per cent, the sales recorded by the company — which specialises in the small-car segment and is the most continued…

Sheila to head Cong panel on Nehrus 125th birth anniv celebrationsPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 1:26 am
Days after she demitted the office of Governor, former Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit is back to active politics. The veteran will head a group formed by the Congress to implement party programmes related to Jawaharlal Nehru’s 125th birth anniversary celebrations.
The Congress’s move to celebrate the birth anniversary of India’s first prime minister comes at a time when there is uncertainty over whether the BJP-led NDA government would go ahead with the plans made by the previous UPA government to celebrate the occasion.
The UPA government had planned a slew of programmes to mark the occasion and had set up a national committee headed by the then prime minister Manmohan Singh to chalk out the programmes and activities.
The Congress feels Nehruvian legacy is increasingly under attack and cite the government’s decision to scrap the Planning Commission as the latest instance. The party would have commemorated the birth anniversary, but now it plans to do it in a big way.
Former Union minister Mukul Wasnik is the convener of the five-member group which Dikshit will head. The other members are Anand Sharma, Mohan Gopal and Jairam Ramesh.
While she is said to be not keen to return to Delhi politics, Dikshit — a three-time chief minister of Delhi — could get a larger role at the AICC in the reshuffle expected after the Assembly elections.

22 would not have died in pipeline blast had GAIL installed safety features as it had promised: Probe reportPrint
The fire after the pipeline blast in Nagaram.Source: PTI
Written by Amitav Ranjan | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 1:25 am | Updated: September 8, 2014 1:28 pm
Twenty-two people would not have lost their lives in the Nagaram pipeline blast in June if GAIL India had installed the safety features as promised to the Chief Controller of Explosives (CCOE) while seeking his approval for the project in July 2001, says the government enquiry report on the incident.
In the application submitted to CCOE on July 24, 2001, GAIL committed to set up a gas dehydration unit (GDU) at the start of the pipeline at Tatipaka to strip water and condensate from “wet” natural gas so as to prevent pipeline corrosion and leakage of inflammable condensate and gas in the open.
But it did not set up the GDU at Tatipaka, as committed while seeking CCOE permission under Manufacture, Storage & Transportation of Hazardous Chemical Rules of 1989.
“GAIL has apparently flouted the declaration to the statutory authority as well as the declared design basis by not providing GDU at Tatipaka and Mori. Absence of GDU contributed to increasing the internal corrosion rate in the pipeline,” says the report received by the Home Ministry on Thursday.
“Pipeline was designed on the basis of handling dry natural gas. However, it was being regularly used for transportation of wet gas without taking any additional precautionary measures. Wet gas contains free water, carbon dioxide, sulphur etc which induced internal corrosion in the pipeline,” it says.
The enquiry committee’s finding is that the explosion, followed by a major fire, was due to leakage of condensate and gas which was probably continuing from the night before the incident. The condensate formed vapour cloud with gas pockets, and triggered a major fire when a tea vendor lighted the stove.
“The fire flashed back to the source of leak i.e. at pipe near to the canal, resulting in the bursting and ripping away of the pipe and leading to leakage of huge quantity of hydrocarbon from the pipeline, thereby increasing the intensity of the fire,” says the probe report.
“Internal incident report of GAIL also suggests that line has been leaking due to internal corrosion because of presence of condensate in the line,” it says. Corrosion and leaks were a regular affair and the section between Tatipaka and chainage 5.8 km experienced seven leaks in last two years.
But GAIL persisted in operating this line with wet gas, despite being aware of the leaks, and resorted to makeshift repairs by small contractors who would weld clamps, sleeves or pads to cover the leaks. “No inspection was carried out in spite of repeated leaks,” says the report.
The “lapses observed” section says the “inadequate systems/ approach of GAIL in undertaking repeated repair of these high pressure lines by following temporary measures with the help of clamps/ sleeves/ pads was a factor in this accident”.
GAIL’s lack of concern was despite a September 2010 survey which found debris within the pipeline indicating that corrosion continued…

Germany  India strategic partners with excellent economic relationsUpdated: September 7, 2014 02:05 IST
‘Germany, India strategic partners with excellent economic relations’
Suhasini Haidar
AP German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier.
TOPICS
summit
Interview with Dr. Frank-Walter Steinmeier, German Foreign Minister to The Hindu
This is the first real engagement between the new Indian and German governments. Give us a sense as to why the meeting between PM Modi and German top leadership could not take place when he landed in Berlin on his way to BRICS. There are differing reports.
Prime Minister Modi fully understood that the Chancellor was keen to be present in Rio to support the German football team in the World Cup final. The Chancellor’s trip to Rio meant it was not possible to have talks during the Prime Minister’s stopover in Berlin. However, Chancellor Merkel had a very amicable and productive telephone conversation with the Prime Minister on 17 July – her 60th birthday, during which they agreed to meet in person soon. My current three day visit and the large delegation accompanying me also underscore the importance of our relations.
Please tell us what you hope to achieve from your visit to New Delhi, and what are the possibilities of Indo German cooperation with the new NDA government in India?
Germany and India are strategic partners with excellent economic relations and numerous common interests. We want to make good headway until the next intergovernmental consultations next year by tackling and looking closely at a whole host of issues connected to our cooperation. These include our economic relations, as well as issues relating to vocational training and infrastructure projects, renewable energy or the remedying of environmental damage, especially in river basins. Germany has much to offer in these spheres. Furthermore, I am looking forward to experiencing at first hand the mood of economic upswing in your country which I have heard so much about.
There are also reports that Germany has offered better terms to India for the MMRCA fighter aircraft deal, in case the deal for the Rafale aircraft is not completed. How hopeful are you that India will rethink the deal?
We believe that the Eurofighter Typhoon consortium has made a good offer, and we support it. At the same time, however, we respect the Indian Government’s right to make a sovereign decision in this matter.
Apart from bilateral issues, what are the global issues you hope to engage Ms. Swaraj and PM Modi about? In particular, you have just been to Erbil and spoken about German cooperation to the US on a coalition to help arm Kurds and to defeat ISIS …. what kind of role would you like India to play?
Naturally, a strategic partnership requires close coordination in the foreign policy field. During my visit, I will therefore have an exchange with my interlocutors on many different foreign policy issues; these will include lasting peace in Afghanistan, as well as current crises, such as those in Ukraine and Iraq. And, last but not least, our joint efforts to bring about United Nations reform.
Germany has been a key member of ISAF in Afghanistan. As international forces prepare to pull out, how worried are you about the security situation there, and do you think India should accept the Afghan government’s request for more lethal hardware and transport vehicles to assist their army?
The Afghan National Security Forces (ANSF) are already in charge of combat operations across the country. By the end of the year, they will have assumed full responsibility for their country’s security. ANSF have faced challenges, but they have proven they are capable of providing security for the Afghan people, for example by successfully ensuring security during two national elections. After the end of the ISAF mission, a new mission – “Resolute Support” – will provide training, advice and assistance. The ANSF need further support with equipment as well. Afghanistan will continue to need considerable support from the international community for the foreseeable future. It is in our common interest that a new president is appointed and a new government formed as soon as possible and that they cooperate closely with the international community.
Finally, later this month, PM Modi will travel to the UNGA for the first time … how confident are you of a UN security council reform that would enable countries like Germany and India to be permanent members? How do you hope to coordinate in this effort?
Security Council reform is indeed an important issue and we are working on it together with India, as well as with our other G4 partners Japan and Brazil. The Security Council no longer reflects today’s geopolitical realities. Without reform, its credibility is in danger of being further eroded. Therefore, we believe that 2015 – 70 years after the founding of the UN and 10 years after the last reform – could be the right time to move forward. Germany, India and their G4 partners, together with other reform minded countries, will continue to push for comprehensive reform. In this regard, I also look forward to our next G4 meeting at ministerial level, scheduled to take place during the General Assembly in September in New York.

UK wades into BP fight over US finesSeptember 7, 2014 9:00 pm
UK wades into BP fight over US payouts
By Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ea751c16-3507-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bull  bear collision likely in 2015  Scottrade surveyBull run collision with correction likely in 2015: Scottrade survey
By: Adam Shell September 5, 2014 8:13 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Wall Street always voices its opinions on when the bull market will peter out. So what do ordinary investors think?
Well, 56% of clients recently polled by online brokerage Scottrade feel the bull will chug on at least into 2015.
The flip side of that, of course, is that they, too, just like the pros, think a correction, or market downturn, is coming. When? More than a quarter, or 27%, of the 1,270 clients that responded to the survey, said they think a “correction will hit” two months down the road and by the end of this year. Another 29% said a pullback of 10% or  more will come sometime in 2015.
No bull market lives forever, even super strong ones like the one that began in March 2009, which has pushed the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index up almost 200% and to record highs. But as the current bull extends deeper into its fifth year and the gains add up, investors that trade online with Scottrade have become increasingly confident about the state of their investments in the near term — but remain somewhat wary of what is to come longer term.
More than nine out of 10 (92%) of the respondents said they were “somewhat optimistic” or “very optimistic” about their investments, according to the Scottrade survey, which was conducted online July 17-31.
And their level of optimism has gone up — along with the stock market — in the past six months. More than six out of 10, or 62%,  said they were “more optimistic” about their investments than they were six months ago.
Investor optimism has been rising the past six months, according to a survey of clients by Scottrade.
Brian Bachelier, vice president of active trading at Scottrade, says he’s not surprised that investor optimism has been rising.
“Even though the bull is aging there is still opportunities to be found,” he told USA TODAY.  “(Clients) still feel there is room (for the market) to grow.”
Asked how long they feel the bull market will last…
* 3% said less than a  month
* 7% said one to two more months
* 17% said more than two months and through the end of the year
* 28% said sometime in 2015
* 11% said beyond 2015
* 33 said they didn’t know
And while the Scottrade clients’ optimism is on the rise, it is far from irrationally exuberant, witnessed by the 27% who said they think a correction will hit by the end of 2014 and the 29% who said a 10% drop is likely sometime in 2015, according to the survey results.
Investor sentiment, of course, is used as a contrarian market indicator. When people are overly optimistic about the market’s prospects, that’s actually a bearish sign. When folks are overly pessimistic, that’s actually a good thing, as the market often “climbs a wall of worry.” Right now, clients surveyed by Scottrade are pretty much in the middle.
“It’s safe to say we are not at an extreme one way or the other,” says Bachelier. They’re not behaving as if it is “a raging bull or a cliff we are about to jump off of tomorrow.”
They key, Bachelier says, is for investors to have an investing plan in place to deal with any market outcome.
“They should always be prepared for what the market brings,” he says, adding that many investors have been successful in using market dips to get into the market at better prices.
 

The Top 5 Questions to Ask When Leasing Office Spacereddit
Whether you're moving from a shared office, home office or local coffee shop, finding the ideal space for your growing business can be a daunting task, even if you've been through the office search process before. While owning an office space carries certain benefits, many businesses enjoy the flexibility afforded by a lease, which makes it easier to scale up or down in square footage if your company's needs ever change. In order to make your office search as efficient as possible and ensure you get the most out of your space, it's important to ask these five questions before getting started:
1. How much space do I need?
The first step to any office search should be determining how much space your business actually needs. During the recession, companies of all sizes cut costs by reducing their overall footprint, a move that led many employers to discover just how much unused and underutilized space they were paying for. As economic conditions improved, businesses began adding employees but many were slow to add square footage, instead opting to fit more people into less space.
While there's no exact science to determining how much space your company should lease, a good rule of thumb is 140 to 150 square feet per employee, a number that has decreased in recent years. You can also use the following averages to estimate how much square footage your business will require:
President's office: 250+ square feet
Vice president's office: 175-200 square feet
Staff office: 140-150 square feet
Staff workstation/cubicle: 85 square feet
Conference room: 25-30 square feet (per person)
You'll also want to account for common spaces like a receptionist desk and waiting area; a kitchen; file and mail rooms; hallways; closets; and any other spaces your company will need for day-to-day operations. If you're planning to bring on new employees in the coming months, make sure you factor that into your square footage calculation.
2. Where should I look?
Once you have a better sense of how much space you'll need, it's time to figure out the best location for your business. If you're an established company and are simply looking to upgrade your space, it may be beneficial to stay in the same general area to avoid inconveniencing your clients and employees. If you're a new business or are unhappy with your existing location, there are several factors to consider:
Demographics: Who are your target customers and employees and where do they live? If the answer is downtown and you're looking at space in the suburbs, you may want to expand your search to the city to avoid inconveniencing customers and employees. Cheap rent in the suburbs won't help your bottom line if it's at the expense of losing good staff and clients.
Accessibility: How easy - or difficult - is it for people to reach you? Access to public transportation and major thoroughfares can make or break a business, so it's important to choose an office that has one or the other (or, ideally, both).
Visibility: How will people know you exist? If you want your business to be seen, look for a location with plenty of foot traffic as well as interior and exterior signage.
Competition: Who are your competitors and where are they located? Some businesses, including many retailers, benefit from being in proximity to each other, even if they offer similar products and services. While this doesn't carry over to every industry, consider whether moving near your biggest rivals would help or hurt your business. If they've been successful in a particular location, chances are there's a reason they've selected it.
3. How should I find it?
Even after determining which neighborhood or street is best for your business and estimating how much space you need, it can be difficult to narrow down your shortlist. One solution is working with a commercial broker familiar with your business and the existing options in the local real estate market. Because tenant reps are paid by the landlord, not the tenant, their services are free to the companies that use them to find and secure a new office. If you're a small law firm, for example, you should work with a broker who specializes in law offices under 10,000 square feet. Those brokers know exactly what exists in your space, unlike tenant reps who work with larger companies. Other benefits include:
Saved time: Researching the market and negotiating with a landlord can be a full-time job in and of itself. Working with a broker allows you to get better results without being pulled away from the day-to-day operations of your business.
Saved money: In addition to the value of your time, a tenant rep can save you thousands of dollars at the negotiating table, allowing you to minimize cost and maximize flexibility.
Saved headaches: Because they can assist with lease renewals and future moves, tenant reps have an incentive to make sure you're satisfied with your space. If issues arise with your landlord, your broker can act as your first line of defense.
4. How do I set up my office?
The way you set up and outfit your office space can have a big impact on the success of your company. The layout and décor help set the tone of your company culture and have a direct impact on your employees' productivity. Two important questions to consider when setting up your office are:
What image do I want to portray to employees, customers and competitors? The look and feel of your office helps shape people's perceptions of your company, so be sure their first impression is a good one. Your office space should be an extension of your brand and reflect your company culture. Simple things like where to put your business name or logo and what color of paint to use may seem trivial, but they can have a powerful psychological impact on customers and employees. Also, consider the type of furniture and equipment you purchase for your office. For example, if your computers are out of date, it will make it harder for your employees to be productive. Likewise, if you have old furniture with nicks and scratches or not enough storage space to keep your office organized and looking neat, your clients may wonder if you will give them the proper care and attention.
How can I incorporate the needs of my workers into the design? Setting up your office space does not just entail buying or renting furniture. Because employees spend a significant amount of time in the office, it's important to provide a layout and design that makes them feel comfortable and encourages collaboration and good working habits.
5. How do I manage it?
Now that you have your office set up, how do you keep it running smoothly on a daily basis? You might want to consider outsourcing tasks that are essential to running the office but are not the focus of your business. Doing so will give you more time to focus on your core business without getting bogged down with the day-to-day activities that come with running an office. Types of tasks to consider outsourcing include:
Jobs that can be done more efficiently and cost effectively by another company/business: Some of the most common tasks that businesses tend to outsource are payroll, data entry, accounts payable and phone answering services. Outsourcing these types of commoditized activities can help save you and your company time and money.
Jobs that require executive-level expertise not fundamental to your business: As with most small businesses, you and a number of your employees may wear many different hats. Even though you may not have a budget for a full-time marketing executive or CFO you still might want to consider using expert freelancers who could devote a few hours a month to ensure your company is on the right track.
Jobs that require specialized knowledge: With how quickly technology is changing, it can be hard for anyone who isn't dedicated to IT to keep up-to-date on the technology your business needs to grow. By outsourcing IT, you can gain an army of knowledgeable IT professionals who can ensure your technology is meeting the needs of your business and will provide the support you need to keep your business up and running in today's digital world.
- - -
Frank Chalupa is president and co-founder of Amata Office Centers, Chicago's largest privately owned office suites provider. Founded in 2002, Amata offers an array of full- and part-time office solutions to businesses of all sizes. For more information, visit www.amataoffices.com .
Follow Frank Chalupa on Twitter: www.twitter.com/AmataOffices
More:

Making a Difference Through Bond InvestingAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Pressure on teen girls for  nude selfies  becomes dating normExperts have claimed that the pressure put on young girls to provide sexually explicit photos by boys has recently become a dating norm.
Sexting among kids a modern day courtship. (Getty)
Also read: Season's new phones are all about selfies
Cyber safety expert Susan McLean said that every week one or more girls had told her that they feel pressure to reciprocate (photos sent by boys) and send their photos, the Daily Telegraph reported.
Lecturer Melinda Tankard Reist said that girls, aged 12 and 13 year, were getting requests from boys for sexually explicit photos and the level of blackmail was terrible, like starting a sexual rumour about the girl or pasting her screen-captured snap on a naked woman.
Also read: 'Sexting' teens 6 times more likely to be sexually active
Reist added that it was all part of the pornification of society and the sexualisation of girls and it was unfair to expect girls to provide these services to boys due to pressure.
Child psychologist Michael Carr Gregg said that the nude selfie was in essence part of the courtship process of the young generation, where youngsters at the age of 15 get to the point where they exchange nude pictures in a relationship.

Big-picture reforms will take time  says RajanBig-picture reforms will take time  says Rajan
ONGC to produce 20 mmscmd of gas from KG basin by 2018ONGC to produce 20 mmscmd of gas from KG basin by 2018
Birla Cellulose sees a big surge in India s market for wet wipesBirla Cellulose sees a big surge in India s market for wet wipes
Jet Airways launches two discount offersJet Airways launches two discount offers
Satyam scam: Raju moves SAT against disgorgement orderSatyam scam: Raju moves SAT against disgorgement order
No quick fix for coal supply crisis - ministerNo quick fix for coal supply crisis - minister
MyNoticePeriod raises Rs 2 croreBS Reporter |  Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 12:40 AM IST
MyNoticePeriod raises Rs 2 crore
Recruitment portal MyNoticePeriod, founded by former Yahoo employees, Manjunath Talwar and Abhijeet Khasnis, has raised Rs 2 crore in a seed round of funding led by IDG Ventures. As a result, Venkatesh Peddi, vice president, IDG Ventures India, will join the company's board of directors. Other investors include Prashant Kirtane, chief technology officer - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia and co-founder of travelmob.com, Shamsunder Talreja, owner of JetSet Capital, Raghu Krishnananda, former Yaho
Recruitment portal MyNoticePeriod, founded by former Yahoo employees, Manjunath Talwar and Abhijeet Khasnis, has raised Rs 2 crore in a seed round of funding led by IDG Ventures. As a result, Venkatesh Peddi, vice president, IDG Ventures India, will join the company's board of directors. Other investors include Prashant Kirtane, chief technology officer - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia and co-founder of travelmob.com, Shamsunder Talreja, owner of JetSet Capital, Raghu Krishnananda, former Yahoo engineering leader, and Ravi Gururaj of Frictionless Ventures. The company plans to use the money to hire people, scale-up technology and develop a mobile application to enhance its user experience.
ItzCash raises under $15 mn
Mumbai-based ItzCash Card Ltd, a provider of pre-paid card and payment solutions, has raised under $15 million in funding from a group of unnamed strategic Asian investors, reports VCCircle. It had raised $10.3 million in funding from Matrix Partners, Intel Capital and Lightspeed Venture Partners in July 2009.
Culture Machine raises $3.5 mn
Culture Machine Media, a Mumbai-based start-up that creates digital video programmes has raised a Series A round of funding from technology-focused private equity firm Zodius Capital. The company did not disclose the amount, but news reports pegged the funds raised at $3.5 million.
iTiffin raises $1 million
Bangalore-based iTiffin Inc, which runs online tiffin service venture iTiffin.in, has raised $1 million from a large Indian family office in a seed round, reports VCCircle. The one-year-old start-up, which provides tiffin based on defined calorie count requirement, will use the money to increase operational efficiencies, set up 10 retail centres, and venture into the midnight snack segment.
If you have any information to share, please write to bsreporter@bsmail.in
 Advertisements

A fathers death draws Army to stranded sonPrint
Written by Pranav Kulkarni | Srinagar | Posted: September 8, 2014 2:07 am
Umama Burza had got married at Hotel Heritage at Srinagar’s Shivpura Saturday. It was 4 am Sunday when the 120 guests and hosts, who had partied all night, realised that their beds were surrounded by water. Within minutes, they were on the rooftop.
Across the city, people were on the rooftops of several houses and hotels as the water flooded up to two storeys, having started entering the buildings at 2.30 am. It entered even the houses of about 150 rescuers of the Army at Badami Baug Cantonment.
With cellphone networks down, what brought the wedding party on the Army’s rescue radar was a tragedy. “We received a call from Delhi that a retired general officer had passed away of a heart attack when he learnt that his son, who was in the marriage party, was stranded in the flood,” said Sir Colonel Arun Awasthy, commanding officer of 7 Rashtriya Rifles. The rescue team brought the Delhi youth along with the 120 others to the relief camp, but has not told him of his father’s death.
At least seven boats travelled the waters 10 to 20 feet deep, evacuating children, women, the elderly and the ill. From the rooftops, people whistled and shouted to attract their attention and showed the faces of crying children and the ailing elderly. The boats travelled at the level of treetops and at places got entangled in electric cables.
“We will rescue you soon. You are fine. We are going to those who need immediate help,” the Army teams kept telling the crowds, while coming across one poignant tale after another.
Rano Ratan, 85, wife of a late colonel, was in her house Saturday when her domestic staff told her to move to the upper floor. On Sunday, the Army recovered Ratan’s swollen body. “When she refused to move, the staff left the house. She was old and asthmatic,” said Meena Khanna, a neighbour who stood alongside her weeping daughter-in-law.
The Army brought about at least one reunion. Vandana Shah, 65, of Mumbai was in a Srinagar hotel. “I got into a boat and got separated from my husband. I kept telling the Army that my husband has been left behind,” she said, unsure if the Army would find the time to go back and bring him back. Hours later, the boats did go back and one of them brought back the elderly Rashmikant Shah to his tearful wife.

Riverbank where homes vanishedRiyaz with his family in Jammu’s Belicharna. Source: Arun Sharma
Written by Arun Sharma | Belicharna | Posted: September 8, 2014 2:03 am
Mohammad Riyaz, 35, is bedridden, now in a neighbour’s house, with multiple fractures in his leg, while his eight-year-old nephew Waseem walks the banks of river Tawi looking for any possible trace of his uncle’s house which was washed away along with nearly three dozen others.
“There is now water all over the area which once was a colony with pucca houses,” says Waseem, who was rescued along with his family by his elder brother Mohammad Saleem and brother-in-law Khalid. “After reaching this safer place, I looked back but there was no trace of my house.”
Riyaz, who sustained the fractures in a road accident three months ago, and his family are now in a small room provided by a neighbour, Mohammad Azam. “We hadn’t the time to bring anything with us,” his wife Yasmeen says. Even the clothes they are wearing have been provided by neighbours.
Relatives have brought rations. “No one from the government has visited us yet,” she says.
Riyaz, a welder, had shifted to Jammu from Surankote area of Poonch when militancy peaked there and young men his then age were being forcibly recruited. Once he settled in Jammu, he married Yasmeen and they have had two daughters followed by two sons, the four now aged 13 to 5. “Our school bags too have been washed away,” says Shabana, 12.
Waseem’s brother Saleem says, “After Saturday’s morning namaz at a mosque, I saw the swollen Tawi and immediately went on my scooter to Beli Charana, fearing the floodwaters may have entered Riyaz’s s house as it was in a low lying area.” Khalid, who followed him, says, “Riyaz and his family were still in the house and initially reluctant to leave. We brought them out forcibly and had hardly reached a higher, open space when a strong wave came and swept away their house and others.”
Riyaz had bought land some eight years ago and built the house. “Now we have no option but to move back to a rented house,” he says.
Over two dozen others including government officials have seen their houses washed away. All of them had settled in the area in the last eight to 15 years after buying the land from Gurjjars already settled there.
The area was initially part of the riverbed, then separated with the construction of a protection bund over the last few years. “The bund was raised with stones crates but was washed away like a sand wall in the floods,” says Mohammad Rafi, an MA student in Jammu University, who too lost his house.
Feroz Din, 50, spent the Saturday night in a government school at Satwari. He returned to Belicharana with his family on Sunday morning but found no trace of their home.

Flooded with SOS calls  officials in Srinagar throw up their handsPrint
Written by Bashaarat Masood , Adil Akhzer | Srinagar | Posted: September 8, 2014 1:57 am
For the last few days, the state government has been publicising some helpline numbers, assuring people that rescue teams are readily available. But the ground situation belies that claim, with official rescue teams missing and residents being the only source of help for those who are stranded.
Even as the water level of the Jhelum crossed the danger mark, there was no warning from the government. Early on Sunday morning, the river breached the embankment, flooding Residency Road, which is the city’s lifeline, parts of Rajbagh, Jawahar Nagar, Gogji Bagh and Wazir Bagh areas of Srinagar.
Many tourists have been stranded at Rajbagh, which houses many hotels. From the third storey of a guesthouse in Rajbagh, some of them could be seen crying for help. About 10 metres away, some residents were trying to rescue them, but they were helpless without any boats or lifesaving equipment.
“Please help us, take us out of here,” the group of tourists shouted from the guesthouse. “This (guesthouse) is sinking, please take us out,” they cried.
“What can we do with our bare hands? Let the government give us a few boats, we will rescue the people. But there are no officials anywhere,” said Abdul Rashid, a resident. “We are here to give them hope. We are telling them that help will come soon,” he said.
An official at Srinagar’s flood control room said they have been receiving hundreds of distress calls from across the city. “We are just conveying the message to the nearest police station, and they try to rescue the people. Even we are uncertain how to deal with this situation.”
Officials said there are nearly 15,000 tourists in the city. “Our Tourism Minister himself is trapped. We could not rescue him,” said an official.
“When I heard the sound of gushing water, I rushed out of my house,” said Firdous Ahmad, another resident. “Within five minutes, my house was under water. We didn’t even get time to take out our important documents.”
Mushtaq Ahmed, whose family has been trapped since Saturday night inside their three-storey house at Rajbagh, said, “I called many officials and the control room in Srinagar but no one has came to rescue us. My 80-year-old mother is trapped here and we couldn’t move her outside.”
“The government should have warned us that the water level would rise,” said a businessman at Lal Chowk, also called Mushtaq Ahmad. “Instead, throughout the day they assured us that the weather would improve and the water level would decrease. The weather has improved but the water level is only increasing,” he said.
Other areas of the city that have been flooded are Badami Bagh Cantonment, Indira Nagar, Shivpora, Sonawar, Hari Singh High Street, Qamarwari, Shaheed Gunj, Zainakote, Kakasarai and the roads leading to the Civil Secretariat, fire and emergency services and the police control room. The Valley’s lone children’s hospital and the Tourist Reception Centre are also under water.
Chief engineer (flood control and irrigation, Kashmir) Javed Jafer put the onus on the Army: “It is the Army that has to continued…

Meet the Press Transcript - September 7  2014meet the press transcript - september 7  2014
Pro-union camp ‘in chaos’ as Yes vote grows© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/73fc4c1a-36a8-11e4-95d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Home Depot s Hack Response in Three Little Wordsreddit
By Neal O'Farrell, Security and Identity Theft Expert for CreditSesame.com
If the Home Depot breach turns out to be as bad or worse than the Target breach, certain things will be unavoidable for the home improvement giant. But there are some things the company can do to help reduce the short and long term impact and cost.
Americans are renowned and admired the world over for their capacity to forgive, and the quicker consumers forgive Home Depot, the greater the chance Home Depot has to reduce the final cost of this (possible) major breach of trust. But forgiveness comes with a price, and that price is a full confession and genuine contrition.
Mea Maxima Culpa
If it turns out that this breach could reasonably have been prevented, the mob is going to be baying. The best chance Home Depot has of quelling the calls for blood and heads is a major Mea Maxima Culpa.
Expose consumers to enough breaches and they start learning. One of the things they learn is how canned, insincere, misleading and blame-pushing most of the PR-driven responses can be. A good CEO can get a great head start on rebuilding trust and getting back to business if he or she responds in the right way and at the right time.
If I were Home Depot:
Have the CEO say that he's dropping everything else he's doing right now so he can focus completely on what matters most -- the trust and safety of his customers. If your building is burning down, don't delegate the response. Lead it.
Don't hide behind a legal or PR statement or person. Have the CEO appear regularly, everywhere, minus the jacket or tie and with his sleeves rolled up. Make sure we all can see him hard at the dirty work of figuring this out and making it right.
Tell the truth. If you don't know something, say you don't and say why. Don't dodge a question you don't have any answer to with the common boilerplate, "The investigation is still ongoing."
Don't hide news or answers about the breach in the dark and dusty corners of your web site. Some CEOs seem to think if the breach is not on their home page, people won't notice there's been a breach. You can bet they will.
Be angry and show it. If your firm did everything reasonable to prevent the breach from happening, then you and your employees are victims too. And if you share the anger your customers are feeling, you can help make a powerful connection with them.
If you didn't have it ready this time, have it ready next time. I'm taking about a breach response center that is ready to launch and quickly filled in with all the relevant information, helpline phone numbers, links and everything else worried customers will want quickly. There's nothing worse than being directed to a breach information page that has nothing more than a couple of paragraphs of PR concocted spin.
If you have ever shopped at Home Depot:
If you used a credit card or Home Depot card, keep an eye on your statements. You won't be liable for any fraudulent charges so don't panic if they pop up.
If you used a debit card, keep an eye on your bank statements and change your PIN.
If you have or had an online account with Home Depot, change the password and be on the alert for any suspicious emails.
If you have a Home Depot Commercial Account or (like me) a Home Depot Project loan, call the customer help number on your paperwork and ask if they have any information specifically about those accounts. If you applied for a project loan, you'll have provided your Social Security number so be on extra alert.
Even if you didn't shop at Home Depot:
Be suspicious of any emails in the coming days and months that claim to be from Home Depot or about the breach. Hackers and spammers are going to have a field day with all the media coverage.
Don't wait to be offered credit monitoring or identity protection. Services like Credit Sesame offer free identity protection all year round, so take advantage of it before something bad happens.
Use every data breach as a reminder to catch up on all those security housekeeping chores that we now have to live with -- change your passwords even if they weren't affected or you're not a victim. Check your credit card and bank statements thoroughly for any unusual charges. Be vigilant for suspicious emails and keep a close eye on your credit.
Don't stop shopping at Home Depot. All you're doing is hurting the thousands of employees who had nothing to do with the breach, and playing into the hands of the hackers.
By doing all these simple things, you're actually making things harder for the thieves. Because the more locked-down and vigilant you are, the harder it becomes for these thieves to use the information against you.
Neal O'Farrell is one of the most experienced consumer security experts on the planet. Over the last 30 years he has advised governments, intelligence agencies, Fortune 500 companies and millions of consumers on identity protection, cybersecurity, and privacy. As Executive Director of the Identity Theft Council, Neal has personally counseled thousands of identity theft victims, taken on cases referred to him by the FBI and Secret Service, and interviewed some of the nation's most notorious identity thieves.
Follow CreditSesame.com on Twitter: www.twitter.com/creditsesame
More:

The forecast: weather will lift from todayPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 2:10 am
The situation in Jammu and Kashmir is set to look up from Monday. The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has not issued any warning for the state for the next two days, which means heavy rainfall is unlikely. The IMD said at least one of the two formations of western disturbances, which have been the reason for the heavy rainfall in the state, is moving away.
“The western disturbance as an upper air trough in mid and upper tropospheric westerlies over eastern parts of Jammu and Kashmir is moving away east-northeastward. The other western disturbance as an upper air trough in mid-level westerlies… persists,” it said.
The strong interaction of these western disturbances — rain-bearing winds travelling from the Mediterranean Sea — with the southwest monsoon has been blamed for the unprecedented rainfall that Jammu and Kashmir has received in the last few days. Satellite pictures also show weak clouds over the state, indicating that the rainfall activity was likely to decrease. However, the IMD, in its daily report on Saturday, had said that the state was likely to continue getting rains at least till the first half of the coming week.
For the second successive day, Katra received more than 20 cm rainfall in 24 hours, getting 21 cm between the mornings of Saturday and Sunday. Jammu received 8 cm and Banihal 5 cm.
In the last one week, Jammu and Kashmir has received more than 50 per cent excess rainfall. A bulk of this rainfall has happened in a concentrated area of five to six districts, including Jammu and Srinagar.

Meet the new boss  same as the old bossSeptember 5, 2014 5:56 pm
Meet the new boss, same as the boss we started with
By John Gapper
Keeping a founder in charge, rather than appointing a CEO, is more fashionable today
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/41273184-3427-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Someone actually read Steven Salaita’s scholarship (updated)By David Bernstein September 5
I received a link to this Tablet piece in an email, and even though I’ve tried not to get more involved in this controversy, I couldn’t resist clicking because I had read in several sources that “everyone” agrees that Salaita’s scholarship is first-rate, a proposition I suspected was either not remotely true, or is a rather poor reflection on whomever constitutes “everyone.”  The upshot is what one would expect, if one is paying attention. Author Liel Leibovitz concludes, “Devoid of any real understanding, context, or nuance, stupidly dogmatic, and frequently given to hyperbolic fits of hatred, it should not qualify as scholarship.”
Leibovitz doesn’t provide sufficient evidence in that short piece to justify such a blanket conclusion. But he does provide some excruciating evidence, including this:
“Hillel and other Jewish civic organizations render themselves distinctly responsible for Israel’s violence by proclaiming themselves guardians of the state’s consciousness,” he writes. “Moreover, they perform a nonconsensual appropriation of all Jewish people into the service of state policies that render the culture indefensible along with the state policies that are said to arise from the culture. It is never a good idea, even through the trope of strategic essentialism, to link an ethnic group to a military apparatus. Such a move automatically justifies discourses—in this case anti-Semitic ones—that should never be justifiable.”
But don’t worry, I’ve discovered that earlier in the same book,  he tell us that “I want to be clear that I am not blaming anti-Semitism on Jews.”  That’s a relief, because I thought if Jewish culture had rendered itself indefensible because of Jewish organizations’ ties to Israel, and that justifies anti-Semitic discourse, he might actually be blaming Jews for he anti-Semitism. So I’m glad he cleared that up in advance.
Despite the academic gobbleygook, Salaita has nevertheless persuaded me of the underlying logic of his position. As a result, because he is a Palestinian-American who has defended Hamas, I hereby, among other things, hold Salaita distinctly responsible for Hamas’s terrorist violence, violence against gays, suppression of women, execution of suspects without due process, corruption, use of human shields, and so on and so forth by proclaiming himself guardian of Hamas’s consciousness. Or  at least I would if I had any idea of what being guardian of a non-sentinent organization’s consciousness could possibly mean. Moreover, Salaita’s identification with Palestinian nationalism justifies discourses that should never be justified. Not that I’m blaming Salaita for those discourses, of course.
Enough. University of Illinois’s behavior in this matter seems rather sketchy. But as with Ward Churchill, the scandal is two-fold, and begins with the scandal of his being offered a job in the Native American Studies Department in the first place. Instead of expressing concerns about civility, which I think is at best a poor justification for not rubber-stamping a tenured lateral offer, perhaps the Illinois administration should have, as a commenter on a previous thread suggests, “called the faculty hiring committee to the mat to justify the appointment, demanding that they explain in detail precisely why Salaita was not barely qualified but the best qualified candidate for the position, address concerns about possible classroom bias in the light of his extracurricular rants, and potentially require an extended probationary period before granting him tenure. [UPDATE: A few commenters have asked, "by running down Salaita, aren't you inviting similar treatment for 'your side.'" On the contrary, as I noted in my previous post on this issue, Salaita shouldn't be discriminated against because of his political views by the University of Illinois, nor should hiring decisions be made because of pressure from outsiders, whether donors or pressure groups. If Salaita can prove that's why he was unhired, he should win his case, even if there were other good reasons not to hire him in the first place. But some of Salaita's defenders have taken the line that Salaita is a magnificent scholar who got in trouble merely for getting a bit emotional about Gaza, which "Zionists" have turned into bogus evidence of anti-Semitism. The evidence suggests instead that Salaita is more likely a mediocre scholar hired to an area outside his main areas of expertise in part because of his political views, who is routinely intemperate, and who has written other things that more clearly seem to fall within a reasonable definition of anti-Jewish statements. So if Salaita is to win, let it also set a precedent that "right-wing" professors have equally strong academic freedom rights, even if they are mediocrities, even if they speak or write in an intemperate matter, even if a university is facing pressure from outsiders to penalize them based on real or perceived racist, sexist, or homophobic comments. Moreover, pointing out the ideological bias in many academic departments that benefits the likes of Salaita may aid the broader cause of academic freedom by discouraging such hiring practices in favor of scholarly merit.] Update: More wisdom from Salaita :
David Bernstein is the George Mason University Foundation Professor at the George Mason University School of Law in Arlington, VA.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409955915/1409955915000/1409955915 tracking: {authors=David Bernstein, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=someone-actually-read-steven-salaitas-scholarship, post_id=13088, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 10:25:15 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 10:25:15 PM

Showtime for Apple: Phones  watches & expect...Apple Inc
(Apple has fed the high expectations,…)
SAN FRANCISCO: It has been four years since Apple Inc introduced a completely new gadget and the pressure is on for the world's largest tech company to wow at its "special event" in Cupertino, California, on Tuesday.
Apple has fed the high expectations, with promises by executives that the company's best product pipeline in 25 years is being readied inside its secretive facilities. That's a high bar for a company whose hits include the modern, graphic-based personal computer, the smartphone, the iPod and the tablet PC.
Those now ubiquitous gadgets were created under the innovative and famously meticulous eye of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs , who died in 2011. When Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook takes the stage on Tuesday, technology aficionados, investors and rivals will be watching closely to see whether Jobs' handpicked successor inherited the magic touch or whether Apple's winning streak is coming to an end.
"We think Apple's pipeline is finally going to satisfy those who have wondered if the company has any new products. The stock price has been rallying as investors are beginning to believe that Tim Cook all along was telling the truth that there is an incredible pipeline of products," said Michael Yoshikami, CEO of Destination Wealth Management.
In the last five years, the period beginning July 1 has been the most fruitful for holders of Apple shares, with an average price gain of about 22.5 percent, compared with 11 percent gains seen in the first half of the last five years.
Below are some of the key products and features to look out for at Apple's big event on Tuesday:
iWatch?: Rumors of an Apple smartwatch go back several years, but Tuesday may finally be showtime. The watch, which will reportedly have a flexible screen and come in two sizes, will track its wearer's health and fitness, double as an electronic wallet and of course, display messages.
The watch is not likely to go on sale until sometime in 2015 and Apple may not even reveal its price on Tuesday. But with rivals such as Google Inc and Samsung Electronics Co
already entering the smartwatch market, tech-watchers are anxious for Apple to show its cards.
"The market has been waiting for Apple's product as the real category-defining product," said FBN Securities analyst Shebly Seyfari.
iPhone 6: Smartphones are Apple's bread-and-butter, representing more than half of its revenue, and the company is expected to introduce a pair of new models with bigger screens, a sleeker design and wireless payment capabilities. The iPhone 6 will be available with 5.5-inch or 4.7-inch screens, a step up from the current models' 4-inch screens. There is also speculation that some phones will boast extra-tough screens made from scratch-resistant sapphire material.
Mobile Wallet: Apple has reportedly struck deals with major credit card providers Visa Inc, MasterCard Inc and American Express Co. The partnerships, as well as a special communication chip within the new iPhone and smartwatch, would allow consumers to use their gadgets at stores to buy everything from coffee to blue jeans - changing the shopping experience and extending Apple's reach from the Web to real-world commerce.
Health: Apple's launch of the "HealthKit" data service earlier this year made it clear that it sees its products helping consumers manage personal health information. By incorporating the HealthKit service into the iPhone 6, and by packing its smartwatch with sensors capable of monitoring physical movements and heart rates, Apple could lay the groundwork for a broader push into mobile healthcare.
One More Thing? Apple's Jobs was famous for surprising fans with unexpected products at the end of his presentations. Could Cook preserve the tradition with a peek at a long-awaited Apple television, a rumored bigger iPad or a completely unexpected product?
FEATURED ARTICLES

After Toledo Water Scare  States Ask EPA for HelpAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

5 states claim half of PSUs investment  Maha tops the listPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 07, 2014
Last Updated at 02:45 PM IST
5 states claim half of PSUs investment, Maha tops the list
Five states, including Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh, attracted about half of the total investment of Rs 5.5 lakh crore by central public sector enterprises (CPSEs) between 2008-09 and 2012-13, a study by Assocham has said.      Tamil Nadu, Odisha and Uttar Pradesh were among the top five investment destinations for CPSEs between 2008-09 and 2012-13 the study said.      Maharashtra alone claimed 20 per cent of the total gross investments, followed by Andhra Pradesh (8.4 per cent), Tamil Nadu (8
Five states, including Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh, attracted about half of the total investment of Rs 5.5 lakh crore by central public sector enterprises (CPSEs) between 2008-09 and 2012-13, a study by Assocham has said.
Tamil Nadu, Odisha and Uttar Pradesh were among the top five investment destinations for CPSEs between 2008-09 and 2012-13 the study said.
Maharashtra alone claimed 20% of the total gross investments, followed by Andhra Pradesh (8.4%), Tamil Nadu (8.1%), Odisha (6.7%) and Uttar Pradesh (6.2%).
Interestingly, those which are at the bottom of the investment destinations include some of the developed states like Gujarat, Karnakata and Haryana.
The bottom states in terms of CPSE investments are: Bihar (3.2%), Gujarat (2.8%), Karnataka (2.5%), Jharkhand (1.9%), Kerala (1.5%), Rajasthan (1.1%), Jammu & Kashmir (1.1%), Arunachal Pradesh (0.9%), Uttaranchal (0.8%), Punjab (0.7%) and Haryana (0.6%), highlights its paper.
However, the investment would have been much more with improved employment generation had there not been delays in execution and implementation of the new projects, the study noted.
There were altogether 582 projects under implementation in the central sector as on June 2013. Out of these, 311 projects reported a time over run ranging from one month to 240 months which could have had a negative impact on employment, it said.
"Investment is a function of the state of economy, historical base of the concerned CPSE, industrial environment and the push factor of the states besides priorities of the Central Government.
"Despite talks of autonomy, the public sector investment decisions are influenced by several factors other than pure commercial considerations," Assocham Secretary General D S Rawat said.
Besides the top five states, other major beneficiaries included West Bengal (5.3%), Chhattisgarh (4.8%), Assam (3.9%), Madhya Pradesh (3.8%) and Himachal Pradesh (3.4%).
Moreover, CPSEs investment growth rate was recorded at 9.05% in 2012-13 on year on year basis as compared to 13.42% in 2011-12, 9.48% in 2010-11 and 15.52% in 2009-10", adds the paper.
However, the CPSEs managed to rake in a smart growth in net profit despite difficult years in the global and domestic economy. Overall net profit of all 229 CPSEs during 2012-13 stood at Rs. 1.15 lakh crore compared to Rs. 0.98 lakh crore during 2011-12 showing an increase of 17.36%.
 Advertisements

Grand  big picture reforms in India may take some time: RajanPress Trust of India |  New York Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 12:43 AM IST
Big-picture reforms in India may take some time, says Rajan
He was speaking at an event organised in Chicago on Friday by the Chicago Council on Global Affairs
India’s new government may take some time to unveil “grand, big-picture reforms” as it is currently focusing on implementation of stalled projects worth $50-70 billion that will pay dividends in the short run by helping on the inflation and income fronts, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan has said during a speech on India and the global economy at an event organised in Chicago on Friday by the Chicago Council on Global Affairs.
“In India, if you are looking for grand, big-picture reforms it may take some time coming... but in terms of decentralising, in terms of doing the small stuff which adds up to the big stuff, I think that is already happening,” Rajan said.
He said people had been expecting “major changes very quickly” from the new government and harboured the belief that it will be moving fast on a “number of dimensions that the people want them to move on”.
Rajan said the new Modi government had “stuck to the path the old government laid out” to show that there was continuity and this had benefited India in the eyes of the international investors.
“I think the government has essentially focused on implementation because that is really the need of the hour. Lot of projects are being stuck because of environmental permissions and forest clearances,” he said.
Rajan said it was important to get the stalled projects “back on the road” because there are $50-70 billion stuck in those projects, which once start functioning, would produce output that will help on the inflation and income front.
“Let’s get the projects back on track. The government is focused on that, it is not a headline news... but it is something that will pay dividends in the short run and I think that is what they are doing,” he said. Rajan also said when the number of stalled projects start to come down sharply, “you will see something good is happening”.
“We are still focused on macrostabilisation. Current account deficit, fiscal deficit, inflation, all those numbers hopefully will be better going forward and if the world started growing faster it will help countries like us tremendously,” he said.
Referring to massive infrastructure projects such as the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor and the Eastern Freight Corridor, Rajan said these are the kind of projects that “China used to do” and if they get well under way, it will raise India’s infrastructure to a whole new level and create opportunities to expand manufacturing.
He listed infrastructure development, regulation, financial sector reforms and human capital as the priorities to spur growth.
"We need to get easier regulation for opening businesses," he said, highlighting that there are relatively few ministers in the new government since the idea was to create a power structure that allows decisions to be taken more quickly.
"Everyday you hear about movement. I don't know how this is translating on ground but I am hopeful over time it will translate. It is all these micro reforms, the implementation that is happening" which would spur growth.
Focus is also being given on labour market reforms, including letting women work at night in textile firms and rules for apprenticeship.
He said the Prime Minister has been also talking about other important factors like sanitation which will have an impact on the economy in the long run.
Malnutrition is attributed to lack of sanitation and reduces mental and health capabilities.
"There are messages, when you probe a little deeper, they may have a lot of impact for the economy down the line," he said.
 Advertisements

Fert subsidy paid in Apr-Jul period dips 41% to Rs 21 300 crPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 07, 2014
Last Updated at 12:25 PM IST
Fert subsidy paid in Apr-Jul period dips 41% to Rs 21,300 cr
The total subsidy paid in the corresponding period of the previous financial year stood at around Rs 36,000 crore
Fertiliser subsidy paid to the companies during the April-July period of the current fiscal declined by around 41% to about Rs 21,300 crore.
The total subsidy paid in the corresponding period of the previous financial year stood at around Rs 36,000 crore.
In case of phosphate and potassic (P&K) fertilisers like Muriate of Potash (MoP) and Di-ammonia phosphate (DAP), the subsidy paid is fixed by the government while the companies are free to decide prices, sources said, adding that the government, however, still keeps an eye on the retail prices of these fertilisers.
Whereas in case of urea, a controlled commodity, the retail price is fixed at Rs 5,360 per tonne, and the difference between the cost of production/imported price is paid as subsidy to the companies.
They, however, added that the Department of Fertilizers (DoF) had enough funds in the subsidy account but the payments were delayed as it took time to evaluate the fairness of P&K fertiliser prices.
The government had increased the total fertiliser subsidy in the July budget at Rs 72,970.30 crore for the entire 2014-15 fiscal from Rs 67,970 crore proposed in the interim budget.
The Economic Survey 2013-14 pointed out that the government and farmers are together "wastefully" spending over Rs 8,500 crore on urea, as it is highly subsidised soil nutrient and therefore used instead of P&K fertilisers.
Following which the government had asked the industry to suggest ways to bring down urea consumption that has resulted into a huge subsidy bill besides affecting soil health.
India mainly imports P&K fertilisers in absence of much raw material to produce these ferilisers.
 Advertisements

BSNL  MTNL merger likely by July next yearPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 07, 2014
Last Updated at 12:10 PM IST
BSNL, MTNL merger likely by July next year
The much-awaited merger of telecom PSUs, BSNL and MTNL, is likely to take place by July next year as the two companies look at synergising operations by offering services as a single entity.      At present, BSNL offers services in the whole country, except Delhi and Mumbai. MTNL provides telecom services in these two zones.      "The deadline of June-July 2015 has not been officially commissioned to the organisation but the merger is likely to take place in the time frame," BSNL Director (consu
The much-awaited merger of telecom PSUs, BSNL and MTNL, is likely to take place by July next year as the two companies look at synergising operations by offering services as a single entity.
At present, BSNL offers services in the whole country, except Delhi and Mumbai. MTNL provides telecom services in these two zones.
"The deadline of June-July 2015 has not been officially commissioned to the organisation but the merger is likely to take place in the time frame," BSNL Director (consumer mobility) Anupam Shrivastava told PTI.
He added there are some matters which need to be sorted out before the merger takes place which include the salary issues and debt on MTNL books.
"Commercially it makes sense for the two companies to merge as it will lower the tax outgo. Currently, BSNL is billing MTNL and vice versa for services for which both are paying taxes. If it becomes one entity, the tax outgo will be less," Shrivastava said.
He, however, said before the merger, there are some issues which need to be resolved.
Shrivastava said the first issue is that MTNL is a listed company and the government has to see how it can be merged with BSNL. One option could be that the government buys back MTNL shares, he said.
"Second thing is the salary difference between the two firms. The salary of MTNL employees is higher than BSNL, so that issue needs to be sorted out," he added.
The other issue is about debt on MTNL books, which is a big concern for BSNL.
Shrivastava said in order to resolve the issue, the government can provide a soft loan to the new entity.
On the merger, Minister of Communications and IT Ravi Shankar Prasad said in a interview to DD News, "There is an idea on consideration, we have not taken a final call."
Prasad said as of now the companies must be revived. "I personally monitor the functioning of both these departments as to how many towers are functioning, the names of chief general managers are there, their mobile numbers are there, I talk to them directly...So monitoring is done at my level also," Prasad said.
Prasad had also met the senior management of BSNL and MTNL recently to discuss the blueprint for reviving the loss-making PSU telecom companies.
The total debt of the two firms has increased to Rs 21,208 crore at the end of June 2014.
The public sector firms are also losing market share. The market share of BSNL has been reduced to 12.3% at the end of May 2014 from 13.27% at end of March 2012 whereas that of MTNL stood at 4.83% at May-end, 2014.
In 2012-13, MTNL recorded a net loss of Rs 5,321.12 crore on annual revenue of Rs 3,428.6 crore.
BSNL losses, as per unaudited results, stood at Rs 8,198 crore for 2012-13.
 Advertisements

Monetary stimulus may backfire  provoke savings glut  says RajanBloomberg |  Washington Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 11:05 PM IST
Monetary stimulus may backfire, provoke savings glut, says Rajan
Fears that the world might be setting the stage for a repeat of the years after the Asian crisis of the '90s
Aggressive monetary policy by developed economies might hurt global growth by pushing emerging markets to pile up foreign-exchange reserves, instead of spending, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan said.
A regular critic of the unprecedented monetary stimulus the world's richest nations have put in place, Rajan said the world was "setting the stage for a repeat" of the years that followed the Asian financial crisis of the late 1990s. At that time, developing economies, traumatised by capital outflows and painful bailouts, started accumulating reserves as insurance, leaving it to US consumers to buoy global consumption.
"Any emerging market today is going to look at the currency volatility and say 'whatever money comes in, I am going to be careful about it, I am going to build some reserves,'" Rajan said in a speech in Chicago on Friday. "That kind of policy will depress global demand."
Overseas investors pulled $8 billion from rupee-denominated debt last year, pushing the currency to an all-time low, as the US Federal Reserve signalled it would begin paring its record monetary stimulus. Rajan, who took office a year ago, has overseen a recovery of the currency, raising interest rates three times in his first five months, as he also seeks to tame Asia's fastest inflation.
"We have had six or seven years of this and we still have a weak recovery, so you have to ask if this is the answer," he said of developed economies' stimulus policies, such as record low interest rates and asset purchases.
How much more?
"How much more can you do of this stuff and of course what is the payback when you are unwinding," he asked at the event, organised by the Chicago Council on Global Affairs.
Indian policy makers have now rebuilt foreign-exchange reserves to near a record high as investors weigh the timing of an interest-rate increase by the Federal Reserve. India will probably be less vulnerable to a global shift of funds, Rajan said last month.
"I don't want to jump up and down," Rajan, a former chief economist at the International Monetary Fund, said of data released last month that showed India's economy grew 5.7 per cent in the quarter ended June. Still, the figure is "reassuring" and should help the country meet a 5.5 per cent (growth) forecast for the (current) financial year, and "maybe a little better".
Expansion might be in the six per cent range next year and about seven per cent after that, he said.
BUILDING THE CUSHION
Raghuram Rajan has been building foreign exchange reserves since he took over as the RBI governor last September, amid a currency crisis. From a 39-month low of $274 billion on September 6 last year, the country's forex reserves had risen to $318.64 billion as on August 29, a level close to an all-time high. Rajan pushed the average duration of bond holdings to three years and built up an adequate level of reserves to curb exchange-rate volatility. The reserves would help in times when there are outflows from the domestic market on account of a rate increase by the US, expected in the first half of 2015.
 Advertisements

Del Vecchio stepping in is a step back for LuxotticaAll posts are published in UK time.
Contact andrew.hill@ft.com or john.gapper@ft.com about the Business blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .
ABOUT THE AUTHORS
John Gapper is an associate editor and the chief business commentator of the FT.  He has worked for the FT since 1987, covering labour relations, banking and the media. He is co-author, with Nicholas Denton, of 'All That Glitters', an account of the collapse of Barings in 1995.
Andrew Hill is an associate editor and the management editor of the FT. He is a former City editor, financial editor, comment and analysis editor, New York bureau chief, foreign news editor and correspondent in Brussels and Milan.
Emma Jacobs is a features writer for the FT, with a particular focus on Business Life. She explores workplace trends, business culture and entrepreneurship and is one of the paper's leading interviewers.
Adam Jones is editor of Business Life, home to the FT's coverage of management, entrepreneurship and working life.
Lucy Kellaway is an Associate Editor and management columnist of the FT. For the past 15 years her weekly Monday column has poked fun at management fads and jargon and celebrated the ups and downs of office life.
Ravi Mattu is the deputy editor of the FT Weekend Magazine and a former editor of Business Life. He writes about management, technology, entrepreneurship and
innovation.
Michael Skapinker is an assistant editor and editor of the FT’s special reports. A former management editor of the FT, his column on Business and Society appears every Thursday.
Latest columns by John and Andrew

Cant see myself in Google Glass  says Luxottica chiefSeptember 2, 2014 8:36 pm
Can’t see myself in Google Glass, says Luxottica chief
By Rachel Sanderson in Milan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b987cf8a-32ab-11e4-a5a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ebola-Stricken Doctor Gaining Energy and Making Jokesebola-stricken doctor gaining energy and making jokes
New disclosure norms for insurance sectorNew disclosure norms for insurance sector
India needs $4.7tn over next 5 years for 7% growth: CIIIndia needs $4.7tn over next 5 years for 7% growth: CII
Modi govt has stuck to path laid out by UPA  says RajanModi govt has stuck to path laid out by UPA  says Rajan
Vistara poaches key men from IndiGo  JetLiteVistara poaches key men from IndiGo  JetLite
How Asian mkts are warming up for Fed rate risesHow Asian mkts are warming up for Fed rate rises
Delhivery raises $35 million in 3rd RoundDelhivery raises $35 million in 3rd Round
Quartz Weekend BriefFashion weeks  guar gum  accent quiz  climate-change bucket listQuartz Staff
September 5, 2014
It’s New York Fashion Week : the eight-day extravaganza of runway shows, parties, and social media mayhem surrounding designers’ debuts of their Spring 2015 collections. After New York, the circus will travel to London, Milan, and Paris—then New Delhi, Sydney, Istanbul, Tokyo, Toronto, and Moscow, bringing to mind the adage, “it’s always happy hour somewhere.”
Even if the fashion industry makes you roll your eyes, none of us is exempt from it. As Meryl Streep  icily spelled out in the 2006 film The Devil Wears Prada, high-end fashion trends inevitably make their way into the mainstream. Five years ago,  sweatpants on the runway seemed novel . Now,  exercise clothing  for  everyday  is a commonplace, $14.5 billion  business .
Aside from the fashion industry’s $1.5 trillion contribution to the global economy, there’s a simple fact: We all have to get dressed. What we wear is a choice about how to present ourselves to the world. Comedian  Joan Rivers , who passed away on Thursday morning, made a raucous sport of interpreting what on earth celebrities were trying to say with their clothing choices on her E! series Fashion Police. And lest you believe such analyses are limited to Hollywood, remember the Twittersphere —and at least one Republican politician —attacking Barack Obama’s decision to brief the world on the Islamic State and Ukraine last week in a tan suit.
Clothes, like food, are an essential part of our lives and also—as I wrote this week —a way to indulge our creativity, express our identities and connect with people. If the designers showing at New York Fashion Week do their jobs right, some of their collections may end up doing just that.—Jenni Avins
Five things on Quartz we especially liked
The unexpected link between US shale gas and Rajasthani farmers. America’s shale-gas boom caused a spike in demand for guar gam, which is used in fracking. John Samuel Raja relates how the boom brought untold riches to Indian guar gum farmers—then took them away again as spiking prices drove the industry to cheaper synthetic sources.
Al-Qaeda’s desperate marketing ploy. The group’s new franchise in the Indian subcontinent may look just like further evidence of the spread of global jihad, but Bobby Ghosh sees in it a panicky attempt to win back market share  from al-Qaeda’s upstart rivals, the Islamic State and Boko Haram.
How Russia buys influence in US politics. After the news that Gazprombank hired two prominent US ex-politicians to campaign against the US-imposed sanctions, Tim Fernholz takes a look at some of the other lobbyists involved in pushing Russia’s case in Washington and elsewhere .
Get ready for Texan extra-virgin. Americans are consuming ever more olive oil—and they’ve suddenly started producing a lot more of it too. Svati Narula explains how growing demand, coupled with quality problems in Europe, could turn the US into an unexpected olive-oil powerhouse .
Take the Quartz accent quiz. You’re a worldly person. Can you tell a Somali accent from a Moroccan one or distinguish a Croatian from a Bosnian? Nikhil Sonnad created this game based on a crowd-sourced database of accented English. Warning: It’s a little bit addictive.
Five things elsewhere that made us smarter
How Apple runs the media. Ahead of the publicity-fest that will be the iPhone 6 launch this week, it’s worth reading at least the first three sections of Mark Gurman’s dissection on 9to5mac of how the famously secretive company controls tech journalists’ access to information as a way of building hype for its products.
The making of an Islamic State fighter. 100 Danes have joined radical Islamist groups in Syria—the population equivalent of over 6,000 Americans. For Narrative.ly, Louise Stigsgaard Nissen got to know one of them, and probes what is motivating so many young men from Europe  to join the radical cause.
We will all have to deal with Alzheimer’s. Whether as sufferers or caregivers, few of us these days will not be touched by the disease, writes Kent Russell in the New Republic, in a powerful, painful story about trying to find a dignified way to care for an afflicted father.
Thirty-three things to eat, drink, see, and do before climate change ruins them. Part bucket list, part illustrated guide to global doom, Kurt McRobert and Rich Petrucci’s rundown of the wonders threatened by climate change is at once entertaining, sobering, and a very practical way to prioritize your travel plans.
What’s the point of an intellectual in a democracy? Re-reading the historian Richard Hofstadter’s classic work Anti-Intellectualism in American Life, Nicholas Lemann at CJR says no one should be surprised by the Tea Party or anti-vaccination activists; the real question may be  whether intellectuals can thrive as anything more than bohemians rejecting the culture or as experts serving state power.
Our best wishes for a relaxing but thought-filled weekend. Please send any news, comments, Apple press releases, and bucket lists to hi@qz.com . You can follow us on Twitter here for updates throughout the day.
Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief  here , tailored for morning delivery in Asia, Europe & Africa, and the Americas.
Share this:

This week the markets were clearly focused on one Italian technocratIt was clear who moved the markets. Reuters/Kai Pfaffenbach
SHARE
Matt Phillips @MatthewPhillips
September 5, 2014
Until this week, the European Central Bank’s Mario Draghi had managed to snuff out the European debt crisis mainly with his now-famous vow to do “ whatever it takes ” to preserve the currency union. Sure, he cut rates and announced programs aimed at boosting bank lending , but he’s been pulling far fewer monetary policy levers than his US counterparts, for example.
So, the markets weren’t expecting much new from Draghi this week at the ECB’s most recently policy decision. But they should have been. Facing evidence that the monetary union was increasingly at risk of slipping into a deflationary vortex , the ECB announced a raft of measures . They cut their key policy rate about as much as they could, given the fact that it’s already near zero. And they announced plans for a bond-buying program similar, in some respects, to the one used by the Federal Reserve in recent years. (The ECB will focus, however, on asset-backed securities , in the hopes of prompting European banks to do more lending.)
The plans essentially amount to a giant buyer with literally bottomless pockets—after all, the ECB handily creates the very money it intends to spend—showing up to the markets. And the markets responded in the way you might imagine (data for the bond indexes listed here reflect Thursday’s close):
Share
Tap image to zoom
Both stocks and bonds rose, initially. And the euro weakened sharply. But for the week, the super-safe bond markets actually ended down slightly, as investors shifted to stocks. That would be consistent with what we’ve seen in the US, where expectations for central bank bond-buying programs were front-run by markets, with the actual announcement acting as a “sell-on-the-news” event.
Share this:

The latest ceasefire plan in Ukraine wont spare Russia from more financial painJason Karaian @jkaraian
September 5, 2014
Another day, another ceasefire. Markets rallied on news of a truce  between Ukrainian troops and pro-Russian rebels. The details are sketchy, but a  12-point plan  agreed between combatants mentions an end to the shooting, a prisoner exchange, and a retreat from urban areas as conditions.
We’ve seen this movie before. Markets jumped earlier this week when Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko said he had hammered out a “permanent ceasefire” plan with Russian president Vladimir Putin. But Kyiv and Moscow both walked back that statement almost immediately, and fierce fighting continued throughout eastern Ukraine . Markets gave up some of their gains, before today’s re-run of a similar script fuelled a rally on renewed hope of an end to the fighting.
Share
Tap image to zoom
With the latest ceasefire only a few hours old, Western leaders appear to be going by the “ fool me once ” doctrine. US president Barack Obama said he’s “ hopeful but skeptical ” that the truce will hold. US and EU leaders say they will  tighten sanctions against Russia , regardless of the latest developments: “Be in no doubt,” British prime minister David Cameron said . “The sanctions go ahead as announced.” The Financial Times has published excerpts from a working draft of new financial- and energy-related sanctions now under discussion  in European capitals (paywall).
Meanwhile, in Russia, officials have been revising their economic forecasts lower , but they are still generally more bullish than private analysts. A hasty pivot to find new business partners in finance and energy  won’t come soon enough to spare Russia’s stagnant economy more pain. Ordinary Russians are showing defiance in the face of the Western squeeze, most visibly in a patriotic response to the Kremlin’s retaliatory ban on Western food imports (paywall). A few more months of double-digit food price inflation  may test their resolve.
Tellingly, the ruble is not rallying alongside Russian stocks today. Brave bargain hunters may see promise in punting on Russian stocks, which nonetheless remain at rock-bottom valuations despite the ceasefire-inspired rallies. The fragile ruble reflects the continued flight of capital from Russia, which is rapid enough—perhaps up to $200 billion this year alone—to make a big dent in its  sizable reserves . This erodes a  crucial buffer  for the country now that global capital markets are largely closed  to it.
The risks of tighter sanctions and unpredictable policies makes most Russian assets “unanalyzable,” an emerging-markets fund manager told Quartz. He said that the bump after this week’s first ceasefire announcement gave him a chance to open a short position on the ruble, since he believes any rally will soon be reversed. (And so it proved.) “Putin,” he said, “is an absolute genius at creating confusion.”
Share this:

Dalai Lama says no need for successor: ReportDalai Lama
("We had a Dalai Lama for almost…)
BERLIN: The Dalai Lama has told a German newspaper that he should be the last Tibetan spiritual leader, ending a centuries-old religious tradition from his Himalayan homeland.
His comments to the Welt am Sonntag newspaper echo his previous statement that "the institution of the Dalai Lama has served its purpose", but were even more explicit.
"We had a Dalai Lama for almost five centuries. The 14th Dalai Lama now is very popular. Let us then finish with a popular Dalai Lama," he said.
"If a weak Dalai Lama comes along, then it will just disgrace the Dalai Lama," he added with a laugh, according to a transcript of the English language interview.
He also said: "Tibetan Buddhism is not dependent on one individual. We have a very good organisational structure with highly trained monks and scholars."
China has governed Tibet since 1951, a year after invading, and the Dalai Lama fled across the Himalayas to India after a failed 1959 uprising against Chinese rule.
The Nobel Peace Prize winner in 2011 retired from political duties and has upgraded the role of prime minister of the Tibetan exile community.
But he is still the most powerful rallying point for Tibetans, both in exile and in their homeland, and remains the universally recognised face of the movement.
Asked by the German newspaper how much longer he may carry on his advocacy duties, the 79-year-old said: "The doctors say I could become 100 years old. But in my dreams I will die at the age of 113 years.
"I hope and pray that I may return to this world as long as sentient beings' suffering remains. I mean not in the same body, but with the same spirit and the same soul."
On the question of whether he may ever be able to return to Tibet, he said: "Yes, I am sure of that. China can no longer isolate itself, it must follow the global trend towards a democratic society."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Now mobile recharge  travel tickets at Fair ...Now get mobile recharge, travel tickets at Fair Price Shops
PTI Sep 7, 2014, 07.20PM IST
Tags:
Delhi Government
(Delhiites can now recharge…)
NEW DELHI: Delhiites can now recharge their mobile phones, DTH cards, book tickets and buy many other things at Fair Price Shops (FPS) in the city with the Delhi government liberalising the policy for sale of goods and services through these outlets for subsidised rations.
In a bid to improve the viability of the FPS as well as providing convenience to the ration card holders who visit these shops to get their monthly quota, the Department of Food, Supplies and Consumer Affairs, Government of NCT of Delhi has completely liberalised the policy of sale of various goods and services through the fair price shops.
"The new policy is the most liberal in the country," said Commissioner cum Secretary, Department of Food Supplies and Consumer Affairs Sajjan Singh Yadav, adding the step has provided a major relief to the 2500 FPS licensee in the city who were constantly complaining about lack of viability of their shops.
So far, the FPS licensee was allowed to sell only the Specified Food Articles (SFAs) provided under the Public Distribution System (PDS) and a few other items. But according to the new policy, which has come into operation from Friday, September 5, a Fair Price Shop can sell any goods or service except eight prohibited items.
The new policy has provided a huge business opportunity to the FPS licensees who can now sell unlimited number of goods and provided vast number of services through the FPS depending on the locality and consumers' demand as well as the interest, capability and skill sets of the FPS licensee and his employees.
Now there will be incentive to the FPS licensee to keep his shop open throughout the business hours as he can now expect a large number of other customers apart from ration card holders.
"From now the FPS licensee can also provide services from their premises. One will be able to get services including financial services through the micro-ATM, recharge of mobile phone and DTH cards, tours and travel services and so on. The FPS licensee may become Business Correspondents of various banks to provide the financial services," he said.
Yadav said that the licensee in the city were constantly complaining about lack of viability of their shops due to low profit margin on the sale of SFAs and restricted policy regarding sale of other goods by the FPS.
In view of high shop rentals and manpower cost in Delhi, they were not able to break even under the existing policy, the licensees had complained.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NATO s new missions won t solve Ukraine  Ira...You are here: Home > Collections
NATO's new missions won't solve Ukraine, Iraq crises
Reuters Sep 7, 2014, 07.17PM IST
Tags:
Azerbaijan
(NATO leaders emerged from…)
NEWPORT: NATO leaders emerged from a summit in Wales with a plan to protect eastern members from a resurgent Russia, a pledge to reverse the decline in their defence spending, and an embryonic Western coalition to combat Islamic militants in Iraq.
Yet despite ringing declarations of resolve, the US-led alliance cannot fix the conflict between Ukraine and Russian-backed separatists, and the West is still a long way from having a strategy to defeat Islamic State insurgents in Iraq and Syria.
The Cold War era military organisation may have reasserted its relevance just as its costly decade-long operation to stabilise Afghanistan draws to an inconclusive end.
But questions remain about the allies' plan to create a rapidly deployable "spearhead" force and their carefully hedged aim of raising defence budgets to 2 percent of national output over a decade. Both are subject to political caveats.
"In some ways, we are solving a non-existent problem because we can't solve the existing ones," a Western defence official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said as the 28-nation summit ended on Friday.
NATO adopted a "Readiness Action Plan" to shield former Soviet bloc central and eastern European states that joined the alliance in the last 15 years by modernising military infrastructure, pre-positioning equipment and supplies, rotating air patrols and holding regular joint exercises on their soil.
A "spearhead" force of up to 5,000 troops should eventually be deployable "anywhere in the world" within a couple of days, instead of up to several weeks now, to deter an aggressor in a crisis.
While that fell short of the permanent presence of NATO troops that Poland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania wanted, they declared themselves satisfied, especially after US President Barack Obama visited Tallinn on the eve of the summit to underline Washington's commitment to defend the Baltic states.
NATO officials say the "spearhead", to be assembled from existing national high-readiness forces based at home, may also be used for expeditionary missions outside the NATO treaty area.
But any such operation would be subject to a unanimous political decision of the 28-nation NATO council and to national caveats limiting what troops can do abroad. For example, Germany would have to obtain prior parliamentary approval.
GREY ZONE
Most analysts believe the main security problems on NATO's eastern flank lie less in a direct Russian military threat to their territory than in permanent instability in the grey zone of former Soviet states between NATO and Russia.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has intervened militarily in Georgia in 2008 and Ukraine this year, and could activate so-called "frozen conflicts" in Moldova or between Armenia and Azerbaijan to prevent those states moving closer to the West.
Having ruled out military action, the West's main levers to curb Kremlin support for pro-Russian separatists in Ukraine and elsewhere are economic sanctions and political ostracism.
Despite their dependence on Russian gas and the economic blowback on lucrative trade with Moscow, European Union nations are on the brink of adopting a fourth wave of sanctions.
The measures are taking a toll on the Russian economy but have not persuaded Putin to abandon his doctrine of "protecting" Russian speakers beyond Moscow's borders, enunciated to justify the annexation of Crimea from Ukraine in March.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko heard plenty of verbal support at the summit and was wise enough not to raise his goal of eventual NATO membership, a red line for Putin on which the alliance is deeply divided.
Poroshenko hinted some allies had offered arms as well as non-lethal support in training and intelligence, but such help may come too late to prevent a de facto partition of Ukraine.
Michael O'Hanlon, a national security expert at the Brookings Institution think-tank in Washington, said Putin's decision to back a ceasefire, apparently timed for the NATO summit, amounted to a recognition that the threat of new sanctions had teeth and Moscow wanted to avoid further pain.
But the summit had also made clear there was little, if anything, that NATO could do to roll back the territorial gains already made by Russia and its separatist allies, he said.
"The kind of ceasefire that we're now seeing in eastern Ukraine is more or less consistent with Western security interests, even though Ukraine won't be getting back Crimea or all of the eastern region," said O'Hanlon.
"But realistically that was already lost."
A senior NATO diplomat said time was on the West's side provided it avoided military confrontation with Moscow, because Russia was in long-term demographic, economic and political decline.

New disclosure norms spill beans on policy-retention claimsNew disclosure norms spill beans on policy-retention claims
Quick route to US green cards: After Chinese & Koreans  HNIs go for EB5 permanent visasEB5
(Rich Indians, too, are increasingly…)
For the first time since it was created 24 years ago, employment-based fifth preference (EB5), the American government's fast-track permanent residence programme for people willing to invest half a million dollars and create 10 jobs in the US, has hit its annual cap for the 2014 fiscal year as far as Chinese nationals are concerned.
And it's not just the Chinese. Rich Indians, too, are increasingly looking at EB5, under which up to 10,000 visas are issued a year to immigrant investors to help stimulate the US economy . Investments are routed through designated regional centres in the US, which are authorised by the US Citizenship and Immigration Services.
"There is a much higher level of interest in the EB5 programme among Indians over the last few years than before, largely because of the increasing number of HNIs (high net worth individuals) here who can afford to make the required investment as well as more awareness about the programme following big marketing efforts by US immigration lawyers and the designated regional centres," says Mumbai-based immigration lawyer Poorvi Chothani.
The advantage that EB5 provides is quick access to US green cards, with a success rate of more than 80 per cent. Once an individual has a green card based on the EB5 investment, the person is free to live and work anywhere in the US, which is an advantage over other employment-based visa programmes.
"While the interest among Indians doesn't in any way compare with that of the Chinese, Indian HNIs have become more interested in this category so that their children studying at US colleges get a fast track to US green cards, since other permanent residency routes take a lot of time," points out Cyrus Mehta, New York-based immigration attorney.
The EB5 programme for Indian nationals is still current unlike the Chinese, and does not suffer the crushing backlogs for green card as in other employment-based immigrant visa categories, such as the EB3 for professional workers with a US bachelor's or foreign equivalent degree and with a job offer from a US company.
"If an employer sponsors you under the India EB3, it may take decades before you can get a green card. You also do not need to have an employer to petition on your behalf (for EB5) ... I can see more Indians going through the EB5 category as Chinese investors start backing off because of the quota retrogression for them," Mehta adds.
An advantage of having permanent residency visa for Indian families will be in lower tuition costs for their children in contrast to the high international costs associated with universities and colleges, says Maliha Mian, associate director, EB5 programme at Meditex EB-5, a regional centre in Houston, Texas.
Garrett Kenny, who runs EB5Select, a company in Florida that works with regional EB5 centres, has been getting a large number of enquiries from Indian investors in the past few months.
"The third-largest number of enquiries come from Indian nationals, after the Chinese and South Koreans," he says.
In Kenny's opinion, Indians are more hands-on with their investments and would like to invest in businesses that they can manage or control, such as gas stations or convenience stores while the Chinese are open to being hands-off, primarily interested in the fast-track green cards.
"EB5 applicants need to look at the project that they are investing in very carefully and ensure that it can succeed in creating the jobs as required within a fairly short period of time," he says.
A problem that investors in EB5 sometimes face is over the source of their funds. "The minimum investment is quite high at $500,000 and in some cases it is $1 million. Besides, the investor must properly document the source of the funds they are using for the investment in the US," says Pradnya Desh, an attorney and managing partner of Desh International Law in Bellevue, Washington.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nokia to bring 4G  3G phones at lower prices...You are here: Home > Collections
Nokia to bring 4G, 3G phones at lower prices in India
PTI Sep 7, 2014, 09.13PM IST
Tags:
3G
(Shortage of affordable…)
4G and 3G mobile phones as it struggles to regain the top position which it lost in 2012 to South Korea's Samsung, presently the largest selling brand in India. BERLIN: Erstwhile market leader Nokia has indicated it may enter into a price war for 4G and 3G mobile phones as it struggles to regain the top position which it lost in 2012 to South Korea's Samsung, presently the largest selling brand in India.
"We want to continue to push price points lower and lower than anything we have today. That's the statement for both 3G and LTE (4G) because that is the thing which gives us scale of the ecosystem," Microsoft's Mobile Device Sales, Corporate Vice President Chris Weber told PTI in an interview.
US IT giant Microsoft now owns Nokia's mobile phone business. The company leadership position was adversely impacted mainly due to abundant flow of cheap Chinese phones.
Nokia's cheapest 4G phone Lumia 635 is priced around Rs 11,300 before taxes but it is not available in India.
"We are also trying to push price point even lower on LTE devices like 635 to take advantage of that (Indian telecom operators plan to launch 4G services) opportunity. The goal is to make sure that we have a full portfolio that plays in to that opportunity," Weber said.
The company has plans to launch its latest 4G-enabled phone Lumia 830 priced at around Rs 26,000 before taxes by October, as per sources.
Microsoft Devices also unveiled another 4G-enabled handset Lumia 735 priced at around Rs 17,500 but sources were not sure about company's plan to launch this model in India.
Shortage of affordable devices to access 4G services has been identified as one of the main reason for many telecom operators not rolling out 4G network in the country.
Consumers may get about 10-12 times more Internet speed on mobile phones in 4G compared to average speed they get using 3G services.
Reliance Jio Infocomm holds pan India broadband wireless spectrum, which can be used for 4G services, since mid 2010.
The company has announced its plan to launch the latest telecom service in 2015. As per rules, 2015 is the last year for all companies who won BWA spectrum to roll out services in at least 90 per cent of the service areas, failing which the Department of Telecom will have the right to withdraw the radio waves.
Other holders of this spectrum include Tikona Digital and Augere, who are yet to start their services. Aircel has announced launch of its 4G service in 6 service areas against eight circles where it holds BWA spectrum.
Airtel , Vodafone, Idea Cellular , Reliance Jio, Aircel, Reliance Communications and Telewings (Uninor) in February won spectrum in 1800 Mhz band cumulatively for Rs 37,572.60 crore.
Airtel, Reliance Jio, Vodafone and Idea have plans to provide 4G services in the 1800 Mhz band, which has been used so far for providing 2G services.
Weber said that Microsoft Devices has been discussing with Indian telecom operators for partnerships.
"We have lot of conversations going on with operators but specifically we are very bullish on LTE opportunity in India. Our conversation had been quite productive," Weber said.
As per market research firm International Data Corporation (IDC), Nokia was the third largest player in the second quarter of 2014 in the Indian mobile phone market with a 10 per cent market share. Samsung topped the chart with 17 per cent, closely followed by Indian brand Micromax with 14 per cent share.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Two days after truce  fighting flares in Ukraine againTwo days after truce  fighting flares in Ukraine again
Government plans new return to plug excise  service tax evasionGovernment plans new return to plug excise  service tax evasion
Goyal denies coal shortage is to blame for power outagesGoyal denies coal shortage is to blame for power outages
Favouritism sees decline in IndiaFavouritism sees decline in India
Haryana govt asks Maruti to stop constructio...Haryana government asks Maruti to stall construction of an upcoming R&D facility in Rohtak
Chanchal Pal Chauhan & Vikas Dhoot, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 08.58AM IST
Tags:
Haryana govt
(Maruti Suzuki has been compelled…)
NEW DELHI: In a setback to the government's "Make In India" drive, Maruti Suzuki has been compelled by the Haryana government to stop all construction work on a facility at Rohtak that was to develop and test cars for India and the world, the first such unit being set up outside Japan by the local auto maker's parent, Suzuki Motor.
The Rs 3,500-crore-plus R&D project was expected to be operational by next year, but is now on hold as the state government has initiated prosecution against the company for beginning construction without obtaining an environmental clearance and has appealed a Delhi High Court verdict asking it to refrain from taking action against Maruti.
When contacted, a Maruti spokesperson told ET: "As the matter is pending with the court, it will be inappropriate for us to comment in the matter." People with knowledge of the matter said the country's largest carmaker has suspended construction of the facility.
Maruti, which has decided to set up its next production hub in Gujarat instead of Haryana, is the latest victim of a policy conundrum introduced by Jayanthi Natarajan, the environment and forest minister in the previous Congress-led government, that forces industries to seek an environmental clearance for building any structure of over 20,000 square metres.
Industry has red-flagged the issue with the Prime Minister's Office as one of the biggest policy stumbling blocks for manufacturing investments of any reasonable scale, as it has forced thousands of firms across the country to put greenfield and brownfield investments on hold.
The policy muddle, without any reference to Maruti's problem, was highlighted at an August 9 meeting held by the PMO on making it easier to do business in India. Industry leaders present at the meeting had stressed that the requirement constitutes a misinterpretation of a clause from the environmental impact assessment (EIA) rules of 2006 which were aimed at keeping a check on building and township projects in the real-estate sector. Top government law officers have earlier opined that industrial projects don't require such a nod, and the current attorney general had argued the same in defence of Maruti in the Delhi High Court, days before he took on his government role.
"This essentially means that even a medium-size unit being built over six acres of land needs a prior environmental clearance before commencing construction. This introduces an additional delay of at least 18 months for investments to fructify into production and has turned into a big deterrent for investors already saddled by tardy land acquisition processes and the range of other local and environmental clearances needed to start business," said an official at a top auto firm, requesting anonymity.
Maruti, which has very large plants at Gurgaon and Manesar, is building a vehicle testing facility at its 600-acre Rohtak campus that is the largest of its kind in India and is even larger than its parent firm Suzuki's testing track in Japan. The campus also envisages technology development centres and fuel and emission laboratories, with an integrated two-wheeler plant planned by Suzuki Motorcycle India Private Ltd.
  Though Maruti has been obtaining all the required green clearances for air and water pollution and hazardous waste, it had moved an application for environmental clearance for the construction in February 2013 after the state insisted on this requirement. This was a 'without prejudice' application, meaning that the company was seeking a nod that it wasn't convinced was required.
In March 2014, the state government decided to initiate action against Maruti under the Environment Protection Act of 1986 for commencing construction without obtaining clearance.
The state also sought a commitment from Maruti in the form of a resolution from its board that such "violations will not be repeated", grimly warning the firm that the project "file will be closed" in the absence of such an undertaking.
On May 26, incidentally on the day the Narendra Modi government was sworn in, the Delhi High Court directed the Haryana "not to initiate any criminal action" against Maruti or its board members and officials, after submissions made by Mukul Rohatgi appearing on behalf of the company.
The court had also said that Maruti should obtain a post-facto environmental clearance for the construction of the project, though it said the firm couldn't have acted with malafide intent in not applying for the clearance as there was no "authoritative judgement on the issue".
The Haryana State Environmental Impact Assessment Authority has filed an appeal against this verdict. With a decision on the appeal awaited, Maruti still doesn't have the environmental clearance and is therefore, unable to carry out any further construction or operational activity.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CII calls for gargantuan investment pushCII calls for gargantuan investment push
Equity schemes see Rs 5 400-cr inflow in AugEquity schemes see Rs 5 400-cr inflow in Aug
Family Dollar spurns Dollar General againDollar General goes hostile with Family Dollar bid
Family Dollar rejects Dollar General bid
Family Dollar Stores spurned a $9 billion offer from Dollar General in favor of a lower bid from Dollar Tree, saying it was concerned the Dollar General deal wouldn't be able to pass antitrust hurdles.
Family Dollar Stores spurned a $9 billion offer from Dollar General in favor of a lower bid from Dollar Tree, saying it was concerned the Dollar General deal wouldn't be able to pass antitrust hurdles.
Reuters
Antitrust Issues Federal Trade Commission John Paulson
Family Dollar Stores Inc has rejected Dollar General Corp's acquisition offer
(Reuters) - Dollar General Corp  took its $9.1 billion offer for Family Dollar Stores Inc  hostile, directly approaching the shareholders of its smaller rival after being spurned twice by the company.
Dollar General said on Wednesday it had started a tender offer to buy all shares of Family Dollar for $80 per share.
Family Dollar rejected Dollar General's sweetened takeover bid last week, saying the offer still did not address antitrust concerns.

Minimum Wage  Pandering Politicians  and Crony Capitalismreddit
Many policy makers seem to live in a dream world. "It is terrible that the working poor have to live on such a low minimum wage," they say. They address this problem by arbitrarily raising the minimum wage, although many jobs are worth less than the amount they set. This leads to employers laying off many of the people this policy was intended to help. Fundamentally, most policy makers have failed to realize that those who are impacted by laws, respond to the laws accordingly. After all, if business owners wanted to raise the income of employees, they would do so without government coercion. Not all of them want to change salaries and they are naturally resistant to policies that make them do so. Again, the victim of that are those who were suppose to benefit from such.
It seems odd that, since we have the lowest percentage of Americans working now than any period since the Great Depression, that policy makers would advocate placing more barriers between people and jobs, but that is exactly what is being done by politicians today.
So what would be a logical alternative to the federal government raising the minimum wage? The answer is simple, policy makers need to increase the demand for employment, which will naturally make the amount people can charge for their services go up. Increasing the demand on labor would lead to higher income for all.  Furthermore, it would have the latent benefit of increased productivity, which increases the spending power of everyone regardless of their income. Increasing the value of labor would require several strategies:
Eliminate the federal minimum wage entirely and return this function to the states. It needs to be done in the states because that is where unemployment problems can be found and more properly addressed. It is ridiculous that cities like Cleveland, Detroit, and East St. Louis -- which have often had real unemployment of over 20 percent in recent years -- to be additionally saddled with a large minimum wage increase.
Eliminate taxes on businesses entirely. This would lead to a more responsible government as voters would be forced to pay taxes directly, instead of the government using businesses as "middle men" for its dirty work. Businesses do not pay taxes, they never have.  Businesses are merely tax collectors, since such are a fixed cost of doing business.  Do businesses pay for their electricity, salaries, or buildings?  All of these are paid for by their customers; why use such a "sneaky" approach of taxing consumers and harming employment through business taxes? If we eliminated taxes on businesses, America would become one of the cheapest countries in the world to do business and demands on jobs would explode.
Reduce regulations on most sectors of the economy. The cheapest way of achieving this is to restore the state government's role in this area so that they would become competitive in providing the best number of regulations, while making sure they do not chase off industry to other states. There is nothing like competition among the states to create a balance between protecting people without destroying the economy.
These few steps alone would eliminate many of the barriers between people and the jobs they desire and need. In a very short period of time, the demand for jobs would go up as the number of available workers would shrink. In no time it would be an employees' market.
It would be very similar to what happened in Japan. Following World War II, Americans complained about how "cheap labor" in Japan took American jobs (today the complaint is typically China and India). Following the war, that nation eliminated many of the barriers between people and jobs, which resulted in huge demand on employment to where today, Japan has among the highest personal incomes per individual in the world. Unfortunately, in recent years Japan has been modeling itself increasingly after the US and its economy has become increasingly weak. It, too, should have a discussion about eliminating the walls between people and jobs.
The reason politicians don't quickly approve such a logical approach is because of rhetoric, not reality. The rhetoric argues that low wages make people poor. The reality is, artificially high wages make everybody poor. Market priced jobs, on the other hand, generates demand, increases productivity, and gives everyone more with fewer dollars. Demagogues argue that we should heavily tax those who can "afford" it, such as business. Reality tells us that corporations are clever, they will simply move to where they can do business at a lower cost. They are in the business of getting customers and price is a driver for such. All artificially high wages do is drive prices up, forcing businesses to move somewhere else. The list goes on, but what we need is more reality and less rhetoric in policy making. We need policy that looks at the consequences of actions and not merely the desires behind them.  We need to understand the results of policies, no matter how good the intentions.
It is true that there are plenty in business who want to raise minimum wage.  One of the most prominent examples is Costco CEO and President Craig Jelinek who, according to the Huffington Post and other media, "came out in support of the Fair Minimum Wage Act of 2013, which aims to raise the federal minimum wage to $10.10 per hour, then adjust it after that for inflation."  Why would the CEO of a massive company that doesn't have an employee making less than $11 an hour ever oppose an increase in minimum wage to $10.10 an hour?  It would have zero impact on his business, but could have a devastating effect on his small business competitors and the employees they are trying to hold on to.  For CEOs, like Jelinek, such minimum wage increases are a very cheap form of "protectionism" for their mega corporations.  These companies have the financial muscle to lobby elected officials to get these type of self interested policies into law.  It is crony capitalism at its worst as such policies make them look altruistic, while devastating potential small business competitors.
Public policy needs to be in the realm of reality and not in political pandering and big business manipulation.  It should be designed on what it will do and not on what hopeless "romantics" claim it will do.
Follow Kevin Price on Twitter: www.twitter.com/KevinPriceLive
More:

Alibaba IPO may raise as much as $24 billionAlibaba IPO may raise as much as $24 billion
By Melvin Backman  @CNNMoneyInvest September 5, 2014: 5:16 PM ET
 
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Alibaba finally made clear just how enormous its IPO is going to be.
The Chinese e-commerce giant, which will begin trading under the ticker BABA later this month, submitted a regulatory filing Friday that says it plans to price its shares between $60 and $66. If its underwriters claim their shares, the company could raise $24.3 billion, which would be the biggest stock debut in history.
The range Alibaba offered would value it somewhere between $148 billion and $163 billion.
Related: Who the heck is Jack Ma? Meet the man who built Alibaba
Even if Alibaba skews toward the conservative end of that range, it would raise $22.1 billion, eclipsing the largest American IPO to date: Visa ( V ), which raised $17.9 billion and beating global record holder Industrial & Commercial Bank of China ( IDCBY ), which raised about $21 billion in 2006.
Related: Meet the four kings of Alibaba's online retail empire
Yahoo ( YHOO , Tech30 ), which is the second-largest holder of Alibaba equity, will cut its stake to 16.3% from 22.4%, the filing notes. Japanese bank SoftBank will cut its stake to 32.4% from 34.1%. Alibaba founder and CEO Jack Ma will cut a percentage point off his 8.8% stake.
First Published: September 5, 2014: 5:16 PM ET
Join the Conversation

Branches of Indian banks may face closure in UKBranches of Indian banks like Bank of India, State Bank of India may face closure in UK crackdown
PTI Sep 7, 2014, 09.43PM IST
Tags:
Bank of England
LONDON: At least seven foreign-owned retail bank branches in the UK, including some Indian ones, could be forced to close down in a crackdown on overseas banks in a bid to insulate the British economy from global crises.
A consultation launched in February by Bank of England's Prudential Regulatory Authority (PRA), responsible for supervising individual banks, concluded last week.
The new rules in force require banks from outside the European Economic Area (EEA) to offer only minimal retail services.
While Bank of England declined to name the banks affected, analysts suggested that Bank of India, State Bank of India , Isbank of Turkey and Overseas Chinese Banking Corporation of Singapore are likely to be affected.
They would either have to shut down their retail banking operations in Britain or convert from branch status to full UK subsidiary -- an expensive and cumbersome process.
Some American banks, including JP Morgan and Citigroup , also have UK branches, but were less likely to be seriously hit because they also operate UK subsidiaries, according to The Times.
The PRA said in a statement that deposit-taking foreign banks that want to remain a branch must have less than 100 million pounds in account balances and fewer than 5,000 customers.
The PRA consultation had suggested that the branches might be able to trade if there were a "very high level of assurance" from the regulator in the parent bank's home country.
The new rules mean it will be easier for wholesale foreign banks, which cater to other financial institutions and large corporations rather than retail customers, to open non-deposit taking branches which would not face size limits but are likely to make it very difficult for some retail bank branches to operate.
Subsidiaries are subject to more complex clearances and branches, on the other hand, are part of a home office legal entity and don't require their own capital base in the UK or a separate board.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apollo lines up Rs 2 033 cr for expansionApollo lines up Rs 2 033 cr for expansion
Centre to take middle path on compensation  oilVrishti Beniwal |  New Delhi Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 12:59 AM IST
GST logjam: Centre to take middle path on compensation, oil
Preparing legal framework to protect states from revenue loss
The finance ministry, which has been trying to evolve a consensus on the Constitution amendment Bill for rollout of a Goods and Services Tax (GST) regime, is learnt to have found a middle path to address states' concerns.
Among the contentious issues was states' demand for a provision in the Constitution to compensate them for any losses they made under the proposed indirect tax regime. The ministry is now understood to be considering another legal framework that will ensure the Constitution does not have to be amended for this purpose, and at the same time, states' trust does not erode.
To resolve another nagging issue - of petroleum products, which states want constitutionally kept outside the GST ambit as these comprise 26 per cent of their revenues - the Centre is likely to include these products in the new regime but tax these at the rate of zero per cent. States could continue to levy sales tax or value-added tax on these, while the Centre would retain its right to impose excise duty. Such a mechanism will protect the revenues of both states and the Centre, and the GST chain, too, will not be broken.
A LONG TAXING ROAD
ORIGINAL SCHEDULE: GST was to originally come into effect from April 1, 2010
CONSENSUS ELUSIVE: The implementation was delayed as the Centre and states were not on the same page on several issues
CST BARRIER: There were differences over compensation to states for their loss on account of a cut in central sales tax; the issue has now been resolved
DEMANDS GALORE:  States want GST compensation to be provided for in the Constitution; demand that petroleum products be kept out of GST and entry tax not be subsumed in the indirect tax regime
PLEASE-ALL PATH: The Centre is not ready to yield to states’ demand on entry tax but it is trying to tread a middle path on all other issues
However, the Centre does not seem inclined to yield to states' demand that entry tax be kept outside GST. It is firm that the tax will have to be subsumed in the new indirect tax regime.
On the issue of petroleum products, a senior finance ministry official, who did not wish to be named, said: "We are working out a formula where their revenues can be protected. We are suggesting subsuming these products in GST but making these zero-rated. The idea has been discussed with a few states and the response seems positive."
The inclusion of petroleum products in GST makes economic sense, as these products are a major input for other industries. If these are kept out of the GST framework, there would be cascading of taxes for all other sectors of the economy and the cost of production would increase. An exclusion would also disrupt audit trail and cause revenue leakages.
Both Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and Revenue Secretary Shaktikanta Das are individually speaking to state finance ministers and senior officials. The idea is to bring them on board before the next meeting of the empowered committee of state finance ministers, likely next month on the members' return from China, where they are visiting later this month to study that country's GST model.
On states' demand for GST compensation, the official quoted earlier said: "Why do states want a provision in the Constitution? The key issue is the trust factor. Do you really need to amend Constitution for that? We are working out an arrangement to build a legal framework by which compensation can be given."
Though the official did not elaborate on what legal backing could be provided, it is likely the 14th Finance Commission's recommendations, to come next month, would suggest a mechanism for compensation in the event of revenue loss to states. The commission, headed by former Reserve Bank of India Governor, Y V Reddy, is likely to meet states on Wednesday to get their views on the issue.
Some states, particularly the Bharatiya Janata Party-ruled ones like Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat, have become more receptive to the Centre's suggestions on GST since a change of guard at the Centre in May. However, exclusion of petroleum and GST compensation are states' common concerns.
"Petroleum should be out initially. You cannot put your biggest revenue-earning egg in the same basket (as other indirect taxes). But the real issue is compensation. We don't know what will be the revenue implications of this new tax. If we are guaranteed full compensation, we have no problem," said a state official involved in the talks who did not wish to be named.
The states' concerns on GST compensation stem from their past experience with regard to Central Sales Tax (CST) compensation. To avoid CST-like confusions, they are insisting on a provision in the Constitution.
The finance ministers during the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) rule had put the condition that CST compensation would be released only when states agree on the rollout of GST. Jaitley, however, has given his word to the states that their dues of Rs 34,000 crore would be cleared over a period of three years. The Centre is confident that states would not make any loss under GST, as they would get to share service tax revenue with it. It is unwilling to yield on a constitutional provision because compensation to states is proposed for only five years; "the Constitution cannot be changed every now and then".
The Centre's unwillingness to keep entry tax in lieu of octroi outside GST comes from the understanding that excluding so many taxes from GST might defeat the purpose of making India a common market. Also, such a move would push up the revenue-neutral rate for GST. The Centre might suggest that states could levy additional State GST (SGST), within a band, to protect their revenues after entry tax is subsumed.
 Advertisements

The most credible Congress chehra remains that of Sonia | Rahul aims to tighten grip on party(And yet, without a member…)
By: Neerja Chowdhury
That Congressmen should be at war with each other, when the party is down to a measly 44 Lok Sabha seats, may sound incredible. It is not as if the youth brigade and the old guard are fighting over spoils. The kitty is empty. But that is what happens when a party's fortunes slump. When the leadership gets weakened, knives get unsheathed.
The jibes by members of the Congress' old guard—Janardhan Dwivedi and Digvijaya Singh—may be an expression of the angst many senior leaders feel about being left out of the "new dispensation" being put in place by Rahul Gandhi. It may also be a preemptive strike, either to be included in the reconstituted team (whenever it takes place) or to say that they were excluded because they spoke up.
Dwivedi exhorted the Congress' youth brigade not to go public on issues, but it is he who first went public on the need to revisit "job reservations" before the LS polls, or for the over-70s to withdraw from active politics.
Madhusudan Mistry—an old guard, but in the Rahul team—had a point when he asked why the seniors did not express their views to the High Command earlier. They were after all a part of the decisionmaking process. But it is also a fact that senior leaders did not have ready access to Rahul. As for the "retaliation" by 14 secretaries of Team Rahul, it only accentuated the divide in the party.
The war in Congress is not about issues; it is about attacking, or defending, Rahul.
Some of Rahul's travails have stemmed from his diffidence to lead the party from the front. He may have chafed against the existing Congress culture, he may have wanted to bring changes in the party's functioning, but instead of taking charge of the main Congress organisation—that is the only to wield authority in a party like the Congress built on an edifice of power and patronage—for many years, he tinkered with the functioning of the NSUI and Youth Congress. Had Rahul spoken in Parliament during the last ten years on a host of issues—as the younger Congress spokespersons appointed by him are doing, mobilising facts, arguments,viewpoints to counter the opponent— he might not have been so hesitant today.
While the transition of leadership has clearly taken place inside the BJP, from the Vajpayee-Advani era to one headed by Narendra Modi, the process remains unfinished in the Congress. Rahul is in charge of the party for all practical purposes, and yet not in charge.
Many believe the Congress story might have panned out differently had Rahul joined the government in 2011-12— Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan has said as much—and maybe taken over the reins of government. (Dr Manmohan Singh could have moved to Rashtrapati Bhavan.) This might have had its own impact on the 2012 UP elections, with politics taking a different trajectory. But that, now, is history.
And yet, without a member of the Gandhi family to lead it, the Congress is likely to split into several factions, and that is the hard reality today.
It is not the party's defeat which bothers many Congressmen and women today. It is the absence of someone to lead from the front, who inspires confidence in the rank and file. The Congress was mauled in 1977 but there was an Indira Gandhi to fight back and she had turned around the situation within a year and was back in power in less than three years.
With Rahul not having clicked, and Priyanka having said a "no" to any position in the party, the ball is back in the court of Sonia Gandhi who had hoped to take a back step in 2014. Though her health is not what it used to be, she has reactivated herself, and is meeting a large number of party persons to get their ideas on how to move forward. It is a paradox in some ways that of all the Congress "chehras", the most credible one today belongs to the "foreignorigin" bahu of the Nehru-Gandhi clan.
 
In 1998, Sonia came out of the shadows to prevent the party from splintering, and kept the Congress unified over the last sixteen years. It is an irony that she should once again be called to play that role in 2014, but in much more trying circumstances, particularly with many Congressmen moving away to greener pastures.
Also 2014 is not 1977, when a motley group of Janata leaders at war with each other was easier to fell. Today there is a Narendra Modi at the head of government, endowed with a legitimacy, of a BJP in a majority.
As a start, Sonia will have to bridge this youth-versus-age divide in the party. Rahul may want his own team in place, but even strongman Modi has had to share power, giving prime positions to Rajnath Singh and Sushma Swaraj.
Sonia may have to decentralise power to rebuild the organisation. To hold genuine CWC elections. To give an autonomy of functioning to state satraps, so that a new leadership evolves.
FEATURED ARTICLES

AMCs kit up financial advisors to guide investorsAMCs kit up financial advisors to guide investors
Mkt needs Rs 12 000 cr every month to sustain rallyYou are here: Home > Collections
Market needs Rs 12,000 crore every month to sustain current rally
Biswajit Baruah, ET Bureau Sep 6, 2014, 10.23AM IST
Tags:
FII
(The rally in August makes…)
The Indian market needs at least $2 billion, or Rs 12,000 crore, every month for the current bull-market rally to sustain, an analysis of data from the past several months shows. The rally in August makes this clearer, with mutual funds finally staging the rescue act, pumping in about Rs 7,000 crore as foreign institutional investor ( FII ) flows started withering. FIIs have invested $887 million, or Rs 5,429 crore, in the past month, which is about one-third of the previous five-month average flows ($2.3 billion).
The Indian market is the best performing one globally this year, with the Bombay Stock Exchange's benchmark Sensex gaining about 30% in dollar terms. FIIs have been the main drivers of the rally, investing more than $13 billion this year so far, the highest in an emerging market.The Sensex has been hitting new highs every month since March, when it crossed the 22,000 mark.
But, the journey henceforth won't be an easy task unless local equities continue to attract inflows of more than Rs 12,000 crore month after month.
FEATURED ARTICLES

D-St adds $400 bn to global m-cap so far in 2014Dalal Street
(The victory of Narendra…)
MUMBAI: India has become a dominant force when it comes to building global equity wealth . This year as the global market cap hit $66 trillion, it did so with the help of the tailwind generated by a strong domestic market performance.
Global equity market cap has risen 6.06% to $66 trillion so far in 2014 and India's market cap has grown the fastest to $1.5 trillion from $1.1 trillion. The Asian country's contribution was 10%, or $400 billion, to global market cap with the Sensex emerging the world's best-performing index.
India also attracted the highest FII flows among the emerging markets with over $13 billion received so far this year.
"The undercurrent of markets is very bullish," said Nirmal Jain, chairman & managing director at IIFL. "We expect markets to hit new highs going forward, and our March 2015 target is 9,000 for the Nifty . We expect markets to sustain the current levels, as we see recovery in the economy and corporate earnings, though there might be minor corrections here and there."
Stocks have gained nearly 50% since the low of 17,903 for the Sensex in August last year. The victory of Narendra Modi-led BJP in the May 2014 election has provided a major boost to investors tired of tepid economic growth and a weak government.
'Markets Should Double in Five Years'
The Sensex has climbed 16.5% since Modi's victory on May 16 and it is currently trading at 16.5 times one year forward earnings, the highest among emerging markets. This has caused some unease among investors who believe stocks are fairly valued and the scope for upside is limited "I expect that markets should double in the next five years and I would be surprised if this doesn't happen. I expect money flows to come in from domestic investors, global investors, and from real estate over this period," said Ramdeo Agrawal, co-founder and joint managing director at Motilal Oswal Financial Services.
India's GDP grew at 5.7% in the first quarter of the current fiscal year, exceeding market expectations. The macro-economic data is looking positive, economic activity is expected to gather steam by 2015 and GDP growth rate might hit the 7% mark in the next two years, some analysts say.
"We continue to reinforce our message that earnings are set to double over the next four years, and the market returns could mirror earnings growth," said Jyotivardhan Jaipuria, head of research at DSP Merrill Lynch.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Monkey Study: Ebola Vaccine Works  Needs BoosterAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Five States contributed to half of PSU investments between 2008 and 2013New Delhi, September 7, 2014
Updated: September 7, 2014 11:50 IST
‘Five States contributed half of PSU investments between 2008 and 2013’
IANS
economy, business and finance
According to a study by the Associated Chambers of Commerce & Industry of India (Assocham), 50 per cent of the major investments – amounting to Rs.5.5 lakh crore ($91 billion) - between 2008-09 and 2012-13 in Central Public Sector Enterprises (CPSEs) came from five States.
Topping the list, Maharashtra alone claimed 20 per cent in the total, followed by Andhra Pradesh (8.4 per cent), Tamil Nadu (8.1 percent), Odisha (6.7 per cent) and Uttar Pradesh (6.2 per cent), the study said.
The investment would have been much more with improved employment generation had there not been delays in execution and implementation of the new projects, the study added.
“Investment is a function of the state of economy, historical base of the concerned CPSE, industrial environment and the push factor of the states besides priorities of the central government. Despite talks of autonomy, the public sector investment decisions are influenced by several factors other than pure commercial considerations,” Assocham Secretary General D.S. Rawat said.
The other States in the list included West Bengal (5.3 per cent), Chhattisgarh (4.8 per cent), Assam (3.9 per cent), Madhya Pradesh (3.8 per cent) and Himachal Pradesh (3.4 percent).
“The CPSEs investment growth rate was recorded at 9.05 percent in 2012-13 on a year-on-year basis as compared to 13.42 percent in 2011-12, 9.48 percent in 2010-11 and 15.52 percent in 2009-10,” the paper said.

The effect of Russia sanctions on European companiesthe effect of russia sanctions on european companies
Taco Bell Tacos Keep Getting Less and Less Taco-LikeName that sauce.
Courtesy of Taco Bell
Some five months have passed since Taco Bell debuted its new breakfast menu complete with its star item, the waffle taco. The syrup-drenched fold of meat and eggs shot Taco Bell into the fast-food spotlight and quickly became the chain's most talked-about item. In recent months, though, the allure of the waffle taco has started to wear off and interest in Taco Bell (at least as tracked by Google Trends ) has declined. Which might explain why the Yum! Brands company is now testing a fresh take on its earlier success.
The biscuit taco, as the new item is called, is rolling out in a handful of locations near Orange County and Los Angeles. A company briefing describes it as a "warm, flaky, golden brown biscuit that happens to be shaped in the form of a taco." The biscuit taco can come with egg, cheese, and bacon or sausage for a breakfast flavor or crispy chicken with gravy or honey for a Southern take. The chicken varieties also get a drizzle of Taco Bell's "NEW signature jalapeño honey sauce," which we can only assume is the gelatinous orange goop displayed in the sample photo atop this post.
Advertisement
Whether the biscuit taco is in fact "warm" and "flaky" is hard to judge from the photo (having not tasted one, Slate will withhold judgment). But one thing can be sure: The biscuit taco is evidence that Taco Bell's taco-branded products are becoming less and less taco-like. Could this signal an existential crisis for the Taco Bell taco? Sure, the waffle taco was a stretch. But the fast-food breakfast wars were raging and Taco Bell needed something that stood out. And with its more pliant shell, fold of meat, and topping of eggs and syrup, at least the waffle taco kind of looked like a taco. The biscuit taco does not. In fact, it sounds like something that would be better off on the morning menu at fellow Yum! Brands chain KFC, perhaps alongside the a.m. original recipe platter or the waffle and eggs. The biscuit taco is many things. A taco is not one of them.
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.
 

After stroke  marine seeks return to ItalyPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 7, 2014 1:26 pm
Massimiliano Latorre, one of the Italian marines facing murder charges in India, has submitted a request to the Supreme Court to allow him to return to Italy for his “more rapid and complete recovery” after he suffered a condition similar to a mild stroke.
Latorre’s lawyers have submitted a request to the Supreme Court of India for his return to Italy to allow his more rapid and complete recovery, ANSA News Agency reported quoting Italian Defence Ministry.
An initial hearing is scheduled for Monday. The request for return of chief Latorre is “motivated by the illness that necessitated admission (last Sunday) in a hospital in New Delhi, the agency said.
Latorre was hospitalised with a condition similar to a mild stroke earlier this week and Italian Defence Minister Roberta Pinotti also flew to check on his condition and to show support for his family members, who are with him in India.
The marine has been responding well to treatment in the neurology department after he lost consciousness due to mild cerebral ischemia, or restriction of blood supply, the doctors were quoted as saying by the news agency.
After the incident, Italian Foreign Minister Federica Mogherini had said in Rome, “As it has always been in these months, we follow the case of the two marine riflemen every day, with the aim of bringing them back to Italy, it is a priority for the government.”
“I feel close to Massimiliano Latorre and I wish with all my heart that he can get back as soon as possible,” Mogherini had said in a statement. Latorre and Salvatore Girone are charged with murder of two Indian fishermen during an anti-piracy mission while guarding the privately owned Italian-flagged oil-tanker MT Enrica Lexie off the coast of Kerala on February 15, 2012.
They are living at the Italian embassy here after being detained two-and-a-half-years ago. Rome has protested the long series of delays in the case, which has soured diplomatic ties between Italy and India.

Child marriage worse than rape  says Delhi courtPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 7, 2014 11:03 am
Child marriage “is an evil worse than rape” and should be completely eradicated from society, said a Delhi court while ordering registration of a case against a girl’s parents for getting her married at a tender age.
Metropolitan magistrate Shivani Chauhan issued the direction while hearing a case of dowry harassment filed by the girl’s parents against her husband and in-laws.
While ordering lodging of case, the court held that “giving and taking dowry is punishable under the law”. The court directed the police to register a case under the appropriate provisions of the “Prohibition of Child Marriage Act” and under the Dowry Prohibition Act against the parents of the 14-year-old girl as well as her in-laws, against whom a domestic violence case was already registered.
“Child marriage is an evil worst than rape and should be completely eradicated from the society. This would not be possible if the stakeholders like State fail to take appropriate action against the offenders.
“The court is not expected to sit as a mute spectator and let the evil perpetrate,” the magistrate said while directing the DCP, South, to file status report by October 19. The court pulled up the girl’s parents, saying that they too had committed a “serious offence”.
“There are serious outcomes of child marriage. It is the worst form of domestic violence against the child, not only by the respondents (husband and his family)but also by her own parents.
“Child brides have a diminished chance of completing their education and are at a higher risk of being physically abused, contracting HIV and other diseases, and dying while pregnant or giving birth,” the magistrate observed, adding that luckily this girl was “healthy”.
“… But this does not in any way diminish the seriousness of the offence which her own parents, relatives and the husband are alleged to have committed upon her person,” the court added.

Out of my mind: Binary battlesWritten by Meghnad Desai | Posted: September 7, 2014 12:13 am | Updated: September 7, 2014 10:02 am
 
The fashion of measuring performance by the first 100 days was set by President Franklin D Roosevelt. As the US was in the shadow of the Great Depression, action was urgent in March 1933. Narendra Modi did not face a Depression, but just a demoralised nation panting for change. Expectations were high even though he had promised no 100-day agenda.
So far so good. On the front of normal politics — economic and foreign policy, judicial reform and energy or environment fronts — the government has delivered, although its tone has been consensual, not confrontational. The stock market has been happy and hopefully the growth rate in the coming quarter will keep up at the higher rate set in the first quarter. The next 100 days may be even more interesting than the last 100.
But while the apex-level performance has been consensual, and the bread and butter, or perhaps the dal chaawal, issues are fine, there is commotion at the bottom on issues of culture and identity. Before the election, the scare story was that Modi would unleash a communal agenda from above. While he has been talking of  inclusion, there is no mood for moderation at the BJP grassroots. For many activists, this is the moment they have been waiting for. It is score settling time. A number of small conflagrations have broken out on the Hindu-Muslim front. While many people feel Modi should immediately disown these actions, he has been too busy and too far from the fray to intervene except on big occasions — such as the Independence Day speech.
Even the most organised political parties cannot be micro-managed by the top leadership. Just look at the problems David Cameron faces. Indian political parties are like old Royal Indian armies used to be — a loose collection of local leaders each with his own force. In UP, there has been an ongoing communal war ever since Mayawati lost power. The Samajwadi Party realised the fragility of the Muslim-Yadav vote bank and began wooing the Jats of Ajit Singh’s RLD. The BJP fought on the same turf and the result has been seen in Muzaffarnagar and many other places. As it is, UP is a lawless state as its women can testify. Add to that the imminence of by-elections, this saga will run and run.
A very different front has been opened up by the auxiliary troops of the RSS and VHP, which is separate from the communal agenda, but very often confused with it. This is the cultural identity agenda of the Parivar. Here again there are two strands. One is the reiteration of Veer Savarkar’s argument that a nation has to be defined in ethnic terms. This is a European notion he picked up, where he believed a nation could not be multi-ethnic. Hence Hindutva, for him, was not a religious identity, but a territorial one. The word Hinduism was the 1871 Census classificatory term for the adherents of the continued…

Fifth column: Love jihad vs real jihadIt is true that most ordinary Muslims have no sympathy for the jihad, but it is time for leaders of the community to speak up more clearly. (Source: PTI photos)
Written by Tavleen Singh | Posted: September 7, 2014 12:13 am
Hindu self-loathing always puzzles me, but last week it left me really confused. On the day that Ayman al-Zawahiri sent us his latest movie announcing an Indian base for the worldwide jihad , most Hindu commentators responded by apologising in different ways. Television reporters went off in search of ordinary Muslims and allowed them to vent their rage against America. Most said the Zawahiri video was a fake. ‘Muslims are not allowed to kill innocent people…Islam is a religion of peace.’ The reporters asked no further questions. On TV chat shows, I was appalled to hear learned commentators describe the jihad as a direct consequence of India’s ‘ill-treatment of Muslims’. And, then came the Congress party’s opinion on the matter. Rahul Gandhi’s mentor, Digvijaya Singh, said that al-Qaeda was only another face of the RSS.
Personally, I think very poorly of the RSS. I believe that the aged men who control this ‘cultural’ organisation have diminished India’s immeasurable contribution to world civilisation by reducing it to religion. But, to compare the RSS to al-Qaeda is a dangerous lie. It invokes memories of Rahul Gandhi telling the US ambassador to India (according to WikiLeaks) that Hindu terrorism was a bigger threat to India than jihadi terrorism.
Self-loathing so blinds Hindus that the Indian media has barely covered the rise of ISIS except when they kidnapped Indian citizens. So most Indians remain unaware of the frightening reality that the Islamic State now is a country the size of Jordan. This new ‘caliphate’ controls an army of brutal killers, oil wells, dams and cities. Its leaders have shown us a vision of governance that makes North Korea look like utopia. Women have no rights in the ‘caliphate’, adulterers are stoned to death and journalists beheaded. These are things that the ‘Caliph’ is so proud of that he makes videos and posts them on the Internet. It seems that nobody has reminded the ‘Caliph’ lately that Islam is a ‘religion of peace’. Or that Muslims mention mercy (Rahim) as one of the attributes of the Prophet every time they take his name.
If in India we continue to ignore what is happening in Allah’s name, not just in Syria and Iraq but in our immediate neighbourhood, then the jihadi dream of ruling India once more will come true. It is time to stop being politically correct, and draw some red lines before it is too late. The first of these lines should be that there is no place in India for the kind of Islam that exists in the new ‘caliphate’. The second of these lines is continued…

Inside track: Lead drummerNarendra Modi is particularly adept at the drums because, for several years, he had led the RSS annual parade march as the “ghoshna boy (announcer)”. (Source: AP photos)
Written by Coomi Kapoor | Posted: September 7, 2014 12:30 am
The audience was enchanted when, in an impromptu gesture, Prime Minister Narendra Modi picked up a pair of drum sticks and started playing the Taiko drums during a cultural event in Tokyo. He engaged in a jugalbandi with traditional Japanese drummers with ease. Earlier, he played the flute with a group of Japanese children. Modi is familiar with both musical instruments since RSS recruits as part of their training are taught to play the drums and flute. He is particularly adept at the drums because, for several years, he had led the RSS annual parade march as the “ghoshna boy (announcer)”.
Continuing role
The NGO Citizens for Accountable Governance founded by Prashant Kishor played a significant role in popularising Narendra Modi and his achievements during the election campaign. Kishor put together an army of skilled professionals, including business management and IIT graduates, many of whom gave up their jobs to join the campaign. Kishor was also the brains behind the Chai pe Charcha programme. Hundred days after Modi came to power, CAG is still active, with wellwishers paying for its members. Kishor, who is stationed in Gujarat, is emphatic that his organisation will not join the government or work for the coming Assembly elections. Though he refuses to disclose his plans, Kishor seems to have had some discussion with the PM and offered his think-tank’s services for monitoring government programmes.
New-age journalism
Narendra Modi’s aversion for the media was very evident during his trip to Japan. The PM did not meet the media. Instead, the MEA simply prepared  a brief resume of the PM’s daily activities in Japan and e-mailed it to correspondents. In an unusual step, the MEA also produced a propaganda video on Indo-Japanese  relations. In addition, Doordarshan and the official media put out several videos on the Internet of the PM at a tea ceremony, feeding fish, visiting the Akasaka Palace and so on. Modi changed his outfits several times a day, conscious that in this new age, visual impact can be more important than sound bytes.
Advani grounded
To compensate for being removed from the BJP parliamentary board, L K Advani was recently made a member of a powerless new body of elders, the Margdarshak Mandal (guiding group). Advani has garnered several sops thanks to his age and seniority. He has his own office at Parliament House. When the PM addresses party MPs, he sits on the dais next to Narendra Modi. He had a front row seat at the Independence Day function. However, the party drew the line at hiring a chartered flight for him when he made a request. He was politely informed that continued…

From the discomfort Zone: Shake shake scaleThe attitude of egging on people to become big and global, to smile, talk and share with strangers is a very North American trait. (Source: Reuters photo)
Written by Shombit Sengupta | Posted: September 7, 2014 12:32 am
Growthmania, the need to scale up, is the American spirit of blossoming. From business, entertainment, living style to science and research, Americans always see everything big. I learnt how important it is to design products for mass-scale production from them.
When Europeans arrived in this gigantic island since the 15th century, they got wealthy very fast. Land was free, vast forests gave them animals to hunt, wood for home building; there were many kinds of minerals such as coal and oil to extract. They overpowered the native population and became the first industrialised capitalistic society. It’s possible that because the large immigrant population combined to form one continent-like country speaking one language, the feeling of scale is embedded in Americans. For six centuries now, the world recognises ‘bigness’ to be their culture.
I was recently watching Michael Jackson’s last rehearsals for his comeback concerts in London in 2007. After his shocking death, the rehearsals became a famous documentary film called This Is It. The enormity of the rehearsal preparation is unbelievable. He had advertised for and auditioned the best dancers from across the globe, then invited the rapturous chosen ones to join him for the performance. The large scale and global dimension of this rehearsal, its high-quality routines, maintenance of clockwork discipline, hundreds of people controlling the stage lights and settings, and Jackson’s passion for perfection, are great entertainment by itself. The public would never have seen this in the actual performance. Only those present as participants during rehearsals would have enjoyed this phenomenon of the King of Pop’s gigantic practice sessions.
Another American example is of a Xerox corporation salesperson, the first from a poor Jewish family to go to college who then joined a Swedish drip coffee maker manufacturer called Hammerplast. In 1981, he was curious to know why a fledgling whole bean coffee shop in Seattle had ordered so many plastic cone filters from Hammerplast. Impressed with this client’s passion and knowledge of coffee, he joined them as marketing director the next year. On a business trip to Italy’s Milan he noted that almost every street or public square had espresso coffee cafes that people frequented for social or official meetings. Italy boasted of some 2,00,000 such cafes. Returning to Seattle, he tried persuading his employers to adopt the cafe concept, but they were not interested. Fired by the coffee retail business he totally believed in, he took a gamble to become an entrepreneur. His enthusiasm was such that even his previous employer gave him $100,000 to start business. By 1986, he raised $400,000 to open his first store and two years later bought his previous employer’s coffee shop and brand name for $3.8 million. This big dreamer is Howard Schultz, the CEO of Starbucks. He aggressively grew and expanded Starbucks from continued…

Flip side: The visitors bookCBI director Ranjit Sinha
Written by Dilip Bobb | Posted: September 7, 2014 12:51 am
CBI Director Ranjit Sinha’s case diaries would make for great reading, but so did his visitor’s book — many of whom were about to be booked. Guards are meant to provide a sense of security, but they could also do the opposite if their notations of entries and exits of visitors to VIP homes are released as an open book. In the current spirit of ‘open-bookedness’, the diaries of other VIP residences have been made public. Here are some of the more interesting ones.
7, Race Course Road: Date: August 28. Mr Chaurasia and Mr Khan. Profession: specialists in teaching the flute and drums. Mr Kaisekahe. Profession: Japanese language expert. Mr Pankaj Singh. Profession: politician, son of Home Minister. Troy Costa+two trunks. Profession: fashion designer. Date: September 5. Doordarshan crew with Smriti Irani. Group of teachers and group of parents (refused entry). September 6: Troy Costa+two trunks with stars and stripes. Mr Braganza. Profession: saxophone player. Mr Thomas Cook. Profession: expert in US visa. Mr Prasad. Profession: founder, Gift a Gita Society.
Rahul Gandhi: Standing Instructions: Old Guard to be replaced with new guards. September 1: Ajay Maken. Digvijaya Singh (refused entry). Ajay Maken. A K Antony+copy of Antony Report on 2014 elections. Group of 16 AICC secretaries. Priyanka Gandhi.  Ajay Maken. Mr Gyan. Profession: political science teacher. Mr Dambara. Profession: expert on inflation. Mr Khera. Profession: expert on public speaking. Mr Bijli: expert on power shortage. Mr Chamcha. Profession: to polish silver spoon. September 5: flunkies to set up TV set to allow Rahul to watch the Prime Minister talk to children.
2, Janpath: Permanent visitors for Mr and Mrs Sinha: Three cooks from ITBP.  One cobbler from ITBP. One barber from ITBP. One tailor from ITBP. Visitor diary keeper from unknown agency. September 1: Prashant Bhushan+one bulky package. Profession: lawyer/politician/NGO activist/whistleblower. September 5: Vikas Singh. Profession: Ranjit Sinha’s lawyer. September 6: doorman, waiting to show Mr Sinha the door.
Sonia Gandhi: September 2: Manmohan Singh (waiting room). Ahmed Patel. Abhishek Singhvi, Congress spokesman. Sheila Dikshit. 12 members of Old Guard. Digvijaya Singh. September 3: Manmohan Singh (waiting room). Priyanka Gandhi. Ahmed Patel. Oscar Fernandes. R S Cheema. Profession: lawyer, representing board of National Herald. Sheila Dikshit. Eight members of Old Guard. September 4: Manmohan Singh (waiting patiently in waiting room). Sheila Dikshit. Two members of Old Guard. September 5: Manmohan Singh (still in waiting room). Sheila Dikshit (joins him in waiting room). One remaining member of Old Guard, Janardhan Dwivedi, who had suggested all leaders above a certain age should quit party posts. September 6: Digvijaya Singh,after his comment that Rahul’s silence on critical issues had played a role in the party’s electoral defeat. Janardan Dwivedi. Rahul Gandhi. Priyanka Gandhi. Digvijaya Singh. Flunky carrying peace pipe. Flunky carrying hatchet. A K Antony carrying Antony report which absolved leadership of blame for losing 2014 election. September 7: changing of continued…

Hiking the Tour du Mont BlancA Bryde’s whale, flooding in Phoenix, Prince Harry with Maori dancers, the harvest supermoon and more.
SECTION: !!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=3, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=15, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=3, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=15, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published /1410350627944/ tracking: {slug=hiking-the-tour-du-mont-blanc, category=} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 10, 2014 12:03:47 PM close date: Sep 24, 2014 12:03:47 PM
SuperFan Badge

Businesses are testing employees body fat and paying them to lose weightComments
By Aaron Gregg September 7
Wellness programs have slowly gained traction with large employers over the past decade, as businesses find that healthier employees are cheaper to insure.
Initially, these programs had little impact on an employee’s finances: A company might sponsor a weight loss seminar or offer a $20 gift card for filling out a health questionnaire.
But new employer surveys suggest businesses are moving toward giving direct cash rewards for making improvements to specific health outcomes, such as body fat or cholesterol — and testing employees regularly to monitor improvements.
Forty-eight percent of employers surveyed by Towers Watson in 2014 said they are considering such measures, compared with 14 percent in the same survey four years ago.
The results can influence how much a person pays for health care. Under many programs, a third party might be hired to regularly test participating employees on metrics such as body fat, cholesterol, blood pressure and a range of other health measures deemed to be reasonably within an employee’s power to change.
When the lab results come back, a private health coach or service communicates the information to the employee and assigns a health score that determines an employee’s reward. The employer never sees the test results and doesn’t know which employees have been rewarded or penalized; they just see the aggregate numbers.
By law, these incentives cannot be more than 30 percent of an employee’s premium, potentially forming a sizeable chunk of a given employee’s paycheck (or 50 percent for anti-smoking programs). This limit increased from 20 percent this past January because of a little-known provision in the Affordable Care Act.
Researchers at Towers Watson said employers are embracing cash incentives tied to health tests because they think they will be better motivators than the “participation-based” programs used in the past. For example, increasing a smoker’s monthly premium might be more effective for getting them to quit than offering a seminar on tobacco addiction.
“We are seeing more and more employers intrigued by this approach because they have not been able to get results from a purely participation-based incentive,” said Randy Abbott, a senior researcher in charge of the employer survey at Towers Watson.
There has been some pushback. One program at Penn State University would have docked employees’ pay by $100 each month for refusing to take an online questionnaire and submit to a series of biometric tests, but university executives canceled the program after Rep. Louise Slaughter, a Democrat from New York, responded to public uproar by asking the federal Employee Equal Opportunity Commission to investigate the matter.
In other cases, employees welcome the incentives, treating the extra cash as a better reason to keep a New Year’s resolution.
“We find that many employees are actually very happy that employers are offering these things,” said LuAnn Heinen, vice president of the National Business Group on Health.
Related:

Tatas Vistara spreads wings to poach rivalsTatas Vistara spreads wings to poach rivals
Volkswagen  Skoda set to rework India strat...Mahesh Kodumudi
("We are rationalising our…)
MUMBAI: Sharing of car platforms and technology is common, especially among alliance partners like Volkswagen-Skoda and Renault-Nissan. But the concept hasn't delivered the desired result in India so far, because of a very thin line of differentiation between models, and the auto makers are correcting their strategies.
Renault and Nissan have already decided that they won't do any more cross badging from the Franco-Japanese alliance in India. The Volkswagen Group is following suit. VW is reworking on a product portfolio strategy, which clearly looks into deeper differentiation of products sold by Volkswagen and its Czech unit Skoda in India, along with entry-level cars from Audi, said Mahesh Kodumudi, managing director of Volkswagen India and the German group's chief representative in the country.
The aim is to avoid the brands of Skoda Volkswagen eating into each other's sales. The upcoming face-lifted versions of the Volkswagen Vento and Skoda Rapid, two models which look very similar at present, are expected to look significant different. The new Rapid is likely to take cues from Skoda's successful Octavia model and Volkswagen will add its own element of differentiation to the Vento.
Interestingly, Skoda has outsourced technical development responsibility to Mahindra Engineering Services and Volkswagen was in talks with Chennai-based Hinduja Tech, formerly Defiance Technologies, for the Vento facelift.
Apart from differentiating the product on appearance, price and brand pitch, the group that also comprises luxury brands such as Audi, Lamborghini and Porsche is carefully looking at timing of launches from associated companies to avoid cannibalisation.
According to Pradeep Saxena, executive director at marketing research firm TNS Automotive, having differentiated products is important but the difference has to be substantive enough for prospective customer to identify.
"More importantly, I feel the brands within the VW Group need to define the independent brand tenets clearly and effectively communicate it in the market. And the differentiated proposition is something that the customers should be looking for, whether it is fuel efficiency, style, durability or something else. Otherwise the strategy may not be effective."
Kodumudi does admit that the Rapid and Vento weren't articulated that well at the development stage. Differentiations between Skoda and VW products were discussed, but the group didn't analyse the differentiation that carefully, he said. "Going back in 2011, it was a growing market, people thought there was space for everybody to grow. But then we realised in the last two years that it was not the case. Going forward, that is the lesson learnt," he said.
"We are rationalising our brands much better now. We are doing much more homework and due diligence in the last one to one-andhalf year." Before the launch of the Rapid, Volkswagen Vento's sales were 2,800-3,000 units a month.
Post the Rapid's entry, the volume has come down to 2,000 units in fiscal 2013 and 1,600 in the following year ended in March 2014. Skoda Rapid sold around 1,600-1,700 units per month. Between April and July this year, the Vento posted just 800-900 units a month, whereas the Rapid averaged about 750, which is just 10-12% of the average sales by the mid-size segment leader, the Honda City.
In fiscal 2014, the combined sales of Vento (19,131) and Rapid (13,256) were 32,387 units, which was lower than the peak sales of Vento alone in fiscal 2012, when VW sold 34,067 units of the sedan. That means, even with combined volumes, VW as a group has lost out within a couple of years. But it's not the company's strategy alone to be blamed. The mid-size segment's size declined to 1,55,089 units in fiscal 2014 from 2,04,000 the previous year. Also, both models didn't have any major face-lifts. Honda has recently launched an all-new City.
  Kodumudi said pricing and brand positioning are two aspects of differentiation. "For future products, we are making sure we don't rebadge with some minor cosmetic changes. Badging of one as another and with prices overlapping each other is a sure recipe for cannibalisation," he said. "We will stop doing that."
They are exploring other options as well. For instance, if Skoda enters the entry-level small car market, then VW may not. That means, one may introduce a hatchback and the other use the same platform to bring a sedan. Because of Skoda's early entry, the Czech brand has managed to establish a premium positioning for itself. Globally Volkswagen is seen as a more premium brand than Skoda.
India probably is the only market, where VW and Skoda brand occupy the same position of premiumness. Saxena feels clearing the confusion between the brands is a minor hurdle, but clearly defining which competitive brands do they intend to take on and how will be more critical.
"It is not that Skoda has filled the premium position and there is no room for VW. Both can co-exist with differentiation," Kodumudi said. "The DNA of Skoda will be simply clever ideas with cues towards good design. VW is more about the innovation, built quality and durability."
FEATURED ARTICLES

M&M planning alliances with global players f...Mahindra and Mahindra planning alliances with global players like Ssangyong, Saab and Peugeot Citroen
Lijee Philip, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
europe
(M&M is working out a joint…)
MUMBAI: Mahindra & Mahindra is looking to strengthen its global presence even as its sales have been shrinking in the local market, and industry experts say alliances with global auto majors could play a key role.
The Mumbai-based company is working out a joint entry strategy in key markets with Korean unit Ssangyong Motor and exploring alliance opportunities with Swedish carmaker Saab and Peugeot Citroen of France, people in the know said.
M&M is considering riding piggyback on Ssangyong in Russia, which is the Korean unit's largest export market. In China, where Ssangyong just made its entry, M&M will make its presence felt after Ssangyong has settled in completely. In Chile, M&M and Ssangyong have independent strategies and don't intend to disturb that, said Executive Director Pawan Goenka.
While both brands have been successful in Africa, M&M is on a watch mode for the European markets. "Several years back, before we took over Ssangyong, the brand (Ssangyong) was strong in Europe. Then it lost some of its strength during the financial difficulties of the company. Now it is on a recovery path," said Goenka. And in another tough market, the US, Ssangyong has evinced interest and M&M still needs to firm up its plans.
M&M and Ssangyong are two independent brands and "we will cautiously address" both of them independently while taking advantage of possible synergies, said Goenka. The two companies are working on a coordinated global branding strategy, which will be put into action in four-six months.
An all-new product from Ssangyong, the X100 the compact SUV, will hit the market in January 2015. This will be the first platform to be launched by Ssangyong after it was acquired by M&M three years ago.
"There is an element of fatigue in the development work, however it could be a temporary blip," said Mahantesh Sabarad, deputy head research of SBICap Securities.
The company is trying to address that and the fill a gap in its product portfolio that is affecting sales. "There is a shift in consumer demand to compact SUVs, so our volumes are suffering a bit right now," said Goenka. It will launch three new platforms (two in the passenger segment and one in the commercial segment) in 2015. One of the engines will be a part of the family of engines jointly developed with Ssangyong.
While the two companies have yet to make any joint launch, for Goenka three years "is too short a time to jointly develop any product." Ssangyong was a small acquisition, according to Sabarad of SBICap Securities.
 
"With smaller risk, come smaller rewards. Now, M&M needs to go for a bigger risk and bigger reward." The market is abuzz with rumours of Mahindra looking at workable synergies with Saab and PSA Peugeot in brand and technology space.
"PSA are undoubtable technology leaders when it comes to diesel hybrids and are the inventors of the very promising hybrid air compressed technology. They have also developed two brilliant platforms for their future range of cars. So if Mahindra is able to acquire or participate in any of these powertrain technologies or platforms, they will be able to leapfrog into the future generation," said Gautam Sen, an automobile analyst based out of France.
M&M is always interested and looking at M&A opportunities in the automotive space, said Goenka. "While we meet CEOs of international auto companies, it does not mean that it is always to discuss a deal or will lead to an alliance or acquisition. Sometime it is just to discuss the state of the industry and to compare notes."
Responding to an email seeking comment, Jonathan Goodman, executive vice present of corporate communications at PSA Peugeot, said the company is "entirely focused" on its turnaround and "we have no comment to make on any rumours".
Incidentally, a diesel engine made under licence from Peugeot, called XDP4.90, was the mainstay of Mahindra for a long while during the 1980s and 1990s. So it wouldn't be the first time that Mahindra has turned to the French carmaker for technology. That technology agreement expired a long back and "we have moved on with our own engines and transmissions", said Goenka.
Recent international reports indicate that one of Saab's potential saviours could be Mahindra.
National Electric Vehicle Sweden, a Chinese-run company seeking to revive Saab, recently lost the right to use the brand's name as it negotiates with potential investors on a revival plan.
The Indian company was keen on acquiring Saab in 2012, only to be beaten by the current owner. Saab didn't respond to an email seeking comment.
"Saab was a highly respected brand in both Europe and the US, and had a small, but strong following," said Sen. "So, picking up Saab and using the brand could be a good way for Mahindra to make some headway into these markets. Even Ssangyong has had problems getting anywhere in Europe as many consumers believe that it is a Chinese brand. So re-branding (and redesigning) Ssangyong and Mahindra products into Saabs may work, if quality and design can come up to the expectations of the typically discerning Saab enthusiast," he said. "Having said that, relaunching a brand as specific as Saab would not be that easy either."
Goenka said despite the fall in sales for the past eight-nine months, M&M will continue to stay the course on product development and other investments.
"While there are many speculations that come about on Mahindra's acquisition interests, we are careful in finding the right opportunities. We take our time so as it brings value in the long run."
FEATURED ARTICLES

CII recipe for 7% growthCII recipe for 7% growth
Modi s diktat to ministries: Focus on merit in govt appointmentsModi s diktat to ministries: Focus on merit in govt appointments
NATO exercises in eastern Europe send signal to RussiaPress Trust of India | Riga | Posted: September 7, 2014 11:19 am
NATO continued military exercises in eastern Europe aimed at delivering a “loud and clear” message to Russia that the alliance will defend its members.
A large airdrop of troops at Latvia’s Lielvarde military base marked the latest stage of NATO’s Steadfast Javelin II training exercises which began on September 1 and continue until September 10.
A total of 2,000 troops from nine countries – including the US, Canada and Italy – are taking in the exercises which are spread across Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Poland and Germany. “Russia has ignored international law and defined itself as an aggressor,” Latvia’s Defence Minister Raimonds Vejonis told local LTV television on Saturday.
“We cannot define the enemy [in these exercises], but Russia is a country that poses a potential threat to European countries in general and to NATO.” The exercises are designed to improve the ability of NATO militaries to work together in complex operations, his ministry said in an earlier statement.
“Obviously there is a relevance to the crisis in Ukraine,” said Latvian General Hans-Lothar Domrose, adding that they tell “everyone loud and clear that NATO is ready to defend the territorial integrity of NATO member states.”
General Ed Davis, NATO’s deputy commander of land forces, told LTV that the alliance was building forces that can respond to a “more diverse and dynamic” threat “within 48 hours”.

Big reforms may take time: RBIBig reforms may take time: RBI
Air India to tie up with NBCC to offload assetsYou are here: Home > Collections
Air India to tie up with National Buildings Construction Corporation to offload assets
Ravi Teja Sharma & Mihir Mishra, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 04.19AM IST
Tags:
Air India
(The loss-making airline…)
NEW DELHI: Air India is likely to ink a memorandum of understanding with government-owned National Buildings Construction Corporation (NBCC) this month to help the flag carrier monetise its assets, after it failed to do so on its own.
The loss-making airline has been struggling to sell or lease its assets including land and buildings that the government recommended as part of a bailout plan in 2012.
"It's a generic MoU that allows NBCC to help Air India monetise its land assets and both of us have agreed on the terms. In the development process, land will be Air India's equity and our equity will be the investment in creating any infrastructure on the land. The profit from any asset will be shared according to the equity," said a top NBCC official, requesting anonymity.
The official added that the NBCC will develop only land and not the apartments and flats that Air India owns across the globe. According to the government's turnaround plan for Air India, the carrier needs to raise Rs 5,000 crore through sale and leasing of assets, which will be used for repayment of loans. The airline has a debt of Rs 40,000 crore, with an annual interest payment outlay of Rs 3,700 crore.
An Air India executive said that the airline has not been able to monetise assets primarily due to rules governing land acquisition. "Take the example of our land on Baba Kharag Singh Marg in New Delhi, which could have easily fetched us about Rs 900 crore. The land could not be sold or leased due to an issue with land use that bars us from using it for anything but ticketing offices," said the executive, who did not wish to be identified.
The executive added, "NBCC is an expert in these matters and we expect them to expedite our monetisation plan. The draft MoU is a generic one and we will be deciding the mode to be followed during monetisation later." Air India's finance department is studying three models for monetisation - outright sale, where Air India sells everything to NBCC and keeps the money; letting NBCC develop the land on its own so that the airline can earn from rentals and share the revenue that the developed asset generates; and sharing the cost of developing an asset on the land and the revenue generated from it in the future.
Air India's performance in asset monetisation has been dismal. While the national carrier has been able to rent out its floors in the Air India building in Mumbai, flats and land parcels in Hong Kong, Nairobi, Mauritius, Mumbai, New Delhi, Gurgaon, Chennai, Kolkata and Coimbatore are yet to be sold or leased.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi extends help to Pakistan PM Nawaz SharifModi extends help to Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif
Forex of $3bn at stake: India to push for cut in crude premium ratescrude premium
(With global prices declining…)
NEW DELHI: India is looking for ways in which it can get West Asian oil and gas producers to cut the so-called Asian premium, which adds up to more than $3 billion annually, through collective bargaining.
The premium is the amount Asian buyers pay on top of the crude or gas price for reasons of proximity and stability of supply. With global prices declining and India finding cheaper alternatives elsewhere, this is probably the best time for the country to try and bring the premium down.
Currently, refiners individually negotiate long-term contracts with producers, limiting their bargaining power, government and industry officials said. "Initially, state-run refiners could take the lead in collective negotiation," one person said. India imported crude worth about $143 billion in 2013-14, three-fourths of which came from the Gulf countries, with a built-in premium of about $1.5-3 per barrel, the officials said.
"The premium is charged on the pretext of long-term uninterrupted supply of crude," said a person familiar with the development. "Since international oil prices are on a slide, there is an opportunity to renegotiate the contracts in our favour. An oil industry veteran said Indian buyers could influence producers more effectively if they acted in concert.
The Gulf countries, especially Saudi Arabia , sell crude oil and liquefied natural gas (LNG) at lower rates to European and American buyers compared with Asian importers such as Japan and India. The premium is embedded in the official selling price (OSP), a former oil minister said, requesting anonymity.
China has been busy developing and acquiring energy sources all across the globe and with the US no longer as dependent on the region for oil, conditions are amenable for Indian buyers.
"Gulf countries are losing their bargaining power, especially after the shale gas revolution in America. Even China is able to bargain better rates from them because of its diversified sourcing and overseas acquisitions of oil and gas assets," said the former chairman of an oil company.
"If China can bring down the cost, then why not India?" To be sure, India has tried and failed to do this before, particularly with regard to Saudi Arabia, its single biggest energy supplier. In 2010, former oil minister Murli Deora asked Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah for a relaxation in the premium during the visit of then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to Riyadh.
Three years later, his successor Veerappa Moily had denounced discriminatory pricing at the 8th Asia Gas Partnership Summit. Earlier that year, Moily joined hands with Japan to oppose the Asian premium charged by Gulf-based LNG producers.
Prime Minister Narandra Modi's recent visit to Japan could revive the synergy between the two large Asian energy importers and strengthen their collective bargaining power, government officials said.
Meanwhile, after Gulf-based energy exporters turned a deaf year to entreaties, Indian refiners started cutting imports from the region, officials said. Having found cheaper alternatives in Africa and South America, Indian refiners have reduced their dependence on the Gulf for crude oil to about 61 per cent in 2013-14 from about 72 per cent in 2008-09 and this percentage would shrink further.
"The gap is widening in absolute numbers since 2011-12, when we imported about 119 million tonnes (MT) of crude oil from the Middle East," said an executive at a state-run oil company. "Despite increased demand, this quantity is expected to be less than 115 MT this year."
India's total crude oil imports amounted to 171.73 MT in 2011-12, which rose to 189.24 MT in 2013-14. This figure may go up significantly after the commissioning of Indian Oil Corp's 15 MT capacity Paradeep refinery and the upgrade of refineries belonging to Bharat Petroleum Corp. and Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd, executives said.
The government is also working on a two-pronged strategy to have better bargaining power while sourcing crude, said officials. One is to shift the focus from the Gulf to Africa and South America and the other is to replace liquid fuels by alternates such as natural gas, solar power and other renewable energy sources, sources said.
"Private refineries are leaders in reducing dependence on the Gulf crude to reduce their input cost and avoid uncertainty due to frequent politically unrests in countries such as Syria, Iraq and Iran. New and upgraded refineries of public sector companies will also follow suit," one government source said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The road to economic redemptionThe road to economic redemption
Bharti may raise $1 bn from sale of Nigeria ...Bharti Airtel may raise $1 bn from sale of Nigeria towers; deal may be sealed in 3 weeks
Anandita Singh Mankotia, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Airtel
(Bharti Airtel is expected…)
NEW DELHI: Bharti Airtel is expected to reach an agreement on the sale of its telecom towers in Nigeria for more than $1 billion within the next three weeks. American Tower Company (ATC) is believed to be leading the race to buy the 4,000 towers, followed by IHS Towers, said a person aware of the status of talks. Once the sale goes through, Bharti would have successfully sold almost half its towers in Africa.
"ATC is believed to have bid the highest amount," said the person cited above. While ATC didn't respond to ET's query, IHS couldn't be reached for comment. The proceeds of the sale will be used to retire a part of the company's debt, which dropped to $9.6 billion at the end of the June quarter from $10.07 billion at the end of March.
Bharti's net debt-to-EBITDA dropped to 2.04 from 2.20 between the two quarters. The development comes close on the heels of Bharti selling 3,100 towers in the continent in July. Bharti had sold its 3,100 towers to Helios Tower Co, an independent tower operator backed by George Soros, Madeleine Albright and Jacob Rothschild, for an undisclosed amount.
While neither Bharti nor Helios disclosed the valuation of the transaction, a person aware of the details told ET that the Indian company had raised close to $800 million.As ET reported previously, Bharti is hoping to raise up to $3 billion through the sale of its African towers.
However, given the current valuation of tower companies in the continent, Bharti's expectation is believed to be on the higher side. "Since buyers are (only) willing to cough up some more than $2 billion, negotiations are delaying the closure of the deal," a person close to the development told ET.
Bharti owns 15,000 telecom towers across 17 countries in Africa. It decided to sell them to independent tower companies after failing to create a joint venture tower company with other telecom operators.
This would have been along the lines of Indus Towers, a joint venture of Bharti, Vodafone and Idea Cellular in India. Increasingly, telecom operators across Africa such as MTN are selling their towers to independent companies owing to the high costs of running the infrastructure in areas of low population density. These operators then lease the towers back from the buyers on a long-term basis.
The purchase makes business sense for tower companies such as ATC and Goldman Sachs-backed IHS, which are then able to rent them out to multiple telecom service providers. Last month, Bharti raised Rs 2,100 crore through the sale of a 4.5 per cent stake in its tower arm, Bharti Infratel.
The company had said it would use the proceeds to retire part of its debt. Most of the company's debt stems from the purchase of its African operations. While Bharti's operational performance in India has begun looking up — it posted a 61 per cent jump in June quarter profit to Rs 1,108 crore from the year earlier — it's been slipping in Africa.
Losses at its operations there widened to Rs 820 crore from Rs 298 crore. Bharti purchased Kuwaitbased Zain Group's African operations across 15 countries in 2010 for $10.7 billion.
Lower derivative and forex losses owing to a more stable rupee helped Bharti rein in finance costs during the quarter — they fell 18 per cent to Rs 1,167 crore. In the past one year, the company has successfully converted its entire foreign currency debt, taken on to purchase the African operations, into long-term bonds, thus reducing its debt-servicing burden.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Obama: Time for U.S. to Go on Offensive Against ISISobama: time for u.s. to go on offensive against isis
Present and countingPresent and counting
Bill to check wilful defaults likely in Winter sessionBill to check wilful defaults likely in Winter session
Incubator Villgro invests in three start-ups(Ujjeewan Healthcare, Aindra…)
By Shonali Advani
BANGALORE: Social enterprise Incubator Villgro has invested in three startups, marking its first set of funding this fiscal year. It is targeting to invest in 25-30 more startups by the end of the fiscal year.
Ujjeewan Healthcare , Aindra Systems and Scholowiz Educational Solutions , all early-stage companies, have secured funding from Villgro.
The incubator is launching an early-stage social impact fund by March 2015 with an initial corpus of Rs 20 crore, primarily to support its incubation work. "We've received commitment for a little over 50 per cent of the fund size and looking to make up the balance," said chief operating officer PR Ganapathy.
Unwilling to disclose more, he said some of those who made the commitment are from the donor foundations already supporting Villgro's work. Ten foundations, including Rockefeller , Citi and Lemelson fund Villgro's activities through grants.
The new investments range betweenRs 6 and Rs 8 lakh, to be used to scale up businesses. Villgro will work with these startups to build business models and go-to market strategies around their ideas. "If they hit certain milestones, we can fund them with up to Rs 65 lakh over three years," Ganapathy said.
Villgro hasn't taken any equity stake in these startups because of legal constraints on them as notfor-profit with foreign contributions.
However, once it gives out substantial money, a portion can be given as returnable capital. "We won't take a stake now as they're very early stage with unproven models," Ganapathy said. Ujjeewan provides telemedicine and primary medical services in West Bengal under the brand 'Healthypariwar'.
"We will use the funding to install additional infrastructure and mobile units to reach interior parts of villages, train our workers and hire more people," said Ujjeewan founder and chief executive Manish Kumar. It claims to have treated 2,000 patients to date and has two physical health centers, three healthcare workers and one mobile unit.
Scholowiz, which provides professional development programmes for teachers, is at pre-revenue stage. It has completed a pilot programme in eight schools and use the fund to strengthen it solutions.
Aindra is developing a device that can be deployed at low cost to assist with screening and detection of cervical cancer among women. The project is at the proof-of-concept stage and Aindra plans to use the funding to build a working prototype of its device.
Villgro typically stays invested in a company for three-four years, until they are ready to attract funding from an impact investor. Recent exits include Chennai-based Uniphore Software Systems.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maruti Suzuki confident of beating Honda City with new CiazPrint
Jaipur | Posted: September 3, 2014 2:48 pm
Maruti Suzuki India , which is gradually increasing focus on the premium car segment after dominating the core market of small cars for years, expects its new ‘Ciaz’ midsize sedan to emerge as the top brand in the segment beating current leader, the new Honda City, and the Hyundai Verna. While bookings opened on Wednesday, the Ciaz will be launched in the middle of the festive season – first week of October at an estimated price of about Rs 7 lakh (petrol) and Rs 8 lakh (diesel).
The carmaker, which today commands almost 45% of India’s 25 lakh units  passenger vehicle market, has traditionally found it tough to make headway in premium C and D sedan segments with previous models, the SX4 and Kizashi, failing to make a significant impact. Among rivals, the City currently sells about 7,000 units a month, the Verna does about 5,000 units, followed by the Volkswagen Vento and Skoda Rapid.
Mayank Pareek, COO, sales & marketing at Maruti Suzuki said, “The market size of the A3+ (midsize sedan) segment is about 16,000 units a year and we aiming for leadership. In the A3- segment, the Dzire is already the market leader. We have a lot of loyal customers looking to upgrade from A3- and our premium hatchbacks and they will be a major target.”
“This is the first step of a whole new product range coming from Maruti, especially in the upper segments. There are many products slated over the next 2-3 years,” a company official added. Industry sources said that Maruti is expected to soon launch a compact SUV/crossover in the Rs 11 lakh range, while it is also said to be working on two more SUVs, a premium hatchback and a large MPV.
To make sure the Ciaz is successful in the market, Maruti has trained 2,800 staff across the company and dealer to interact with a more premium set of customers. “We learnt after the Kizashi experience, that importing fully-built models make no sense. Also, the way you sell an Alto is very different from how you sell a bigger car. The premium customer wants a relationship and may close a buy in two weeks, an Alto buyer has already decided and will purchase within a week,” Pareek said.
Designed largely in Japan, the Ciaz will be most fuel-efficient car in India – the diesel variant claims a 26.2 kmpl fuel economy beating Honda City diesel’s 26 kmpl. It also offers the longest wheelbase (more legroom) and largest boot space in the segment. There is also a 4-speed automatic petrol version on offer, while features like projector lamps will be offered across all variants. The Ciaz also has a new touchscreen infotainment system with navigation, and bluetooth phone pairing facility.
 

Attempt to lower tariffs set off Mumbai outageBEST didn’t want expensive Tata power.
Mumbai | Posted: September 4, 2014 5:11 am
While the Maharashtra government’s inquiry into Tuesday’s massive outage in Mumbai will point to the choking of the transmission grid into the city as a major cause after Unit 5 at the Tata Trombay facility tripped, the attempt to protect customers from a tariff shock was a big reason for the blackout.
Anticipating more festival demand, the Maharashtra State Load Despatch Centre (MSLDC) had on August 26 asked Tata Power to start producing power from its 500 MW Unit 6 in Trombay that runs on oil. Had Unit 6 been functioning on Tuesday, even after Tata Power’s 500 MW Unit 5 had tripped, the city wouldn’t have had an outage.
But Tata Power did not commission Unit 6 as it was not clear who would pay for the extra cost — at current oil prices, a unit of electricity would cost R11-12 — and wrote to Brihanmumbai Electric Supply & Transport and Reliance Infrastructure, to which it supplied power.
On August 29, BEST wrote back to Tata Power saying it did not wish to bear the costs, indeed it wished “to amend the PPA for exclusion of Unit-6 being costly generation and till all the formalities are completed for taking Unit-6 out from the PPA, it is to be presumed that Unit-6 is excluded from the PPA”.
BEST said the methodology being proposed to share the costs of the more expensive Unit 6 had been agreed to in the past, but that was only to tide over the alarming power situation during the summer months.
BEST’s calculations, in all probability, were that if there was a power shortage — and it wasn’t to know Unit-5 would trip — this could easily be met through less costly imports. After all, there could be questions asked later as to why costly Unit 6 power had been bought at R11-12 per unit when this could just as easily have been imported at R3-4. The problem, however, is that Mumbai’s transmission system is too overloaded to take more imports.
In the event, on August 29, Tata Power wrote to MSLDC saying that it could not bring Unit 6 into operation until R-Infra and BEST agreed to share costs with it — it attached the BEST letter that said “we request you to give necessary instructions to your officers for not scheduling any power from Unit-6 to BEST (if it is operated for any reason) and you are also hereby informed not to raise any bills against power generated from Unit-6 as the same will not be paid by us”.
Tata Power then suggested a meeting be convened with the principal secretary (energy) chairing it and coming to a cost-sharing formula of the type agreed to just a few months ago when Unit 6 was last run.
That meeting, ironically, has been scheduled for later on Thursday.
While Thursday’s meeting will probably lay out a firm cost-sharing principle that all distribution companies continued…

Development of 8 NTPC coal blocks gets delayedPrint
New Delhi | Posted: September 4, 2014 5:53 am
While eight captive coal blocks were allotted to NTPC between 2004 and 2007 through what is called the ‘government dispensation route,’ the state-run company is running way behind schedule in their development. Although it blames “issues beyond its control”, such as lack of support from respective state governments and delays in fixing land compensation, analysts also attribute the failure to inefficiency at the company level.
Even if the PSU tries hard now, the benefit of the government’s proposal to the Supreme Court — exempting mines that are likely to start production over the next six months — is possible for just two blocks, say industry watchers.
Click here for graph
While agreeing to cancellation of all extant blocks, among the 218 termed illegal by the Supreme Court, the government last week sought indulgence to exempt some 46 of them — 40 where production has commenced and six where it may start in 2-6 months. For NTPC, this means that if the court accepts the government’s plea, cancellation can at best be avoided for Pakri-Barwadih (awarded in 2004) and Chatti-Bariatu south (2007).
In Pakri-Barwadih block, production was slated to begin in December 2013, but that didn’t happen.
“We are trying our level best to operationalise the captive mines, but some things are beyond our control. We still hope that some blocks could be brought under production before the end of the current fiscal,” said an NTPC official, asking not to be named.
Of the eight blocks allocated to the PSU, two — Bhahmini and Chichro Pastimal — were de-allocated in June 2011 as they could not make any progress. In fact, three other blocks were de-allocated during the period because of non-progress, but the coal ministry returned them to the company later. In the six existing captive blocks with it — Pakri Barwadih, Chatti-Bariatu, Kerandari and Chatti-Bariatu (South) in Jharkhand; the Tallaipali mines in Chhattisgarh and Dulanga mines in Odisha — NTPC has so far invested close to Rs 1,800 crore. The total geological reserves of these mines is estimated at 3,732 million tonnes (mt) while mineable reserves are 2,035 mt. These blocks have a total production potential of 53 million tonne annually, which will cater to around 10,840 MW of NTPC’s coal-based generation capacity.
Last year, the government allocated another four blocks with 2-billion-tonne reserves to the company.
But progress on NTPC’s mines has remained slow ever since the allotment. Going by the time required to operationalise a coal block (4-5 years), all the captive mines should have been operational by now. “The company remains committed to developing the blocks as fast as possible but support is required from state to address the issue law and order and land compensation formula, so that the blocks are brought under production quickly,” said a senior official of NTPC.
NTPC was hoping to operationalise the Pakri-Barwadih block, already at the advanced stage of development, by December 2013, with annual production capacity of 3 million tonne per annum. But with work at the mine suspended since February 2012, the deadline continued…

Maruti sees debutante Ciaz giving veteran City run for its moneyPrint
Jaipur | Posted: September 4, 2014 6:06 am
Maruti Suzuki, which is gradually increasing focus on the premium car segment after dominating the core market of small cars for years, expects its new Ciaz midsize sedan to take the lead in the segment beating current leader, the new Honda City, and the Hyundai Verna. While bookings for the Ciaz opened on Wednesday, it will be launched in the first week of October at an estimated price of Rs 7 lakh (petrol) and Rs 8 lakh (diesel).
The carmaker has historically found it tough to make headway in the premium C and D sedan segments, with previous models — the SX4 and the Kizashi —failing to make an impact. Among rivals, the City currently sells about 7,000 units a month, the Verna does about 3,000, and the Volskwagen Vento and Skoda Rapid follow.
Mayank Pareek, COO, sales & marketing at Maruti Suzuki, said, “The market size of the A3+ (midsize sedan) segment is about 16,000 units a month and we aiming for leadership. In the A3- segment, the Dzire is already the market leader. We have a lot of loyal customers looking to upgrade from A3- and our premium hatchbacks and they will be a major target.”
“This is the first step of a whole new product range coming from Maruti, especially in the upper segments. There are many products slated over the next 2-3 years,” a company official added.
To make sure the Ciaz is successful, Maruti has trained 2,800 staff across the company and dealer points to interact with a more premium set of customers.
“We learnt after the Kizashi experience that importing fully-built models make no sense. Also, the way you sell an Alto is very different from how you sell a bigger car. The premium customer wants a relationship and may close a buy in two weeks, an Alto buyer has already decided and will purchase within a week,” Pareek said.
The Ciaz will be India’s most fuel-efficient car — the diesel variant claims a fuel economy of 26.2 kmpl. It also offers the longest wheelbase (more legroom) and largest boot space in the segment.
Looks to up Celerio AMT output by 43%
The company is increasing output of its Celerio hatchback, equipped with the automated manual transmission technology, by 43% to 5,000 units a month. The move will help the company reduce the waiting period from over four months as the car witnesses an unprecedented surge in demand. Mayank Pareek, COO, marketing & sales, said, “We started with 1,000-unit monthly production of the Celerio AMT when we launched in February, then increased it to 3,500. Now we are increasing to 5,000 with increased localisation from our suppliers.”

India dials WTO members for food security supportSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Process mining leases only in notified areas: Govt to statesPrint
The move comes in the aftermath of a report by the MB Shah Commission on illegal mining in the states.
Written by Priyadarshi Siddhanta | New Delhi | Posted: September 4, 2014 3:30 am | Updated: September 4, 2014 9:43 am
The Centre has urged states to refrain from allowing mining in unspecified areas and has asked them to notify the mining zones before proceeding to allocate mineral concessions.
It has also decided to return all applications received from state governments for approving leases in non-notified areas.
The move comes in the aftermath of a report by the MB Shah Commission on illegal mining in the states.
In its report, the panel has computed an annual loss of over Rs 1,00,000 crore to the revenues of Orissa, Goa and other states.
The government and the industry are keenly awaiting the Supreme Court’s verdict on September 9 on the allocation of coal blocks since 1993, as the apex court has already held the allotments to be illegal.
The Union mines ministry has told state governments that since there is a pressing need to bring in greater transparency and fairness in the allocation of mineral concessions, notifying an area before vetting mining lease applications should be the “default process” as it serves the public interest within the existing legal framework.
At a meeting convened on August 22, mines secretary Anup K Pujari told the representatives of six states that since the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Bill, 2011, has lapsed with the dissolution of the 15th Lok Sabha and until a new legislation is proposed, states should forward applications for mining leases only for notified areas.
“It was decided in the meeting that the ministry will return all proposals of areas pending with the Central government which have not been notified, to the states with a suggestion to notify the same,” a mines ministry official, who attended the meeting, told
The Indian Express.
However, if the states decide to re-submit proposals without notifying the areas, “the proposal should be supported and clear justification for not notifying them,” the official said, quoting Pujari. The mines ministry has already begun the process of issuing revised guidelines for granting mining leases, the official said.
Senior officials from mines departments of Madhya Pradesh, Karnataka, Chhattisgarh and Maharashtra said that they endorse Pujari’s proposal and efforts would begin efforts to identify areas with known mineralisation and notify them.
However, Orissa government officials favoured reserving such areas for the public sector.
Over 60,000 mineral concession applications are pending with Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Gujarat, Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Orissa and Tamil Nadu.

India manufacturing  services output expand at slower pace than ChinaPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 4, 2014 1:05 pm
Emerging markets registered stronger growth in manufacturing as well as services sector during August but India expanded at a slower pace than China during the month, an HSBC survey said.
The HSBC Emerging Markets Index (EMI), a monthly indicator derived from Purchasing Managers’ Index surveys, compiled by Markit, rose to a 17 month high of 52.5 in August, up from 51.7 in July, signalling stronger growth of output across global emerging markets.
“The pace of economic growth in emerging markets continued to revive from the stagnation seen earlier in the year. August saw the fastest pace of expansion for 17 months, buoyed by growth moving up a gear in China’s services economy,” Markit Chief Economist Chris Williamson said.
Among the largest emerging markets, China posted the fastest growth since March 2013. Output in Russia and India rose at weak rates, while a marginal contraction was signalled for the fifth month running in Brazil.
During August, the HSBC composite index for India, which maps both manufacturing and services, stood at 51.6, whereas for China it was 52.8, Brazil (49.6) and Russia (51.1). An index measure of above 50 indicates expansion.
“Growth was also recorded in India, albeit with the pace of expansion moderating. However, the renewed growth trend in recent months represents a welcome improvement from the prior downturn,” Williamson said.
Service sector output in emerging markets rose at a stronger rate in August, with growth almost matching June’s 15-month high, while manufacturing output rose at a rate unchanged from July’s eight-month high.
Meanwhile, the outlook for global emerging markets continued to deteriorate, as per the report. The HSBC Emerging Markets Future Output Index, that tracks firms’ expectations for activity in 12 months’ time fell to the second-lowest level since the series started in April 2012.
“Growth in Asia remains below potential. Weak manufacturing requires more policy support and may impede the progress of structural reforms,” HSBC Co-Head of Asian Economic Research Frederic Neumann said.
 

Vijay Mallya to pursue legal action against  wilful defaulter  tagPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 4, 2014 3:04 pm
Declared a wilful defaulter by state-owned United Bank of India, UB group Chairman Vijay Mallya today disagreed with the action of the lender and said he would pursue legal action.
“We were not given a hearing, we have not appeared before them, we disagree with their action and we shall pursue legal action,” Mallya told reporters after the annual general meeting of United Breweries here.
Reiterating his intention to seek legal recourse, Mallya said: “I have great faith in the judicial system of our country and as I have said, I will pursue the legal remedies that are available to me.”
On Monday, United Bank of India declared Mallya and three directors of debt-ridden Kingfisher Airlines, wilful defaulters as the company allegedly indulged in diversion of funds by opening multiple accounts.
Kingfisher Airlines and directors declared as wilful defaulters will not be able to borrow from banks in the future. They would also lose Director-level positions in companies and criminal proceeding could be initiated against them, if warranted, to recover the money.
The carrier had allegedly opened multiple current accounts leading to diversion of funds, said a bank official, adding that there is a balance of Rs 7.5 crore in other-than-the-designated current account as on date.
The Kolkata-based bank is the first PSU lender to initiate the process of declaring Vijay Mallya and three other directors of the grounded Kingfisher Airlines as wilful defaulters a couple of months ago.
Other banks such as State Bank of India, IDBI Bank and Punjab National Bank have also initiated the process of declaring KFA and its directors as wilful defaulters.
UBI’s exposure to Kingfisher Airlines was around Rs 350 crore as part of consortium led by State Bank of India.
The consortium of 17 banks, has an outstanding debt of about Rs 6,521 crore from the now-grounded carrier and outside the consortium, the bank gave about Rs 60 crore loan for Pre-Delivery payment.
 

Kiev signals readiness to agree ceasefire© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7b0de2f8-3440-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Buy rating on Sun Pharma  target Rs 980: Motilal OswalSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Valuation high  exit Jubilant Food: NomuraSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

AMCs stop accepting money from US investors as tough law bitesSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Subrata Roy seeks 10 more days to finalise sale of 3 luxury hotels abroadPrint
Sahara Group's hotel deal with the Sultan of Brunei is on the verge of the collapse. (Reuters)
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 11:20 am | Updated: September 5, 2014 11:25 am
Subrata Roy moved Supreme Court on Friday, asking for 10 more days for negotiating to sell three Sahara hotels abroad.
Roy’s counsel pleaded that the Sahara chief be allowed to stay in the Tihar jail’s conference room for another 10 days instead of being sent back to the cell for completing the deals. The permission for Roy to stay in the conference room is expiring on Tuesday next week.
He said that a deal with the Sultan of Brunei was on the verge of the collapse in view if certain negative media reports but the group was trying to salvage it. The counsel said they were also in talks with some other prospective buyers.
Roy had been allowed to stay in the conference room to enable him arrange Rs 10,000 crore as security to come out on bail. He has been in jail since March 4.
 

United Spirits orders probe into loans to UB Group cosPrint
PTI | Mumbai | Posted: September 5, 2014 2:40 pm
The Board of United Spirits Ltd , now controlled by Diageo, has ordered a probe into the loans given by United Spirits to UB Group companies as it posted a whopping net loss of Rs 4,488.77 crore for the financial year ended March 31, 2014.
The company had reported net loss of Rs 105.03 crore in the fiscal ended March 31, 2013.
USL made provisions of Rs 1,012.75 crore in year ended March 31, 2014 on the account of ‘doubtful loans’ and exceptional item of Rs 3,235.73 crore on sales of Scottish subsidiary, Whyte and Mackay.
While ordering the probe for a “detailed and expeditious enquiry on doubtful loans”, the company said: “The Board has directed the Managing Director to engage independent advisors and specialists as required for the enquiry.
“Certain pre-existing loans/deposits/advances due to the company and its wholly owned subsidiaries from United Breweries (Holdings) Ltd which were in existence as on March 31, 2013, has been taken into consider atom in the consolidated annual accounts of the company drawn up as of that date.”
Pursuant to a previous resolution passed by the Board on October 11, 2012, such dues (together with interest) aggregating to Rs 1337.40 crore were consolidated into, and recorded as, an unsecured loan by way of an agreement between the company and UBHL,” the company said.
For the quarter ended March 31, 2014, the company reported standalone net sales of Rs 1,916.95 as against Rs 1,866.18 crore in the corresponding period a year ago.
For the quarter ended March 31, 2014, USL’s standalone net loss stood at Rs 5380.10 crore as against net profit of Rs 56.02 crore.
The probe comes after UB group chairman Vijay Mallya was declared a wilful defaulter by state-owned United Bank of India.
However, Mallya disagreed with the action of the lender and said he would pursue legal action.
“We were not given a hearing, we have not appeared before them, we disagree with their action and we shall pursue legal action,” Mallya told reporters after the annual general meeting of United Breweries yesterday.
World’s largest spirits maker Diageo Plc announced on November 9, 2012 that it will acquire 53.4 per cent stake in United Spirits for Rs 11,166.5 crore in a multi-structured deal.
 

Surplus coal transfer to CIL may invite quality disputesSurplus coal transfer to CIL may invite quality issues, warns DIPP
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 15:10 IST
Photo: Reuters
Surplus coal from captive mines should not be transferred to the nearest CIL units as that may lead to disputes over fuel quality and result in transit losses, DIPP has cautioned.
The Power Ministry had earlier alleged that the quality of coal supplied by CIL to the power plants is low grade and stones and boulders are being dispatched in supplies even after the introduction of the third party sampling mechanism.
"The surplus coal produced should not be transfered to CIL (Coal India) for its disposal through e-auction as it may lead to number of difficulties," the Department of Public Enterprises (DIPP) said in its comments on Coal Ministry's draft policy on disposal of surplus coal generated from captive mines.
"The transfer of coal to CIL is likely to invite disputes with regard to quality of coal and transit losses due to handling and re-handling. Besides additional costs will be incurred without any benefits," DIPP said.
The comments on the draft policy are being sought from various ministries, including Commerce.
DIPP further stated that the quantity of coal transported to the CIL stock yard from blocks may have variations due to so called transit losses or the actual received quantity may be less than the quantity sourced which can lead to disputes between CIL/subsidiary companies of CIL with the captive coal block allocatees.
It is also of a view that a suitable regulator (coal controller) may be entrusted with the responsibility and determination of quality, quantity and reserve price of surplus coal from blocks without actually transferring the coal to CIL.
According to sources, the policy on utilisation of surplus coal from captive mines is likely by month-end which is to be approved after detailed consultations among ministries.
The consultations with other ministries on the policy has begun two-and-a-half years after the proposal was shelved.
The government had earlier said that it has prepared a draft policy on utilisation of surplus coal from captive mines and was awaiting comments from various departments.
"Government has formulated a draft policy on usage of surplus coal, including middlings, rejects, etc, which has been circulated to various ministries/departments for obtaining their comments," the government had said.
The modalities of disposal of surplus coal would be as per prevailing policy and could also include handing over such coal to the local Coal India subsidiary or to any person designated by it at a transfer price to be determined by the government, the government had added.
It had said that in case of violation of norms of the use of surplus coal: "The government takes appropriate action against the allocattee company including de-allocation of the block."

BSE Sensex falls 59 pts  extends losses for second day on global woes; bluechips slumpBSE Sensex falls 59 pts, extends losses for second day on global woes; bluechips slump
PTI | Mumbai | Updated:  Sep 05 2014, 16:38  IST
Sep 05 2014, 16:38  IST
 

Will there be an iPhone 5S-CWill there be an iPhone 5S-C?
By David Goldman   @DavidGoldmanCNN September 5, 2014: 9:13 AM ET
Will the iPhone 5S get a plastic back and become the iPhone 5S-C? Or the iPhone 6C? We'll find out soon.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The iPhone 6 is right around the corner. So what does that mean for the iPhone 5S?
It depends on who you ask.
Unlike last year, when most of the pre-announcement attention was on the lower-priced iPhone 5C , this year the rumor mill has focused on the higher-end iPhone 6 phones. Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) is expected to make two iPhone 6 smartphones, both of which would be larger than iPhones of the past.
There's no clear consensus about what will happen to the iPhone 5S when the iPhone 6 goes on sale.
Is there a plastic iPhone 5S-C in our future? Or maybe an iPhone 6C? Will it get a price drop? Will it disappear from the market?
Here are the possibilities:
1) It gets a plastic back.
Last year, Apple stopped producing the iPhone 5 when the iPhone 5S went on sale. Instead, Apple slapped a plastic shell on it and called it the iPhone 5C.
Could the iPhone 5S be getting the same treatment?
"By having a plastic model, the company can reduce the pressure on the production process," said Horace Dediu, analyst at Asymco. "It's not entirely about margins or cost but also about flexibility, ramp time and slack in manufacturing."
Related: Before the iWatch there was...
The name might be a problem, though -- iPhone 5S-C? That's a mouthful. That's why Dediu thinks it will be called the iPhone 6C.
The price might be a problem too. The iPhone 5C didn't exactly live up to Apple's sales expectations , at least in the first three months of sales, CEO Tim Cook has said. It's possible that sales have been better since then, but Apple has been mum on the iPhone 5C over the past couple quarters.
"I think the colored plastic worked but the price didn't," said Frank Gillett, principal analyst at Forrester Research. "People like the colors, but ... I think people were more willing to spend the extra $100 to get the newer technology and the metal body than expected."
 
Get ready for the smartwatch war
2) It keeps the metal back.
So maybe the iPhone 5S isn't destined for plastic after all.
"Probably, the [plastic] experiment is over," said Trip Chowdhry, managing director of Global Equities Research. "[The iPhone 5C] was a poorly positioned product."
Some analysts who talk to Apple's suppliers say a plastic iPhone 5S is not coming.
"I suspect that the 5S will retain its current form factor and materials, and see a $100 price cut," said Stuart Jeffrey, analyst at Nomura. "Our checks [on the supply chain] suggest that the 5S case is not changing this year."
Checking Apple's suppliers is an inexact science. But it's better than a gut feeling.
3) It goes away.
The iPhone 5S could be a one-and-done iPhone.
"My guess is that the 4S and the 5S go away and the 5C gets a price drop," said Van Baker, mobility analyst with Gartner.
In a way, that would be consistent with Apple's strategy so far. In each of the past five years, Apple has sold three iPhones. It has continued to sell its year-old iPhone and two-year old iPhone, but has knocked $100 off and $200 off their prices, respectively.
Related: Apple is wholly unoriginal ... and that's okay
Killing off the iPhone 5S might be the unlikeliest of the options. Apple is widely expected to be launching a mobile payment app that would integrate heavily with the phone's fingerprint sensor -- available on the iPhone 5S but not the iPhone 5C.
We'll find out on Sept. 9, when Tim Cook is expected to unveil the company's latest iPhones. Until then, your guess is as good as anyone's.
First Published: September 5, 2014: 9:13 AM ET
Join the Conversation

Aus offers uranium  coal to deal with energy crisisAustralia offers uranium, coal to overcome energy supplies shortage
Manoj Kumar     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 21:30 IST
Tony Abbott, Australian Prime Minister (Picture; Reuters)
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said he would seal a civil nuclear deal to sell uranium to India on Friday, offering to ramp up supplies of energy to help the emerging Asian giant overcome chronic shortages.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greeted Abbott with full state honours during his two-day visit to India. The two leaders were due to hold formal talks later and sign the deal to sell uranium for peaceful power generation.
"Prime Minister Modi and I will today sign a nuclear cooperation agreement," Abbott told business leaders.
In an editorial published in The Hindu he said the two sides had concluded the nuclear talks, which began about two years ago after Australia lifted a long-standing ban on selling uranium to energy-starved India.
"My hope is we can become a reliable source of energy resources and food security for India," Abbott said.
Prior to the meeting hosted by business lobbyists ASSOCHAM, the group said India should make use of Abbott's visit to seek more coal imports at a time when Indian thermal power stations are running critically short of the fuel.
With two-thirds of India's power stations fired by coal, and latest data showing that half of them down to a week's stock, tapping into Australia's coal reserves is a more pressing need than accessing uranium.
Nuclear power accounts for just 3 per cent of output, down from 3.7 per cent three years ago.
"While Coal India can be asked to step up its production, the growing needs make it imperative to go in for more imports and what better source than Australia whose top leadership is engaged with strategic relationship with India," ASSOCHAM President Rana Kapoor said in a statement.
The Australian government in July approved a $16.5 billion coal and rail project in the province of Queensland by Indian firm Adani Mining, controlled by billionaire Gautam Adani .
However, nuclear power is key to future energy plans in India, where a quarter of the 1.2 billion population has little or no access to electricity, a situation Modi has vowed to tackle.
Earlier this week, Modi was in Japan where he sought to accelerate negotiations of a civil nuclear agreement modeled on a deal with the United States in 2008 that ended years of isolation after India tested a nuclear weapon in 1998.
India operates 20 mostly small reactors at six sites with a capacity of 4,780 MW, or 2 per cent of its total power capacity, according to the Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited. The government hopes to increase its nuclear capacity to 63,000 MW by 2032 by adding nearly 30 reactors at an estimated cost of $85 billion.
In an apparent bid to remove an irritant between the two nations, Abbott was due to hand over to Modi a $5 million statue of the Hindu god Shiva that had been illegally trafficked and a stone statue that had been displayed in an Australian gallery.
Abbott says ties between the two former British colonies are not as close as they should be.
(Reuters)

The Bankruptcy of Detroit and the Division of Americareddit
Detroit is the largest city ever to seek bankruptcy protection, so its bankruptcy is seen as a potential model for other American cities now teetering on the edge.
But Detroit is really a model for how wealthier and whiter Americans escape the costs of public goods they'd otherwise share with poorer and darker Americans.
Judge Steven W. Rhodes of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of Michigan is now weighing Detroit's plan to shed $7 billion of its debts and restore some $1.5 billion of city services by requiring various groups of creditors to make sacrifices.
Among those being asked to sacrifice are Detroit's former city employees, now dependent on pensions and health care benefits the city years before agreed to pay. Also investors who bought $1.4 billion worth of bonds the city issued in 2005.
Both groups claim the plan unfairly burdens them. Under it, the 2005 investors emerge with little or nothing, and Detroit's retirees have their pensions cut 4.5 percent, lose some health benefits, and do without cost-of-living increases.
No one knows whether Judge Rhodes will accept or reject the plan. But one thing is for certain. A very large and prosperous group close by won't sacrifice a cent: They're the mostly-white citizens of neighboring Oakland County.
Oakland County is the fourth wealthiest county in the United States, of counties with a million or more residents.
In fact, Greater Detroit, including its suburbs, ranks among the top financial centers, top four centers of high technology employment, and second largest source of engineering and architectural talent in America.
The median household in the County earned over $65,000 last year. The median household in Birmingham, Michigan, just across Detroit's border, earned more than $94,000. In nearby Bloomfield Hills, still within the Detroit metropolitan area, the median was close to $105,000 .
Detroit's upscale suburbs also have excellent schools, rapid-response security, and resplendent parks.
Forty years ago, Detroit had a mixture of wealthy, middle class, and poor. But then its middle class and white residents began fleeing to the suburbs. Between 2000 and 2010, the city lost a quarter of its population.
By the time it declared bankruptcy, Detroit was almost entirely poor. Its median household income was $26,000. More than half of its children were impoverished.
That left it with depressed property values, abandoned neighborhoods, empty buildings, and dilapidated schools. Forty percent of its streetlights don't work. More than half its parks closed within the last five years.
Earlier this year, monthly water bills in Detroit were running 50 percent higher than the national average, and officials began shutting off the water to 150,000 households who couldn't pay the bills.
Official boundaries are often hard to see. If you head north on Woodward Avenue, away from downtown Detroit, you wouldn't know exactly when you left the city and crossed over into Oakland County -- except for a small sign that tells you.
But boundaries can make all the difference. Had the official boundary been drawn differently to encompass both Oakland County and Detroit -- creating, say, a "Greater Detroit" -- Oakland's more affluent citizens would have some responsibility to address Detroit's problems, and Detroit would likely have enough money to pay all its bills and provide its residents with adequate public services.
But because Detroit's boundary surrounds only the poor inner city, those inside it have to deal with their compounded problems themselves. The whiter and more affluent suburbs (and the banks that serve them) are off the hook.
Any hint they should take some responsibility has invited righteous indignation. "Now, all of a sudden, they're having problems and they want to give part of the responsibility to the suburbs?" scoffs L. Brooks Paterson, the Oakland County executive. "They're not gonna' talk me into being the good guy. 'Pick up your share?' Ha ha."
Buried within the bankruptcy of Detroit is a fundamental political and moral question: Who are "we," and what are our obligations to one another?
Are Detroit, its public employees, poor residents, and bondholders the only ones who should sacrifice when "Detroit" can't pay its bills? Or does the relevant sphere of responsibility include Detroit's affluent suburbs -- to which many of the city's wealthier resident fled as the city declined, along with the banks that serve them?
Judge Rhodes won't address these questions. But as Americans continue to segregate by income into places becoming either wealthier or poorer, the rest of us will have to answer questions like these, eventually.
__________
ROBERT B. REICH's film "Inequality for All" is now available on DVD and blu-ray, and on Netflix. Watch the trailer below:
Follow Robert Reich on Twitter: www.twitter.com/RBReich
More:

Ukraine and rebels agree ceasefire© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9a53569c-34cd-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wall Street shrugs off soft payrolls dataLast updated: September 5, 2014 9:22 pm
Wall Street shrugs off soft payrolls data
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6a5bbdb2-34af-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt downsizes officials team heading to Japan  South KoreaPrint
Written by Priyadarshi Siddhanta | New Delhi | Posted: September 6, 2014 12:51 am
The government has decided to cut short an annual trip undertaken by officials of the steel and commerce ministries to Japan and South Korea, the objective of which is to ostensibly negotiate annual prices of iron ore supplied from the mines of NMDC Ltd to steel mills in these two countries.
After an unusually strong intervention by the commerce ministry, the number of officers deputed for this year’s trip has been cut down to just four, as against the original 10 nominated for the visit slated for next week. Also, the duration of the tour this year has been cut to five days instead of the pre-scheduled seven days. Last year, a team of 10 officers had visited these two nations, while 12 had visited the previous year. In an August 29 note pertaining to this year’s Tokyo/Seoul trip, commerce secretary Rajeev Kher noted: “The delegation will work on a methodology where annual visits of this kind are obviated.”
This is broadly in line with the Narendra Modi government’s efforts to clamp down on foreign junkets undertaken by government servants, and is meant to convey the message that neither ministers, nor bureaucrats should undertake such trips without a clear road map on ensuring the deliverables. Kher is learnt to have prevailed upon his ministry as well as the steel ministry to depute only”indispensable” officials in the delegation and sanction “minimum” number of days to execute the job this year.
Accordingly additional steel secretary Vinod Thukral and his commerce ministry counterparts Madhusudan Prasad and S K Dhesi, along with NMDC chairman and managing director Narendra Kothari make up the four-member team this year.
The delegation would be negotiating the prices of NMDC’s iron ore under a long-term agreement from April 1, 2015 for three years. The state-owned company has been supplying the mineral to four Japanese steel mills and Posco since the past two decades and another state-run firm MMTC Limited, which is the canalising agency, has been negotiating the prices as per the global benchmarks.
In June, Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth had sent a missive to Union secretaries seeking a cutback on unnecessary foreign trips and clearances being sought at the last minute. He had insisted that permissions for overseas travel should be sought well in time to allow the proposals to be scrutinised properly.
The government asked ministers and officials to submit their proposals for overseas travel to the Prime Minister’s Office at least 10 days ahead of the travel date against the earlier limit of five. Besides, ministers and officials are now required to put on record what they have implemented from their learning during their earlier foreign visit — an additional requirement imposed by Modi on top of the traditional tour report officials submitted after every overseas outing.

Growth story intact despite inflation woes: Raghuram RajanPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai | Posted: September 6, 2014 12:50 am
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan has reiterated his confidence in the Indian economy saying GDP growth is poised to improve to 7 per cent over the next three years although it would be a steady and not a V-shaped recovery.
The Governor was speaking at an event organised by Citibank in Boston on Thursday. “Recent development on resource allocation such as coal may create uncertainty in the short term, but long-term, it is a positive development,” Rajan said, according to a Citi report on the event.
The report quotes the Governor as saying that the RBI considers it prudent to be prepared for the eventual exit from low rates. The RBI has pushed the average duration of bond holding to three years and built up adequate reserves while also curbing volatility in the forex market. Rajan also said that the limits for government securities will be steadily increased but the RBI is comfortable with the current limits.
On price rise, Rajan said that while inflation was off peaks, it remained high due to supply-side rigidities. Nevertheless, the aim was to achieve 6 per cent by January 2016 and to fight rising inflation just once.     FE

SP 500 ends at record as jobs report eases Fed worriesSep 06, 2014, 09.03 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
S&P 500 ends at record as jobs report eases Fed worries
By early afternoon, however, major indexes turned positive, led by utilities. Fed officials have made it clear that they see the labor market as still struggling, which partially justifies keeping rates at rock-bottom levels.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
S&P 500 ends at record as jobs report eases Fed worries
By early afternoon, however, major indexes turned positive, led by utilities. Fed officials have made it clear that they see the labor market as still struggling, which partially justifies keeping rates at rock-bottom levels.
Post your opinion here
 
US stocks ended higher on Friday, lifting the S&P 500 to a fresh closing high, after a weaker-than-expected jobs report was taken as a sign that the Federal Reserve will not begin raising interest rates anytime soon.
Stocks had traded lower after the government reported fewer US jobs were created in August than expected.
By early afternoon, however, major indexes turned positive, led by utilities. Fed officials have made it clear that they see the labor market as still struggling, which partially justifies keeping rates at rock-bottom levels.
"The nonfarm payroll numbers fell well short of expectations, but the market reaction suggests a stronger-than-consensus number might have been met with a downward bias in equities," said Jim Russell, senior equity strategist at US Bank Wealth Management in Cincinnati.
"What we saw today called off the dogs to some degree and took the heat down a notch or two from investors' concern about rate hikes."
Utilities gained 1.2 percent as investors turned to the group for their income appeal with bond yields falling in response to the payrolls data. Utility shares often benefit as bond yields fall because the companies pay relatively rich dividends.
Power generator NRG Energy Inc rose 1.9 percent to USD 30.89, and XCEL Energy Inc advanced 1.9 percent to USD 32.48.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 67.78 points, or 0.4 percent, to 17,137.36. The S&P 500 was up 10.06 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,007.71. The Nasdaq Composite added 20.61 points, or 0.45 percent, to 4,582.90.
For the week, the Dow and the S&P each gained 0.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.06 percent.
Family Dollar Stores Inc shares lost 1.2 percent to USD 79.11 after the discount retailer rejected Dollar General Corp's sweetened takeover bid. Shares of Dollar General fell 2.3 percent to USD 63.01.
Apple shares edged up 0.9 percent to USD 98.97 after the company said it planned to add new security features to its iCloud service.
Retailers lost ground. Michael Kors shares lost 4.5 percent to USD 76.39 after the company announced a secondary offering of 11.6 million shares.
Gap Inc shares fell 4.2 percent to USD 44.65 after worse-than-expected same-store-sales in August.
About 5.2 billion shares traded on all US platforms, according to BATS exchange data, compared with the five-day average of 5.1 billion.
RELATED NEWS

S&P 500 Hits Record on Dividend Stocks  UkraineAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Write-downs behind  United Spirits to focus on margin improvement: AnalystsSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Sensex ends fourth straight week in greenIt was a positive week for the markets, with the benchmark indices advancing in three out of five sessions. (Reuters)
Mumbai | Posted: September 6, 2014 2:37 pm
The benchmark indices ended flat on Friday ahead of the US jobs data. The 50-unit S&P CNX Nifty held onto the psychological 8,000-mark. The BSE benchmark Sensex ended fourth straight week in the green with gains of 1.45%.
On Friday, the foreign institutional investors (FIIs) bought shares worth $51.75 million, while domestic institutional investors sold shares worth $59.13 million, according to provisional data on the exchanges. In year-to-date, FIIs have bought shares worth $13.7 billion.
On Friday, the 30-share BSE Sensex ended lower by 59.23 points or 0.22% to 27,026.70 points, while the broader 50-share Nifty shed 9.10 points or 0.11% to close at 8,086.85 points.
The US jobs data, which was released later in the day cast doubts over recovery of the world’s largest economy. According to a Bloomberg report, 142,000 jobs were added in August; breaking a string of payroll gains of more than 200,000 in calender year 2014.
The markets were kept in check with more than 2% declines in HDFC and Hero Motocorp. Coal India (CIL) ended 1.8% lower after the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) said that surplus coal from captive mines should not be transferred to the CIL units as it may lead to disputes over fuel quality and result in transit losses. Among other bluechipss, Bhel (-1.5%), ICICI Bank (-1.46%) and Tata Motors (-1.27%) were the major losers.
It was a positive week for the markets, with the benchmark indices advancing in three out of five sessions. With the economy growing at a two-year high of 5.7% in June quarter; the markets touched all-time highs on Monday.
The markets notched further gains on Tuesday with the current account deficit (CAD) narrowing to 1.7% of GDP in June quarter from 4.8% in the year-ago period.
Among its peers, most of the Asian markets edged lower on Friday. The Nikkei 225 (-0.05%), Hang Seng (-0.23%), Kospi (-0.33%), Straits Times (-0.14%) and Taiwan Taiex (-0.22%) ended in the red. The European markets were showing a mixed trend with the FTSE and CAC trading marginally in the red, while the DAX seeing moderate gains.
Back home, 17 of the 30 Sensex stocks ended in the red on Friday. In the broader market, breadth was strong with 1,739 stocks traded on the BSE ending higher compared with 1,262 declines. Among sectoral indices, BSE Auto (-0.65%), BSE Bankex (-0.30%) and BSE FMCG (-0.32%) were the major losers.
The NSE cash turnover on Friday was at R17,599 crore, the turnover in the exchange’s F&O segment stood at R1.69 lakh crore.
Experts say the upcoming festive season would set the near-term tone of the markets. “Festive season consumption (government revenue outlook) and important reforms (especially in oil & gas sector) post Maharashtra/Haryana elections are the near-term triggers. Other continued…

BALTIMORE COMIC-CON: First-ever Kurtzman Hall of Fame award to go to Charles Schulz at tonight’s Harvey AwardsThe “Peanuts” graphic novel from kaBOOM!
 
WHEN A CARTOONIST is second to none, it is only right and proper to put him forth first. And on Saturday night in Baltimore, the Harveys ceremony will do just that.
The executive committees for the Harvey Awards and Baltimore Comic-Con for the first time will present a Harvey Kurtzman Hall of Fame Award, and tonight, the inaugural honor will go to “Peanuts” creator Charles M. “Sparky” Schulz.
Karen Johnson, director of the Schulz Museum and Research Center — and a woman who says her youth was “shaped” by Schulz’s strip — will accept the award on behalf on the late cartoonist and his family.
“This continues to validate that this man is timeless,” Johnson tells The Post’s Comic Riffs about Schulz’s latest honor, nearly 15 years after his death, at age 77. “He gave a gift to the world,” she says, and the world continues to gift him back.
“Peanuts,” of course, is inarguably one of the greatest comic strips in the art form’s history, and Schulz’s iconic characters — including Charlie Brown, Linus and Lucy Van Pelt and Snoopy — remain some of the most beloved cartoon creations in the world, nearly 65 years after they bowed into a handful of newspapers in October of 1950.
“Nothing is possibly more important to American comic culture than Charlie Brown and Snoopy,” Marc Nathan, the Baltimore Comic-Con organizer and promoter, tells Comic Riffs. “We all have a specific memory that we will remember forever, and I think the ‘Peanuts’ gang are a part of that for so many of us.
“Sparky’s stature among cartoonists is second to none in American history.”
The Harvey Awards are named for the legendary MAD magazine founder Harvey Kurtzman, and Nathan — in explaining the inaugural selection — notes a commonality shared by Kurtzman and Schulz.
“Harvey Kurtzman was a complete cartoonist in every sense of the word,” Nathan tells Comic Riffs, “so I felt the first Hall of Fame Award should go to the most famous person in American history that was like that — and that was Sparky.
Charles M. Schulz and friend.
The new Hall of Fame award will, according to the committee, salute cartoonists for “their significant, cultural impact: men and women who write, draw and create compelling graphical content that has both artistic excellence and an impact to the culture and the industry.”
Among Schulz’s many top honors are Emmy Awards; he was the first two-time winner of the National Cartoonists Society’s Reuben Award, and received the group’s Milton Caniff Lifetime Achievement Award; and in 2000, he was the recipient of the Congressional Gold Medal — that body’s highest civilian honor.
(Side note: In 1998, I told Sparky that numerous journalists believed he was deserving of special Pulitzer Prize recognition, akin to what fellow visual storytellers Theodor “Dr. Seuss” Geisel and Art Spiegelman received. His reply: “They would never give the Pulitzer to a [non-political] comic strip.” That oversight continues to this day.)
The Harvey Kurtzman Hall of Fame Award will be presented during tonight’s banquet — following Day 2 of Baltimore Comic-Con — at the Hyatt Regency Baltimore. The ceremony will be hosted by Michael Uslan, whose wide-ranging entertainment career includes originating and producing the Batman film franchise.
“For us, this award continues to reinforce that we’re very fortunate to be responsible for the legacy of Charles Schulz,” says Johnson, who has been with the Santa Rosa, Calif., museum for more than a decade. (That legacy includes a CGI “Peanuts” feature film set for a late 2015 release.)
On Saturday afternoon at the convention, Johnson is set to present a session that will illuminate Schulz through his cartoons, including unpublished and little-seen artwork. “Peanuts and Beyond” is about “seeing the world through the eyes of this artist,” Johnson tells Comic Riffs. “He said, ‘Everything I am is in the strip.’ ”
For more information on the 2014 Harvey Awards and the convention, go to:

India needs $4.7 trillion over next 5 years for 7% growth: CII studySouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

In Kolkata  Amit Shah targets Mamata Banerjee over Saradha scamSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Favouritism in government decisions down; India improves global rankSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

J&K Floods: People trapped  city submerged  adminstration missingA view of river Jehlum flowing over Zero Bridge at Rajbagh Srinagar. (Express Picture by Basharat Masood)
Written by Bashaarat Masood | Srinagar | Posted: September 7, 2014 12:48 pm | Updated: September 7, 2014 2:25 pm
From the third story of a guest house in Rajbagh, several tourists are crying for help. At a distance of some 10 meters people are making every effort to reach out to them. But without any boats and life saving equipment, they are helpless.
Those who could have helped are missing on the ground. In most of the city areas that are submerged under water, no body from the administration is seen. The only help comes from the civilians.
On Sunday night, the river Jehlum spilled over submerging Rajbagh, Jawahar Nagar, Gogji Bagh and  Wazir Bagh neighbourhoods of city. The  first story of the houses and hotels in Rajbagh that are packed with tourists are submerged.
“Please help us, take us out of here,” a  group of tourists shouted from a guest house in Rajbagh. “This (guest house) is sinking, please take us out”.
But there is no body from the administration to listen to them. The people who have assembled there are trying their bit but without much success. “What can we do bare handed. Let the government give us a few boats, we will rescue the people. But they are no where seen,” said Abdul Rashid, a civilian. “We are here to give them  hope. We are telling them the help will come soon”.
Officials say that close to 15000 tourists are in the city and they have no idea what to do. “Our tourism minister is himself trapped. We could not rescue him,” said an official. “What would we do with them”.
The irony is that for the past few days government has been publicizing the helpline numbers asking people to call them if they need a rescue. But no body is picking up these numbers.
The people in and around Rajbagh say that the government has no idea how many people are trapped in their houses in Rajbagh and surrounding areas. “When I heard the sound of gushing water, I rushed out of my house,” said Firdous Ahmad of Rajbagh. “And within five minutes, several feet of my house were under water. It didn’t give us time to take out even the important documents like qualification certificates”.
On Saturday night at around 9.30 p.m the water level in Jehlum started to rise. By 1 a.m at night, the water in the river had risen by almost three feet. There was no warning from the government, no monitoring of the river by the administration.
“The government should have warned us in advance that the water level will increase,” says Mushtaq Ahmad, a businessman at Lalchowk. “All the day they were assuring us that the weather is going to continued…
Please help us, take us out of here.This is sinking, please take us out.

CRPF suspends 17 of its men for not fighting Maoists during Sukma ambushPrint
Written by Ashutosh Bhardwaj | Raipur | Posted: September 6, 2014 6:55 pm | Updated: September 7, 2014 2:16 am
The CRPF has suspended 17 of its personnel for “inaction and lack of satisfactory counter-action” during a Maoist attack six months ago at Tahakwada in Sukma district in which 11 personnel of the paramilitary force and four men of the Chhattisgarh Police were killed.
This is the first instance when the CRPF had suspended its personnel deployed on the anti-Naxal front in Chhattisgarh for “dereliction of duty and cowardice”, said senior officials.
The action followed a preliminary enquiry ordered by CRPF IG Chhattisgarh HS Siddhu. “Following a preliminary enquiry these personnel were placed under suspension and departmental inquiry has been initiated for inaction and lack of satisfactory response during the Naxal attack,” Siddhu told The Sunday Express.
All the suspended personnel — 14 constables and head constables, two assistant sub-inspectors and an inspector— belonged to the 80th Battalion.
The biggest Maoist ambush on security forces in three years, the attack took place on March 11 morning, weeks before the Lok Sabha elections in Bastar. Along with the 15 CRPF and police personnel, a villager was also killed in the attack.
The state police have also suspended a head constable, an alleged “Maoist mole” in the force who informed the rebels about the police movement during the ambush. Bastar IG SRP Kalluri said, “A court of inquiry was conducted. On the basis of account of the injured CRPF personnel and eyewitnesses and other evidence available, CRPF has suspended them. We have also suspended a head constable Mahadev Nag. He informed one Manjhi Ram Kashyap that forces had left the thana. Kashyap later informed the Maoists about the force movement,” Kalluri added. Kashyap was arrested a fortnight ago.
Several of the CRPF’s suspended personnel have been sent on leave and sources indicated they might be dismissed after the departmental inquiry that is likely to submit its report in three months.
While Bastar has seen killings of several security personnel in Maoist ambushes, the Tahakwada incident was different. A team of 45 CRPF and police personnel had left Tongpal police station for a patrol on national highway around 9.30 am. They had barely walked 3-4 km when they were ambushed in a plain area, where there were no hills or forests as in other ambushes. The Maoists fired from behind the small hedges in a field, just 40-45 metre from the road and managed to kill 15 personnel of the front row in the first burst of fire itself.
It has now emerged that the suspended personnel were behind this first section and instead of coming to their help, they stayed behind and later deserted their colleagues.
The Maoists also easily managed to snatch the rifles of the slain personnel. The weapons and ammunition looted included six AK-47s, some of which were fitted with Under Barrel Grenade Launchers, 18 magazines of the same rifle, one Light Machine Gun with 10 magazines, nine INSAS rifles with 30 magazines, two SLRs with six magazines and two wireless sets.
While Chhattisgarh police and CRPF DGP Dileep Trivedi had claimed after the ambush that the forces fought continued…

Saradha scam: Sudipta was mulling licence for  Saradha bank  from scam fundsPress Trust of India | Posted: September 7, 2014 2:17 pm
Arrested chairman of scam-hit Saradha group Sudipta Sen was planning to apply for a bank licence with a capital of over Rs 1,000 crore funds allegedly cobbled from the money of numerous duped investors, an investigation has revealed.
The business venture, which could have been named ‘Saradha bank’, was being allegedly planned as a new market foray of the diversified group by Sen, but as investors raised their voices of being cheated early last year, the project could not see the light of the day.
In fresh revelations made by the investigating agencies of this case, the Enforcement Directorate (ED) has found and recovered documents which were to be used by the group for applying for a fresh bank licence, an opportunity that was announced by country’s banking regulator RBI in February 2013.
The RBI, had then issued guidelines for application procedures for obtaining new bank licences and the deadline for it was kept as July 1.
This year in April, the RBI granted licences to two of the total 25 applicant business groups. The banking regulator had advertised this opportunity after almost a decade, the last being in 2003-04.
An investigation note, prepared by the ED and other probe agencies and accessed by PTI, states that documents were recovered by them during searches on the premises of the Saradha group which revealed that Sen was indeed planning and putting together his resources to apply for a bank licence.
“The capital for this bank could have been anywhere above Rs 1,000 crore and the group was banking on the funds that its front companies had collected by floating the ponzi schemes which are now under probe after the scam broke out,” a source privy to the development said.
Documents related to RBI guidelines, rules and regulatory compliances required for applying a bank licence were recovered during detailed searches, sources said, adding some of them were found after data was forensically recovered from computer hard discs.
“Had the scam not broken out, the group would have applied for the license. We get to understand that the brand name for this future business venture would have been showcased as ‘Saradha bank’,” the source said.
The laundering of the investor funds would have led to the raising of this bank and sources said that these evidences would also be listed by them in the charge sheet of the Saradha scam case which is expected to be filed in the next one month.
The ED has till now found that a complicated maze of 338 bank accounts and 224 companies was used by the perpetrators of this chitfund scam which is alleged to have duped numerous investors of their hard earned monies in various states including West Bengal, Odisha and Assam.
The ED probe report has ascertained that the laundering amount in this case amounts close to Rs 1983.02 crore and it has identified it as “proceeds of crime” as stipulated under the criminal provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act.
Investigative agencies probing the case including ED, CBI, state police departments of West Bengal, continued…

Human traffickers involvement confirmed in Sikh stowawaysPress Trust of India | London | Posted: September 7, 2014 8:49 pm
The involvement of human traffickers in the case involving 35 Afghan Sikh stowaways, found inside an airtight shipping container on a dockyard in British port, has been confirmed with the arrest of a third person, a media report said on Sunday.
Police arrested a third man in connection with the death, a special investigation by the ‘Sunday Telegraph’ has confirmed the hand of human traffickers behind the death of one of the Afghan Sikh men and how 34 others, including women and children ended up close to suffocation in the container.
Meet Singh Kapoor, 40, was one of 35 people from Afghanistan, discovered at Tilbury Docks in Essex on August 16.
A 47-year-old man from Dungannon in Northern Ireland has been arrested at Liverpool Ferry Port and will be transferred into the custody of Essex Police.
Two other men also charged in connection with the death remain in custody to appear at Basildon Crown Court in November, the police said.
A 34-year-old from Rose Park, Limavady, Londonderry and another aged 33, of Elmgrove, Londonderry are both charged with conspiring to facilitate illegal entry into the UK.
Kapoor, in a bid to escape a heavy debt, tried to leave his hometown of Jalalabad in Afghanistan with his wife and two children.
According to the newspaper investigation, Kapoor and his family may have paid as much as 1,200 pounds to human traffickers to smuggle them across the border into Iran, then through Turkey into Bulgaria or northern Greece.
From there the journey, by lorry, would have taken them through Serbia, Hungary, Austria and Germany.
In June, Kapoor rang his uncle in Jalalabad to tell him they had made it as far as Belgium and were trying to secure a passage to the UK.
“Everyone gets the help of human traffickers; no one can get a visa for the UK, so Meet Singh was also using those ways,” his uncle was quoted as saying by the paper.
The final leg of their journey involved them being sealed inside the cargo container with 18 other adults and 13 children aged one to 12 some time before it was loaded on a lorry onto a P&O roll-on, roll-off ferry at Zeebrugge in Belgium.
Dock workers broke into the container after hearing screams and cries from inside. The migrants, including Kapoor’s wife and children, were cared for initially by members of the Sikh community in Essex and are now in the care of the Home Office while their application for asylum status is being considered.
A Home Office spokesperson said: “This tragic incident is a reminder of the devastating human consequences of illegal migration and we will do all we can to help bring those responsible to justice.”

Mkts to track SC coal hearing  economic data this wkYou are here: Home > Collections
Stock markets to track Supreme Court coal hearing, economic data this week
PTI Sep 7, 2014, 10.28PM IST
(Shares of metal and power…)
NEW DELHI: Markets this week will closely track events like the hearing of coal blocks allocation case in Supreme Court, industrial output figures and inflation data as investors await fresh triggers for benchmark indices to resume their upward journey, say experts.
Shares of metal and power companies will be in focus as the Supreme Court will hear the coal block case on Tuesday.
Industrial production figures for July would be released on Friday. Data for inflation based on combined consumer price index (CPI) would also be announced on the same day.
Trends in investment by overseas investors, movement of rupee against the dollar and crude oil price will also give cues to investors.
The BSE benchmark index Sensex closed at 27,026.70, showing a gain of 388 points or 1.45 per cent last week, during which it hit lifetime high of 27,225.85. The Nifty ended at 8,086.85, logging a rise of 132.50 points in the same period.
"Overall, we feel markets look positive and trade positions, market activity, derivatives positions, sentiments - all indicate towards a healthy market movement in the coming week. The Ukraine crisis is about to get resolved which is positive for the markets.
"We expect the markets to remain upbeat and FII flows shall continue to enter emerging markets like India," said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
A host of positive developments on domestic as well as global fronts have helped the market to go on a winning spree.
The sentiment has turned bullish as capital inflows picked up after economic growth improved to two-and-a-half year high of 5.7 per cent in April-June quarter, brokers said.
Jignesh Chaudhary, Head of Research, Veracity Broking Services said, "We have two very important data -- CPI and IIP... they are hoped to be better than previous releases and so this would boost Indian markets. Technical indicators are suggesting the positive movement continuing for the markets."
Investors would be closely tracking Supreme Court's developments in coal block allocations case due on September 9, said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
The European Central Bank (ECB) on Friday cut its policy rates and announced additional measures to stimulate the deteriorating economy. There is some buzz that domestic markets could benefit from such funds, dealers said.
"On the domestic front, things are looking up on the heels of PM's successful Japan sojourn," said Aman Chowdhury, CEO and Co-Founder, Cians Analytics.
FEATURED ARTICLES

8 Sensex blue-chips add Rs 52 277cr in mkt valuationBSE
(Barring ITC and ICICI Bank,…)
NEW DELHI: Eight of the top 10 most valued Indian firms together added Rs 52,277 crore in market valuation last week, with TCS, CIL and RIL emerging as the biggest gainers.
Barring ITC and ICICI Bank, rest eight companies including ONGC, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI and Sun Pharma saw gains in their market capitalisation (m-cap).
The m-cap of outsourcing giant TCS surged by Rs 14,181.19 crore to Rs 5,08,681.66 crore.
State-owned Coal India's market valuation jumped by Rs 9,379.8 crore to Rs 2,34,495.03 crore, while that of RIL went up by Rs 8,425.96 crore to Rs 3,31,574.48 crore.
The valuation of Infosys soared by Rs 7,826.84 crore to Rs 2,14,207.32 crore, followed by ONGC (Rs 6,288.29 crore to Rs 3,78,580.44 crore), SBI (Rs 4,102.42 crore to Rs 1,87,793 crore), HDFC Bank (Rs 1,399.38 crore to Rs 2,04,780.56 crore) and Sun Pharma (Rs 673.11 crore to Rs 1,77,659.31 crore).
On the other hand, ITC's m-cap slipped by Rs 3,864.16 crore to Rs 2,79,096.30 crore and ICICI Bank lost Rs 942.86 crore to Rs 1,79,126.07 crore.
TCS continued to rule the top-10 companies list followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, CIL, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
The BSE benchmark index Sensex concluded the week at 27,026.70, showing a gain of 388 points or 1.45 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hyderabad seminary warns youth against ISUpdated: September 7, 2014 23:24 IST
Hyderabad seminary warns youth against IS
J. S. Ifthekhar
The Hindu A view of the Jamia Nizamia one of the oldest Islamic seminaries in south India. File photo
TOPICS
Andhra Pradesh
With reports emerging that four young men from the city had tried to join the Islamic State (IS) before being prevented by the police, the Jamia Nizamia, one of the oldest Islamic seminaries in south India, has come out strongly against the jihadi outfit.
“The IS is indulging in terror which has no place in Islam”, said Mufti Khaleel Ahmed, chancellor of the Jamia.
Speaking to The Hindu, he accused the IS of causing death and destruction in the name of Islam. The acts of terror perpetrated by the outfit are totally inhuman and intended to tarnish the image of Islam, the Mufti said and charged the IS with following a ‘deviant’ ideology.
Scholars at the Jamia Nizamia, which is considered the ‘Al Azhar’ of India, have cautioned youth against falling prey to the recruitment drive of the IS. “In the name of jihad and caliphate the IS and its agents are misguiding the community”, the Mufti said.
“Muslim youth should not get carried away by emotions and do things which they would rue later”, he said.

On the toughest job of them allUpdated: September 7, 2014 00:32 IST
On the toughest job of them all
Manish Dubey
cricket
I am a wicketkeeper. Openers, fast bowlers and recent Indian captains may not agree, but ours, I submit, is the toughest job on the cricket field.
Here is the minimum expected of any self-respecting keeper. Watch the ball as intently and as frequently as all the opposition batsmen combined. Collect and relay the ball at least as many times as all other teammates combined. Bend, crouch, stand up, shift, generally alter position and posture as often as changes in playing conditions, state of play, bowler type and batsmen mood warrant. Restrict byes and, in the process, make the bowler look and feel better than (s)he should. Holler and rush at run out chances. Pouch nicks. Sniff and realise stumping opportunities. Belt the most compelling — and distracting — appeals. All this saddled with weightier and longer-worn on-body equipment than anyone else’s.
Plus, we are ex-officio members of the on-field think-tank and need to come across as upbeat, particularly in times when there is little reason for being so, in our role as the side’s chief cheerleaders. No sagging permitted, not even for a moment.
Workdays, you can well imagine, are always busy, tiring. There are occasions when we envy the respite others get. The batsman has the refuge of the non-striker’s end, the bowler can catch a breath between deliveries, overs and spells, and inadequate fielders can be banished to less busy corners. We have to be on the ball always. There is the added pressure of being more than useful with the bat in the post-Adam Gilchrist era.
We are also lonely guys as far as trade-related matters are concerned. At the very minimum, a contingent has more than half a dozen batsmen and more than half a dozen bowlers. Usually, there is only one of us; two, if the team is embarking on a full-fledged overseas tour. The coaching team typically has individuals who have batted and/or bowled at a certain level but someone with experience of actually keeping wickets is rare.
Which means batsmen and bowlers can exchange notes among themselves, benefit from the mentorship of senior guys and talk to the coaching staff to iron out an issue. In our case, an experienced mate or an astute coaching hand may chip in with a useful observation but a deeper technical flaw has to be pretty much coped with on our own. Till the ongoing series or, as it often happens given the packed schedule these days, season is over.
In recent times, one notable piece of cricket literature where there has been some empathy for our species is in Cutting Edge, Javed Miandad’s autobiography. He vividly recalls the time when he was asked to keep for a while in a Test match and cramped and ached like never before at the end of the day’s play. The doughty Miandad’s appreciation of the demands of our job, even if brief, means much. We are also pretty sure that only a selfless team man like Rahul Dravid, some early experience of keeping notwithstanding, could have donned the keeper’s gloves when India needed a non-specialist to take on the role in search of team balance.
More deserving of empathy are all those youngsters who keep wickets for neighbourhood and club teams. Foremost because keeping may not have been their first choice. Most, after all, take to cricket in the hope of emulating batting or bowling stars, and even those who idolise a Gilchrist or Dhoni are drawn at least as much by their batting exploits as their keeping. More often than not they opt for keeping duties at the instance of coaches or team seniors looking for a ‘multi-purpose solution’— to filling in a critical position, accommodating a talented or likeable bloke and achieving team balance.
Once settled into keeping roles, cementing their position in the side on account of their not-entirely-dispensable skill and perhaps even growing to relish the task, these youngsters struggle with the demands of the job with poor quality equipment and little specialist input. Those gifted, persevering and lucky enough to emerge from the grind and stake claim to represent the country face another roadblock. International keepers tend to have long careers, and breaking in is not easy.
Of course, once one has earned a regular place in the international side, it is back to hard work and being lonely.
This time only with the perquisites that come with wide recognition. And what perks those are!

Goa mining ban: OTS formula hits a road-blockbanking
A debt relief scheme notified by the Goa government recently to partially write off accumulated interest or principal of the bank loans of borrowers affected by mining ban through a one time settlement (OTS) formula has faced a road-block as the scheme is yet to get clerance from the Reserve Bank of India(RBI).
Sources in the State Bank of India (SBI), lead bank, on Saturday recalled while talking to The Hindu that after this proposal was made by the State government at the State Level Bankers Committee (SLBC) meeting held in July, attended by Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar himself, the bankers’ body made it clear that such a write-off of loans had to be endorsed by the RBI. Accordingly, the same was forwarded to the RBI.
A senior banker in the SBI said that the individual banks are free to take their own decisions on OTS of their loans with government subsidy of 35 per cent on a case-to-case basis, where security cover is less than the loan outstanding. In case where loans are covered by sufficient security, why the bankers would opt for settlement, he asked.
President of Barge Owners’ Association, Atul Jadhav, and Goa Mining People’s Front which represent the loanees facing mining-ban-related crisis over their high NPAs with banks and financial institutions have now demanded that the government has no option but to take over the loans by paying the banks through State’s Apex financial institution like EDC to bail out the nearly 8,000 loanees.
When asked for the response of the GMPF, body representing people affected by nearly two year mining halt, to this development, Advocate Suhaas Naik said on Saturday that it was up to the State government whether to use money that the government got from e-auctioning of the iron ore dumps, to clear these dues to the banks or Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar should use his good offices with the new NDA government at the Centre to get the special mining ban-affected package of Rs.2,500 crores he had sought last year from the erstwhile UPA government.
The State government on Thursday notified the “Debt Relief Scheme for mining affected borrowers of Financial Institutions” to pay off overdue loans against trucks, barges and machinery.
The State government has made a provision of Rs.400 crores for the scheme. The actual liability could be nearly Rs.1,000 crores.
Through the debt-relief scheme for the mining-ban-affected mining dependents, the government will give 35 per cent subsidy to those of the bank loanees who will clear their bank loans taken before September 2012, i.e., ahead of the mining suspension. Only borrowers with outstanding loans as on June 30, 2014 would be entitled for OTS scheme.

Dena Bank expects better asset quality in Q4Updated: September 7, 2014 00:07 IST
Dena Bank expects better asset quality in Q4
G. Balachandar
banking
Dena Bank has indicated that its asset quality will start improving from fourth quarter of this fiscal as it expects the slippages to come down from that quarter.
“Sentiments are very positive now. Once the major projects get cleared, things will be much better. We expect the slippages to come down from January-March 2015 quarter, and thereby leading to improvements in asset quality,” Ashwani Kumar, Chairman & Managing Director of the Bank said here on Saturday.
Asset quality of the bank has been under stress over the past several quarters. Its gross NPA (non-performing assets) rose to Rs.3,169 crore in Q1 of this fiscal from Rs.2,616 crore in Q4 of previous fiscal. Gross NPA ratio was 4.21 per cent as against 3.33 per cent in Q4 of 2013-14. Similarly, the net NPA rose to 2.94 per cent from 2.35 per cent.
Mr. Kumar said slippages were mainly in infrastructure, steel and textiles accounts. While the bank is expediting recovery measures, it claims to have contained slippages in smaller accounts. It is closely monitoring “lumpy accounts” where the slippages are higher.
Earlier, Mr Kumar said that the forensic investigations report on Dena Bank's Malabar Hill branch scam was in final stages, and would be submitted shortly. There were allegations of misappropriation of funds to the tune of Rs.256 crore.
Dena Bank is targeting an 18 per cent growth for the current fiscal, and is looking for a capital infusion of Rs.1,200 crore to support this growth. It has requested the government to dilute its stake to 51 per cent from 58 per cent to help the bank mobilise the capital.

The nuclear thorn in India-Japan tiesThe nuclear thorn in India-Japan ties
Bhaskar Balakrishnan
India waits The ebb and flow of nuclear fortunes
India offers a large market for nuclear suppliers, but Japan needs to be flexible
The recent visit to Japan by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has brought into focus the ongoing India-Japan negotiations on a civil nuclear agreement. This remains an item of unfinished business, though both sides have declared that it would be pursued with greater vigour. Exactly how important is this agreement in the context of India’s nuclear programme? What factors underlie the Japanese position?
India has embarked upon an ambitious programme to step up nuclear power generation. This is to be achieved through (a) indigenous pressurised heavy water reactors (PHWR), (b) fast breeder reactors (FBRs), and (c) imported pressurised light water reactors (PWRs) of advanced design sourced from suppliers such as Russia, France, the US and Japan.
India has developed its PHWRs and scaled them up to 700 megawatt electrical (MWe) capacity. These reactors require natural uranium fuel which is scarce in India and needs to be imported.
In all other aspects such as reactor design, construction, operation, including heavy water production, India is fully self-sufficient. India has been able to adapt these reactors to use various types of fuel, and has accumulated considerable years of technical and operational experience. The PHWR can also be used to produce fissile plutonium-239 for civil or military use after reprocessing the spent fuel. This programme remains the bedrock of India’s nuclear programme.
India’s fast breeder reactor programme is advancing rapidly. The first commercial FBR will come on stream in Kalpakkam with 500 MWe capacity. It would be capable of transforming fertile thorium-232 (which India has in ample quantity), into fissile uranium-233, enabling India to produce this nuclear fuel for its reactors. Uranium-233, which has to be produced through fuel reprocessing, can also be used for nuclear weapons though there are some technical difficulties.
Short on enriched uranium
In the PWR sector, India has had some experience with imported reactors at Tarapore (supplied by the US ) and Koodankulam (supplied by Russia). The post-1974 and post-1998 nuclear embargo on India made it clear that imported low enriched uranium fuel supply could be withheld, effectively shutting down these reactors.
At present, India does not have enough commercial uranium enrichment capacity to produce its own low enriched fuel in sufficient quantities for its PWRs. So it is dependent on imported fuel for its PWRs. India is therefore planning to increase its uranium enrichment capability.
India has planned to set up PWRs imported from Russia (Koodankulam), France (Jaitapur), the US and Japan under its state-run company the Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltd (NPCIL).
Of these, Koodankulam-1 went on line recently, adding 1000 MW to the energy-starved southern grid. Koodankulam-2 is to become operational in the near future. Areva of France and NPCIL are working on setting up an advanced PWR, the European Pressurised Reactor (EPR), of 1650 MWe capacity at Jaitapur, though the project is facing many hurdles.
Component dependency
The PWR sector is dependent on Japan for supply of some components, notably very large sized special steel forgings as part of the reactor pressure vessel. These are made of special steel, capable of withstanding the high pressures and temperatures and the intense neutron bombardment from the reactor core, without failure for over 40 years.
Typically, the pressure vessel would weigh some 300 tonnes and is made from special steel over 20 cm thick. Without this component it would not be possible to construct a PWR. There are very few companies that can manufacture these components, and the most experienced and largest supplier is from Japan. Their order books are full up to 5-6 years in the future.
A few other companies in South Korea, US, France, Russia and China are also capable of building such components. India is encouraging companies such as L&T, BHEL, and Bharat Forge to develop the capability, which would also be needed for its nuclear propulsion PWRs. Areva and other companies would be severely handicapped if Japanese components were not available for their PWR projects.
The importance of an Indo-Japanese nuclear deal stems from these considerations. The hurdles to this deal emanate from Japan’s insistence that no reprocessing of spent fuel would be done in India, and that in the event of a nuclear test by India, the components supplied would be immediately returned to Japan. On the other hand, India considers it should get the same regime applicable to nuclear weapons states (NWS) under the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, which it has not signed but has unilaterally undertaken to respect. The conditions imposed on India are more stringent than those on countries China, the US and other NWS under the NPT.
Japan was one of the countries that reacted strongly to India’s nuclear tests in 1974 and 1998. It was pressured by the Bush administration to agree to the waiver given to India by the nuclear suppliers group (NSG). It has refrained from developing nuclear weapons though it certainly has the technical and financial capacity to do so.
Unfair stipulation
The condition that spent fuel be returned for reprocessing is unacceptable to India as it goes beyond what was agreed with the US and other countries. It would also be difficult and unsafe to transport highly radioactive spent fuel across thousands of kilometres to the fuel supplying country. The other condition that components should be returned in the event of a nuclear test is also impossible to implement for the reason that it involves shutting down a reactor, and dismantling and shipping back massive reactor vessel components which would be highly radioactive.
What would be the consequences of Japan continuing to insist on these conditions? It would result in India facing delays in implementing the PWR programme using imported reactors and fuel. India would then be compelled to step up its PHWR and FBR programmes, and also its enrichment and reprocessing capability to compensate for the shortfall in nuclear power generation. These are programmes where India is fully self-sufficient, and is not obliged to declare them as civilian and subject to IAEA inspections.
The question that Japanese negotiators must face is this: Do they wish India to enlarge its indigenous unsafeguarded PHWR and FBR programmes (and possibly its strategic programmes), or do they wish India to enlarge its IAEA-safeguarded PWR programmes that are dependent on fuel imports? Should they give China more favourable treatment than India in matters of civil nuclear cooperation?
If the answer is no to both questions, then they need to show more flexibility in reaching a reasonable agreement with India, along the lines of civil nuclear agreements India has signed with the US, France, the UK, South Korea, Canada and other countries. India has other options that it will and must follow in case the PWR programme is delayed due to the lack of a civil agreement with Japan.
The writer is a former Indian ambassador who specialises in nuclear technology and related affairs
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Controversial BJP leader Yogi Adityanath at it againBJP leader Adityanath makes hate speech again
Vinod Rajput , Hindustan Times  Noida, September 07, 2014
First Published: 21:35 IST(7/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:31 IST(8/9/2014)
Comments
Yogi Adityanath, Bharatiya Janata Party’s lead campaigner for the by-polls in Uttar Pradesh, made yet another controversial statement on Sunday as he blamed people of a minority religion for the state’s recent communal tensions.
“There have been 450 riots cases in West UP in two-and-a-half years of Samajwadi Party because the population of a particular community is rising manifold. Why there are no riots in Eastern UP? you can easily understand,” he said during a rally in Noida.
"In places where there are 10 to 20% minorities, stray communal incidents take place. Where there are 20 to 35% of them, serious communal riots take place and where they are more than 35%, there is no place for non-Muslims," the Lok Sabha member said.
Read: Adityanath must not be allowed to hijack BJP’s growth agenda
Adityanath, elected a Parliamentarian from Uttar Pradesh’s Gorakhpur in the May elections, has made similar comments in the past. "In places where there are 10 to 20% minorities, stray communal incidents take place.
Where there are 20 to 35% of them, serious communal riots take place and where they are more than 35%, there is no place for non-Muslims," he had said during a television news programme.

Foreign Flows to Dominate Market Mood as Nifty Consolidates at 8000Sensex, Nifty Fall Sharply As Fed Jitters Hit Global Markets Again
The week ahead could see the Nifty consolidate at 8000 and above as market participants will pause for breath after a very sharp rally.
With oil at 14-month low and gold at almost 6-month low, stock markets will continue to see foreign investment, with India being the flavour of the month and year.
US stocks closed at another record high as strong jobs data further fuelled the equity rally. The dollar also rallied to close at a 5-month high and 10 year bond yields ended the week at 2.37 per cent, the lowest in almost a year.
Global rally was also in response to the peace talk initiative between Ukraine and Russia, because of which geo political risk ebbed after almost 7-8 months.
Locally, the market breadth was weak as recent negative news flow from companies such as Bhushan steel, Syndicate Bank and JP Associates hurt the market sentiment. However, foreign buying continued to support the market when local flows turned negative.
The markets will also gear up to another wall of money as "Super Mario" or Mario Draghi the head of the ECB announced another large stimulus package for Europe to revive the economies. The flow of money is scheduled to enter the system in middle of October and could make equities continue to outshine most asset classes till the end of the year.
Prime Minister Modi's visit to Japan was also very well received by the market as it saw commitment of almost $35 billion being promised by the Japanese government to invest in India over the next 5 years.
This current uptrend is led by cyclicals. Both Bank Nifty and IT index are trading around all time high levels. So in a way this market is completely driven by momentum and traders should not be worried about targets and resistance as any signs of exhaustion are not yet visible. This rally has broken numerous resistance levels. Traders need to follow this uptrend till it continues. Earlier breakout point of 7850-7900 is likely to act as a strong support.
Tracking the top 3 gainers on the Nifty were NMDC up 9.6 per cent, Bharti Airtel up 8.5 per cent and Cipla up 8.4 per cent; while the top 3 losers were Bhel down 7.5 per cent, United Spirits down 4.8 per cent and Tata Motors down 3.6 per cent.
As Nifty has conquered 8000 with relative ease, the year-end target for the market seems much higher. However, poor market breadth is indicating very little participation which suggests booking profit in over stretched heavyweights would be the strategy for the time being.
Sanjeev Bhasin is an independent market analyst. The opinions expressed here are the personal opinions of the author. NDTV is not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, suitability or validity of any information given here. All information is provided on an as-is basis. The information, facts or opinions appearing on the blog do not reflect the views of NDTV and NDTV does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.
Story first published on: September 07, 2014 12:08 (IST)

 FIIs Pump in Rs. 9 000 Crore in First Week of SeptemberYou are here: Home Market
FIIs Pump in Rs 9,000 Crore in First Week of September
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 07, 2014 11:34 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Fall Sharply As Fed Jitters Hit Global Markets Again
New Delhi: Continuing their bet on the government's reforms agenda, overseas investors have poured in nearly Rs 9,000 crore in the Indian capital market in the first week of the month.
Net investments by foreign investors in the equity market were Rs 3,972 crore ($656 million) from September 1-5, while they infused a net amount of Rs 5,013 crore ($828 million) in the debt market during the period, taking the total to Rs 8,986 crore ($1.5 billion), as per the latest data.
Market analysts maintain that overseas investors (foreign Institutional Investors, sub-accounts or foreign portfolio investors) have been betting on the Indian market mainly on account of the reforms agenda of the new government at the Centre.
Also, they anticipate that inflows would continue in the coming months on slew of measures announced by the government.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of Rs 1.9 lakh crore ($31.5 billion) into the country's securities market. This includes a net investment of Rs 82,307 crore in equities and Rs 1.07 lakh crore into debt market.
FIIs, the main driver of the equity market, have helped push up the benchmark BSE Sensex by 1.45 per cent last week and is now moving above 27,000 level.
The strong inflows in the recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of FIIs into India to $202 billion, while their investments in rupee terms is Rs 9.8 lakh crore.
This is based on the data since November 1992 when the FIIs began investing into Indian markets and includes about $160 billion investments into equities and further about $41 billion in debt markets.
From the beginning of June, FIIs (Foreign Institutional Investors) along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator Sebi to create a new investor category called Foreign Portfolio Investors.
Story first published on: September 07, 2014 11:33 (IST)

 Eight Sensex Blue-chips Add Rs. 52 277 Cr in Market ValueSensex, Nifty Fall Sharply As Fed Jitters Hit Global Markets Again
New Delhi:
Eight of the top 10 most valued Indian firms together added Rs 52,277 crore in market valuation last week, with TCS, CIL and RIL emerging as the biggest gainers.
Barring ITC and ICICI Bank, rest eight companies including ONGC, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI and Sun Pharma saw gains in their market capitalisation (m-cap).
The m-cap of outsourcing giant TCS surged by Rs 14,181.19 crore to Rs 5,08,681.66 crore.
State-owned Coal India's market valuation jumped by Rs 9,379.8 crore to Rs 2,34,495.03 crore, while that of RIL went up by Rs 8,425.96 crore to Rs 3,31,574.48 crore.
The valuation of Infosys soared by Rs 7,826.84 crore to Rs 2,14,207.32 crore, followed by ONGC (Rs 6,288.29 crore to Rs 3,78,580.44 crore), SBI (Rs 4,102.42 crore to Rs 1,87,793 crore), HDFC Bank (Rs 1,399.38 crore to Rs 2,04,780.56 crore) and Sun Pharma (Rs 673.11 crore to Rs 1,77,659.31 crore).
On the other hand, ITC's m-cap slipped by Rs 3,864.16 crore to Rs 2,79,096.30 crore and ICICI Bank lost Rs 942.86 crore to Rs 1,79,126.07 crore.
TCS continued to rule the top-10 companies list followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, CIL, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
The BSE benchmark index Sensex concluded the week at 27,026.70, showing a gain of 388 points or 1.45 per cent.
Story first published on: September 07, 2014 16:11 (IST)

No Plans to List Overseas Arm: ONGC ChiefYou are here: Home Corporates
ONGC Chief Says No Plans to List Overseas Arm
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 07, 2014 18:50 (IST)
Banks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
Mumbai:
Reversing the plans of the previous management, the new brass at the oil and gas producer ONGC has ruled out taking any of its five JVs, especially its power venture in Tripura and petchem venture OPAL, and also its sole subsidiary ONGC Videsh, public or exiting them.
"We have no plans to exit any of our joint ventures. Also, are we not thinking about taking them public through IPOs," ONGC chairman & managing director D K Sarraf told a group of journalists here over the weekend.
He also ruled out listing sole subsidiary OVL, which handles the state-run exploration giant's overseas operations.
"Definitely not. We have no plan to list ONGC Videsh".
The oil and gas behemoth, in which the government holds 69 per cent stake and is on the block for a five per cent divestment soon, has five JVs and one subsidiary (ONGC Videsh).
The five joint ventures are ONGC Petro Additions (OPAL), ONGC Mangalore Petrochemicals (OMPL), ONGC Tripura Power Company (OPCL), Dahej SEZ (DSL) and Mangalore Special Economic Zone (MSEZ). Of these, the past management was keen on listing OTPCL and OPAL.
OPAL, incorporated in 2006, is a joint venture between ONGC, GAIL and GSPC (Gujarat State Petroleum Corp). It is currently setting up a a grass root mega petrochemical project at Dahej in Gujarat.
OMPL is promoted by ONGC and Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals (MRPL) and was set up in December 2006. It has an aromatic complex coming up at 442 acres in the Mangalore Special Economic Zone at an estimated cost of Rs 5,750 crore.
OTPC is a joint venture of ONGC, IL&FS Energy Development Company and Tripura government. It is setting up a 727 MW combined cycle gas power plant in Tripura to monetise gas, which had been lying idle for want of adequate market in the region.
Mangalore Special Economic Zone was incorporated in February 2006 with participation of ONGC, IL&FS, Karnataka Chamber of Commerce & Industries and Karnataka Industrial Area Development Board with an equity structure of 26 per cent, 50 per cent, 23 per cent and 1 per cent, respectively.
Dahej SEZ is a joint venture between Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation (GIDC) and ONGC, and was set up in September 2004 with an equity holding of 26 per cent and 23 per cent, respectively with the rest being set aside for strategic investors.
Story first published on: September 07, 2014 18:49 (IST)

Stock markets to track SC coal hearing  eco data this weekSep 07, 2014, 01.36 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Stock markets to track SC coal hearing, eco data this week
Markets this week will closely track events like the hearing of coal blocks allocation case in Supreme Court, industrial output figures and inflation data as investors await fresh triggers for benchmark indices to  resume their upward journey, say experts.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Stock markets to track SC coal hearing, eco data this week
Markets this week will closely track events like the hearing of coal blocks allocation case in Supreme Court, industrial output figures and inflation data as investors await fresh triggers for benchmark indices to  resume their upward journey, say experts.
Post your opinion here
 
Markets this week will closely track events like the hearing of coal blocks allocation case in Supreme Court, industrial output figures and inflation data as investors await fresh triggers for benchmark indices to  resume their upward journey, say experts.
Shares of metal and power companies will be in focus as  the Supreme Court will hear the coal block case on Tuesday.
Industrial production figures for July would be released on Friday. Data for inflation based on combined consumer price index (CPI) would also be announced on the same day.
Trends in investment by overseas investors, movement of rupee against the dollar and crude oil price will also give cues to investors.
The BSE benchmark index Sensex closed at 27,026.70, showing a gain of 388 points or 1.45 per cent last week, during which it hit lifetime high of 27,225.85. The Nifty ended at 8,086.85, logging a rise of 132.50 points in the same period.
"Overall, we feel markets look positive and trade positions, market activity, derivatives positions, sentiments all indicate towards a healthy market movement in the coming
week. The Ukraine crisis is about to get resolved which is positive for the markets.
"We expect the markets to remain upbeat and FII flows shall continue to enter emerging markets like India," said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
A host of positive developments on domestic as well as global fronts have helped the market to go on a winning spree. The sentiment has turned bullish as capital inflows
picked up after economic growth improved to two-and-a-half year high of 5.7 per cent in April-June quarter, brokers said.
Jignesh Chaudhary, Head of Research, Veracity Broking Services said, "We have two very important data -- CPI and IIP... they are hoped to be better than previous releases and so this would boost Indian markets. Technical indicators are suggesting the positive movement continuing for the markets."
Investors would be closely tracking Supreme Court's developments in coal block allocations case due on September 9, said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution,
Religare Securities.
The European Central Bank (ECB) on Friday cut its policy rates and announced additional measures to stimulate the deteriorating economy. There is some buzz that domestic markets could benefit from such funds, dealers said.
"On the domestic front, things are looking up on the heels of PM's successful Japan sojourn," said Aman Chowdhury, CEO and Co-Founder, Cians Analytics.
RELATED NEWS

IPO market remains sluggish; 23 firms raise Rs 538cr this yearSep 07, 2014, 12.15 PM IST  | Source: PTI
IPO mkt remains sluggish; 23 firms raise Rs 538 cr this yr
An analysis of all IPOs that have hit the market so far this year shows that most of these public offers were on the Small and Medium Enterprise (SME) platforms of BSE and NSE and their main platforms have hosted only two IPOs in this period.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
IPO mkt remains sluggish; 23 firms raise Rs 538 cr this yr
An analysis of all IPOs that have hit the market so far this year shows that most of these public offers were on the Small and Medium Enterprise (SME) platforms of BSE and NSE and their main platforms have hosted only two IPOs in this period.
Post your opinion here
 
The IPO market seems to have remained untouched by the bullish sentiments in the overall stock markets, as less than Rs 550 crore have been raised collectively by 23 companies through their respective initial public offers so far in 2014.
Besides, just one IPO is currently underway, wherein Sharda Cropchem is aiming to raise over Rs 350 crore through a public offer scheduled to close on Tuesday.
An analysis of all IPOs that have hit the market so far this year shows that most of these public offers were on the Small and Medium Enterprise (SME) platforms of BSE and NSE and their main platforms have hosted only two IPOs in this period.
Together, these 23 IPOs have resulted in fund-raising to the tune of Rs 538 crore, shows the analysis. This is despite a positive sentiment prevailing in the capital markets during most part of 2014. Making things worse, many companies did not launch their offers after doing all the groundwork and obtaining the necessary approvals, while some companies even withdrew their offers after poor response.
SMC Global's Research Head Jagannadham Thunuguntla said the positive sentiment in the capital market since the start of the year has failed to revive the IPO market.
Snowman Logistics, an integrated temperature controlled logistics services provider, which came out with the public issue last month, raised Rs 197.40 crore.
Besides, Wonderla Holidays mopped-up Rs 181 crore through its initial share-sale programme in April.
Barring IPOs of Snowman Logistics and Wonderla Holidays, as many as 21 companies hit the SME platforms of NSE and BSE to garner about Rs 160 crore.
The pipeline of forthcoming IPOs also does not look impressive as of now, as only five companies -- Lavasa Corp, Adlabs Entertainment, GMR Energy, Sharda Cropchem and Monte Carlo Fashions -- have filed draft IPO papers with the market regulator Sebi so far in 2014.
Among these too, GMR Energy later withdrew its draft document.
Besides, many companies are holding back their plans to hit the market despite having received regulatory go-ahead.  These include Jyoti CNC Automation, Shemaroo Entertainment, Great Eastern Energy Corp, Inox Wind and NCML Industries. 
Additionally, companies like Emcure Pharma, Trimax IT Infra and Services and BSCPL Infrastructure have withdrawn their proposed initial public offers.
However, some market analysts believe that the current market scenario could be the right time for companies looking to mop-up funds via IPO.
Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services Head of Research Alex Mathew said: "Benchmark indices, the S&P BSE Sensex and the CNX Nifty, have been making new highs, confidence among institutional investors is back."
"This is the right time for companies, which are looking to tap the IPO market," Mathew said, adding that the "valuations should be attractive."
RELATED NEWS

PM Modi writes to Nawaz Sharif  offers help for flood victims in PoKUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday wrote to his Pakistan counterpart Nawaz Sharif offering assistance to victims of the devastation caused by the torrential rains and floods in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir (PoK).
Modi, who reviewed the flood situation in Jammu and Kashmir during his day-long visit on Sunday, said he was told that the damage to life and property was equally, if not more, severe in areas across the Line of Control (LoC).
"My heart goes out to the affected people and my deepest sympathies are with them and their families.
Modi said that he was told that the damage to life and property was equally, if not more, severe in areas across the LoC.
"In this hour of need, I offer any assistance that you may need in the relief efforts that will be undertaken by the Government of Pakistan. Our resources are at your disposal wherever you need them," said the letter which was delivered by the Indian High Commissioner in Islamabad.
Saying it a was "matter of great distress" Modi noted that the "devastation caused by the record rains and the consequent flooding is unprecedented", the External Affairs Ministry spokesperson said in New Delhi.
Modi said like in Jammu and Kashmir, the people in PoK region too were bearing losses due to the floods. This is a humanitarian work and India will never be behind in doing such work, he said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi writes to Pakistan PM, offers assistance in relief efforts in Pak-Occupied Kashmir
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has written to the Prime Minister of Pakistan, Mr. Nawaz Sharif, offering assistance in the flood relief effort in Pakistan-Occupied Kashmir.
"It is a matter of great distress that the retreating monsoon rains have played havoc in many parts of our two countries," the Prime Minister said in his letter, adding that "the devastation caused by the record rains and the consequent flooding is unprecedented."
"While reviewing the situation in Jammu and Kashmir, I was informed that the damage to life and property is equally, if not more, severe in areas across the Line of Control as well. My heart goes out to the affected people and my deepest sympathies are with them and their families. In this hour of need, I offer any assistance that you may need in the relief efforts that will be undertaken by the Government of Pakistan. Our resources are at your disposal wherever you need them," the Prime Minister wrote.

Nia-Malika HendersonDemocrat Wendy Davis has been accused of flip-flopping on the 20-week abortion ban.
Sep 6, 2014
Conservative women candidates, like former vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin, have actively talked about their choice not to have abortions, pro-choice Democratic women candidates have rarely talked about making a different decision.
Sep 6, 2014
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker (R) “has given women the back of his hand,” the Democratic National Committee chair said.
Sep 4, 2014
Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand recounts sexist exchanges with male colleagues, but doesn’t name names. Should she?
Sep 3, 2014
The former secretary of state and potential presidential hopeful finally spoke about the protests in St. Louis.
Aug 30, 2014
Dogged by progressives over her silence on Ferguson, Hillary Clinton finally spoke out. And what she said was bold and substantive.
Aug 29, 2014
Sharpton, out front on Ferguson and Obama’s wingman on race, wants to hear more from Hillary Clinton. Does this foreshadow 2016?
Aug 26, 2014
Warren draft group continues ‘full steam ahead,’ despite senator’s complaint
Progressives really do want Elizabeth Warren to run for president in 2016, but the senator from Massachusetts doesn’t want to, and she wants the group to stop representing itself as being related in any way such a campaign by her. They aren’t listening.
Aug 25, 2014
About 120 are hurt as early-morning shaking shatters wine glasses and gives Napa’s vital industry a scare.
Aug 24, 2014
The quake’s epicenter was in the Napa Valley, according to the USGS.
Aug 24, 2014
Load More
About
Nia-Malika Henderson is a national political reporter for The Washington Post, where she covers the White House and the 2012 campaign. Before joining The Post, Nia wrote about education, race and the White House for Politico. In 2008, she covered the presidential election and local government on Long Island for Newsday. She also worked at The Baltimore Sun where she covered city government in Annapolis. A regular guest on Fox, MSNBC, and CNN, Nia has an undergraduate degree in cultural anthropology from Duke University, and graduate degrees from Yale University in American studies and Columbia University in journalism.
Most Read

Fight Against ISIS Makes For Strange BedfellowsPrevious Story
Next Story
In Iraq, Fight Against Islamic State Has Produced Some Unlikely Facts On The Ground - The Washington Post
www.washingtonpost.com
reddit
Iraqi Shiite militia fighters wearing masks look on near Amerli on September 3, 2014, after pushing back Islamic State (IS) militants. Amerli was besieged when IS-led militants launched a major offensive in June, overrunning chunks of five Iraqi provinces and sweeping security forces aside, though security forces have now begun to claw back some ground. AFP PHOTO/ AHMAD AL-RUBAYE        (Photo credit should read AHMAD AL-RUBAYE/AFP/Getty Images)
www.washingtonpost.com:
The urgent fight to keep Islamic State forces­ from taking over more of Iraq has led the Obama administration to tolerate, and in some cases even approve, things it once would have loudly protested.

Govt to go ahead with key appointments without LoPGovt to go ahead with key appointments without LoP
PTI
Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan had rejected the Congress’ demand for LOP status for its nominee.
New Delhi, Sep 7:  
The Central Government has decided to go ahead with the appointments to various statutory bodies like the CVC, NHRC and Lokpal without a Leader of Opposition (LOP) in the Lok Sabha as a member of the selection committee choosing them.
The move comes following a recent reference from the Lok Sabha secretariat in this regard, official sources said.
The Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) had written to the Lok Sabha seeking information on the LOP. The secretariat has informed the DoPT that there is no recognised LOP in the Lok Sabha, the sources said, adding that the Government will go ahead with the appointments to various statutory bodies without the LOP.
Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan had rejected the Congress’ demand for LOP status for its nominee. The party, with 44 seats in the 543-member Lok Sabha, emerged as the second largest party after the BJP’s 282 but fell short by 11 to stake claim for the LOP, for which it requires a strength of 55.
There is no mandatory requirement of the LOP in the selection committee that recommends persons for Central Vigilance Commissioner (CVC), Vigilance Commissioner, chairpersons and members for the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) and Lokpal, the sources said.
The appointment of a CVC and Vigilance Commissioner is done by the President on the basis of recommendation from a three-member selection committee headed by the PM and comprising the Minister for Home Affairs and the Leader of Opposition in the House of the People, under the Central Vigilance Act 2003.
The Act further has a provision that when no such leader (LOP) has been recognised then the selection committee can include the leader of the single largest group in opposition in the Lok Sabha. “No appointment of a Central Vigilance Commissioner or a Vigilance Commissioner shall be invalid merely by reason of any vacancy in the Committee,” the Act says.
“No appointment of a chairperson or a member shall be invalid merely by reason of any vacancy of any member in the Committee,” it says.
Lokayuktas Act
Similarly, as per the Lokpal and Lokayuktas Act, 2013, “No appointment of a chairperson or a member shall be invalid merely by reason of any vacancy in the selection committee.”
However, the Government is now looking for ways to decide on the appointment of the Chief Information Commissioner and Information Commissioners in the Central Information Commission.
(This article was published on September 7, 2014)

100-days of PM Narendra Modi s rule has not benefitted people: G K VasanSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Samajwadi Party blames BJP for communal tension in Uttar PradeshSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Sesa Sterlite gets prospecting licence for laterite deposits in OrissaSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

A master stroke in using technologySouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Indian-American actor Devika Bhise: Small wonderSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Chinese companies out of bidding race for Bihar railway plantsSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Column: Clinical trials picking up belies state of industrySouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Upasi meet: Commodity planters await packageMahesh Kulkarni |  Coonoor (Tamil Nadu) Sep 07, 2014
Last Updated at 08:50 PM IST
Upasi meet: Commodity planters await package
About 500 planters and stakeholders from coffee, tea, rubber and spices have gathered for the meet, which begins today
Commodity planters of South India hope the Union commerce ministry would announce a package to implement the development scheme to boost productivity and drive growth.
About 500 planters and stakeholders from coffee, tea, rubber and spices assembled here for the 121st annual conference of United Planters’ Association of Southern India (Upasi) from Monday.
“Planters are looking forward to an early announcement of the development schemes as part of the 12th Five Year Plan, which will secure state funds and incentives for their implementation,” an official of the plantation sector’s representative body said.
The schemes include re-plantation, quality upgradation, value addition, skill development and mechanisation for higher yields, better returns and variety to boost exports, said R Sanjith, head of commodities, Upasi ahead of its annual conference.
Among other issues, the planters are specifically opposed to the Tea Board’s proposal of compulsory routing 70 per cent of the tea production through auctions. Already, south India sells 65 per cent of its tea in auctions, while north India sells less than 50 per cent.
Upasi had submitted its comments to the Tea Board on the amendments proposed to the Tea Act. Subsequently, the body had asked the Board to have detailed consultations with all the stakeholders before making amendments.
Accordingly, the Tea Board had organised a stakeholders meeting on the proposal to amend Tea Act, 1953, at Kochi on February 16, 2014.
The coffee planters are eagerly awaiting approval from the Expenditure Finance Committee for the 12th Plan proposals.
Rubber planters are seeking safeguards in the form of hike in import or anti-dumping duty to sustain their business in the face of rising production costs and wage increase. The rise in imports in the recent months has resulted in massive fall in the prices of rubber in the last three years.
The state-run commodity boards will announce schemes after the expenditure finance commission of the Union finance ministry approves the funds and incentives to be given to planters, mainly located in Karnataka, Kerala, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu.
Of the 1.7 million planters and 2.4 million workers involved in the plantation sector in the country, 76 per cent (1.3 million) of growers and 57 per cent (1.4 million) of labourers are spread across the southern states.
“Plantation commodities generated value worth Rs 43,871 crore in fiscal 2013-14, contributing 2.5 per cent to the national agricultural GDP while exports earned planters and other stakeholders Rs 10,181 crore, accounting for seven per cent of the total agricultural and allied goods’ exports,” Sanjith said.
 
Plantation crops are grown in south India spread over an area of 1.8 million hectares, which is 65 per cent of the total area and around two percent of the total cropped area in the country.
 
In terms of value, south India accounts for cent percent of spices, 97 per cent of coffee, 94.4 per cent of rubber and 16 per cent of tea, he said.
 
In terms of production too, south India accounts for 100 percent (59,795 tonnes) in spices, 97.4 percent (296,550 tonnes) in coffee, 94.4 percent (796,500 tonnes) in rubber and 20 percent (243,710 tonnes) in tea.
 Advertisements

Pvt TPAs have nothing to worry  say state-run non-life playersPress Trust of India |  Mumbai Sep 07, 2014
Last Updated at 12:25 PM IST
Pvt TPAs have nothing to worry, say state-run non-life players
Following the fair trade watchdog Competition Commission ordering a probe into the state-owned general insurers' health cover policies, the companies have allayed fears that the common third-party administrators (TPA) being formed by them will create any problem to the existing 70-odd TPAs
Following the fair trade watchdog Competition Commission ordering a probe into the state-owned general insurers' health cover policies, the companies have allayed fears that the common third-party administrators (TPA) being formed by them will create any problem to the existing 70-odd TPAs.
On Friday, the Competition Commission had ordered a probe against all the public sector general insurers, including the largest player New India Assurance, for alleged unfair business practices with regard to their third-party administrators after the TPA industry body made a complaint to them.
All the four state-owned general insurers--New India Assurance, Oriental Insurance, National Insurance and United India Insurance--are currently busy forming a common TPA among them. These four state-run general insurers control nearly 70% health insurance market which was worth Rs 15,000 crore as of March 2014. The mediclaim sector is annually growing at 15%.
"Yes, we have formed a common TPA of our own and we have already registered a company as Health Insurance TPA of India. It is likely to become fully operational by June 15, 2015 as we are currently under the process of creating an IT infrastructure for the same," an official of New India Assurance told PTI.
The proposed company has already floated request for quotes for creation of its IT platform and the bids for the same are likely to open next week. Also, the company has appointed a general manager rank official from GIC Re, P K Bhagat as the managing director.
"We have received some communication from the Competition Commission at the General Insurers (public sector) Association of India level, for which we have already sent our reply too," the official added.
The private sector TPA have complained that in case the common TPA comprising all the four general insurers comes into being, this might create a monopolistic situation in the market.
 Advertisements

Reform is the key to secular stagnationSeptember 7, 2014 7:09 pm
Bold reform is the only answer to secular stagnation
By Lawrence Summers
There may be supply-side barriers that hold the economy back before constraints on demand bind
The economy continues to operate way below any estimate of its potential made before the onset of financial crisis in 2007, with a shortfall of gross domestic product relative to previous trend in excess of $1.5tn, or $20,000 per family of four. As disturbing, the average growth rate of the economy of less than 2 per cent since that time has caused output to fall further and further below previous estimates of its potential.
The FT’s A-List
The A-List provides timely, insightful comment on the topics that matter, from globally renowned leaders, policy makers and commentators
Almost a year ago I invoked the concept of secular stagnation in response to the observation that five years after financial haemorrhaging had been staunched, the business cycle was cycling back to what had been previously thought of as normal levels of output.
Secular stagnation in my version, like that of Alvin Hansen, the economist who coined the term in the 1930s, has emphasised the difficulty of maintaining sufficient demand to permit normal levels of output.
But with a high propensity to save, a low propensity to invest and low inflation, this has been impossible. Nominal interest rates cannot fall below zero, as they would have to for real interest rates to be low enough to enable saving and investment to be equated with the economy producing at its full potential. Furthermore, even if potential output can be attained, it would require interest rates so low that they risk financial instability.
Given the factors operating to reduce natural interest rates – rising inequality, lower capital costs, slowing population growth, foreign reserve accumulation, and greater costs of financial intermediation – it seems unlikely that the American economy is capable of demanding 10 per cent more output than it does now, at interest rates consistent with financial stability. So demand-side secular stagnation remains an important economic problem.
More
Lawrence Summers on ‘House of Debt’
But, as the work of Robert J Gordon has shown, there may now be supply-side barriers that threaten to hold back the economy before constraints on the ability to create demand start to bind. Two ways of looking at the current situation point up the difficulty.
First, while I have emphasised that levels of GDP are far short of what pre-crisis trends would predict, the unemployment rate at 6.1 per cent (down from a 10 per cent peak) has reverted most of the way back to even relatively optimistic estimates of its normal level. In other words, even while economic growth performance has been very poor, it appears that demand has been advancing rapidly enough to substantially reduce slack in the labour market. Weak growth, along with substantial decreases in slack, suggests significant weakness in the growth of potential output.
To be fair, there is room to cavil about the unemployment rate as a measure of slack in the labour market. But the extent of apparent normalisation is even greater if one looks at measures of job openings and vacancies, new unemployment insurance claims, or the short-term unemployment rate.
Second, with Friday’s relatively weak employment statistics job growth has averaged 200,000 jobs a month over the past six months. If this continues, what would it imply for movements in the unemployment rate?
This depends on what happens to labour force participation, which has been trending downwards because of population ageing and long-term structural trends, even as the unemployment rate has declined sharply. Assume (optimistically, given recent trends) that the labour force participation rate for workers of a given age remains constant, and that the economy creates 200,000 jobs a month. The unemployment rate would then fall to about 4 per cent by the end of 2016.
While such a low unemployment rate is conceivable, it seems much more likely that employment growth would slow at some point, because of rising wage costs or policy actions, or because employers have difficulty finding workers. Then, the economy would be held back not by lack of demand but lack of supply potential.
Why has the economy’s supply potential declined so much relative to the pre-2007 trend? This will be debated in the years to come. Part of the answer lies in the damaging effect of past economic weakness on future potential. Part is the brutal demographics of an ageing population, the end of the trend towards increased women’s labour force participation, and the exhaustion of the gains from an increasingly educated workforce. And part is the apparent slowing of at least measured productivity.
To achieve growth of even 2 per cent over the next decade, active support for demand will be necessary but not sufficient. Structural reform is essential to increase the productivity of both workers and capital, and to increase growth in the number of people able and willing to work productively. Infrastructure investment, immigration reform, policies to promote family-friendly work, support for exploitation of energy resources, and business tax reform become ever more important policy imperatives.
The writer is Charles W Eliot university professor at Harvard and a former US Treasury secretary
Related Topics
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Mexico: things are looking goodSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

US tourist held in N Korea to go on trialSeptember 7, 2014 10:51 am
US tourist detained in North Korea to go on trial
By Simon Mundy in Seoul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/39610c50-366f-11e4-95d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

AirAsia / Rakuten  Nippon line© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/c27f55de-012a-11e4-b94d-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China seeks to work with US in AfricaAugust 5, 2014 6:31 pm
Beijing invites US to link up over Africa
By Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0eb59686-1cb8-11e4-b4c7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China changes tack on Africa investmentMay 18, 2014 2:59 pm
China changes tack on Africa with $2bn multilateral investment
By Javier Blas in Kigali
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d1bd7f3a-de84-11e3-b46b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kashmir flooding kills more than 150Last updated: September 7, 2014 5:29 pm
Kashmir flooding kills more than 150
By Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e5dc508a-364b-11e4-95d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Climate change to slash south Asian GDPAugust 19, 2014 7:43 am
Climate change to slash south Asian GDP, development bank warns
By Victor Mallet in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/88f4001a-2756-11e4-a46a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Weather experts lower El Nio forecastsJuly 29, 2014 10:16 am
Weather experts lower El Niño forecasts
By Emiko Terazono
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4d631b1e-16f6-11e4-8617-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Inside Alcatel-Lucent: the company that makes the web© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4e7d2682-33bd-11e4-ba62-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

An inside look at Alcatel-Lucent© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7811f99c-33c1-11e4-ba62-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Big jump in number of security threats to mobile devicesSeptember 4, 2014 11:59 pm
Big jump in number of security threats to mobile devices
By Daniel Thomas, Telecoms Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1617d352-3451-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Parsvnath plans to raise up to Rs 1 000 cr via debenturesSep 07, 2014, 12.34 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Parsvnath plans to raise up to Rs 1,000 cr via debentures
The company has called an Annual General Meeting on September 23 to seek shareholders' approval on a special resolution related to the private placement of Non-Convertible Debentures.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Parsvnath plans to raise up to Rs 1,000 cr via debentures
The company has called an Annual General Meeting on September 23 to seek shareholders' approval on a special resolution related to the private placement of Non-Convertible Debentures.
Post your opinion here
 
Realty firm  Parsvnath Developers plans to raise up to Rs 1,000 crore through private placement of non-convertible debentures and is also looking at selling non-core assets to reduce debt.
The company has called an Annual General Meeting on September 23 to seek shareholders' approval on a special resolution related to the private placement of Non-Convertible Debentures.
In the AGM notice, Parsvnath has sought the shareholders approval to offer or invite subscriptions for NCDs on a private placement basis, in one or more tranches, aggregating up to Rs 1,000 crore during the next one year.
"NCDs issued on private placement basis are a significant source of borrowings for the company," it added. The members' approval has also been sought to authorise
the company's board of directors to determine the terms and conditions of the issue of NCDs on private placement basis.
In the company's annual report, Parsvnath Developers Chairman Pradeep Jain told shareholders that the company has laid out a clear set of priorities for the next 12-24 months to improve profitability.
"The strategic focus is on assessing and evaluating our assets, business and markets, and accordingly sell non-core assets that are not aligned with our core business in terms of development potential. We are also working towards asset monetisation by raising long-term capital to reduce the debt," Jain said.
Parsvnath currently has a debt of about Rs 1,200 crore.
In June, the company had announced plans to either sell the land parcels worth Rs 1,000 crore in South and West India or form joint ventures with local builders for development.
Jain told shareholders that the company would streamline the organisational structure and costs.
"The group is also reviewing financing strategies to ensure optimal allocation and use of capital resources. Our renewed commitment to faster execution and timely delivery
will enable us to further improve operations and efficiency," he added.
Delhi-based Parsvnath Developers posted 61 per cent fall in consolidated net profit to Rs 6.14 crore for the quarter ended June as against Rs 15.55 crore in the year-ago period.
Total income from operations fell by 49 per cent to Rs 96.34 crore in the first quarter of this fiscal as against Rs 188.86 crore in the corresponding period of previous year.
Parsvnath stock price
On September 10, 2014, Parsvnath Developers closed at Rs 23.80, down Rs 0.1, or 0.42 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 37.90 and the 52-week low was Rs 22.25.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 0.29 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 82.07. The latest book value of the company is Rs 61.61 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.39.
RELATED NEWS

Morgan smashes England to thrilling T20 victorySep 07, 2014, 11.26 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Morgan smashes England to thrilling T20 victory
CRICKET-ENGLAND:Morgan smashes England to thrilling T20 victory
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Morgan smashes England to thrilling T20 victory
CRICKET-ENGLAND:Morgan smashes England to thrilling T20 victory
Post your opinion here
 
BIRMINGHAM England (Reuters) - Skipper Eoin Morgan found his form at the right time to lead England to a thrilling three-run victory over India in a one-off T20 international at Edgbaston on Sunday.
Morgan, who had scored only 198 runs in 10 one-day international innings since returning from injury in March, smashed 71 off 31 balls including seven sixes and three fours, as England posted a daunting 180 for seven wickets in their 20 overs.
In reply, another batsman out of sorts this summer - Virat Kohli - led the India charge but his 66 off 41 balls and 27 off 18 by India captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni at the death could not clinch victory for India who finished on 177 for five.
Ajinkya Rahane took a T20 record-equalling four catches, including a stunning running, diving effort to dismiss Alex Hales (40) but India's bowling took a battering late on, conceding 81 runs off the last five overs as Morgan and Ravi Bopara ran riot.
Bopara added 21 off 9 balls with three fours and a six while Mohammed Shami was the pick of the Indian attack, taking three for 38.
England smashed 17 runs off the first over with 24-year-old debutant Jason Roy and Hales starting aggressively. But South Africa-born Roy was first to go for eight, chipping to Rahane at cover off Shami.
Two balls later Moeen Ali fell for a duck - caught again by Rahane off Mohit Sharma - then Hales and Joe Root steadied the ship, putting on 48 before Hales fell.
Root, a century-maker in the final one-day international between the sides, was well caught by Ambati Rayudu for 26 as  Morgan led the final onslaught.
India's reply got off to a poor start, Rahane lasting four balls, bowled by Ali, before Kohli and Shikhar Dhawan led the India charge.
Kohli and Dharwan put on 79 in nine overs before Chris Woakes bowled Dharwan.
Kohli survived a difficult catch to Harry Gurney when on 65 but fell one run later, tucked up by Steve Finn and caught in the deep by Hales.
India were always up with the scoring rate but a mix-up between Dhoni and Ravindra Jadaja seemed to have ended their hopes before Dhoni set about Woakes in the final over with India still 17 runs short.
Dhoni smashed 12 off the first four balls before Woakes managed to subdue the India skipper and Englnd scraped home before a packed crowd.
(Reporting By Tony Goodson; editing by Justin Palmer)
ADS BY GOOGLE

Arabs vow to confront Islamic State  cooperate with international effortsSep 07, 2014, 11.16 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Arabs vow to confront Islamic State, cooperate with international efforts
IRAQ-CRISIS-ARABS:Arabs vow to confront Islamic State, cooperate with international efforts
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Arabs vow to confront Islamic State, cooperate with international efforts
IRAQ-CRISIS-ARABS:Arabs vow to confront Islamic State, cooperate with international efforts
Post your opinion here
 
By Lin Noueihed and Omar Fahmy
CAIRO (Reuters) - Arab League foreign ministers agreed on Sunday to take all necessary measures to confront Islamic State and cooperate with international, regional and national efforts to combat militants who have overrun swathes of Iraq and Syria.
The Arab League also endorsed in the closing statement of its meeting in Cairo a UN Security Council resolution passed last month calling on member states to "act to suppress the flow of foreign fighters, financing and other support to Islamist extremist groups in Iraq and Syria".
Baghdad had earlier submitted a draft resolution endorsing its own efforts to confront militants who have seized large areas for a cross-border caliphate and to condemn Islamic State's actions as war crimes and crimes against humanity.
Diplomatic sources said before the meeting that Arab foreign ministers were set to endorse a U.S. aerial campaign against the group and Egypt's official Mena news agency said the ministers would agree to coordinate with the United States.
The final text did not directly endorse either the Iraqi or U.S. campaign against Islamic State, but diplomatic sources said the wording clearly offered Arab cooperation to U.S. and Iraqi efforts and could be read as a tacit agreement to back Washington's campaign against the group.
At the opening session, several foreign ministers spoke of the gravity of the challenge posed by Islamic State in Iraq as well as the violence that has engulfed Libya and other regions.
Arab League chief Nabil al-Arabi told the session that the rise of the group in Iraq challenged not merely the authority of the state but "its very existence and the existence of other states" and called for a decisive resolution to confront terrorism militarily, politically, economically and culturally.
Arabi suggested that military action could take place under the umbrella of an Arab League joint defence pact.
It was not clear whether the Arab commitment to take all necessary action against Islamic State and other militant groups would include direct military involvement in Iraq or Syria.
President Barack Obama declared last week that the United States was ready to "take out" leaders of Islamic State, and said NATO allies were prepared to join military action against a movement that he labelled a major threat to the West.
U.S. warplanes carried out four strikes against Islamic State militants threatening western Iraq's Haditha Dam early on Sunday, witnesses and senior officials said, broadening Washington's campaign against the fighters.
Obama would like Gulf Arab states to consider military action, but also to support Sunni Muslim moderates in Iraq and Syria who could undermine the appeal of Islamic State. He also wants Islamic State's sources of funding cut off, a point on which the closing statement touched.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is to travel to Saudi Arabia and Jordan in the coming week for talks with Gulf leaders to determine whether they are prepared to back up their anti-jihadist rhetoric with action.
In a change of position, the Arab League statement also called for Syrian opposition groups to hold talks with the state aimed at creating a reconciliation government.
As the Syrian conflict has dragged on and Islamic militants have taken the upper hand, early Arab League support for opponents of Bashar al-Assad has given way to a more cautious tone.
(Editing by Rosalind Russell)

Preview: Nishikori  Cilic seek glory in unlikely finalSep 07, 2014, 11.12 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Preview: Nishikori, Cilic seek glory in unlikely final
TENNIS-OPEN:Preview: Nishikori, Cilic seek glory in unlikely final
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Preview: Nishikori, Cilic seek glory in unlikely final
TENNIS-OPEN:Preview: Nishikori, Cilic seek glory in unlikely final
Post your opinion here
 
By Simon Cambers
NEW YORK (Reuters) - History, redemption and glory will be on the line when Japan’s Kei Nishikori and Croatia’s Marin Cilic battle for the U.S. Open men's title on Monday.
It will be the first time since the Australian Open final in 2005 that a men's grand slam final will not feature at least one of tennis's top three - Novak Djokovic, Rafa Nadal and Roger Federer.
Tenth seed Nishikori is the first Asian man to reach a grand slam singles final while Cilic is into his first final, less than 12 months after returning from a four-month suspension for what he said was inadvertently taking a banned supplement.
Before this year’s U.S. Open, Nishikori and Cilic boasted just one grand slam semi-final appearance between them, the Croat having made it to the last four at the Australian Open in 2010.
Nishikori leads their head-to-head meetings 5-2, including both their meetings this year, in Brisbane and Barcelona, while they split their two previous U.S. Open clashes.
But having beaten Djokovic and Federer respectively to reach their first grand slam final, they will be desperate to take chances on Monday.
“I hope there will be a lot of people watching (in Japan),” said Nishikori, who also beat third seed Stan Wawrinka and fifth seed Milos Raonic.
“I am a little bit surprised to make the final but am very happy to make another (piece) of history, the first time an Asian man is in the final. I hope I can win and make (more) history.”
Coached by former grand slam champion Michael Chang, Nishikori has added steel and physical strength to a game that always possessed flair but lacked endurance.
“He’s been really helpful,” Nishikori said. “He's been helping me a lot from the end of last year, (especially) mentally.
“I feel my tennis is changing (to be a) little more aggressive and playing with more confidence. He's tough, but I needed someone to push me.”
Cilic, whose victory over Federer in the semi-finals was described by his coach, Goran Ivanisevic, as “perfection”, is aiming for glory, 11 months after returning from a drugs ban that left him questioning his future.
Originally banned for nine months, Cilic’s suspension was cut to four months on appeal and the 25-year-old always maintained that he had taken the banned substance without knowing, through a tainted supplement.
The road back to the top was hard but with the help of former Wimbledon champion Ivanisevic, he has emerged a more aggressive player, using his serve and groundstrokes to stunning effect.
“For the guys that are top, (reaching the final) feels normal,” he said. “But for some guys that are making it for the first time it's the achievement of their career.
“When I'm playing now these bigger matches I feel like if I'm going to play well I have a good chance.
“That's a different mind-set than I used to have because before I felt that I should (try to do) more than I'm able to and then your game breaks.”
Cilic said he was looking forward to one more great battle with Nishikori.
“It’s going to be a special day for both of us, an opportunity for both of us to win a grand slam, to be a part of history,” he said.
“There are going to be definitely huge emotions on the court. We have different game styles. I think it's going to be a good tactical match-up.”
(Editing by Gene Cherry)

PEs cash out in bull marketSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Srinagar goes under  J-K floods toll rises to 150; PM Narendra Modi offers Rs. 1 000 crore reliefFloods and landslides triggered by a week of heavy rain continued to batter Jammu and Kashmir Sunday. Death toll climbed to 150 as homes, hospitals and a military base were inundated in the capital Srinagar overnight.
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who flew over the flooded areas, announced a grant of Rs. 1,000 crore and said the crisis was “a national level disaster”. “I want to tell people of the region that we will do everything possible to get them out of this disaster,” he said.
 
The state’s worst flooding in 60 years has submerged villages, ruined crops, snapped communication links and left thousands homeless.
 
Armed forces stepped up rescue Sunday. The air force pressed more planes and choppers into service. So far, 12,500 people have been taken to safety by the army.
  
Play Pause
A soldier carries a toddler as evacuated families alight from an Indian Air Force Mi-17 helicopter flying a rescue sortie in the Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir. (AFP Photo)
Tourists who were rescued by the army from the flooded areas wait to be transported to Jammu at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Men remove debris of their house that was damaged in floods on the banks of the Tawi River in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A villager salvages belongings in his flood-devastated home in Poonch, some 240 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
A lady along with her child salvages usable items from her destroyed house after flash floods hit Majheen village about 20 km from Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Laborers carry relief material for flood-affected victims in Poonch, around 276 kilometers (166 miles) from Jammu. (AP Photo)
Indian army soldiers load onto a helicopter relief material for flood victims at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
An aerial view of a flood affected Pargwal village along River Chenab, in Jammu.(Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
Helicopters carrying out rescue, relief & evacuation of people marooned during the flood fury in Jammu and Kashmir. (Photo by IAF)
Indian villagers look on at a missing section of a bridge across the overflowing Tawi river that was swept away as flooding continues in the Mandal area of Jammu. (AFP ...
People look at a bridge across the Tawi River that was damaged in the floods at Mandal village on the outskirts of Jammu.(AP Photo)
Indian residents look on towards threatened houses as waters from the overflowing Tawi river rage past in Jammu. (AFP Photo)
Trucks stands stranded due to heavy rain fall in Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Onlookers stand on the debris of a house that was damaged by floodwaters on the banks of the river Tawi after heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Indian villagers look across the Chenab river at a half-submerged temple and homes at Akhnoor, some 30 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
People ride their vehicles in a bridge across a river flooded following monsoon rains in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A view of residential areas adjoining Tawi river during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
An army jawan alerts people over rising water level as heavy rains continue to lash Jammu on Friday. (PTI Photo)
A man holding umbrella looks on as Tawi river rages dangerously during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
Water from the overflowing river Tawi floods a temple of Lord Ganesh, the deity of prosperity, during heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)

New bill to regulate television  internet  mobile services soonNew bill to regulate TV, Net, mobile services soon
Chetan Chauhan , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 08, 2014
First Published: 00:35 IST(8/9/2014) | Last Updated: 08:40 IST(8/9/2014)
Comments
A super-regulator for telecom, television and internet could soon become a reality with the NDA government deciding to revive the Communications Convergence Bill that was dumped by the previous UPA government.
The telecom ministry, headed by Ravi Shankar Prasad, has firmed up a proposal for setting up the cross sector regulator — the Communications Commission — having overriding powers to oversee entire communication framework, including those under the information and broadcasting ministry.
The last NDA government, headed by Atal Bihari Vajpayee, had introduced the Communication Convergence Bill in Lok Sabha in 2001.
The government then took almost two years to convince information and broadcasting ministry about importance of the proposed law and by that time its term got over and the bill lapsed. The UPA government in its ten years did not pursue the bill.
Government sources said Prasad is keen to push the bill after getting Parliamentary nod for National Judicial Appointments Commission. In an interview to DD news, Prasad confirmed that the bill was being considered.
However, the officials said that the broad contours of the bill have been firmed with the commission having seven members including the chairperson and an appellate authority. Each member would be a domain expert on areas such as telecom, broadcasting, information technology, law and consumer affairs and finance.
The commission will have well defined powers and procedures for regulatory and licensing functions. It will not regulate in areas where market competition can provide desired results, an official said, adding that its main function would be to stimulate completion for better services and preventing monopolistic operations. 
The telecom department has proposed mandatory sharing of infrastructure for universal access in unserved and undeserved areas and for public safety. The bill may also make it mandatory for the companies to create infrastructure in strategically important areas.

California GOP Candidate Requests Guests Dress In  Hobo Attire  For FundraiserCalifornia GOP Candidate Requests Guests Dress In 'Hobo Attire' For Fundraiser
Posted:
reddit
Lynn Compton, a California GOP candidate for a supervisor seat in San Luis Obispo County, is hosting a "hobo stew" fundraiser in October, according to the invitation on her campaign website.
Though recipes for hobo stew do indeed exist, the invitation also requests that guests dress in "hobo attire":
The campaign of Caren Ray (D), an incumbent supervisor and Compton's opponent, blasted the fundraiser.
“Are you appalled, offended and outraged by this disgusting lack of compassion for a segment of our county’s population which Lynn Compton is supposedly campaigning to represent,” Ray campaign treasurer Kathie Matsuyama emailed supporters, according to Cal Coast News .
A 2013 U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development report found that San Luis Obispo County is No. 3 in the country in terms of the "highest percent of homeless [people] who sleep unsheltered," Cal Coast News reported.  The number of homeless people in San Luis Obispo County has risen slightly since 2011.
The fundraiser organizer, Shannon Kessler, emailed a statement from Compton.
"Many similar events have been held at the Depot and in the community of Oceano over the years, many have been hosted by the Oceano Elks Club," it said. "This is a fun event and some guests will dress in overalls and bring knapsacks on a stick. Some of the proceeds will benefit the Oceano Depot which is a non-profit organization.
"This is an historical railroad event and has no bearing whatsoever on the current plight of the homeless in San Luis Obispo County or in the United States. This is a fun event being held in a railroad car in a train depot around Halloween and my opponent should lighten up."
One of Compton's most notable endorsers is U.S. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.).
Also on HuffPost:
Haunting Photos Of Vets On The Street Underscores Homelessness Issue
of

Jammu: Dvision Commissioner assures the flood situation is improvingWatch: Former MP Saifuddin Soz heckled by flood victims in Srinagar
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Nature s fury in Jammu leaves thousands homelessWatch: Former MP Saifuddin Soz heckled by flood victims in Srinagar
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Western disturbances are causing heavy rains in J&K  says Met DirectorWatch: Former MP Saifuddin Soz heckled by flood victims in Srinagar
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Digital India drive: Govt to appoint CIOs in ministriesDigital India drive: Govt to appoint CIOs in ministries
Silicon Valley-based fund Accel Partners showcases 6 startups to InfosysAccel Partners
(The discussions were led…)
BANGALORE: Accel Partners snatched an opportunity to impress cash-rich Infosys when the Silicon Valley-based venture capital fund pitched at least two portfolio companies to the Bangalore-based outsourcer, according to two people with direct knowledge of the development.
Accel Partners, which counts Facebook and Flipkart among its portfolio firms, showcased six startups, including CrowdAnalytix and Paxata, before the senior management of Infosys, which is closing in to make its first investment from the $100-million (Rs 602-crore) fund dedicated to invest in disruptive startups. ET could not independently verify the names of the four other startups discussed with Infosys.
Infosys has been lagging its peers in growth but has over $5 billion (Rs 30,000 crore) surplus cash on its books. Although Sikka has had discussions with other VCs in August, Accel for now remains the only venture capitalist which has made a pitch to the country's second-largest software exporter, said a person familiar with the development.
The discussions were led by Infosys Chief Executive Vishal Sikka and Accel Partners' Dinesh Katiyar, who has known Sikka since the time both were at Stanford in the mid-90s. Katiyar confirmed to ET that he had met Sikka and senior ranks of Infosys but declined to share details. Another executive familiar with the development said Infosys' management until now has not started discussions with any of the startups.
"It's too early to say how much stake the company (Infosys) will pick in the startups," said the executive, adding that Infosys could make an investment in only one startup for now.It is not clear yet if Infosys' management has come to a decision but the executives said that since Accel is an investor in both the data-focused startups, the company may wait until the last round of discussions before it begins talks with the startups.
"Vishal (Sikka) and other senior executives have met with venture capital firms to explore potential partnerships with companies in their portfolio," said a spokeswoman for Infosys in an email response. "We are encouraged with the interest that the innovation ecosystem has shown. We cannot comment on specific companies at this time."
An email sent to Accel Partners remained unanswered. Both CrowdAnalytix and Paxata declined comment. Infosys' desire to look at data-focused startups mirrors the strategy being adopted by homegrown IT outsourcers, including Wipro, which are looking to pick up a small equity in a startup and then take the technology platform to clients.
Bangalore-based Wipro has already picked up over 14 per cent stake in New Jersey-based data analytics firm Opera Solutions. Globally too, Intel, Cisco and Dell have dedicated corporate ventures for investing in startups and mature ideas that are disruptive.
"It makes sense for IT service companies to invest in startups because they are not merely making a financial investment but are also backing the technology which they believe has the future," said Sid Pai, Asia-Pacific president at outsourcing advisory ISG.
Last month, Infosys' Chief Operating Officer UB Pravin Rao told investors the company is looking to integrate some of the technology platforms with its own offerings as it evaluates startups.
  "A couple of weeks back we had one of the large VCs showcase 6 or 7 startups, so we have started the evaluation process," Rao said at the Motilal Oswal investor conference in Mumbai on August 26.
Sunnyvale, California-based CrowdAnalytix is a cloud-based, crowd-sourced startup that uses public sources of data to support analytic requirements of enterprises. It was founded in 2011 by Divyabh Mishra and claims to have a revenue run rate of $1 million (Rs 6 crore). Paxata, founded in January 2012 in Redwood City, California, provides enterprises with self-service data preparation software that does not require coding.
Prakash Nanduri is the only Indian among the four co-founders. The startup has raised $10 million (.`60 crore) until now, of which Accel has made an $8 million (Rs 48 crore) bet.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hoping to buy time  Cong for a BJP govt in DelhiHoping to buy time, Cong for a BJP govt in Delhi?
Aurangzeb Naqshbandi  New Delhi, September 08, 2014
First Published: 00:38 IST(8/9/2014) | Last Updated: 14:40 IST(8/9/2014)
Comments
The Congress appears to be in favour of a BJP government in Delhi as it believes this would help it regroup and revive and also shrink the political space occupied by the Aam Aadmi Party — though it isn’t saying so publicly.
 
The grand old party — voted out of the Capital after 15 years in power — isn’t prepared for fresh elections, having lost a massive chunk of its vote bank to the Arvind Kejriwal-led AAP in last year’s assembly polls and this summer’s general elections. And AAP still remains a formidable force.
The thinking in the party is that if fresh elections were to be held now, there is a good chance that its numbers will be further reduced from the present eight in the 70-member assembly.
At this juncture, the best case scenario for the Congress is for the BJP to form the government — at least for some time — and buy it some time to regroup. “And in the next few years, anti-incumbency would set in against the BJP both at the Centre and the state and eventually help us regain power,” a senior Congress leader told HT on condition of anonymity.
The single largest party in Delhi with 28 MLAs, the BJP is currently preparing to form the government and is expecting an invitation from the lieutenant governor any time. The party also swept all seven Lok Sabha seats in the general elections while AAP pushed the Congress to the third spot.
Moreover, Congress sources said, delayed polls would be disadvantageous to AAP, looking to redeem itself after its decision to quit government after 49 days in power backfired. According to a Congress strategist, it would be difficult for AAP to stay relevant for another three to four years.
This explains the Congress’ ambivalent stand on the dissolution of the Delhi assembly.
 
In the Supreme Court, which is hearing the matter on a petition filed by AAP, it has opposed the move, maintaining that there is still the possibility of government formation. Outside, it has remained non-committal but also attacked the BJP for its attempts to form the government. “It shows the BJP is afraid to face the people. They have been trying to poach Congress MLAs but failed,” general secretary Shakeel Ahmad said.

Core demand sees more trucks on roadSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Sebi staff mull forming associationJayshree P Upadhyay & Joydeep Ghosh |  Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 12:42 AM IST
Sebi staff mull forming association
Stunned by the Central Bureau of India (CBI)'s first information report (FIR) against three of their colleagues, employees at the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) are considering setting up an association. The objective of the proposed union will be to protect the rights of the staffers, most of whom work on cases involving large corporates. The tasks and responsibilities of Sebi officials have undergone a change with the new powers the regulators have gained. In recent times, Sebi
Stunned by the Central Bureau of India (CBI)'s first information report (FIR) against three of their colleagues, employees at the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) are considering setting up an association. The objective of the proposed union will be to protect the rights of the staffers, most of whom work on cases involving large corporates. The tasks and responsibilities of Sebi officials have undergone a change with the new powers the regulators have gained. In recent times, Sebi officials have drawn ire while cracking down on Ponzi investment schemes in several parts of the country.
Investment companies under focus
In the past few days, investment companies of two Pune-based groups are under focus. The share price of Kirloskar Brothers Investments is up almost Rs 1,000 - from Rs 1,600 to Rs 2,559 - in one week. Kalyani Investments Company - which has a varied investment portfolio consisting of both listed and unlisted companies in diversified sectors such as forging, steel, power generation and chemicals - is also up 35 per cent during the week. Market sources said both these companies are looking to increase the shareholding value of their investment companies. Kirloskar Brothers has already started the process by merging the holding company, Kirloskar Oil Engines and a new company called Pneumatic Holdings Company, which will increase the shareholders' value. Market players say Kalyani may also have similar plans to merge companies
MF sacks employees for misusing IAP funds
A leading fund house has sacked several employees in the past couple of months for misusing the funds earmarked for Investor Awareness Programme (IAP). Industry sources say many employees of the fund house have been misusing the monies meant for this programme by producing false bills of non-existent programmes. Sources said that these employees were also found to be promoting their own schemes in the IAP, violating the market regulator's diktat. When the fund house was informed of this by internal whistle-blowers, they asked a number of employees to resign while smaller offenders were handed out exemplary punishment that included monetary cuts as well as transfer in job posting.
 Advertisements

The US recovery looks sustainable this timeAbout Gavyn
Blog guide
Welcome. If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read FT blogs. However, our posts remain free.
A blog on macroeconomics, economic policymaking and the financial markets. Gavyn usually writes about a key topic of the week on Sunday.
Follow Gavyn Davies on the A-List .
Follow @gavyndavies
Gavyn Davies is a macroeconomist who is now chairman of Fulcrum Asset Management and co-founder of Prisma Capital Partners. He was the head of the global economics department at Goldman Sachs from 1987-2001, and was chairman of the BBC from 2001-2004.
He has also served as an economic policy adviser in No 10 Downing Street, an external adviser to the British Treasury, and as a visiting professor at the London School of Economics.
Gavyn Davies is an active investor and may have financial interests and holdings in any of the topics about which he writes. The views expressed are solely those of Mr Davies and in no way reflect the views of Prisma Capital Partners LP, Fulcrum Asset Management LLP, their respective affiliates or representatives. This material is not intended to provide, and should not be relied upon for, investment advice or recommendations. Readers are urged to seek professional advice before making any investments.
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Editorial Comment: the rise of SilvaSeptember 7, 2014 6:36 pm
Outsider Marina Silva in Brazil’s election rallies to the fore
Silva and her party’s rise reflects a deep desire for change
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c1b1365e-350a-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

N Korea parades US prisoners on CNNSeptember 2, 2014 11:41 am
North Korea parades American prisoners for US TV
By Simon Mundy in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/31327c62-3282-11e4-a5a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Burgers and BMWs show change in N KoreaSeptember 1, 2014 8:34 am
Burgers and BMWs highlight rise of North Korea’s private economy
By Simon Mundy in Pyongyang
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0aec028e-3184-11e4-b2fd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

House-Sized Asteroid Sails Past EarthAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Sport boycotts score own-goals© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a7f1f7ae-34f0-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Putin and Poroshenko weigh ceasefireSeptember 3, 2014 6:40 pm
Putin and Poroshenko weigh ceasefire and prospect of ‘frozen conflict’
By Roman Olearchyk in Mariupol, Jack Farchy in Moscow and Neil Buckley in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/828004a6-3389-11e4-ba62-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IMF warns Ukraine on cost of crisisLast updated: September 2, 2014 8:05 pm
Ukraine crisis hits economy and could require bigger loan, says IMF
By Neil Buckley, East Europe Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/51a7c518-32b1-11e4-a5a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

GMR Venture to upgrade airport in PhilippinesGMR Venture to upgrade airport in Philippines
OPGC halts 420 Mw power plant due to technical glitchOPGC halts 420 Mw power plant due to technical glitch
Indian bank branches in UK face closure heatIndian bank branches in UK face closure heat
Wilful defaulters and the Companies Act  2013Wilful defaulters and the Companies Act  2013
Telecom department may offer 4G spectrum in next auctionsTelecom department may offer 4G spectrum in next auctions
Sonia Gandhi: The most credible Congress chehra | Rahul aims to tighten grip on party(And yet, without a member…)
By: Neerja Chowdhury
That Congressmen should be at war with each other, when the party is down to a measly 44 Lok Sabha seats, may sound incredible. It is not as if the youth brigade and the old guard are fighting over spoils. The kitty is empty. But that is what happens when a party's fortunes slump. When the leadership gets weakened, knives get unsheathed.
The jibes by members of the Congress' old guard—Janardhan Dwivedi and Digvijaya Singh—may be an expression of the angst many senior leaders feel about being left out of the "new dispensation" being put in place by Rahul Gandhi. It may also be a preemptive strike, either to be included in the reconstituted team (whenever it takes place) or to say that they were excluded because they spoke up.
Dwivedi exhorted the Congress' youth brigade not to go public on issues, but it is he who first went public on the need to revisit "job reservations" before the LS polls, or for the over-70s to withdraw from active politics.
Madhusudan Mistry—an old guard, but in the Rahul team—had a point when he asked why the seniors did not express their views to the High Command earlier. They were after all a part of the decisionmaking process. But it is also a fact that senior leaders did not have ready access to Rahul. As for the "retaliation" by 14 secretaries of Team Rahul, it only accentuated the divide in the party.
The war in Congress is not about issues; it is about attacking, or defending, Rahul.
Some of Rahul's travails have stemmed from his diffidence to lead the party from the front. He may have chafed against the existing Congress culture, he may have wanted to bring changes in the party's functioning, but instead of taking charge of the main Congress organisation—that is the only to wield authority in a party like the Congress built on an edifice of power and patronage—for many years, he tinkered with the functioning of the NSUI and Youth Congress. Had Rahul spoken in Parliament during the last ten years on a host of issues—as the younger Congress spokespersons appointed by him are doing, mobilising facts, arguments,viewpoints to counter the opponent— he might not have been so hesitant today.
While the transition of leadership has clearly taken place inside the BJP, from the Vajpayee-Advani era to one headed by Narendra Modi, the process remains unfinished in the Congress. Rahul is in charge of the party for all practical purposes, and yet not in charge.
Many believe the Congress story might have panned out differently had Rahul joined the government in 2011-12— Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan has said as much—and maybe taken over the reins of government. (Dr Manmohan Singh could have moved to Rashtrapati Bhavan.) This might have had its own impact on the 2012 UP elections, with politics taking a different trajectory. But that, now, is history.
And yet, without a member of the Gandhi family to lead it, the Congress is likely to split into several factions, and that is the hard reality today.
It is not the party's defeat which bothers many Congressmen and women today. It is the absence of someone to lead from the front, who inspires confidence in the rank and file. The Congress was mauled in 1977 but there was an Indira Gandhi to fight back and she had turned around the situation within a year and was back in power in less than three years.
With Rahul not having clicked, and Priyanka having said a "no" to any position in the party, the ball is back in the court of Sonia Gandhi who had hoped to take a back step in 2014. Though her health is not what it used to be, she has reactivated herself, and is meeting a large number of party persons to get their ideas on how to move forward. It is a paradox in some ways that of all the Congress "chehras", the most credible one today belongs to the "foreignorigin" bahu of the Nehru-Gandhi clan.
 
In 1998, Sonia came out of the shadows to prevent the party from splintering, and kept the Congress unified over the last sixteen years. It is an irony that she should once again be called to play that role in 2014, but in much more trying circumstances, particularly with many Congressmen moving away to greener pastures.
Also 2014 is not 1977, when a motley group of Janata leaders at war with each other was easier to fell. Today there is a Narendra Modi at the head of government, endowed with a legitimacy, of a BJP in a majority.
As a start, Sonia will have to bridge this youth-versus-age divide in the party. Rahul may want his own team in place, but even strongman Modi has had to share power, giving prime positions to Rajnath Singh and Sushma Swaraj.
Sonia may have to decentralise power to rebuild the organisation. To hold genuine CWC elections. To give an autonomy of functioning to state satraps, so that a new leadership evolves.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Uber in talks to integrate digital wallet in...Uber in talks with firms to integrate digital wallet in India
Radhika P Nair & Aditi Shrivastava, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
cab service
(Uber is in talks with firms…)
BANGALORE: Global taxi-hailing company Uber is in talks with firms providing digital wallets and payment gateways in India as it looks to become compliant with local regulations.
The Reserve Bank of India shut a loophole last month by clarifying that online payments taking place between two Indian 'residents' cannot bypass two-factor authentication. Besides the additional authentication, the central bank also wanted transactions to be carried out in Indian rupees and not dollars.
Uber stores credit card details of passengers and automatically charges the card once the taxi ride is over without two-factor authentication as it uses an international payment gateway. Companies such as Uber now have until October 31 to become compliant.
"They are working on integrating a mobile wallet into their application," said a person with direct knowledge of the discussions. "It will most likely be Paytm. The integration will take some time as it has to go through the Uber process." Paytm and Uber, when contacted, declined to speak on this matter.
Mobile internet services company One97 Communications, founded by 34-year-old Vijay Shekhar Sharma in 2010, launched the Paytm mobile wallet in February. Last year it received a licence to launch a semi-closed wallet, where users can digitally store cash for mobile and online transactions but cannot withdraw money.
Paytm has 12 million mobile wallet users. Uber, which launched India operations last year, will also most likely partner with payment gateway PayU, owned by South African internet giant Naspers, said two people with direct knowledge of the discussions.
PayU is run by Nitin Gupta, 31, a graduate of IIM Ahmadabad and former investment banker at Lehman Brothers. Its customers include Snapdeal, Jabong, Bookmyshow, BigBasket and Groupon India. The company declined to comment. While these partnerships will help Uber become compliant, it could open up a lot of other issues, said experts.
"Consumers do not like keeping significant amounts with wallet service providers. That will be a challenge," said Rahul Chowdhri, partner at Helion Venture Partners.
Helion is an investor in taxi aggregator TaxiFor-Sure , which has introduced electronic card swipe machines in the taxis on its network. While RBI allows users to store up to Rs 50,000 in semi-closed wallets, about 50 per cent of all telecom wallet users keep less than Rs 50 in their accounts, according to industry estimates. Bad internet connectivity in India is another issue.
"The one-click smooth seamless payment offering of Uber will vanish," said Alok Mehta, director at payment processing firm Atom Technologies. He said the biggest challenge will be the customer getting the onetime PIN required for the two-factor authentication, quickly.
"Ecommerce companies, unlike Uber, first take the payment and then deliver the service or goods. A passenger is not going to wait for more than two minutes to authenticate payment and would rather pay in cash and move on."
Goldman Sachs and Google Ventures backed Uber has been facing a backlash from local taxi operators and regulators in many countries including Germany, Singapore and lately India. In August, Indian radio taxi providers, including Meru Cab, Easy Cabs and Mega Cab, filed a complaint with the RBI alleging foreign exchange violations by the American firm.
But the company has so far powered ahead with its expansion — launching in four cities in India simultaneously last month. It now operates in 10 cities in the country, making India its largest market outside the US.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bulls back in action: IPO mkt shows revival signsGrey IPO market shows signs of revival with Sensex scaling new peaks
Rajesh Mascarenhas, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 08.47AM IST
Tags:
Adlabs Imagica
(Snowman Logistics, yet…)
MUMBAI: After being in the doldrums for two years, the grey market for initial public offers (IPOs) is showing signs of revival with the Sensex scaling new peaks and the prospect for the primary market also looking encouraging. What's added to the general euphoria is the overwhelming response to the recent IPO of Snowman Logistics, triggering a revival in grey market premiums.
Snowman Logistics, yet to be listed, is currently trading at Rs 20, or a premium of 43 per cent, to the higher end of the price band of Rs 47, while Sharda Crop Care, whose issue opened on September 5, is trading at a premium of about Rs 64, or 41 per cent, to the upper end of the price band of Rs 156, according to people familiar with the development.
With equity offerings like Shemaroo Entertainment , Lavasa Corporation , Monte Carlo Fashion and Adlabs Imagica on the cards, the focus is firmly on the Snowman listing later this week.
"To sustain the revival of the grey market, the Snowman Logistics issue, which was subscribed almost 60 times last month, has to be listed at a premium of over 43 per cent, which is the grey market premium as of now," said Arun Kejriwal, CEO, KRIS , an investment advisory firm.
The IPO grey market is an unofficial market where investors can spread bets ahead of listing on the bourses. If the shares list at a premium to the offer price, a participant in the grey market makes profit. Chances of loss are rare as the grey market demand determines investor's interest in most small and midsized issues.
The grey market went through a dull phase in the last two years due to limited opportunities. While in 2013, there were only three IPOs which raised just about Rs 1,284 crore, only two companies have raised Rs 379 crore so far this year despite a sharp rally in the secondary market.
Non-banking finance companies of big brokerage houses are aggressively extending margin funding to high net worth individuals (HNIs) for the IPOs with an interest rate of around 10 per cent annually for 9-10 days. IPOs generally get listed within 12 days from the closing date of an issue and, hence, returns are calculated on this period.
Normally, HNIs bid aggressively for an IPO based on the grey market price. In the case of Snowman Logistics, the HNI portion was subscribed 222 times as the grey market premium was about 43 per cent.
Surprisingly, for the Snowman issue, the grey market transaction took place at the maximum Rs 2-lakh size, but allotment will first be made for the lowest lot size of Rs 15,000 per application, said brokers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India to push for cut in crude premium ratescrude premium
(With global prices declining…)
NEW DELHI: India is looking for ways in which it can get West Asian oil and gas producers to cut the so-called Asian premium, which adds up to more than $3 billion annually, through collective bargaining.
The premium is the amount Asian buyers pay on top of the crude or gas price for reasons of proximity and stability of supply. With global prices declining and India finding cheaper alternatives elsewhere, this is probably the best time for the country to try and bring the premium down.
Currently, refiners individually negotiate long-term contracts with producers, limiting their bargaining power, government and industry officials said. "Initially, state-run refiners could take the lead in collective negotiation," one person said. India imported crude worth about $143 billion in 2013-14, three-fourths of which came from the Gulf countries, with a built-in premium of about $1.5-3 per barrel, the officials said.
"The premium is charged on the pretext of long-term uninterrupted supply of crude," said a person familiar with the development. "Since international oil prices are on a slide, there is an opportunity to renegotiate the contracts in our favour. An oil industry veteran said Indian buyers could influence producers more effectively if they acted in concert.
The Gulf countries, especially Saudi Arabia , sell crude oil and liquefied natural gas (LNG) at lower rates to European and American buyers compared with Asian importers such as Japan and India. The premium is embedded in the official selling price (OSP), a former oil minister said, requesting anonymity.
China has been busy developing and acquiring energy sources all across the globe and with the US no longer as dependent on the region for oil, conditions are amenable for Indian buyers.
"Gulf countries are losing their bargaining power, especially after the shale gas revolution in America. Even China is able to bargain better rates from them because of its diversified sourcing and overseas acquisitions of oil and gas assets," said the former chairman of an oil company.
"If China can bring down the cost, then why not India?" To be sure, India has tried and failed to do this before, particularly with regard to Saudi Arabia, its single biggest energy supplier. In 2010, former oil minister Murli Deora asked Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah for a relaxation in the premium during the visit of then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to Riyadh.
Three years later, his successor Veerappa Moily had denounced discriminatory pricing at the 8th Asia Gas Partnership Summit. Earlier that year, Moily joined hands with Japan to oppose the Asian premium charged by Gulf-based LNG producers.
Prime Minister Narandra Modi's recent visit to Japan could revive the synergy between the two large Asian energy importers and strengthen their collective bargaining power, government officials said.
Meanwhile, after Gulf-based energy exporters turned a deaf year to entreaties, Indian refiners started cutting imports from the region, officials said. Having found cheaper alternatives in Africa and South America, Indian refiners have reduced their dependence on the Gulf for crude oil to about 61 per cent in 2013-14 from about 72 per cent in 2008-09 and this percentage would shrink further.
"The gap is widening in absolute numbers since 2011-12, when we imported about 119 million tonnes (MT) of crude oil from the Middle East," said an executive at a state-run oil company. "Despite increased demand, this quantity is expected to be less than 115 MT this year."
India's total crude oil imports amounted to 171.73 MT in 2011-12, which rose to 189.24 MT in 2013-14. This figure may go up significantly after the commissioning of Indian Oil Corp's 15 MT capacity Paradeep refinery and the upgrade of refineries belonging to Bharat Petroleum Corp. and Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd, executives said.
The government is also working on a two-pronged strategy to have better bargaining power while sourcing crude, said officials. One is to shift the focus from the Gulf to Africa and South America and the other is to replace liquid fuels by alternates such as natural gas, solar power and other renewable energy sources, sources said.
"Private refineries are leaders in reducing dependence on the Gulf crude to reduce their input cost and avoid uncertainty due to frequent politically unrests in countries such as Syria, Iraq and Iran. New and upgraded refineries of public sector companies will also follow suit," one government source said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India on track for a multi-year bull run: Nilesh Shah  Axis CapitalAxis Capital
(Markets are supported by…)
It is unlikely that markets will be kind to give an opportunity to waiting investors to enter at significantly lower levels from here onwards, says Nilesh Shah, MD & CEO, Axis Capital. The rally is supported by fundamentals as well as flows and investors should not book profits unless they have massively over-allocated to equities, Shah said in an interview to ET. Edited excerpts:
The Indian market has risen sharply in the past few months and we have seen a massive P/E expansion in almost all sectors. Do you think we are heading for a correction? Should investors book profits now?
The Indian equity market has risen from cheap valuations of about 12-13 times forward earnings to the current level of 16-17 times forward earnings. This valuation range is a little above the historical average of the last 20 years. This rise on one side is led by global as well as local flows. Global flows have come partly as they can't go to Russia due to the Ukraine crisis, China due to the credit bubble and governance issues, Brazil as the economy is in recession, Thailand, Indonesia and Turkey due to the political situation. Local flows have come as equity has massively outperformed fixed income, gold and real estate in the last 12-18 months.
We expect flows to continue from the domestic side as equity is massively under-allocated by Indian investors. We also expect flows to continue from foreign investors despite the significant premium valuation Indian markets are enjoying. Markets are supported by improving macroeconomic indicators. Inflation is moderating, growth is improving, currency is stable, oil is softening and sentiments are improving. Everyone wants to wait for the correction to enter the equity market. It is unlikely that markets will be kind to give an opportunity to waiting investors to enter at significantly lower levels from here onwards.
India is on a multi-year bull run supported by fundamentals as well as flows. Investors should not book profit unless they are massively over allocated to equity. Markets being markets will fluctuate. It is a buy-on-dips market. Since large cap and midcaps have started trading at similar valuations, it is recommended to be overweight towards large caps.
Do you think that more funds will flow into emerging markets, especially to India following a rate cut by the ECB?
Indian markets have successfully witnessed the withdrawal of QE in the US. The withdrawal does not reduce the quantu m of liquidity which is pumped into the economy. It reduces the addition of liquidity as the already pumped in liquidity is more than adequate. Japan and European Union are still on easy monetary policy with near zero interest rates and huge amount of liquidity levels are being maintained.
EMs, including India, have more natural resources, more population and better visibility of growth. Developed markets, including EU, have excess liquidity. As long as Indian economy assures better growth prospects and governance standards, it will be fair to assume that we will continue to attract global capital flows.
 
The big fear for the market this week is the Supreme Court verdict on coal blocks. What if the Supreme Court cancels all the coal blocks allotted between 1993 and 2009?
Markets have priced in uncertainty of regulations across many sectors, including utility and mining. Valuations across these sectors are near all-time lows. Cancellations will be a company-specific matter. However, clearing of regulatory uncertainty will help fresh investment and improve growth prospects in the sector which will get reflected in the valuations over a period of time.
At the current market price, what kind of stocks or sectors are you recommending to your clients?
It is not worth investing in equity market from a six-month point of view. This is a period like 2003-2008 where despite corrections, the market is multiplying manyfold. The market is probably not going to give a broad-based sharp rally like last year. It is now a stock-specific bottom-up market. We recommend investors to be overweight on large-cap stocks of quality companies. Focus on non- leveraged companies generating free cash flow and available at reasonable valuation.
We recommend investors to be overweight on technology and banking and financial services sector. We also recommend investor to choose from divestment offerings which will soon be launched.
After a rush in June-July for raising funds through QIPs, there has been a complete pause in fund-raising programmes, barring a few small IPOs, as investors who had rushed to participate in the QIPs are staring at big losses. Do you think the demand for such papers has dried up and the primary market will take more time to revive?

E-commerce logistics company Delhivery raise...Delhivery
(E-commerce logistics services…)
NEW DELHI: E-commerce logistics services company Delhivery has closed a $35 million (Rs 211.5 crore) round of funding, led by Multiples Alternate Asset Management , as the country's e-commerce sector continues to attract substantial capital from private equity investors.
The series C round of equity funding also saw participation from the Gurgaon-based company's existing institutional backers, Times Internet and Nexus Venture Partners .
"We will use the funds to further expand our network, fulfilment space and technology portfolio," said Sahil Barua , co-founder, Delhivery, adding the company expects to be present in 260 town and cities across the country, up from its current 180, by the end of the year.
The transaction is the largest round of funding raised by an Indian e-commerce allied venture till date.
In May, ET was the first to report that Delhivery, which counts almost every e-commerce company among its clientele, had entered into negotiations to raise its third round of funding.
While Barua refused to disclose the exact stake taken by the Renuka Ramnath-led private equity firm, the deal is believed to value the four-year-old company upwards of Rs 500 crore.
"It's (Delhivery) got very strong valuations based on its growth rate, and its revenue growth has been at par with that of the e-commerce sector," said Satyan Gajwani, chief executive, Times Internet.
Delhivery, which was founded in 2011 by a group of IIT and IIM alumni, expects its top-line to touch Rs 220 crore at the end of the current fiscal. For the financial year ended March 2014, it posted revenue of Rs 62 crore.
"Delhivery has the right ingredients to build a clients to build a highly differentiated logistics company that could expand beyond being a critical service provider for online retailers, into also becoming a strategic partner in fulfilling the online aspirations of many brick-and mortar businesses", said Sudhir Variyar, managing director, Multiples.
The transaction is further proof of risk capital looking to invest outside of pure-play e-commerce companies and in allied sectors, such as logistics, reverse logistics and payment-related services.
Over the last 12 months, private equity and strategic investors have invested, or are in talks to invest in ventures that are termed as e-commerce enablers, driven largely by the relatively lower valuations and smaller amounts of capital required by these ventures, with average deal sizes of Rs 100 crore to Rs 50 crore.
In July, ET had reported that refurbished goods retailer Reverse Logistics Corp, which owns and operates online portal GreenDust.com, was in talks to raise a new round of financing that could go up to $100 million.
"One of the most critical infrastructure requirements for e-commerce in this country is logistics. The Delhivery team has the deep understanding and execution capability to be a market leader in this space," said Suvir Sujan, co-founder and MD, Nexus Ventures Partners.
Delhivery currently handles over 70,000 transactions for 25,000-plus merchants, 800 e-commerce companies and 80 offline retailers across its network.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BJP set to form govt in Delhi after Modi s nodBJP set to form govt in Delhi after Modi s nod
Air India  NBCC to tie up this month to offl...Air India to tie up with National Buildings Construction Corporation to offload assets
Ravi Teja Sharma & Mihir Mishra, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 04.19AM IST
Tags:
Air India
(The loss-making airline…)
NEW DELHI: Air India is likely to ink a memorandum of understanding with government-owned National Buildings Construction Corporation (NBCC) this month to help the flag carrier monetise its assets, after it failed to do so on its own.
The loss-making airline has been struggling to sell or lease its assets including land and buildings that the government recommended as part of a bailout plan in 2012.
"It's a generic MoU that allows NBCC to help Air India monetise its land assets and both of us have agreed on the terms. In the development process, land will be Air India's equity and our equity will be the investment in creating any infrastructure on the land. The profit from any asset will be shared according to the equity," said a top NBCC official, requesting anonymity.
The official added that the NBCC will develop only land and not the apartments and flats that Air India owns across the globe. According to the government's turnaround plan for Air India, the carrier needs to raise Rs 5,000 crore through sale and leasing of assets, which will be used for repayment of loans. The airline has a debt of Rs 40,000 crore, with an annual interest payment outlay of Rs 3,700 crore.
An Air India executive said that the airline has not been able to monetise assets primarily due to rules governing land acquisition. "Take the example of our land on Baba Kharag Singh Marg in New Delhi, which could have easily fetched us about Rs 900 crore. The land could not be sold or leased due to an issue with land use that bars us from using it for anything but ticketing offices," said the executive, who did not wish to be identified.
The executive added, "NBCC is an expert in these matters and we expect them to expedite our monetisation plan. The draft MoU is a generic one and we will be deciding the mode to be followed during monetisation later." Air India's finance department is studying three models for monetisation - outright sale, where Air India sells everything to NBCC and keeps the money; letting NBCC develop the land on its own so that the airline can earn from rentals and share the revenue that the developed asset generates; and sharing the cost of developing an asset on the land and the revenue generated from it in the future.
Air India's performance in asset monetisation has been dismal. While the national carrier has been able to rent out its floors in the Air India building in Mumbai, flats and land parcels in Hong Kong, Nairobi, Mauritius, Mumbai, New Delhi, Gurgaon, Chennai, Kolkata and Coimbatore are yet to be sold or leased.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Singapore s former PM on official visit to IndiaSingapore s former PM on official visit to India
How the safeguards work when you pay onlineHow the safeguards work when you pay online
Indian generic drug makers eye Japan marketIndian generic drug makers eye Japan market
Choudhries’ bail lifted in Rolls-Royce probe© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d43d3346-369e-11e4-95d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nikkei Slightly Up in Early Trade Following Wall Street GainsYou are here: Home Market
Nikkei Slightly Up in Early Trade Following Wall Street Gains
Agence France Presse | Updated On: September 08, 2014 07:33 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Fall Sharply As Fed Jitters Hit Global Markets Again
Tokyo:
Tokyo stocks were slightly higher in opening trade higher on Monday following gains on Wall Street last week, despite the dollar's fall and poor Japanese growth data.
The Nikkei 225 index was up 0.03 per cent, or 4.25 points, to 15,672.93 in the first 20 minutes of trade.
The S&P 500 jumped 0.50 per cent higher Friday to a record 2,007.71 after investors concluded that poor US jobs data would discourage the Federal Reserve from quickly raising interest rates.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.40 per cent to 17,137.36, narrowly missing a record of its own.
Market players hardly reacted to official Japanese data early Monday that showed the economy shrank 1.8 per cent on-quarter in the April-June term, worse than the previously estimated fall of 1.7 per cent.
The downward revision matched market expectations.
The dollar was at 105.11 yen in early Asian trade, slightly up from 105.06 yen in New York Friday afternoon but still down from 105.33 yen in Tokyo earlier Friday.
The euro bought $1.2952 and 136.22 yen against $1.2951 and 136.14 yen in US trade.
The dollar fell after hopes that the US would turn in a seventh straight month of strong jobs generation were dashed when August's number came in at just 142,000 net new positions, 80,000 less than expected.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 07:31 (IST)

Flood toll over 150: PM says  national disasterFlood toll over 150: PM says  national disaster
ISIS Claims To Behead Another Lebanese Soldierreddit
Islamic State fighters on Saturday claimed to have beheaded a second Lebanese soldier captured by the militant group last month.
Supporters of the group posted photos on Twitter claiming to show the hostage, identified as Abbas Medlej, being decapitated. Medlej's family said the images appear to be real, the Associated Press reported . Lebanese military officials said the army had received the images and was investigating whether they are authentic.
An Islamic State leader in Lebanon told Turkey's Anadolu Agency that the group killed the 20-year-old soldier after he attempted to escape. According to the group, the soldier pretended to go to the bathroom and opened fire on his captors.
If confirmed, the man would be the second Lebanese solder to be beheaded in recent weeks by the extremist group, previously known as ISIS. On Wednesday, the first Lebanese soldier, Sgt. Ali Sayid, was buried in Lebanon a week after militants posted a video of his decapitation.
Around two dozen members of Lebanon's security forces were captured by the Islamic State when they stormed the Lebanese border town of Arsal earlier in August, in the worst-seen spillover of violence from neighboring Syria. In the aftermath of the attack, the U.S. sent an emergency weapons shipment to the Lebanese military.
Militants have demanded the release of Islamist prisoners in exchange for the hostages, but the Lebanese government has rejected a prisoner swap, according to Lebanon's Daily Star newspaper.
More:

Indian drug makers Lupin  Dr Reddy’s eye Jap...You are here: Home > Collections > Japan
Indian generic drug makers like Lupin, Dr Reddy’s Laboratories, Sun Pharma eye Japanese market
Raji Reddy Kesireddy, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 05.53AM IST
Tags:
Dr Reddy’s Laboratories
(In April, Lupin formed a…)
HYDERABAD: Indian generic drug makers are exploring all options to get a foot in the door to Japan's lucrative but difficult-to-crack $111-billion drug industry.
The penetration of generic drugs in Japan, the world's largest drug market after the US and Europe is a little more than 30 per cent compared with more 80 per cent in the US drug market . The Japanese government now wants to raise this share to 60 per cent by 2017 as it looks to make healthcare affordable.
According to analysts and experts, companies including Lupin, Dr Reddy's Laboratories, Sun Pharma, Glenmark , Shasun Pharma , Sami Labs and Aurobindo Pharma are making efforts to increase their business with Japan.
In April, Lupin formed a joint venture with Japan's Yoshindo for biosimilars. It is also in talks with other local drug makers for alliances. "The current JV with Yoshindo is focused on the clinical development of biosimilars in Japan," Vinod Dhawan, group president, AAMLA (Asia pacific, Africa, Middle East and Latin America) and business development at Lupin. "The JV opens the Japanese biosimilars market for Lupin. We are in constant discussion with several companies on various cooperation models."
Dr Reddy's is once again focusing on Japan after its joint venture with Fuji Film Corp ended last year. "We still continue to be interested in Japan. We are exploring all options. The priority is to get into the right plan to enter into the Japanese market. So the options for us are to seek a partner, acquire a company or do it organically," Dr Reddy's said in an email reply to ET's query on the company's plans. Of the $15 billion worth of drugs that India exported in 2013-14, shipment to Japan totalled about $120 million.
Also, most of it was in the form of APIs (Active pharmaceutical ingredients) and herbals. PV Appaji, director general of Pharmaceuticals Export Promotion Council said, "Ageing population, increasing healthcare cost have led the Japanese government to take a decision to encourage more generics, which can keep the government's expenditure low on public healthcare. There is a lot of interest for our APIs and herbals in Japan. We believe most of the Indian drug companies are looking at either partnering with the Japanese players or forging joint ventures to tap the foreign market."
According to the European Pharma Market Research Association, the over-65 population in Japan is expected to touch 29.1 per cent by 2020 and 38.8 per cent by 2050. Alok Dalal, vice-president research-healthcare at Motilal Oswal Securities said while Japan provides huge opportunity for Indian drug makers, the success rate of joint ventures with Japanese firms has been low.
"Japan has always been a high-opportunity market. But generic penetration is less than 30 per cent versus over 80 per cent for US and UK. The government is encouraging generic penetration but it is happening at a slow pace. Challenges include high cost of operations and higher lead times," Dalal said. "Acceptance of generics has also been a hurdle for the Japanese.
Indian companies have huge potential in Japan. However, they will have to find the right model to enter and establish themselves. They will also need to be patient as returns from this market will take time to come."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Birla Group  Mometum may form JV for health ...You are here: Home > Collections
AV Birla Group and Mometum Group may join hands for India's health insurance sector
Shilpy Sinha, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 04.49AM IST
Tags:
Aditya Birla Group
(The Indian conglomerate…)
MUMBAI: The Aditya Birla Group is in advanced talks with South African Momentum Group as part of its plans to enter India's fast-growing health insurance market.
The Momentum Group is the whollyowned subsidiary of Momentum Holdings, the third-largest life insurer in South Africa. Ajay Srinivasan, chief executive for financial services at the Aditya Birla Group, confirmed the development."We are in discussions with them (Momentum Group)," he said.
The company is in the process of finalising the joint venture agreement, a person aware of the development said. It will shortly file for an R1 licence with the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda), the first of three steps in the registration process.
The Indian conglomerate led by billionaire Kumar Mangalam Birla will hold a 74 per cent stake in the proposed venture, while Momentum will hold the remaining 26 per cent, the maximum permissible under the current law, although this is in the process of being raised to 49 per cent.
Talks have been on between the two sides for more than three months.
Mumbai-headquartered AV Birla Group is present in the life insurance segment through a joint venture with Canada's Sun Life. Birla Sun Life sells a range of life insurance products, including unit-linked and traditional products.
Other large global health insurers such as South Africa's Discovery and US-based Aetna and Humana have been scouting for local partners to enter India's health insurance market, which is estimated to grow by 25 per cent in the next five years.
The Rs 12,606-crore domestic health insurance business accounts for about a quarter of the total non-life insurance business in the country. Penetration of the insurance industry has grown at a steady pace since non-state companies were allowed in 2000. Penetration, defined as the ratio of insurance premiums to GDP , was 2.71 per cent at the time.
It rose to 4 per cent at the end of March 2012. Non-life insurance penetration was 0.60-0.78 per cent over the past decade, despite health insurance growing at a 30 per cent compounded annual rate over the past seven years.
The latest entrant into the segment is Cigna TTK, a joint venture between US-based Cigna and India's TTK Group , which started operations this month.
Apollo Munich, Max Bupa, Star Health & Allied Insurance and Religare are the other standalone companies in the sector.
All standalone health insurance companies focus mainly on the urban market, which is seeing growth through hospitals, clinics and doctors.
The amendment to the Insurance Bill has been cleared by the Lok Sabha but is yet to be approved by the Rajya Sabha. Apart from raising the foreign direct investment limit to 49 per cent from 26 per cent, the Bill proposes that health insurance companies maintain an equity capital of Rs 50 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Alibaba s Jack Ma: The man behind the bigges...(Alibaba, a company started…)
By David Barboza
SHANGHAI: At the resplendent China World Hotel in Beijing, scores of cameras snapped as colorful confetti floated down from the ceiling. It was August 11, 2005, and this was the global coming-out party for Alibaba, the Chinese e-commerce upstart.
After months of frantic negotiations, US Internet giant Yahoo had agreed to invest $1 billion in cash and create deeper business ties, in exchange for a 40 per cent stake in Alibaba. Alibaba's founder, Jack Ma, thin, energetic and standing just over 5 feet tall, was beaming.
He gushed that it was China's Valentine's Day and this was a beautiful match: "You'd be foolish if you said no." It was his coming-out party too; the partnership would pave the way for Alibaba to become an international juggernaut.
For days, Ma was almost giddy about a deal that provided his company with a huge infusion of money and unfettered access to Yahoo's search technology. He was particularly effusive that eBay and Meg Whitman, who was then its chief executive, had enticed Yahoo to make a competing offer by bidding so aggressively for Alibaba.
"Thank you, Meg Whitman," Ma joked at the time. "Thank you for making all of this possible." But Ma soon started having second thoughts about the partnership. He worried that he had sold the stake too cheaply and given up too much control.
Trying to buy back most, if not all, of Alibaba's shares, Ma started talks that dragged on for several years. With the relationship souring, Ma transferred ownership of Alibaba's fast-growing online payment service, Alipay, to an entity that he controlled.
He didn't get the permission of Alibaba's board. He just went ahead and did it. While Yahoo complained, Ma seemed to get everything he wanted, eventually. In 2011, he negotiated an agreement giving him and a handful of key lieutenants a majority stake in Alipay, one of the company's crown jewels.
A year later, Ma secured a plan for Yahoo to reduce its stake in Alibaba. When the Alibaba Group goes public later this month in an offering that could value the company at about $160 billion, investors will have little doubt about who is in control of the company.
Ma, 49, is the public face. He is the chief negotiator. He is the top strategist. He is the biggest individual investor, with a 9 per cent stake. Alibaba, a company started out of Ma's apartment in 1999, is now a technology colossus worth more than US stalwarts like eBay and Hewlett-Packard.
Under his leadership, Alibaba has become not just the dominant force in China's e-commerce but also a symbol of the country's breathtaking economic rise. The company has 250 million active buyers in China, and its orders account for more than 60 per cent of all package deliveries in China.
That success has helped make Jack Ma a kind of celebrity CEO, an executive comfortable hobnobbing with business moguls in Davos, leading tours of his company for China's political elite and promoting the "Wisdom of Jack Ma" in books and on DVDs. The initial public offering could make Ma, already one of China's richest men, worth more than $15 billion. He has already pledged to give away much of that wealth, which would instantly make him one of the world's major philanthropists.
(Ma and Alibaba declined to comment for this article, citing regulatory restrictions on public statements ahead of an IPO.) Ma has grown accustomed to doing things his way. He regularly strikes deals with close friends and buys companies in seemingly unrelated industries. At times, it is hard to determine whether an investment is personal or professional, because the boundaries between Ma's portfolio and Alibaba's holdings can blur.
Such activities are not always transparent, a potential red flag for new shareholders in a public company. Like many Chinese companies, Alibaba also operates behind a cloak of complicated ownership structures, which may limit dissenting shareholders' objections.
REBELLIOUS AND PRECOCIOUS
Ma grew up in the eastern Chinese city of Hangzhou, the middle of three children born to a pair of performers of pingtan, a traditional musical storytelling technique. Neighbors called him a troublesome and often rebellious young boy, but he may have just been precocious.
At 10, Ma Yun, as he is known in Chinese, took a liking to English and would ride his bicycle to the Hangzhou Hotel to practice with foreign tourists, an experience he said opened his mind to the outside world. His poor math skills almost prevented him from attending college.
But after passing the national college entrance exam on the third try, Ma gained admission to a local teachers' college, where he excelled and was elected president of the student union. When he graduated in 1988, he took a $14-a-month job teaching English at the Hangzhou Institute of Electronic Engineering and quickly became one of its most popular instructors.

Asian Markets Tentative  Sterling PlungesYou are here: Home Market
Asian Shares Tentative, Sterling Plunges
Reuters | Updated On: September 08, 2014 08:07 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Fall Sharply As Fed Jitters Hit Global Markets Again
Tokyo: Asian shares got off to a cautious start on Monday, while a plunge in sterling after a poll showed rising support for Scottish independence helped bolster the dollar.
Sterling plummeted 0.8 per cent to $1.6207 after sliding as low as $1.6165 in early trade, the lowest since last November and the biggest daily drop in eight months, after a poll showed the "yes" to Scottish independence campaign on 51 per cent against 49 per cent for the "no" camp.
Data on Friday showed US nonfarm payrolls grew by only 142,000 last month, far below the 225,000 forecast by analysts in a Reuters poll.
The downbeat jobs report suggested the Federal Reserve will hold off on hiking interest rates anytime soon, and helped the S&P 500 hit a fresh closing high.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was flat in early trade, while Japan's Nikkei stock average added 0.2 percent.
Data released before Tokyo opened showed Japan's economy shrank an annualised 7.1 per cent in April-June from the previous quarter, revised down from a preliminary 6.8 per cent contraction due to weaker-than-expected capital spending.
The dollar edged up to 105.18 yen, though it remained shy of a nearly six-year high of 105.71 touched on Friday.
The euro steadied at $1.2953, holding above a 14-month low of $1.2920 hit last week in the wake of the European Central Bank's easing steps on Thursday.
Net short positions in the euro ballooned in the latest week ended September 2, rising to their largest in more than two years, according to data from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission released on Friday.
"The less extreme positioning in sterling and the looming Scottish referendum may mean that sterling lags behind the euro during the days ahead," Marc Chandler, global head of currency strategy at Brown Brothers Harriman in New York, said in a note to clients.
Later in the Asian session, investors await Chinese trade data for August, and will be scanning the report for any signs of weakness after a spate of recent data raised concerns about the impact of a cooling property sector.
On the commodities front, spot gold edged lower to$1,266.79 an ounce but remained well above a three-month low of $1,256.90 hit on Friday before the US jobs data.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Relief For Indirect Transfers! Short-LivedTweet
Published on Mon, Sep 08,2014 | 08:05, Updated at Mon, Sep 08 at 08:09Source : CNBC-TV18 |   Watch Video :
Since the 2012 Vodafone Supreme Court judgment, there has been a Damocles Sword hanging over indirect transfers! As you know already - the judgment was followed by a retrospective amendment in the Budget that brought within the tax net all overseas transactions involving substantial underlying assets in India. But the definition of substantial remained unclear. It is this confusion that the Delhi High Court has now cleared. Payaswini Upadhyay reports on the precedent this Delhi High Court order sets and if it will be short lived in the light of the impending general anti avoidance rules?
It will go down in histroy as india’s most infamous tax case. Promptly after the Supreme Court’s Vodafone judgment in 2012, the government made a retrospective amendment that proved to be ominous for indirect transfers. The amendment said that ‘any share or interest in a company or entity registered or incorporated outside India, shall be deemed to be situated in India, if the share or interest derives, directly or indirectly, its value substantially from the assets located in India.’
But what was substantial was left open ended.
Anu Dutt
Partner, Dutt Menon Dunmorrsett
“Because of the Vodafone judgment, where the argument was that one single share in Cayman Islands was transferred but the underlying assets and the value was entirely in India and therefore the government argued that the share was vesting in India- this was rejected. And to overrule the said judgment, this amendment came in 2012 purporting to be a clarificatory amendment and it said that share even outside India would be deemed to be situated in India if the substantial value of that share is in India. Unfortunately there is no definition of substantial.”
Mukesh Butani
Managing Partner, BMR Legal
“It sent out a whole lot of nervousness in the mind of taxpayers. It did make many investors believe that to the extent contracts have been signed earlier on a predication that this income is not liable to tax, suitable warranties and tax indemnities were exchanged in relation to those transactions. So people started looking at what this would mean from a liability standpoint.”
Unsure of its liability, Mauritius based Copal Research approached the Authority for Advance Rulings or AAR for its transactions with US based Moody’s. The transaction transferred Copal’s global business to Moody’s and was effected by way of three separate agreements. Two of the three agreements resulted in transfer of Copal’s India assets to Moody’s. The parties approached the AAR to determine the taxability of gains arising out of these two transactions.
The tax department argued that the two transactions should not be looked at in isolation. The department alleged breaking up the transaction into 3 parts allowed the parties to take benefit of the Indo-Mauritius tax treaty. The Department said it should be treated as a singular transaction and the gains arising from the overseas transfer of shares should be taxable as the assets were located in India. The taxpayers argued commercial rationale and the AAR agreed. It held that capital gains arising on sale of shares will not be taxed in India and so, there would be no withholding obligation.
Mukesh Butani
Managing Partner, BMR Legal
“I think the AAR merely looked into the fact that this income was liable to tax or not under the indirect tax rule and came to the conclusion the given the sequence of steps that were followed, this income was not liable to tax.”
Recently, the Delhi HC upheld the AAR’s order. 
It pointed out that breaking up of the transactions into 3 parts had a commercial effect which could not have been achieved otherwise. And so the department’s argument that the transactions were structured such to just avoid tax is not tenable.
But the High Court didn’t stop there. It went on to assess the value of Indian assets getting transferred and concluded that only 23% of the value of shares is derived from assets situated in India. The court interpreted the term substantially to say that for the indirect tax provisions to apply, the overseas company should derive at least 50% of its value from Indian assets. In doing so, the Delhi HC relied upon the 2010 Direct Tax Code Bill, Shome Committee’s Report, the OECD and the UN Model Tax Convention – all of which prescribe a 50% threshold.
Anu Dutt
Partner, Dutt Menon Dunmorrsett
“What is important is this judgment has looked at the commercial aspects of the transaction and also giving meaningful interpretation of investment companies or companies which are set up In Mauritius where they invest or provide only intra-group services and not that it necessarily has to be in manufacturing or some substantial manufacturing activity for it to have substance. I think that’s an important aspect of this judgment.”
Mukesh Butani
Managing Partner, BMR Legal
“The other development that took place when the Andhra Pradesh HC gave a decision in the case of Sanofi. The Andhra Pradesh HC, without looking into the amendments to the domestic law, focused on the India France Treaty and it said that within the realm of India-France Treaty and even after reading the retrospective amendment, you cannot bring that tax to India. Now the Delhi HC has come back and out the substantial part of the debate on indirect transfers to rest. The Committee which has been set up by the Finance Ministry can pick up clues from the Shome Committee recommendations, from the Andhra Pradesh HC’s Sanofi decision and the Delhi HC decision in the case of Copal – so these three in my view will act as aids for interpretation of the law.”
But not for long! The General Anti-avoidance rules become effective in April next year and the worry is that it may dilute the effect of this Delhi HC ruling.
Anu Dutt
Partner, Dutt Menon Dunmorrsett
“Definitely, GAAR may have an influence because it will depend on how the DTA plays out – would they, like in United States, have a provision that the GAAR will overrule the Treaty or will they say the tax office can look at whether DTA should be made applicable in these cases and what will be the interplay between them- so it will depend on that.”
The other moving part of this equation is the Direct Taxes Code- the recent Draft proposes that if 20%  ore more of the total assets of a company are located in India, then the income arising from such a transaction will be taxed here. Experts have criticized this threshold saying that by no measure can 20% be considered as substantial. So while for now, the Delhi High Court order has brought cheer, it is short lived – pending the new DTC or GAAR implementation.
In Mumbai, Payaswini Upadhyay

KFA Gets Wilful Defaulter Tag! What Next- Even when borrower has capacity to pay
- Borrower has diverted the funds
- Borrower has siphoned off the funds
- Borrower has disposed/removed assets/property offered as collateral
WILFUL DEFAULT
Identification of wilful default should be made
- Keeping track record in mind
- Not decided on basis of isolated incident
- Default must be intentional, deliberate and calculated
Doshi: How often has this name and shame worked?
Jayesh: It has worked in the past. There are names which I will not take now given that they have been settled and borrowers have paid off and they paid off after being declared as a wilful defaulter but then they file a legal challenge and then they choose to settle it out of court by paying off. So the tag of wilful defaulter doesn’t any longer continue for those names. Therefore, I won’t name them, but to answer your question, it does work provided it’s done in time.
In the given instance, I have few points to make or a bunch of questions to ask- why are the other banks not taking steps and are all the consortium members of the view and assessment that there has been no diversion of funds or the funds used for the very purpose as was stated or none of the collateral given was altered or disposed off without the consent of the banks because the ground on which United Bank has declared it, I do not think that will sustain. At least my limited understanding from the media is Kingfisher is broke and I do not think they even must be having Rs 5 crore in a bank balance somewhere in the country – that’s one question. The other is why is it being done now. Why wasn’t it done a year or two back where the Kingfisher brand as an airline brand would have had value where you could look at post wilful declaration, change of management and maybe handing over the company to be run by somebody else who is willing to restructure the whole operation. As to consequences, I do not agree with one of the points made. There is no legal compulsion for a person declared as a wilful defaulter, their directors to resign necessarily from the boards of other companies.
Doshi: I am reading from the RBI master circular – it says no borrowing company should induct promoter or a director of a wilful defaulter company. A borrowing company must remove from its board any promoter or director of a wilful defaulter company.
Jayesh:  That is an extract you are reading out. You need the loan agreement to have such a clause. If the loan agreement doesn’t have the clause, the banks cannot compel but you are right that these are pressure tactics but the real objective was, if you want to call it social service for the banking system that I have defrauded or whatever by this borrower so I am declaring this person as a wilful defaulter so you- the other banks- don’t have to undergo the same.
WILFUL DEFAULT
Penal Measures
‘Banks/FIs are, therefore, advised to seriously and promptly consider initiating criminal action against wilful defaulters or wrong certifications by borrowers, wherever considered necessary…’
Doshi: I put this question to United Bank asking if they were likely to pursue any criminal proceedings on the basis of this wilful defaulter tag. The bank told me that we have the option to do so but we are not inclined to do so right now and we hope that the leader of the consortium makes up its mind on the wilful defaulter tag and decides to initiate criminal proceedings on its own. What are the chances of any criminal proceedings under a wilful defaulter tag succeeding; how does the process work?
United Bank Says
Can take criminal action against KFA under IPC Sec 403/415. But as yet have not considered criminal action.
Jayesh: The RBI circular requires banks to apply the wilful defaulter proceedings and many banks are not doing so and that’s something which RBI needs to look at as to why banks are not doing so. Second, if you do declare somebody a wilful defaulter on grounds such as diversion of funds or diversion of collateral etc then you are required to file criminal proceedings.
Doshi: But in this case it doesn’t seem to be those two points. It just seems to be the ability to pay but refusal to pay?
Jayesh: That is not a ground for criminal proceedings.
Umarji: It is not going to help. It is only bringing a pressure on the Directors. Unless there is a specific allegation of fraud and misuse of the funds obtained from the bank and diversion of funds; only that amounts to offence of cheating. There cannot be any criminal proceeding in respect of this wilful defaulter.
I only wanted to mention two more developments which have happened – there is another bank which has started the action for classifying this company as a wilful defaulter – that is Punjab National Bank and that action has also been challenged by the company on the grounds saying that we should be allowed to be represented by an advocate in the proceedings which are conducted for classification as wilful defaulter. The Delhi High Court has passed an order that he should be allowed to be defended by an advocate whereas Calcutta High Court has taken a contrary view. Therefore, this is one development and I understand that I do not know which company but some company has filed writ petition in the Bombay high court challenging the constitutional validity of the RBI circular.
Media reports indicate other banks such as PNB & SBI are also considering declaring KFA a wilful defaulter
Delhi High Court
Ruled in KFA’s favour & permitted it to be represented by lawyers in wilful defaulter proceedings by PNB
PNB intends to challenge the Delhi HC order in the Supreme Court
Doshi: I think that company is Finolex. It is a company that has been tagged wilful defaulter in the past in connection to some derivative contracts.
Umarji: They are challenging on the ground…(Interrupted)
Doshi: We don’t know how that challenge will turnout but at this point, he might actually challenge the grounds on which he has been labeled wilful defaulter. What are the likely chances of success of this tag persisting, of United Bank winning that?
Umarji: I agree with Mr. Jayesh that that it will be extremely difficult to prove the company has a capacity to pay but it is not paying because the company is closed down for last two-three years.
Doshi: In my conversation with the United Bank management, they indicated to me that we do know of instances where there was money in the account but they did not pay us. I do not have that evidence but I am curious to know what you make of where all of this is going to head. Is wilful defaulter just a nice headline tag, it amounts to nothing else?
Jayesh: You can use wilful defaulter to show that you are taking some action or if you are serious about it, then you would have gone on more serious charges and that is a question I asked earlier – is it the bank’s case, the full consortium that they have no evidence of diversion of funds etc because those are far more serious charges and far more difficult to challenge if you are able to demonstrate that that’s where the facts lie. Therefore, you are right that is this just to show that some action is been taken and whether that action gets sustained or not and then the other question is how serious are the banks in this case given the nature of the persona we are dealing with.
More Stories

Petroleum ministry lines up Rs 4 500 cr investment in OdishaPetroleum ministry lines up Rs 4 500 cr investment in Odisha
Asian shares mixed after US  Japan dataAsian shares mixed after US  Japan data
Bharti Airtel may raise $1 bn from sale of Nigeria towersBharti Airtel may raise $1 bn from sale of Nigeria towers
Top 7 Winning Stocks Of 2014Top 7 Winning Stocks Of 2014
Express 5: BJP MLA protests against ‘Love Jihad’  Three sons gunned down in 3 yearsPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 8:51 am
Here are five exclusive stories from The Indian Express that you must go through before you begin your day:
In the last three years, Rajkumar, 72, and his wife Satwanti, 68, have lost three of their sons — all gunned down, allegedly by a gang led by Jai Bhagwan, a history-sheeter wanted in many criminal cases.
Read more: Three sons gunned down in three years, Rohtak family lives in fear 
 
On the eve of bypolls in Uttar Pradesh, BJP MLA Sangeet Singh Som has announced a mahapanchayat to protest against “love jihad”.
Read more: BJP MLA calls for ‘love jihad’ mahapanchayat
 
Twenty-two people would not have lost their lives in the Nagaram pipeline blast in June if GAIL India had installed the safety features as promised to the Chief Controller of Explosives (CCOE).
Read more: 22 wouldn’t have died in pipeline blast had GAIL installed safety features: Probe report
 
Destroying crops, social boycott and imposition of fine were among the measures discussed on Sunday by the Dalit community members, who met in Khaniyadhana in Shivpuri district, to prevent future conversions to Islam.
Read more: Burning crops, boycott, fines: MP Dalit group’s plan to fight conversion 
 
From the press box at Edgbaston you could see traffic inching ahead at the pace of a timeless Test as spectators turned up in great numbers on Sunday afternoon to catch the one-off Twenty20 between England and India.

M&M planning alliances  synergy with Ssangyo...Mahindra and Mahindra planning alliances with global players like Ssangyong, Saab and Peugeot Citroen
Lijee Philip, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
europe
(M&M is working out a joint…)
MUMBAI: Mahindra & Mahindra is looking to strengthen its global presence even as its sales have been shrinking in the local market, and industry experts say alliances with global auto majors could play a key role.
The Mumbai-based company is working out a joint entry strategy in key markets with Korean unit Ssangyong Motor and exploring alliance opportunities with Swedish carmaker Saab and Peugeot Citroen of France, people in the know said.
M&M is considering riding piggyback on Ssangyong in Russia, which is the Korean unit's largest export market. In China, where Ssangyong just made its entry, M&M will make its presence felt after Ssangyong has settled in completely. In Chile, M&M and Ssangyong have independent strategies and don't intend to disturb that, said Executive Director Pawan Goenka.
While both brands have been successful in Africa, M&M is on a watch mode for the European markets. "Several years back, before we took over Ssangyong, the brand (Ssangyong) was strong in Europe. Then it lost some of its strength during the financial difficulties of the company. Now it is on a recovery path," said Goenka. And in another tough market, the US, Ssangyong has evinced interest and M&M still needs to firm up its plans.
M&M and Ssangyong are two independent brands and "we will cautiously address" both of them independently while taking advantage of possible synergies, said Goenka. The two companies are working on a coordinated global branding strategy, which will be put into action in four-six months.
An all-new product from Ssangyong, the X100 the compact SUV, will hit the market in January 2015. This will be the first platform to be launched by Ssangyong after it was acquired by M&M three years ago.
"There is an element of fatigue in the development work, however it could be a temporary blip," said Mahantesh Sabarad, deputy head research of SBICap Securities.
The company is trying to address that and the fill a gap in its product portfolio that is affecting sales. "There is a shift in consumer demand to compact SUVs, so our volumes are suffering a bit right now," said Goenka. It will launch three new platforms (two in the passenger segment and one in the commercial segment) in 2015. One of the engines will be a part of the family of engines jointly developed with Ssangyong.
While the two companies have yet to make any joint launch, for Goenka three years "is too short a time to jointly develop any product." Ssangyong was a small acquisition, according to Sabarad of SBICap Securities.
 
"With smaller risk, come smaller rewards. Now, M&M needs to go for a bigger risk and bigger reward." The market is abuzz with rumours of Mahindra looking at workable synergies with Saab and PSA Peugeot in brand and technology space.
"PSA are undoubtable technology leaders when it comes to diesel hybrids and are the inventors of the very promising hybrid air compressed technology. They have also developed two brilliant platforms for their future range of cars. So if Mahindra is able to acquire or participate in any of these powertrain technologies or platforms, they will be able to leapfrog into the future generation," said Gautam Sen, an automobile analyst based out of France.
M&M is always interested and looking at M&A opportunities in the automotive space, said Goenka. "While we meet CEOs of international auto companies, it does not mean that it is always to discuss a deal or will lead to an alliance or acquisition. Sometime it is just to discuss the state of the industry and to compare notes."
Responding to an email seeking comment, Jonathan Goodman, executive vice present of corporate communications at PSA Peugeot, said the company is "entirely focused" on its turnaround and "we have no comment to make on any rumours".
Incidentally, a diesel engine made under licence from Peugeot, called XDP4.90, was the mainstay of Mahindra for a long while during the 1980s and 1990s. So it wouldn't be the first time that Mahindra has turned to the French carmaker for technology. That technology agreement expired a long back and "we have moved on with our own engines and transmissions", said Goenka.
Recent international reports indicate that one of Saab's potential saviours could be Mahindra.
National Electric Vehicle Sweden, a Chinese-run company seeking to revive Saab, recently lost the right to use the brand's name as it negotiates with potential investors on a revival plan.
The Indian company was keen on acquiring Saab in 2012, only to be beaten by the current owner. Saab didn't respond to an email seeking comment.
"Saab was a highly respected brand in both Europe and the US, and had a small, but strong following," said Sen. "So, picking up Saab and using the brand could be a good way for Mahindra to make some headway into these markets. Even Ssangyong has had problems getting anywhere in Europe as many consumers believe that it is a Chinese brand. So re-branding (and redesigning) Ssangyong and Mahindra products into Saabs may work, if quality and design can come up to the expectations of the typically discerning Saab enthusiast," he said. "Having said that, relaunching a brand as specific as Saab would not be that easy either."
Goenka said despite the fall in sales for the past eight-nine months, M&M will continue to stay the course on product development and other investments.
"While there are many speculations that come about on Mahindra's acquisition interests, we are careful in finding the right opportunities. We take our time so as it brings value in the long run."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why MTNL wants to sell 50% in MTL to BSNLMTNL keen to sell 50 per cent in Millennium Telecom to BSNL
Kalyan Parbat, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 03.20AM IST
Tags:
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd
(The proposal is aimed at…)
KOLKATA: Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Ltd has informed the telecom department it is keen to sell a 50 per cent stake in wholly-owned unit Millennium Telecom (MTL) to Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd to create an equally owned joint venture for delivering citizens' services as part of the Narendra Modi government's Digital India initiative.
The proposal is aimed at unlocking cost-efficiencies since Millennium Telecom will have a negligible licence fee payout obligation to the government as it's not a licensed telecom operator. MTNL or BSNL will have to fork out 8 per cent of annual revenue generated from the Digital India project as licence fees if either of them participate directly.
"We've offered a 50 per cent stake in our subsidiary to BSNL as we believe Millennium with its reduced tax burden will be more competitive than either its parent or BSNL to deliver low-cost citizens' services," an MTNL director told ET.
MTNL's plan to jointly pitch for the Digital India services mandate with BSNL comes ahead of the July 31, 2015, cut-off date that the Department of Telecommunications (DoT) has set for merging the two struggling state-run telecom companies in a bid to revive them. MTNL operates telecom services in Delhi and Mumbai while BSNL handles coverage in the rest of India.
In internal presentations to telecom secretary Rakesh Garg that ET has seen, MTNL said "it is in the company's and BSNL's long-term interest to develop MTL as an equally owned enterprise business company" for delivering citizen services under the Digital India project, which can put both struggling telecom companies "on the path of revival" based on the promise of sizeable fresh revenue streams.
Though Millennium Telecom plans to use the network infrastructure of MTNL and BSNL, such connectivity costs will be barely 25 per cent of the total price for delivering citizens' services as most of the costs would be IT-related.
Accordingly, any taxes payable to the government would be computed on only a fourth of Millennium's revenues from the Digital India project. The DoT has given in-principle approval to the 50:50 joint venture proposal, but an official acknowledgement from BSNL is awaited, said the MTNL official cited above.
A top BSNL executive said "the company is evaluating MTNL's stake offer in MTL". MTNL said it had communicated the internal valuation of its 50 per cent stake in Millennium Telecom to BSNL, but declined to provide details. Millennium Telecom, which was floated more than a decade ago by MTNL to offer value-added services, is currently involved in delivering cloud-based services to the National Highways Authority of India and building internal communication links for Air India, apart from driving digital literacy initiatives in Jammu & Kashmir.
If it gets the Digital India mandate, Millennium Telecom proposes to work with a battery of IT systems integrators and content developers to develop multi-lingual applications and content relevant for delivering citizens' services across the heath, education, banking and social services verticals, said another MTNL official aware of the matter.
The stakes are significant as Prime Minister Narendra Modi's flagship Digital India drive is tipped to create a Rs 92,000-crore annual revenue opportunity for BSNL and MTNL if they get the mandate to jointly deliver government services to the common man.
Both continue to reel under hefty losses. MTNL posted a Rs 733.2-crore net loss in the quarter to June while BSNL incurred a Rs 7,085-crore loss in 2013-14. The revenue projection is based on earning a flat Rs 25 per transaction from an estimated total of 10 crore citizens' service transactions a day by 2020, said an MTNL director familiar with the matter.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Super Six stocks you can bet on Sept 8Sep 08, 2014, 08.30 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Super Six stocks you can bet on September 8
Meghana V Malkan of malkansview.com advises buying Crompton Greaves with a target of Rs 235-242 and India Cements with a target of Rs 126-132.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Super Six stocks you can bet on September 8
Meghana V Malkan of malkansview.com advises buying Crompton Greaves with a target of Rs 235-242 and India Cements with a target of Rs 126-132.
Post your opinion here
Excerpts from Bazaar on CNBC-TV18 Watch the full show »
On CNBC-TV18's show Super Six, market gurus Vishal Kshatriya, Meghana V Malkan and Gaurav Ratnaparkhi share, place their bets on two stocks each, thus offering investors a variety of options to choose from. Investors can read into the detailed analysis before agreeing to any or all the bets.
Vishal Kshatriya of Edelweiss
Buy  Dishman Pharmaceuticals & Chemicals with a stoploss at Rs 160 and target of Rs 190
Buy  Credit Analysis and Research with a stoploss at Rs 1250 and target of Rs 1450
Meghana V Malkan of malkansview.com
Buy  Crompton Greaves with a stoploss at Rs 210 and target of Rs 235-242
Buy  India Cements with a stoploss at Rs 115 and target of Rs 126-132
Gaurav Ratnaparkhi of Sharekhan
Buy  Rural Electrification Corporation with a stoploss at Rs 268 and target of Rs 287
Buy  Siemens with a stoploss at Rs 831 and target of Rs 894
RELATED NEWS

GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares slip  China data fail to temper growth concernsGLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares slip  China data fail to temper growth concerns
Minister reiterates commitment to 24/7 powerHi Guest
Minister reiterates commitment to 24/7 power
Union Energy Minister Piyush Goyal reiterated on Sunday that his priority was to set right a 'crisis-ridden' sector.“Power outages are more of a norm than an exception,” he told a press conference. “(There’s) arbitrary coal block allocation and sub-optimal renewable energy generation.” Though some tried to get him to say something on opening coal mining to the private sector, something he’s indicated in the past as a needed step (as has the annual Economic ...

Asian shares tentative  sterling plungesAsian shares tentative  sterling plunges
Our bank is institutionalised  not family-run: YES Bank s MD & CEO Rana KapoorOur bank is institutionalised  not family-run: YES Bank s MD & CEO Rana Kapoor
Pinterest wants to pin India to its wallSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Nifty seen opening higher; may reclaim 8100 levelsDow Jones
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open higher on Monday following positive trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 8,100 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 28 points higher at 8,136 indicating positive opening on the domestic market.
Nifty index witnessed lows of 7984 before heading towards record highs of 8141.90 last week. The NIFTY finally closed the week at the 8086.85 levels with gain of 132.50 points.
Last week Nifty registered breakout from broadening top formation after making record highs of 8141.90. The sustained weekly gap up closing indicates an extension of a current bull run.
"Immediate support for the Nifty is placed around 8048 / 8000 followed by 7968 (weekly gap). Nifty holds an important support at 7968 levels. Till it continues to hold above these levels, the trend is likely to remain sideways to positive," said Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com.
"Cautious is advised below 7968 levels. Market will be in a stock and sector specific mode. In nutshell, market is not ready to go up as well as not ready to go down," he added.
Thacker is of the view that it is moving in narrow range with positive outlook. At this junction, the only way a trade can make money is to take position in Swing Calls.
On Friday, U.S. stocks ended higher lifting the S&P 500 to a fresh closing high, after a weaker-than-expected jobs report was taken as a sign that the Federal Reserve will not begin raising interest rates anytime soon.
"Fed officials have made it clear that they see the labor market as still struggling, which partially justifies keeping rates at rock-bottom levels," Reuters reported.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 67.78 points, or 0.4 percent, to 17,137.36. The S&P 500 was up 10.06 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,007.71. The Nasdaq Composite added 20.61 points, or 0.45 percent, to 4,582.90.
Asian shares were trading mixed. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.16 per cent higher at 15,692 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.54 per cent lower at 25,102.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Opening Bell: Here are key triggers for market todaySep 08, 2014, 08.04 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Opening Bell: Here are key triggers for market today
Wall Street reversed course to end in the green after a weak employment report eased fears of a change in stance by the fed at the upcoming FOMC meet; S&P 500 rose over half a percent to close at a fresh record. Moreover, Asia is mixed in morning trade.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Opening Bell: Here are key triggers for market today
Wall Street reversed course to end in the green after a weak employment report eased fears of a change in stance by the fed at the upcoming FOMC meet; S&P 500 rose over half a percent to close at a fresh record. Moreover, Asia is mixed in morning trade.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
In the US, stocks erased losses and rose on Friday, with benchmark indexes extending gains into a fifth week, as investors detoured around a surprisingly disappointing jobs report. All three markets recovered close to a 1 percent from lows.
And in Europe, European shares closed mostly lower as investors booked profit after the European Central Bank (ECB) announced a surprise trio of rate cuts on Thursday and as US non-farm payroll came in lower than expected.
In the currency space, sterling slumped to its lowest in nearly 10-months on Monday amid worries about political uncertainty after an opinion poll showed supporters of Scottish independence from Britain taking the lead for the first time since the referendum campaign began. It skidded nearly 1 percent.
In commodities, Brent crude slipped towards 100 dollars per barrel following weakness in US jobs data.
Back home, volatility on Dalal Street continued as it faces some resistance at higher levels. The 30-share BSE Sensex fell 59.23 points to close at 27026.70 while the 50-share NSE Nifty struggled for the second day to hold 8100 level but it could not, down 9.10 points to 8086.85. However, the broader markets outperformed benchmarks with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices rising 0.56 percent and 1.25 percent, respectively. ( Read more )
As the date for the Supreme Court's decision in the coal allocation case draws near, power minister said they will not interfere with court's decision. However, he makes it clear that they are not making a case for exemption for any player. On e-auction, he says govt is very clear that one company’s profits can't be more important than the greater good and a cut in Coal India 's e-auction volumes is almost a done deal.
In other news, floods in Jammu and Kashmir have left 138 people dead - and lakhs stranded. Prime Minister Narendra Modi who was in the state yesterday to review relief operations has called it a national disaster and has promised all help to the flood affected areas in Kashmir as well as Pakistan-occupied Kashmir.
RELATED NEWS

 Asian Shares Slip  China Data Fail to Temper ConcernsYou are here: Home Market
Asian Shares Slip, China Data Fail to Temper Concerns
Reuters | Updated On: September 08, 2014 08:51 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Fall Sharply As Fed Jitters Hit Global Markets Again
Tokyo:
Asian shares edged down on Monday, taking little comfort from mixed Chinese trade data, while sterling's decline after a poll showed rising support for Scottish independence helped bolster the dollar.
China's exports rose more than forecast in August while imports unexpectedly fell, pushing the trade surplus to a record high for the second consecutive month and underlining the challenges of sluggish domestic demand.
"The China data (strong exports, weak imports) shows that the global economy is recovering while the Chinese economy is showing a weaker-than-expected recovery," said Hikaru Sato, a senior technical analyst at Daiwa Securities.
Sterling shed 0.7 per cent to $1.6221 after sliding as low as $1.6165 in early trade, the lowest since last November and the biggest daily drop in eight months, after a poll showed the "yes" to Scottish independence campaign on 51 per cent against 49 per cent for the "no" camp.
Data on Friday showed US nonfarm payrolls grew by only 142,000 last month, far below the 225,000 forecast by analysts in a Reuters poll.
The downbeat jobs report suggested the Federal Reserve will hold off on hiking interest rates anytime soon, and helped the S&P 500 hit a fresh closing high.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.2 per cent, while the Nikkei stock average climbed about 0.2 per cent, shrugging off data that showed Japanese economy fell into a deeper hole in the second quarter.
Figures released before Tokyo opened showed Japan's economy shrank an annualised 7.1 per cent in April-June from the previous quarter, revised down from a preliminary 6.8 per cent contraction due to weaker-than-expected capital spending.
Indonesia's Jakarta Composite Index, meanwhile, hit a record high in early trading, besting the previous record set in May 2013.
In contrast to sterling's sharp moves, other major currencies were treading water. The dollar was steady on the day at 105.07 yen, remaining shy of its nearly six-year high of 105.71 touched on Friday.
The euro also steadied at $1.2952, holding above a 14-month low of $1.2920 hit last week in the wake of the European Central Bank's easing steps on Thursday.
Net short positions in the euro ballooned in the latest week ended September 2, rising to their largest in more than two years, according to data from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission released on Friday.
"The less extreme positioning in sterling and the looming Scottish referendum may mean that sterling lags behind the euro during the days ahead," Marc Chandler, global head of currency strategy at Brown Brothers Harriman in New York, said in a note to clients.
On the commodities front, spot gold was flat at $1,268.61 an ounce, well above a three-month low of $1,256.90 hit on Friday before the US jobs data.
Brent crude edged down 0.1 per cent to $100.70 a barrel, after having posted its third weekly drop in four weeks.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

PoK an integral part of India  PM Modi s decision to provide help to flood affected area welcome decWhat do you think of Realtime News?
Hi Guest
PoK an integral part of India, PM Modi's decision to provide help to flood affected area welcome dec
+      New Delhi, Sep 07 (ANI): Talking about Prime Minister Narendra Modi's step to provide relief assistance to the people of Pakistan occupied Pakistan, Security Expert Alok Bansal said that PoK is an integral part of India and that Modi's ...

PM Narendra Modi rewrites rules of protocolPM Narendra Modi rewrites rules of protocol
Attempted attack on Donetsk airport: UkraineAttempted attack on Donetsk airport: Ukraine
SC stays death sentence of Nithari killer KoliPrint
Koli was to be hanged on September 12 in Meerut jail, where he has been kept in a high-security barrack.
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 9:24 am | Updated: September 8, 2014 1:52 pm
Facing execution any time this week following issuance of his death warrant, Nithari rape and killing cases convict Surinder Koli got a fresh lease of life from the Supreme Court, which at 1.30 am on Monday stayed his hanging for a week.
A bench of Justices H L Dattu and Anil R Dave, in an order issued under extraordinary circumstances, stayed Koli’s execution in a special bench sitting at 1.30 am in the wee hours of Monday.
It was the same bench, which had on July 24, refused to stay the execution, while also rejecting Koli’s review petition against confirmation of his death penalty by the Supreme Court. The hearing of the review petition was done in chamber.
However, a week later, a Constitution bench of the Supreme Court passed a landmark verdict, ruling that review petition of convicts facing capital punishment warranted an open court hearing since the issue pertained to the right to life. The court also said that all such death row convicts, whose review petitions had been rejected in chamber hearings but their curative petitions were yet to be decided, could file their review petitions for open court hearings afresh.
Senior advocate Indira Jaisingh moved the court a day ago, seeking stay on Koli’s execution in view of the SC Constitution bench verdict, and the court agreed to halt the execution.
The mercy plea of 42-year-old Kohli has recently been rejected by President Pranab Mukherjee . On September 2, the trial court has issued his death warrant.
Koli, who killed and later axed children in Nithari locality of Noida in Uttar Pradesh, was awarded death sentence by a trial court, which was upheld by the Allahabad High Court. The Supreme Court confirmed it in February 2011 for the murder of a 14-year-old girl in 2005.
Holding that Koli, “appears to be the serial killer”, the court had said, “No mercy can be shown to him.”
A total of 16 cases were registered against Koli and his businessmen employer Moninder Singh Pandher (57), who was also sentenced to death in Rimpa Haldar case, but he was acquitted by the Allahabad High Court.
Out of 16 cases filed against Koli, he has been awarded death sentence in four of them so far and others are still under trial. Sisters Renukabai and Seema along with their mother and another accomplice Kiran Shinde, kidnapped 13 children between 1990 to 1996 and killed nine of them. However, the prosecution has been able to prove only five murders so far.

Indian drug makers eyeing Japanese marketYou are here: Home > Collections > Japan
Indian generic drug makers like Lupin, Dr Reddy’s Laboratories, Sun Pharma eye Japanese market
Raji Reddy Kesireddy, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 05.53AM IST
Tags:
Dr Reddy’s Laboratories
(In April, Lupin formed a…)
HYDERABAD: Indian generic drug makers are exploring all options to get a foot in the door to Japan's lucrative but difficult-to-crack $111-billion drug industry.
The penetration of generic drugs in Japan, the world's largest drug market after the US and Europe is a little more than 30 per cent compared with more 80 per cent in the US drug market . The Japanese government now wants to raise this share to 60 per cent by 2017 as it looks to make healthcare affordable.
According to analysts and experts, companies including Lupin, Dr Reddy's Laboratories, Sun Pharma, Glenmark , Shasun Pharma , Sami Labs and Aurobindo Pharma are making efforts to increase their business with Japan.
In April, Lupin formed a joint venture with Japan's Yoshindo for biosimilars. It is also in talks with other local drug makers for alliances. "The current JV with Yoshindo is focused on the clinical development of biosimilars in Japan," Vinod Dhawan, group president, AAMLA (Asia pacific, Africa, Middle East and Latin America) and business development at Lupin. "The JV opens the Japanese biosimilars market for Lupin. We are in constant discussion with several companies on various cooperation models."
Dr Reddy's is once again focusing on Japan after its joint venture with Fuji Film Corp ended last year. "We still continue to be interested in Japan. We are exploring all options. The priority is to get into the right plan to enter into the Japanese market. So the options for us are to seek a partner, acquire a company or do it organically," Dr Reddy's said in an email reply to ET's query on the company's plans. Of the $15 billion worth of drugs that India exported in 2013-14, shipment to Japan totalled about $120 million.
Also, most of it was in the form of APIs (Active pharmaceutical ingredients) and herbals. PV Appaji, director general of Pharmaceuticals Export Promotion Council said, "Ageing population, increasing healthcare cost have led the Japanese government to take a decision to encourage more generics, which can keep the government's expenditure low on public healthcare. There is a lot of interest for our APIs and herbals in Japan. We believe most of the Indian drug companies are looking at either partnering with the Japanese players or forging joint ventures to tap the foreign market."
According to the European Pharma Market Research Association, the over-65 population in Japan is expected to touch 29.1 per cent by 2020 and 38.8 per cent by 2050. Alok Dalal, vice-president research-healthcare at Motilal Oswal Securities said while Japan provides huge opportunity for Indian drug makers, the success rate of joint ventures with Japanese firms has been low.
"Japan has always been a high-opportunity market. But generic penetration is less than 30 per cent versus over 80 per cent for US and UK. The government is encouraging generic penetration but it is happening at a slow pace. Challenges include high cost of operations and higher lead times," Dalal said. "Acceptance of generics has also been a hurdle for the Japanese.
Indian companies have huge potential in Japan. However, they will have to find the right model to enter and establish themselves. They will also need to be patient as returns from this market will take time to come."
FEATURED ARTICLES

US air strikes target insurgents near Iraq s Haditha DamSep 08, 2014, 09.06 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
US air strikes target insurgents near Iraq's Haditha Dam
The leader of a pro-Iraqi government paramilitary force in western Iraq said the air strikes wiped out an Islamic State patrol trying to attack the dam - Iraq's second biggest hydroelectric facility that also provides millions with water.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
US air strikes target insurgents near Iraq's Haditha Dam
The leader of a pro-Iraqi government paramilitary force in western Iraq said the air strikes wiped out an Islamic State patrol trying to attack the dam - Iraq's second biggest hydroelectric facility that also provides millions with water.
Post your opinion here
 
US warplanes carried out five strikes on Islamic State insurgents menacing Iraq's Haditha Dam on Sunday, witnesses and officials said, widening what President Barack Obama called a campaign to curb and ultimately defeat the jihadist movement.
Obama has branded Islamic State an acute threat to the West as well as the Middle East and said that key NATO allies stood ready to back Washington in action against the well-armed sectarian force, which has seized expanses of northern Iraq and eastern Syria and declared a border-blurring religious caliphate.
Also read: Rooting out Islamic State won't be easy, says Obama
The leader of a pro-Iraqi government paramilitary force in western Iraq said the air strikes wiped out an Islamic State patrol trying to attack the dam - Iraq's second biggest hydroelectric facility that also provides millions with water.
"They (the air strikes) were very accurate. There was no collateral damage ... If Islamic State had gained control of the dam, many areas of Iraq would have been seriously threatened, even (the capital) Baghdad," Sheik Ahmed Abu Risha told Reuters.
The aerial assault drove Islamic State fighters away from the dam, according to a police intelligence officer in the vast western province of Anbar, a hotbed of Islamist insurgency.
The US military said in a statement that the strikes destroyed four IS Humvees, four IS armed vehicles, two of which were carrying antiaircraft artillery, an IS fighting position, one IS command post and an IS defensive fighting position. All aircraft left the strike areas safely, the Pentagon said.
The strikes were Washington's first reported offensive into Anbar since it started attacks on Islamic State forces in the north of Iraq in August.
Almost three years after US troops withdrew from Iraq and 11 years after their invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein, the war on Islamic State is drawing Washington back into the middle of Iraq's power struggles and bloody sectarian strife.
US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said the strikes on the Sunni Muslim insurgents had been carried out at the request of the Shi'ite Muslim-led central government in Baghdad.
“If that dam would fall into (Islamic State's) hands or if that dam would be destroyed, the damage that would cause would be very significant and it would put a significant, additional and big risk into the mix in Iraq,” Hagel told reporters during a trip to Georgia’s capital, Tbilisi.
OBAMA VOWS TO REPEL, DEFEAT ISLAMIC STATE
Obama said on the weekend he would explain to Americans this week his plan to "start going on some offense" against Islamic State. "We are going to be a part of an international coalition, carrying out air strikes in support of work on the ground by Iraqi troops, Kurdish troops, he said in an NBC TV interview.
"We are going to systematically degrade their capabilities. We're going to shrink the territory that they control. And ultimately we're going to defeat 'em."
The six-month-old battle for control of the Haditha Dam has been a rare case of cooperation between local Sunni tribes and the Shi'ite-led Iraqi military. The Juhayfa tribe in Haditha has a long-standing fight with the Islamic State, which split with its parent organization al Qaeda last year.
Anbar is complicated terrain for the Americans as they seek to root out Islamic State, since Sunnis fighting on behalf of the Baghdad government are the exception to the rule.
The large desert province, bordering Syria, Jordan and Saudi Arabia, has been at war with Baghdad since last December when then-Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki sent troops to raze an anti-government demonstrators' camp.
That sparked a tribal revolt against Maliki whom Sunnis accused of isolating them with indiscriminate arrests. Islamic State fighters took advantage of the chaos to muscle in and become the dominant force among Sunnis.
The fighting there, which has displaced 430,000 people since January, strengthened Islamic State ahead of its lightning blitz this summer across the north of Iraq, also threatening the semi-autonomous, Western-backed enclave of Kurdistan.
Thriving on Maliki's sectarian-motivated alienation of Sunnis, Islamic State committed wide-scale atrocities against Shi'ites, Christians and other non-Sunnis this summer as the Iraqi army imploded in the face of the insurgents' advance.
Since June, Islamic State has massacred hundreds of soldiers outside of Saddam's hometown, Tikrit, after capturing it, and killed a similar number of Yazidis and other religious minorities outside of Mosul, the north's biggest city.
Obama ordered air strikes in northern Iraq last month as Kurdish-controlled territory fell to the Islamic State and the capital of Iraqi Kurdistan looked in endangered.
Last weekend, U.S. warplanes carried out raids farther south in the province of Saluhuddin to break an Islamic State siege of the Shi'ite Turkmen town of Amerli.
RELATED NEWS

State support for job cuts boosts prospects of MAS planSep 08, 2014, 09.02 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
State support for job cuts boosts prospects of MAS plan
The job cuts - if they are followed through - would mark a departure from previous attempts to restructure the loss-making airline, which has for years operated with bloated staff numbers amid political pressure from unions.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
State support for job cuts boosts prospects of MAS plan
The job cuts - if they are followed through - would mark a departure from previous attempts to restructure the loss-making airline, which has for years operated with bloated staff numbers amid political pressure from unions.
Post your opinion here
 
The plan to save Malaysia Airlines (MAS) could succeed where past endeavours have failed because the government has finally put politics aside by agreeing to sweeping job cuts, people briefed on the restructuring told Reuters.
The job cuts - if they are followed through - would mark a departure from previous attempts to restructure the loss-making airline, which has for years operated with bloated staff numbers amid political pressure from unions.
Under the radical USD 1.9 billion overhaul unveiled last week, MAS said it would shed nearly a third of its 20,000 workforce after the airline was broadsided by two jet disasters this year.
Flight MH370 remains missing since it disappeared en route to Beijing in March and MH17 was shot down over Ukraine in July.
"Unfortunately, it took two crashes to make the government realise that sweeping changes were needed at MAS," said one of the people. "With the job cuts, MAS finally has a plan that has a chance of succeeding."
Both the sources declined to be identified as they were not authorised to speak to the media.
It is not the first time that MAS has announced a big job cull. In 2006, as then chief executive Idris Jala returned MAS to profitability by cutting costs, the airline announced that 6,500 jobs would go.
But those cuts were never implemented in full, partly due to opposition from the main labor union, which has close ties to the ruling United Malays National Organisation (UMNO), the party of Prime Minister Najib Razak.
UMNO often uses state firms like MAS as a tool to reinforce affirmative action policies favouring majority ethnic Malays over other races, a strategy that has helped keep it in power.
MAS has failed to turn a profit since 2010. One of the sources said that the union's ties to UMNO turned job cuts into an "unsurmountable political decision".
"The management were frustrated. They could not do anything," he added. "After MH370 and MH17, and with Khazanah planning to spend six billion ringgit of taxpayer money, the mandate is there."
The leader of the biggest MAS union declined to comment in detail on the latest plans for job cuts.
State investment fund Khazanah Nasional Bhd [KHAZA.UL], the majority shareholder in MAS, is spearheading the restructuring, which will also see the airline delisted from the local exchange by the end of the year.
Khazanah said it would invest in "re-skilling" those who lose jobs and pledged to set up a panel to improve often rocky relations between unions and management.
HIGHER FARES, SMALLER COMPANY
While a leaner workforce is key to turning the airline around, Khazanah has said the success of the restructuring plan also hinges on several other factors, including reducing MAS' network and fleet, and improving fare pricing.
The sources said MAS was likely to replace its ageing, fuel-guzzling fleet of Boeing 777 with newer Airbus A330s and the A350s to maintain medium-haul services, particularly within Asia.
The airline could also sell its six Airbus A380s, which it uses on services to London, Paris and Sydney, to stem the losses it makes on operating these jumbo jets.
"If they keep the six A380s, then I'm convinced they will never make money. In my view, that's the single biggest obstacle for them to make the yields positive," said Shukor Yusof, an analyst at Malaysia-based aviation consultancy Endau Analytics.
MAS is also expected to increase aircraft utilisation rates and staff productivity, which would help boost revenue while keeping a lid on costs, under Khazanah's plan.
Khazanah wants MAS' cost per average seat kilometre (CASK), an industry metric for cost efficiency, to be within 15 percent of low-cost carriers, on par with Gulf airlines like Emirates, and below regional competitors like Singapore Airlines Ltd and Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd.
Another way to boost revenue would be to stop dumping fares in the market, the sources said. MAS has recently adopted a strategy of pricing fares way below their competitors to increase passenger numbers at the expense of profitability.
One of the sources, however, said MAS has to be careful about raising fares too fast.
"Yes, MAS needs help and a lot of work. It will lose any remaining competitive advantage very quickly if the change happens too quickly," he added.
 

Pre-Market: 5 stocks to watchPre-Market: 5 stocks to watch
How you can insure your investments against major risksHow you can insure your investments against major risks
Asian markets mixed; Nikkei up  Hang Seng downAsian markets mixed; Nikkei up  Hang Seng down
Over $30 billion a year in dirty money leaves Brazil - studyOver $30 billion a year in dirty money leaves Brazil - study
Heavyweights lift markets higher; Sensex around 27 200SI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 10:33 AM IST
Sensex up over 180 points; ONGC up 2.6%
ONGC, RIL, HDFC Bank, ITC and TCS among the top gainers
Building on its opening gains, the benchmark indices extended gains with teh BSE benchmark index up 189 points at 27,215 and the Nifty gained 55 points to trade at 8,141. Earlier in the hour, the Nifty had scaled an all time high of 8.149.25.
There was profit booking visible in the Consumer Durables space. The respective index slipped 0.3%  and was the only sectoral index in red on the BSE.  _________________
(Updated at 1035 hrs)
Markets opened on a strong note with the benchmark indices up 0.5% each in opening deals. The gains were lead by names like ONGC, RIL, ICICI Bank and L&T.
At 0918 hrs, the Sensex as up 166 points at 27,193 and the Nifty hit a new high with the index scaling a high of 8,143.50 in the opening trades. The earlier high for the index was at 8,141.90.
The broader markets were upbeat with both the small and midcap indices up over 0.5% each.
All the sectoral indices started in the green. Oil & Gas index up 1% was the top sectoral gainer along with Bankex, Health Care and Power indices up over 0.7% each.
The only losers among Sensex-30 were auto majors Maruti and M&M down 0.5% and 0.2% and Coal India down 0.3%.
ONGC, GAIL, L&T, Cipla, Dr Reddys, ICICI Bank, TCS and SBI up 1-2% were the top gainers.
The market breadth was very positive on BSE. 1,182 stocks advanced while 376 stocks declined.
Asian Markets
 Asian shares edged down on Monday, taking little comfort from mixed Chinese trade data, while sterling's decline after a poll showed rising support for Scottish independence helped bolster the dollar.
China's exports rose more than forecast in August while imports unexpectedly fell, pushing the trade surplus to a record high for the second consecutive month and underlining the challenges of sluggish domestic demand.
 Data on Friday showed US nonfarm payrolls grew by only 142,000 last month, far below the 225,000 forecast by analysts in a Reuters poll.
The downbeat jobs report suggested the Federal Reserve will hold off on hiking interest rates anytime soon, and helped the S&P 500 hit a fresh closing high.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.2%, while the Nikkei stock average climbed about 0.2%, shrugging off data that showed Japanese economy fell into a deeper hole in the second quarter.
Indonesia's Jakarta Composite Index, meanwhile, hit a record high in early trading, besting the previous record set in May 2013.
 Advertisements

Sensex  Nifty fall from life-time highsEquity benchmarks Sensex and Nifty hit new life-time highs on Friday but retreated on profit-booking in blue chips, including ICICI Bank, Wipro and Tata Motors, to log their first drop in nine sessions.
The BSE Sensex ended down 145.10 points to end at 26,126.75 after surging to 26,300.17 intra-day.
The NSE Nifty in early trade hit record 7,840.9 but ended below the key 7,800 mark to close at 7,790.45, down 40.15 points.
Marked losses in counters like RIL, SBI, HDFC Bank and Infosys also weighed on the market sentiment.
Both the indices had gained about 5 per cent in the previous eight sessions, their longest in recent times.
The Sensex had gained 1,264.87 points while Nifty 376.45 points in this period, as overseas money chased encouraging corporate earnings. Receding fears about monsoon, uptick in macroeconomic data and the government’s reform push also contributed to the stupendous rally, said market analysts.

Head Technical & Derivatives Analysis Fortune Equity BrokerExpertise : Equity - Technical  , F&O 
Ashish Chaturmohta is a Chartered accountant. He has over 7 years of experience in research of derivative, Technical Research desk in private wealth Dept . He is well versed in research reports and making news articles. He has also rich experience in the areas of making regular media appearance on NDTV, ET now and Zee business,CNBC Awaaz. His last stint was with IIFL Wealth as Vice President.
ABOUT Ashish Chaturmohta
Ashish Chaturmohta is a Chartered accountant. He has over 7 years of experience in research of derivative, Technical Research desk in private wealth Dept . He is well versed in research reports and making news articles. He has also rich experience in the areas of making regular media appearance on NDTV, ET now and Zee business,CNBC Awaaz. His last stint was with IIFL Wealth as Vice President.

Rupee closes at one-month highmarket and exchange
Rising for the second day, the rupee on Thursday closed at one-month high of 60.36 paise, up 13 paise against the dollar on sustained selling of the US currency by exporters and some banks amid heavy capital inflows.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the local currency resumed better at 60.46 a dollar from previous close of 60.49 and immediately touched a low of 60.4950.
Later, it recovered and rallied to a high of 60.35 before concluding at 60.36, a rise of 13 paise or 0.21 per cent.
On Wednesday, it had gained 19 paise or 0.31 per cent. Thursday's closing level is the best since July 30 when rupee closed at 60.06.

Sensex  Nifty end lower; HDFC  Hero  BHEL major losersSep 05, 2014, 03.45 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty end lower; HDFC, Hero, BHEL major losers
Hero MotoCorp, HDFC, Coal India, BHEL and ICICI bank are top losers in the Sensex. Among the gainers are L&T, Bajaj Auto, SBI, Cipla and ONGC.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty end lower; HDFC, Hero, BHEL major losers
Hero MotoCorp, HDFC, Coal India, BHEL and ICICI bank are top losers in the Sensex. Among the gainers are L&T, Bajaj Auto, SBI, Cipla and ONGC.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 Market close
The market has once against ended lower. The Sensex was down 70.51 points at 27015.42 and the Nifty slipped 11.85 points at 8084.10. About 1689 shares have advanced, 1280 shares declined, and 118 shares are unchanged.
Hero MotoCorp, HDFC, Coal India, BHEL and ICICI bank are top losers in the Sensex. Among the gainers are L&T, Bajaj Auto, SBI, Cipla and ONGC.
03:00pm Info Edge QIP
The QIP committee of the company on Thursday has approved the preliminary placement document in connection with the QIP and decided to open the QIP issue on September 04.
"Accordingly the floor price in respect of the aforesaid QIP, based on the pricing formula as prescribed in under SEBI regulations, is Rs 766.89 per equity share," said the company in its filing. The stock gained more than 4.5 percent.
02:45pm JSW Steel in News
Shares of JSW Steel gained more than 2 percent on strong improvement in steel production in the month gone by. OP Jindal Group company has reported a 13 percent growth in crude steel production at 11.16 lakh tonnes, increased from 9.85 lakh tonnes in the year-ago period.
"Flat steel products grew by 7 percent to 8.8 lakh tonnes from 8.24 million tonnes and long steel products' growth was a whopping 53 percent in August at 1.96 lakh tonnes compared to 1.28 lakh tonnes in corresponding month of last year," said the company in its filing.
02:25pm Jaypee-RPower exclusivity pact likely to be extended
The exclusivity period of the pact for Reliance Power's proposed acquisition of Jaiprakash Associates' hydro power portfolio in a Rs 12,000 crore deal is likely to be extended by 60 days.
In one of the biggest deals in the power space, Anil Ambani Group firm Reliance Power in July announced that it had signed an initial agreement to acquire all the three hydroelectric power plants of Jaiprakash Associates Ltd. The deal would be worth about Rs 12,000 crore.
Investment banking sources said the exclusivity period of the agreed Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for the proposed deal is likely to be extended by 60 days.
The MoU between RPower and Jaypee Group was signed on July 27 and the exclusivity period was to end on September 25, reports PTI.
02:00pm Equity benchmarks remained under selling pressure amid consolidation in afternoon trade weighed down by private banks and auto stocks. The Sensex declined 47.40 points to 27038.53 and the Nifty fell 9.15 points to 8086.80.
The broader markets outperformed benchmarks with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices rising 0.7 percent and 1.1 percent, respectively. Advancing shares beat declining ones by a ratio of 1597 to 1239 on the BSE.
Sachin Shah, Fund Manager at Emkay Investment Managers believes the undertone for the market continues to remain buoyant on the back of good foreign insitutional investor (FII) flows and net buying from domestic mutuals funds.
There have been some positive signs on the macro front too like oil remaining subdued, some good quarterly results and government making right noises, which would keep up the buoyancy, says Shah.
State-run iron ore miner NMDC and realty major DLF topped the buying list in Nifty 50, up more than 4 percent followed by Jindal Steel, Asian Paints, ONGC, L&T and Bajaj Auto with 1-3 percent.
However, United Spirits dropped over 3 percent as Credit Suisse reduced its target price on the stock to Rs 2200 from Rs 2700 earlier and lowerd FY15-16 earnins per share estimates by 30-50 percent.
Shares of HDFC, Coal India, BHEL, NTPC, ICICI Bank, Tata Motors, Sun Pharma, Bharti Airtel, Hero Motocorp and Tata Power declined 1-2 percent.
13:00

Chairman Ican Investment AdvisorsExpertise : Equity - Fundamental 
Anil Singhvi, founder director IIAS and chairman Ican Investments Advisors, engaged in investment banking and corporate advisory  Anil Singhvi has over 30 years of experience in the corporate sector, of which 22 years were with Ambuja Cements Limited, including as its managing director   CEO. During his association, the company grew organically and inorganically, from being less than a million tonne to 17 million tonnes, spread over 10 locations.  He is also closely associated with SAMPARC an NGO that helps over 700 destitute children; it provides them shelter and a complete way of life. SAMPARC runs seven homes in the different part of the country.  He has been involved with the Foundation for Liberal and Management Education (FLAME) since its inception. FLAME imparts liberal arts education to undergraduate students; it also has a business school and a school of communication.  In addition he is on the Indian advisory board of Habitat for Humanity, an NGO involved with construction of Houses for needy and poor people.
ABOUT Anil Singhvi
Anil Singhvi, founder director IIAS and chairman Ican Investments Advisors, engaged in investment banking and corporate advisory  Anil Singhvi has over 30 years of experience in the corporate sector, of which 22 years were with Ambuja Cements Limited, including as its managing director   CEO. During his association, the company grew organically and inorganically, from being less than a million tonne to 17 million tonnes, spread over 10 locations.  He is also closely associated with SAMPARC ...

Research Analyst AnandRathiDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

Jaiprakash Associates tumbles 11 pct  Jaypee Infratech slips over 7 pctSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Amazon.com s retail practices in India come under scrutiny: WSJAmazon.com's retail practices in India come under scrutiny: WSJ
Amazon's retail practices in India come under scrutiny: WSJ
Amazon's retail practices in India come under scrutiny: WSJ
Amazon's retail practices in India come under scrutiny: WSJ
Reuters
Consumer Goods Industries
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Regulators in India are investigating whether Amazon.com Inc may have circumvented restrictions placed on foreign investors by selling directly to domestic consumers, The Wall Street Journal on Friday, citing unidentified sources.
The Indian Finance Ministry's Enforcement Directorate is looking into whether Amazon.com's local subsidiary may have sold directly to customers, but made it look as if the sales were made by other companies, the Journal report said, quoting two people familiar with the matter.

Petroleum Minister announces Rs 4 500-cr network expansion in OdishaPetroleum Minister announces Rs 4,500-cr network expansion in Odisha
PTI
Tweet
Bhubaneswar, Sept 5:  
Announcing a Rs 4,500-crore expansion plan for Odisha, Union Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan today said te petrol, diesel and LPG network would be expanded to benefit all consumers in the State.
After reviewing the work of Indian Oil Corporation, Hindustan Petroleum Corporation and Bharat Petroleum and their marketing networks in Odisha, Pradhan said the State has an LPG consumer base of 28 per cent of the population. This would be raised to 33 per cent this year and to 50 per cent of all households in three years.
At present the national average for the LPG consumer base is 60 per cent. His Ministry would work to bring Odisha on a par with national average, he said.
Pradhan said three new product pipelines would be constructed between Paradip-Ranchi, Paradip-Durgapur and Paradip-Raipur. The new pipelines would carry petroleum products to the most parts of the State.
The coast-centric LPG, petrol and diesel distribution network would be widened and expanded throughout the State to achieve the national average, the Union Minister said, adding the existing LPG distribution centre network of 404 would be raised to 750 in next three years.
Pradhan said new depots, product pipelines, LPG terminals and imported LPG terminals in Odisha would entail an investment over Rs 4,500 crore.
The Berhampur terminal would be modernised and a new depot would come up in Bhubaneswar. In addition, more depots would be opened in South and Western Odisha. The Balasore depot would be modernised under the new expansion plan, he said.
The Minister said LPG distribution centres would be established within a 15-km radius in all gram panchayats of Odisha.
He said the new expansion plan would create direct jobs for about 5,000 persons; over 10,000 people are currently employed in various petroleum projects of central oil companies in Odisha.
The Minister said the State had 1,449 petrol pumps at present. Within the next three years, 300 more petrol pumps would be added to the network.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)

Facebook  Ready to Spend Billions to Bring Whole World OnlineBanks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
Mexico City: Facebook Inc is prepared to spend billions of dollars to reach its goal of bringing the internet to everyone on the planet, chief executive Mark Zuckerberg said on Friday.
"What we really care about is connecting everyone in the world," he said at an event in Mexico City hosted by Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim.
"Even if it means that Facebook has to spend billions of dollars over the next decade making this happen, I believe that over the long term it's gonna (sic) be a good thing for us and for the world."
Around 3 billion people will have access to the internet by the end of 2014, according to International Telecommunications Union (ITU) statistics. Almost half that - 1.3 billion - uses Facebook.
Facebook, the world's largest social networking company, launched its Internet.org project last year to connect billions of people without internet access in places such as Africa and Asia by working with phone operators.
"I believe that ... when everyone is on the internet all of our businesses and economies will be better," Mr Zuckerberg added.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Intel  Fashion Accessory Retailer Fossil to Create Wearable TechYou are here: Home Corporates
Intel, Fashion Accessory Retailer Fossil to Create Wearable Tech
Reuters | Updated On: September 06, 2014 13:00 (IST)
Banks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
San Francisco: Chipmaker Intel Corp on Friday said it would work with watches and fashion accessory retailer Fossil Group to develop wearable computing devices.
The collaboration comes as Intel tries to expand beyond the personal computer industry into new markets, including tablets and a growing wave of smart-watches and other internet-connected garments.
As well as cooperating on technology-oriented fashion products, Fossil will help Intel's venture capital arm look for investments to accelerate innovation in wearable computing, Intel said in a statement.
Intel has also been working with design company Opening Ceremony to launch a fashion bracelet with semi-precious gems, communications features and wireless charging.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Accelya Kale Offers Revenue Accounting Solution to VuelingYou are here: Home Corporates
Accelya Kale Offers Revenue Accounting Solution to Vueling
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 06, 2014 14:04 (IST)
Mumbai: Accelya Kale Solutions Ltd on Friday said that Vueling, a Barcelona, a Spain-headquartered airline, has selected its Revera Next PRA passenger revenue accounting solution to support its growing passenger volumes and evolving business model.
Vueling operates more than 280 routes to over 131 cities in Europe, Middle East and Africa.
"Accelya is an expert in airline financial solutions and has been our service provider for sales audit, card management and interline billing. When we decided to go hybrid, we found Revera Next to be the best solution for our requirements", Vueling head of administration and revenue accounting Josep Mauri said in a statement in Mumbai.
Accelya will provide the solution to Vueling on a hosted model. It will also help the airline to seamlessly integrate Revera Next PRA with Navitaire Open Skies, which is the airline's passenger service system.
"Revera Next is perfectly suited to overcome these challenges of hybrid carriers. We are confident that it will support Vueling in its business transformation," Accelya Kale Solutions SBU head Neela Bhattacherjee said.
Story first published on: September 06, 2014 01:01 (IST)

Apple courts fashionistas as iWatch expectations mountSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Apple courts fashionistas as expectations mountPrint
Reuters | San Francisco | Posted: September 7, 2014 1:01 am
APPLE has invited top fashion editors and bloggers in unprecedented numbers to its Tuesday launch gala, further evidence that the iPhone maker is preparing to take the wraps off a smartwatch.
Apple is forging closer ties to the fashion world as it plots its foray into the fertile field of wearable technology, trying to win over a critical crowd that may prove crucial to the success of consumer gadgets worn around the body.
A smartwatch would represent chief executive officer Tim Cook’s first real new product since taking the baton from Steve Jobs. Several fashion media editors told Reuters they received invitations for the first time to an annual September product-launch, which they took as confirmation of a wristwatch in the wings.
“I assume it’s because they are unveiling a wearable,” said Lea Goldman, features and special projects director for Marie Claire magazine, a first-time invitee. “This suggests Apple is serious about tapping into the fashion world, which often sits on the sidelines.” Apple declined to comment.
The iPhone maker, known for its sleek aesthetic, has made overtures to the fashion press in the past. It typically opts to host a separate event in New York where editors meet the team and review products, two fashion editors say.
That courtship has grown more aggressive. Last month, the company hosted what it called a “first-of-its-kind event” at an Apple Store in New York to showcase fashion and retail apps to a group of style editors, according to an invitation seen by Reuters.
Fashion site Refinery29’s health and science director Kelly Bourdet said the decision to include fashion editors on the invite-list is a “nod to the fashion crowd.”
Apple seems poised to network with the who’s who of the industry. In the past year or two, it has hired Patrick Pruniaux, former vice president of Tag Heuer’s global sales and retail; Angela Ahrendts, former chief executive of Burberry Inc; and former Yves Saint Laurent CEO Paul Deneve joined as vice president of special projects.
It is not just Apple. From Google to LG Electronics and Intel, technology companies are beginning to forge fashion ties.

SpiceJet announces tickets for 599  1999 till Sept 10Comments
SpiceJet on Saturday launched two new slabs of competitive basic airfare rates, as other Indian carriers extended dates for booking low cost tickets over the past few days.
The low one-way base fare tickets of the no-frill carrier can be bought till September ten, costing Rs. 599 for travel between January 16-October 24 next year and Rs. 1,999 for travel between October seven this year and January 15, 2015.
For the Rs. 599 offer, taxes and other fees and charges, barring fuel surcharge, would be additional, but the Rs. 1,999 offer is all-inclusive.
"SpiceJet has been one of the main drivers of demand stimulation and market growth this year... This demand stimulation has been a win-win, with airlines earning more revenues, with travellers getting fantastic deals, and with the travel industry and economy at large getting a boost," airline's CEO Sanjiv Kapoor said.
The move of the no-frill carrier, which has been making such offers since January, comes in the wake of several foreign and Indian carriers vying with each other to attract Indian flyers by offering discounted tickets.
Air India, Jet Airways, IndiGo and GoAir have all come out with special offers in the recent past, with new airlines like Air Costa and AirAsia India also jumping on the bandwagon.

Best office decoration: Stock certificatesUltimate office decoration: Stock certificates
By Heather Long  @byHeatherLong September 6, 2014: 7:43 AM ET
A Disney stock certificate signed by Michael Eisner.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Peter Tuz has an easy way to illustrate the risks of investing to clients and junior employees. He simply walks them over to his wall.
In nice frames, the president of Chase Investment Counsel displays stock certificates from PlanetRx and ValueAmerica.
Remember those? They were Internet stocks that took off in the late 1990s -- PlanetRx traded close to $200 a share at one point. Today, they're worthless because the companies went bankrupt.
Beneath the ornate certificates, Tuz has charts that display the massive rise and fall of these two stocks during the Dot Com bubble.
"I just like to look at that," Tuz told CNNMoney. "It's a good way to point out to visitors here -- be careful what you buy in an IPO."
He's glad he never actually owned those stocks. He just purchased the "worthless" paper as a collector's item for a very reasonable cost.
Up until the past few years, investors would get stock certificates when they purchased shares of a company -- it was expected, like the toy that comes with a McDonald ( MCD )'s Happy Meal. But as trades moved online, the process of waiting for a certificate to arrive in the mail and getting it notarized for a sale became cumbersome.
Companies are no longer required to issue paper stock certificates. But it's big business to re-sell historical ones. It's become a hobby akin to collecting baseball cards or art.
It's a big market: Type in the words "stock certificate" on eBay ( EBAY , Tech30 ), and over 16,000 active listings come up in the U.S. alone.
"A lot of times people get certificates just as art work. You hope over time that it will appreciate, but you get it to put on your wall. It's a conversation starter," says Bob Kerstein, founder and CEO of Scripophily.com, a leading website that sells and values old stock and bond certificates.
Most certificates sell for $20 or less -- similar to buying a poster for your wall. But coveted ones can go for thousands of dollars. If you find some in an attic or old filing cabinet, it's worth checking to see if they can still be redeemed -- or sold as a piece of history.
The most popular ones: Much like art and baseball cards, the stock certificates that command top dollar are either extremely rare, very colorful and/or signed by someone well known.
A stock certificate from the 1998 Goldman Sachs IPO
Disney ( DIS ) is often in demand. The much beloved certificates have Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Tinkerbell, Winnie the Pooh and other famous cartoons on them.
In a blow to collectors, Disney stopped issuing paper certificates in October of 2013, joining the ranks of the 1,000 companies that no longer issue certificates, according to DTCC, a financial clearing and settling firm.
That's only added to the allure of the existing ones. On Scripophily.com, a Disney stock certificate signed by Michael Eisner when he was chairman is listed for $395.
Then there's the nude: Playboy also has special status as it was the only certificate bearing the image of a nude when the company went public in the early 1970s: a reclining Willy Rey, the magazine's Miss February 1971. It became such a novelty that there were about 14,000 people who bought just one share, according to a company spokesman.
Today collectors are drawn to tech names they recognize says Kerstein.
AOL ( AOL , Tech30 ) certificates and Microsoft ( MSFT , Tech30 ) ones signed by Bill Gates are also popular, as are the Goldman Sachs ( GS ) IPO notes.
Rockefeller stock rocks: The certificate that commands the most demand though is from a company that went defunct in 1911: Standard Oil. The reason is that one of America's most prominent businessmen -- John D. Rockefeller -- was the founder and chair of the company and signed the stock certificates.
Over a century later, people pay $2,000 or more for a piece of paper with his signature.
First Published: September 6, 2014: 7:43 AM ET
Join the Conversation

Jet Airways Offers Special Fares for Economy ClassYou are here: Home Corporates
Jet Airways Announces Two Special Fares for Economy Class
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 08, 2014 10:46 (IST)
Banks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
Mumbai: Domestic air carrier Jet Airways has announced special five-day fares for all passengers travelling in its economy class on the domestic network, effective September 7 to September 10.
One of the special all inclusive fares starting from Rs 1,999 is for travel period between October 7, 2014 to January 15, 2015, the airline said in a release.
Another 5-day special fare starting Rs 600, excluding taxes, is for travel period between January 16, 2015 to July 31, 2015.
The offer is valid for travel only on direct flights on the airline's domestic network.
The sale, which is available on first-come-first-serve basis, will not be applicable on group bookings, the release said.
Jet had last week too rolled out a special discounted ticket starting at Rs 500 for economy class travel, first for two days and then extended it for one more day, which ended on September 5.
The Mumbai-based airline had lowered its fare following budget carrier Spice Jet announcing Rs 499 fare for its domestic flights and the move was later copied by other airlines.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 10:46 (IST)

Showtime For Apple: Big Phones and High ExpectationsBanks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
San Francisco:
It has been four years since Apple Inc introduced a completely new gadget and the pressure is on for the world's largest tech company to wow at its "special event" in Cupertino, California, on Tuesday.
Apple has fed the high expectations, with promises by executives that the company's best product pipeline in 25 years is being readied inside its secretive facilities. That's a high bar for a company whose hits include the modern, graphic-based personal computer, the smartphone, the iPod and the tablet PC.
Those now ubiquitous gadgets were created under the innovative and famously meticulous eye of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs, who died in 2011. When chief executive officer Tim Cook takes the stage on Tuesday, technology aficionados, investors and rivals will be watching closely to see whether Jobs' handpicked successor inherited the magic touch or whether Apple's winning streak is coming to an end.
"We think Apple's pipeline is finally going to satisfy those who have wondered if the company has any new products. The stock price has been rallying as investors are beginning to believe that Tim Cook all along was telling the truth that there is an incredible pipeline of products," said Michael Yoshikami, CEO of Destination Wealth Management.
In the last five years, the period beginning July 1 has been the most fruitful for holders of Apple shares, with an average price gain of about 22.5 per cent, compared with 11 per cent gains seen in the first half of the last five years.
Below are some of the key products and features to look out for at Apple's big event on Tuesday:
iWatch?: Rumors of an Apple smartwatch go back several years, but Tuesday may finally be showtime. The watch, which will reportedly have a flexible screen and come in two sizes, will track its wearer's health and fitness, double as an electronic wallet and of course, display messages.
The watch is not likely to go on sale until sometime in 2015 and Apple may not even reveal its price on Tuesday. But with rivals such as Google Inc and Samsung Electronics Co already entering the smartwatch market, tech-watchers are anxious for Apple to show its cards.
"The market has been waiting for Apple's product as the real category-defining product," said FBN Securities analyst Shebly Seyfari.
iPhone 6: Smartphones are Apple's bread-and-butter, representing more than half of its revenue, and the company is expected to introduce a pair of new models with bigger screens, a sleeker design and wireless payment capabilities. The iPhone 6 will be available with 5.5-inch or 4.7-inch screens, a step up from the current models' 4-inch screens. There is also speculation that some phones will boast extra-tough screens made from scratch-resistant sapphire material.
Mobile Wallet: Apple has reportedly struck deals with major credit card providers Visa Inc, MasterCard Inc and American Express Co. The partnerships, as well as a special communication chip within the new iPhone and smartwatch, would allow consumers to use their gadgets at stores to buy everything from coffee to blue jeans - changing the shopping experience and extending Apple's reach from the Web to real-world commerce.
Health: Apple's launch of the "HealthKit" data service earlier this year made it clear that it sees its products helping consumers manage personal health information. By incorporating the HealthKit service into the iPhone 6, and by packing its smartwatch with sensors capable of monitoring physical movements and heart rates, Apple could lay the groundwork for a broader push into mobile healthcare.
One More Thing? Apple's Jobs was famous for surprising fans with unexpected products at the end of his presentations. Could Cook preserve the tradition with a peek at a long-awaited Apple television, a rumored bigger iPad or a completely unexpected product?
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Jet Airways announces two special fares for Rs 600  Rs 1 999 for economy classUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Mumbai: Domestic air carrier Jet Airways has announced special five-day fares for all passengers travelling in its economy class on the domestic network, effective on Saturday to September 10. One of the special all inclusive fares starting from Rs 1,999 is for travel period between October 7, 2014 to January 15, 2015, the airline said in a release.
Another 5-day special fare starting Rs 600, excluding taxes, is for travel period between January 16, 2015 to July 31, 2015. The offer is valid for travel only on direct flights on the airline's domestic network. The sale, which is available on first-come-first-serve basis, will not be applicable on group bookings, the release said.
Jet had last week too rolled out a special discounted ticket starting at Rs 500 for economy class travel, first for two days and then extended it for one more day, which ended on September 5.
Another 5-day special fare starting Rs 600, excluding taxes, is for travel period between January 16, 2015 to July 31, 2015.
The Mumbai-based airline had lowered its fare following budget carrier Spice Jet announcing Rs 499 fare for its domestic flights and the move was later copied by other airlines also.

Layout permissions to go online in APLayout permissions to go online in AP
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept. 7:  
The Andhra Pradesh Government will soon give online permissions for construction of houses and buildings. It will deploy relevant GPS (global position system) solutions to give permissions not later than a week.
With a view to ensuring transparency in the functioning of Town Planning Department, the Municipal Administration Ministry will link the permissions with GPS information solutions.
At a review meeting held here on Sunday, Municipal Administration Minister P Narayana said the officials should evolve a plan to reduce the time lags in clearing the applications that seek permissions for layouts and construction.
“We will take a serious view on allegations of corruption and delays,” he said, according to a statement from the government.
(This article was published on September 7, 2014)
Related
TOPICS
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Most Popular

Work for development of villages: Smriti Irani to higher educational institutionsSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Reservation is needed till inequality in society: RSSSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

HPCL to soon meet Rajasthan officials on Barmer refinery issueSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

The tyranny of the text bubbleSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Linda Greenhouse on Noel CanningBy Nicholas Quinn Rosenkranz September 7 Follow @profnqr
Linda Greenhouse writes of the Supreme Court’s Noel Canning decision ( “Tragedy or Triumph,” New York Times, Sept. 3 ): “Only an inside-the-Beltway commentariat, infected by a toxic politic atmosphere that obliterates all nuance, could have construed the decision as a defeat — thus enabling the Republicans’ effort to sweep the decision up into their false ‘presidential power grab’ narrative.”
This is simply bizarre. What the Supreme Court held — unanimously — in Noel Canning is that President Obama exceeded his power and violated the Constitution by making recess appointments that he had no constitutional authority to make.
Obama used to be president of the Harvard Law Review. He purports to be something of a constitutional scholar. And he has sworn an oath to “preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States.” Yet, in this case ( as in several others ), the Obama administration violated the Constitution and then offered constitutional justifications for its actions that failed to persuade any Justice — not Kagan, not Ginsburg, not Sotomayor, nobody. Again, the Noel Canning opinion was a clear and unanimous declaration that Obama violated the Constitution.
Greenhouse knows all this — none of it is in dispute — and yet she insists that the “decision was a major victory for the president.” This sounds almost like Baghdad Bob , with his through-the-looking-glass commentary on the Iraq war — another glorious victory for President Hussein! Greenhouse is usually much better than this. But, in this case, surely it is her account that is “infected by… politic[s]” in service of a “false … narrative.”

Whos Who of Indian It to cherry-pick the trailblazersSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Huge strategies by pharma companiesMudar Patherya |  Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 12:46 AM IST
Huge strategies by pharma companies
The number of strategies employed by diverse Indian pharmaceutical companies are as numerous  as the companies themselves.Some pharma companies select to work with efficiency in the volume-driven active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) space, perfectly happy with thin margins because it keeps competition out. Others focus on research-intensive niche complex formulation spaces without back-ended integration.  And there are others and others.From the various pharma companies, whose strategies  one
The number of strategies employed by diverse Indian pharmaceutical companies are as numerous as the companies themselves.
Some pharma companies select to work with efficiency in the volume-driven active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) space, perfectly happy with thin margins because it keeps competition out. Others focus on research-intensive niche complex formulation spaces without back-ended integration. And there are others and others.
From the various pharma companies, whose strategies one has studied to appraise whether the stock is buyable or not, the recurring theme has been a prudent avoidance of resource-depleting litigation related to patent defence and process non-infringement. This strategy has been justified on the grounds that most Indian companies do not possess the scale or the surplus to engage in expensive litigation, so better to conserve resources and make the business sustainable.
The one maverick (too strong a word?) company that has looked this theory in the eye has been the Hyderabad-based Natco Pharma.
The doctor would have indicated that in the early years it would have been easier growing one's presence in large industry segments; Natco selected to enter niche complex therapeutic areas instead.
The doctor would have indicated that perhaps it may have been easier marketing products in unregulated markets; Natco graduated to demanding regulated markets instead.
The doctor would have recommended that the company gun for small opportunities corresponding to its aukaat; Natco positioned itself for mega opportunities which can potentially transform its destiny within quarters.
The one area where the company's contrarian spirit is most easily visible is its preference for litigation-intensive processes and spaces. Most companies avoid litigation; Natco embraces it. Most companies are intimated by litigation; Natco sees opportunities within.
Natco is usually engaged in 15-20 litigations at any time, transforming risk into opportunity through various initiatives. One, Natco has engaged with larger partners (Mylan and Lupin) with a deep insight into global procedures and protocols to guide its litigation strategy. Two, Natco has de-risked itself through an arrangement whereby the litigation expenses are borne completely by the larger partners in exchange for a share of the profits that could accrue following successful litigation. Three, Natco is using these opportunities to enrich its own understanding of litigation processes across international geographies.
The strategy is paying off. The upside from favourable orders far outweigh the downsides arising out of unfavourable decisions. In the event of the latter, Natco's pipeline (17 flanking products) enjoys Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA) filings at various approval stages, which ensures periodic revenue growth waiting for the huge upside.
The scorecard: Natco won 17 litigations in recent years , the most significant being pulling off the first compulsory licence from Bayer for its patent-protected anti-cancer drug Nexavar in a landmark judgment by India's patent office in March 2012. Besides, despite global pharma giants blocking Natco's attempts to genericise Copaxone, Natco's United States (US) marketing partner Mylan filed an ANDA for a three-times-a-week generic Copaxone which has been accepted by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
What I like about this story is that this represents the face of the modern India - knowledge-driven, self-assured and best of all, willing to stake out for the big game.
This then is a Rs 756 crore company (revenues, 2013-14) gunning for potential multi-year revenues a number of times its present size.
Only one adjective goes for companies like these. Spunky.
The author is a stock market writer, tracking corporate earnings and investor psychology to gauge where markets are not headed
 Advertisements

Ten stocks in focus in Monday morning tradeYou are here: Home > Collections
Ten stocks in focus in Monday morning trade
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 8, 2014, 08.11AM IST
Tags:
Bharti Airtel Ltd
(Indian markets are expected…)
NEW DELHI: Indian markets are expected to trade in a range on Monday, tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets and SGX Nifty.
"Nifty closed on a negative note on Friday but I won't call that a selloff. We are seeing some corrections at higher levels and stock-specific moves," said Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth.
"You have got stocks which are outperforming and are making new highs at the same time. So in that sense the view still remains bullish," he added.
Wagle is of the view that 8,000 on Nifty will act as a very strong support and once we are above 8150 levels, the index may see 8250 levels.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
Tata Power Ltd: Tata Power Delhi Distribution has paid a dividend of about Rs 125 crore to its shareholders, the Delhi Government and Tata Power.
Cipla Ltd: Pharma major Cipla today said it will acquire two manufacturing units from its contract manufacturer Okasa for Rs 100.93 crore.
Reliance Industries Ltd: The venture capital arm of Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) has tied up with Microsoft to launch a start-up accelerator, which kicks off its first batch next month.
Sesa Sterlite Ltd: Sesa Sterlite said its Board has approved an enabling resolution for raising its borrowing limit by over 33 per cent to Rs 80,000 crore.
Bharti Airtel Ltd: Bharti Airtel is expected to reach an agreement on the sale of its telecom towers in Nigeria for more than $1 billion within the next three weeks. American Tower Company (ATC) is believed to be leading the race to buy the 4,000 towers, followed by IHS Towers, said a person aware of the status of talks.
DRL, Sun Pharma: Indian generic drug makers are exploring all options to get a foot in the door to Japan's lucrative but difficult-to-crack $111-billion drug industry.
Maruti Suzuki Ltd: In a setback to the government's "Make In India" drive, Maruti Suzuki has been compelled by the Haryana government to stop all construction work on a facility at Rohtak that was to develop and test cars for India and the world, the first such unit being set up outside Japan by the local auto maker's parent, Suzuki Motor.
M&M Ltd: Mahindra & Mahindra is looking to strengthen its global presence even as its sales have been shrinking in the local market, and industry experts say alliances with global auto majors could play a key role.
ONGC: Reversing the plans of the previous management, the new brass at the oil and gas producer ONGC has ruled out taking any of its five JVs, especially its power venture in Tripura and petchem venture OPAL, and also its sole subsidiary ONGC Videsh, public or exiting them.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BJP leader Yogi Adityanath makes hate speech againBJP leader Adityanath makes hate speech again
Vinod Rajput , Hindustan Times  Noida, September 07, 2014
First Published: 21:35 IST(7/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:31 IST(8/9/2014)
Comments
Yogi Adityanath, Bharatiya Janata Party’s lead campaigner for the by-polls in Uttar Pradesh, made yet another controversial statement on Sunday as he blamed people of a minority religion for the state’s recent communal tensions.
“There have been 450 riots cases in West UP in two-and-a-half years of Samajwadi Party because the population of a particular community is rising manifold. Why there are no riots in Eastern UP? you can easily understand,” he said during a rally in Noida.
"In places where there are 10 to 20% minorities, stray communal incidents take place. Where there are 20 to 35% of them, serious communal riots take place and where they are more than 35%, there is no place for non-Muslims," the Lok Sabha member said.
Read: Adityanath must not be allowed to hijack BJP’s growth agenda
Adityanath, elected a Parliamentarian from Uttar Pradesh’s Gorakhpur in the May elections, has made similar comments in the past. "In places where there are 10 to 20% minorities, stray communal incidents take place.
Where there are 20 to 35% of them, serious communal riots take place and where they are more than 35%, there is no place for non-Muslims," he had said during a television news programme.

J&K floods: Death toll crosses 150  lakhs stranded; Army  IAF  NDRF lead rescue operationsUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Srinagar: Floods in Jammu and Kashmir have claimed over 150 lives and have left lakhs of people stranded. Many locals are still stranded on rooftops in Jammu. Communication lines are down, power cuts in many parts of the valley.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who was in the state on Sunday to review relief operations, has called it a national disaster and has promised help to the flood affected areas in Kashmir as well as Pakistan-Occupied Kashmir. He also announced an assistance of Rs 1,000 crore to the state.
"I assure the people of Jammu and Kashmir that the whole country is with them. This is a national level disaster. All the tourists will be sent to Pathankot by the sorties going back. The situation is also the same in PoK. We will help people in the PoK area as well," Modi said.
More than half of Srinagar including the Civil Secretariat and the historic Lal Chowk are under water. Over 300 patients are stranded at the GB Pant hospital. There could be some relief with the Met department predicting better weather in the next 24 hours.
Massive rescue operations by the Army and the Air Force continue as 130 Army columns have been deployed. They have rescued nearly 15,000 people while 50 Army medical teams have also been deployed to provide medical assistance in flood affected areas. Six NDRF teams equipped with boats and other flood relief equipment have been directed to Srinagar and Avantipur.
"I am thankful to the services rendered by the Army, Air Force, police and administration. They have done commendable work," Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah said.
The Army's engineering wing rescued nearly 100 people in the Nowgam area and in Pulwama, where an Army boat on a rescue mission capsized, seven of nine people were saved.
The Jammu and Kashmir police too saved nearly 5,000 people. The NDRF and Air Force teams are reaching out to interior regions where road links have been cut off.
The forces still have a daunting task ahead of them. Nearly 25,000 villages are partially under water while more than 450 villages have been totally submerged. The Air Force teams are hoping skies will clear out so that they can fly sorties while the ground troops make a push for rescue, relief and rehabilitation.
Helpline numbers:
New Delhi J&K House (011)-24611210 and 24611108
Srinagar-0194-2452138

Telecom dept may offer 4G spectrum in next a...You are here: Home > Collections
Telecom department may offer 4G spectrum in next auctions
Anandita Singh Mankotia, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 03.14AM IST
Tags:
3G
(This comes in the wake of…)
NEW DELHI: The telecom department may offer 4G airwaves across the country in the forthcoming auctions and will soon seek the regulator's recommendation on the reserve price of both 3G as well as 4G spectrum.
This comes in the wake of the finance ministry asking the Department of Telecommunications to explore the feasibility of 4G auctions and expedite negotiations with the defence ministry for freeing up 3G airwaves. The government had earned Rs 1.06 lakh crore in 2010 from the sale of 3G and BWA spectrum.
While the government will have enough airwaves for one operator to be able to buy 4G spectrum across the country, the prospect of pan-India 3G auctions looks uncertain since the defence ministry hasn't yet agreed to swap airwaves with DoT, according to the contents of an internal communication reviewed by ET.
Owing to the surrender of 4G airwaves by Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd and Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Ltd , the government has 20 MHz block across 19 of the 22 circles in the 2.3 GHz frequency. It also has two additional blocks of 4G spectrum across eight service areas in the 2.5 GHz band. The latter is not considered an efficient 4G band, which is why the public sector telecom companies surrendered it.
However, the DoT currently has a block of 3G spectrum only in the three circles where STel surrendered its frequencies after its permit was quashed by the Supreme Court in 2012. STel had won 5 MHz of 3G spectrum in Himachal Pradesh, Odisha and Bihar in the 2010 spectrum auctions. According to a senior DoT official, the prospect of a 3G auction looks bleak.
While negotiations with the defence ministry were on, some domestic equipment manufacturers are believed to have filed a case against the government for sourcing electronic equipment for a defence network from overseas vendors citing the Preferred Manufacture Access (PMA) clause, which could cause further delays.
The PMA mandates preferential access to domestic manufacturers in providing electronic equipment for government use. However, the MoU between the two ministries clearly states that the alternative defence network to be constructed by the telecom department must source electronic equipment from an experienced vendor.
The government has already earmarked about Rs 9,000 crore from sales of 1800 and the 900 MHz airwaves that are scheduled to be auctioned in February. It also expects another Rs 5,000 crore as possible receipts from the sale of 3G airwaves, provided it can swap the airwaves with defence.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Morning Bets:  BUY  or  SELL  ideas from experts for MondayYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
'BUY' or 'SELL' ideas from experts for Monday, 08 September 2014
ET Now Sep 8, 2014, 08.29AM IST
Tags:
Ashwani Gujral
(ET Now spoke to various experts…)
NEW DELHI: Indian markets are expected to trade in a range on Monday tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
GATI Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 174 and a stop loss of Rs 152
Mahindra Ugine Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 525 and a stop loss of Rs 450
Gujarat Flurochemicals Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 610 and a stop loss of Rs 555
Biocon Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 525 and a stop loss of Rs 490
Kesoram Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 135 and a stop loss of Rs 115
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Crompton Greaves Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 235 and a stop loss of Rs 210
MOIL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 332 and a stop loss of Rs 302
Hindustan Zinc Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 180 and a stop loss of Rs 168.75
SPARC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 228 and a stop loss of Rs 204
National Aluminium Company Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 70 and a stop loss of Rs 60
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
NMDC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 197 and a stop loss of Rs 181
Wockhardt Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 890 and a stop loss of Rs 750
Coromandel International Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 332 and a stop loss of Rs 276
National Aluminium Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 73 and a stop loss of Rs 60
Bajaj Auto Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2440 and a stop loss of Rs 2300
Vijay Bhambwani, Author and CEO at bsplindia.com
Colgate Palmoilve India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1600 and a stop loss of Rs 1520
Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1125 and a stop loss of Rs 1055
Manav Chopra, Tech Analyst at Nirmal Bang Securities
Biocon Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 530 and a stop loss of Rs 490
NTPC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 150 and a stop loss of Rs 140
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cipla to acquire two units for Rs100 croreYou are here: Home > Collections > Goa
Cipla to acquire two units in Goa and Maharashtra for Rs100 crore
PTI Sep 5, 2014, 06.58PM IST
Tags:
Cipla Ltd
(Entities controlled by…)
NEW DELHI: Pharma major Cipla today said it will acquire two manufacturing units from its contract manufacturer Okasa for Rs 100.93 crore.
The acquisition will be carried out through the company's wholly owned subsidiary Medispray Laboratories . The decision was approved by Cipla board at its meeting held today.
"A significant portion of the capacities of the two undertakings are dedicated for the manufacture of Cipla's products. Acquisition of the aforesaid undertakings is expected to yield operational synergies," Cipla said in a filing to the BSE.
The consideration for the above two transactions are Rs 29 crore and Rs 71.93 crore respectively, it added.
"The first manufacturing facility located at Goa is owned by Okasa Pvt Ltd and the second manufacturing facility located at Satara ( Maharashtra ) is owned by Okasa Pharma Pvt Ltd ," the filing said.
Entities controlled by relatives of the promoters hold majority interest in the companies, which own the aforesaid undertakings, it added.
Price Waterhouse & Co. LLP and Kotak Mahindra Capital have valued the transactions.
Shares of Cipla Ltd today closed at Rs 557.30 per scrip on the BSE, up 1 per cent from their previous close.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Make your Presence Powerful with Nissan TerranoSep 08, 2014, 11.07 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Make your Presence Powerful with Nissan Terrano
The car comes in diesel (1.5-litre with two power outputs – 85PS and 110PS) and petrol variants (1.6-litre – 104PS) which deliver a fuel efficiency of 20.45kmpl, 19.01 kmpl and 13.24 kmpl respectively.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Make your Presence Powerful with Nissan Terrano
The car comes in diesel (1.5-litre with two power outputs – 85PS and 110PS) and petrol variants (1.6-litre – 104PS) which deliver a fuel efficiency of 20.45kmpl, 19.01 kmpl and 13.24 kmpl respectively.
Post your opinion here
 
Nissan Terrano is the latest sleek SUV to have come out of the Nissan stable. Nissan is an automaker which is a global pioneer when it comes to SUVs like Patrol, Pathfinder et al. Before we start talking about its performance, we must tell you that as far as appearance goes, it’s a stunner all the way. From 4-pod head-lamps that look strikingly beautiful to split tail-lamps that ooze style, the Terrano is a winner in the looks department. The uber-looking Diamond-cut alloy wheels definitely warrant a second look from the people around. What’s more is that the styling around the SUV’s fog lamps is something that is sure to grab your attention.
Style, with substance
The SUV’s style-quotient extends to its spacious interiors as well. The second row is foldable to extend the boot space to store your weekend getaway luggage.  The inside of the Terrano is mostly beige (however the base trim has black interiors). Its steering wheel has silver-finish inserts giving it a uber-stylish look while the air-conditioner vents have been squared off. The Terrano’s audio system has a CD player, aux-in, USB as well as Bluetooth connectivity. The storage space on top of the dash has a lid.
The car comes in diesel (1.5-litre with two power outputs – 85PS and 110PS) and petrol variants (1.6-litre – 104PS) which deliver a fuel efficiency of 20.45kmpl, 19.01 kmpl and 13.24 kmpl respectively.  The base and mid-spec trims come with stylish wheel caps, while the top variants come with the ultra-stylish Diamond-cut alloy wheels.
Performer all the way
The Terrano not only looks sturdy, but it performs equally well when you drive it too. Be it rough terrains or pothole-ridden roads, you can negotiate your way with astounding ease. When in a Terrano, you can be assured of a smooth, safe and comfortable ride no matter how the road is. That’s not all. High speed or regular speed notwithstanding, the Terrano never loses its stability. You can go for a leisure drive or cruise on the highway – in either case the SUV performs brilliantly. Thanks to its direct steering, the driver always feels in control of the vehicle. And the good thing is, Terrano’s petrol version is as good as its diesel one.
Be it getting away from the maddening crowds of the city during weekends or driving to work everyday minus the hassles of potholes and bad roads -- Nissan Terrano is that perfect vehicle you have been looking for. High on safety features and performance and stylish and impressive in appearance, it is sure to add that extra sparkle to your garage. What’s more is that it’s an affordable SUV. The price ranges from Rs 9.47 lakh to Rs 12.30 lakh depending on the variant you choose.
So, when are you setting the roads ablaze with your Nissan Terrano?
To book a test-drive log on to: www.Nissan.in or call 1800 209 3456(toll free)
RELATED NEWS

Obama to reveal strategy to tackle ISIS threat on WednesdayPress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 8, 2014 9:14 am
President Barack Obama will on Wednesday announce the US’ strategy to tackle the threat posed by ISIS, the terrorist outfit which has gained control over a large part of Iraq and Syria, and has brutally killed two American journalists in recent past.
“On Wednesday I’ll make a speech and describe what our game plan is going to be going forward. But this is not going to be an announcement about the US ground troops. This is not the equivalent of the Iraq War,” Obama told NBC’s “Meet the Press” in an interview.
“What this is… is similar to the kinds of counter terrorism campaigns that we’ve been engaging in consistently over the last six-seven years,” he said.
Obama said the entire international community understands that ISIS was something that has to be dealt with.
“So what I have done over the last several months is first and foremost make sure that we’ve got eyes on the problem, that we shifted resources, intelligence, reconnaissance, we did an assessment on the ground,” he added.
The US President said that in an important second step he ensured protection of American personnel, embassies and consulates.
“That included taking air strikes to ensure that towns like Erbil were not overrun, critical infrastructure like the Mosul Dam was protected,” said the US President.
Obama would meet the congressional leaders on Tuesday.
“I am going to be asking the Congress to make sure that they understand and support what our plan is. And it’s going to require some resources, I suspect, above what we are currently doing,” Obama said.

Italian marines pressurised Captain to cover upItalian marines pressurised Captain to cover up
Rajesh Ahuja , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 08, 2014
First Published: 00:28 IST(8/9/2014) | Last Updated: 08:32 IST(8/9/2014)
Comments
Two Italian marines accused of shooting dead two Indian fishermen allegedly tried to cover their tracks after the incident by pressurising the captain of their vessel Enrica Lexie to generate a report for international maritime security organisations that claimed the fishermen were armed and that’s why they opened fire, sources told HT.
“The captain of Enrica Lexie generated an email report after the shooting incident on February 15, 2012 which claimed that six of the fishermen on Indian boat St. Antony were armed. But Indian investigators found all 11 fishermen on board the Indian boat St. Antony were unarmed. There was no weapon on the boat,” said a home ministry official requesting anonymity.
According to details available to HT, the email was sent to a marine security organisation for further transmission to International Maritime Organisation, which is a United Nations agency for improving maritime safety.
“But when the National Investigation Agency (NIA) during its probe into the case, questioned the Italian captain of ‘Enrica Lexie’, he denied being a witness to the incident of shooting and claimed that he generated the email under pressure from the accused marines. The plan was to show Indian fishermen as pirates,” said the official.
The NIA declined to offer comment for the story with an agency spokesperson saying: “We will submit our chargesheet in the trial court once all issues regarding to the case are settled in the Supreme Court.”
During the shooting by the Italian marines — Massimiliano Latorre and Salvatore Girone —who were deployed on ‘Enrica Lexie’ to keep it safe from pirates, two of the fishermen died as they were navigating the boat and thus standing. The rest remained unhurt as they were sleeping.

UK Crackdown May Hit Indian Bank BranchesUK Crackdown May Hit Indian Bank Branches
Indian banks will have easier time issuing Basel III instruments with new rules: Moody sIndian banks will have easier time issuing Basel III instruments with new rules: Moody s
Sensex jumps 153 points in early tradeSensex surges 293 points on FII inflows; oil & gas, FMCG stocks steal the show
Our Bureau/Agencies
Investors await key macroeconomic data to be released this week
Mumbai, Sept 8:  
The Sensex and the Nifty surged nearly 1.08 per cent at the closing session on Monday on heavy capital inflows anticipating improvement in key macroeconomic indicators - inflation, forex reserves and industrial production to be announced this week.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex surged 293.15 points to end at 27,319.85 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty gained 87.05 points to close at 8,173.90.
Rajesh Agarwal, Head-Research, Eastern Financiers, said in a report: "The markets will take cues from important macroeconomic data that would be announced during the week such as inflation, forex reserves and industrial production growth. As revealed by last week’s FII robust net investment data, the markets are seeing bullish undercurrent and we do not expect to see any substantial correction during the week. Overall, we expect markets to continue their general up-move with intermittent profit-booking."
Barring consumer durables, all other BSE sectoral indices ended in the green. Among them, oil & gas index gained the most by 1.79 per cent, followed by FMCG 1.4 per cent, capital goods 1.29 per cent and metal 1.25 per cent. Only consumer durables index was down 0.22 per cent.
Hindalco, ONGC, SBIN, Wipro and HUL were the major Sensex gainers, while NTPC, M&M, Tata Power and BHEL were the only losers among 30-share Sensex constituents.
European stocks fell as investors weighed equity valuations after the Stoxx Europe 600 Index completed its fourth weekly rally, while UK banks retreated on concerns that Scotland will vote for independence.
The Stoxx 600 retreated 0.7 per cent to 345.23 at 10.01 a.m. in London.
Most Asian stocks rose as investors weighed data showing Chinese exports rose more than analysts projected last month, while imports unexpectedly fell.
The MSCI Asia Pacific Index was up 0.1 per cent at 148.54 as of 2.10 p.m. in Hong Kong.
A plunge in sterling after a poll showed rising support for Scottish independence helped bolster the dollar.
Sterling plummeted 0.8 per cent to $1.6207 after sliding as low as $1.6165 in early trade, the lowest since last November and the biggest daily drop in eight months, after a poll showed the "yes" to Scottish independence campaign on 51 percent against 49 percent for the "no" camp.
Data on Friday showed US non-farm payrolls grew by only 142,000 last month, far below the 225,000 forecast by analysts in a Reuters poll.
The downbeat jobs report suggested the Federal Reserve will hold off on hiking interest rates anytime soon, and helped the S&P 500 hit a fresh closing high.
Data released before Tokyo opened showed Japan's economy shrank an annualised 7.1 per cent in April-June from the previous quarter, revised down from a preliminary 6.8 per cent contraction due to weaker-than-expected capital spending.
Later in the day, investors await Chinese trade data for August, and will be scanning the report for any signs of weakness after a spate of recent data raised concerns about the impact of a cooling property sector.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

SC stays death sentence of Nithari killer Surinder KoliPrint
Koli was to be hanged on September 12 in Meerut jail, where he has been kept in a high-security barrack.
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 9:24 am | Updated: September 8, 2014 1:52 pm
Facing execution any time this week following issuance of his death warrant, Nithari rape and killing cases convict Surinder Koli got a fresh lease of life from the Supreme Court, which at 1.30 am on Monday stayed his hanging for a week.
A bench of Justices H L Dattu and Anil R Dave, in an order issued under extraordinary circumstances, stayed Koli’s execution in a special bench sitting at 1.30 am in the wee hours of Monday.
It was the same bench, which had on July 24, refused to stay the execution, while also rejecting Koli’s review petition against confirmation of his death penalty by the Supreme Court. The hearing of the review petition was done in chamber.
However, a week later, a Constitution bench of the Supreme Court passed a landmark verdict, ruling that review petition of convicts facing capital punishment warranted an open court hearing since the issue pertained to the right to life. The court also said that all such death row convicts, whose review petitions had been rejected in chamber hearings but their curative petitions were yet to be decided, could file their review petitions for open court hearings afresh.
Senior advocate Indira Jaisingh moved the court a day ago, seeking stay on Koli’s execution in view of the SC Constitution bench verdict, and the court agreed to halt the execution.
The mercy plea of 42-year-old Kohli has recently been rejected by President Pranab Mukherjee . On September 2, the trial court has issued his death warrant.
Koli, who killed and later axed children in Nithari locality of Noida in Uttar Pradesh, was awarded death sentence by a trial court, which was upheld by the Allahabad High Court. The Supreme Court confirmed it in February 2011 for the murder of a 14-year-old girl in 2005.
Holding that Koli, “appears to be the serial killer”, the court had said, “No mercy can be shown to him.”
A total of 16 cases were registered against Koli and his businessmen employer Moninder Singh Pandher (57), who was also sentenced to death in Rimpa Haldar case, but he was acquitted by the Allahabad High Court.
Out of 16 cases filed against Koli, he has been awarded death sentence in four of them so far and others are still under trial. Sisters Renukabai and Seema along with their mother and another accomplice Kiran Shinde, kidnapped 13 children between 1990 to 1996 and killed nine of them. However, the prosecution has been able to prove only five murders so far.

Sensex rallies over 150 points; Nifty reclaims 8100 levelsSensex rallies over 150 points; Nifty reclaims 8100 levels
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 8, 2014, 09.21AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rallied over 150 points in trade on Monday, led by gains in ICICI Bank, ONGC, L&T, RIL and ITC.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also managed to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 8100, supported by gains in banks, capital goods , pharma and power stocks.
At 09:20 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,179, up 152 points or 0.57 per cent. It touched a high of 27,185.40 and a low of 27,144.56 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8,132.50 up 45 points or 0.56 per cent. It touched an intraday high of 8,134.20 and a low of 8126.15.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.49 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged higher by 0.71 per cent.
GAIL (up 1.5 per cent), ONGC (up 1.4 per cent), Bharti Airtel (up 1.29 per cent), ICICI Bank (up 1.2 per cent) and Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 1.09 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
Coal India (down 1.01 per cent), Maruti Suzuki (down 0.56 per cent), and Tata Motors (down 0.15 per cent) were the major index losers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FIIs Pump in Rs. 9 000 Crore in First Week of SeptemberYou are here: Home Market
FIIs Pump in Rs 9,000 Crore in First Week of September
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 07, 2014 11:34 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Fall Sharply As Fed Jitters Hit Global Markets Again
New Delhi: Continuing their bet on the government's reforms agenda, overseas investors have poured in nearly Rs 9,000 crore in the Indian capital market in the first week of the month.
Net investments by foreign investors in the equity market were Rs 3,972 crore ($656 million) from September 1-5, while they infused a net amount of Rs 5,013 crore ($828 million) in the debt market during the period, taking the total to Rs 8,986 crore ($1.5 billion), as per the latest data.
Market analysts maintain that overseas investors (foreign Institutional Investors, sub-accounts or foreign portfolio investors) have been betting on the Indian market mainly on account of the reforms agenda of the new government at the Centre.
Also, they anticipate that inflows would continue in the coming months on slew of measures announced by the government.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of Rs 1.9 lakh crore ($31.5 billion) into the country's securities market. This includes a net investment of Rs 82,307 crore in equities and Rs 1.07 lakh crore into debt market.
FIIs, the main driver of the equity market, have helped push up the benchmark BSE Sensex by 1.45 per cent last week and is now moving above 27,000 level.
The strong inflows in the recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of FIIs into India to $202 billion, while their investments in rupee terms is Rs 9.8 lakh crore.
This is based on the data since November 1992 when the FIIs began investing into Indian markets and includes about $160 billion investments into equities and further about $41 billion in debt markets.
From the beginning of June, FIIs (Foreign Institutional Investors) along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator Sebi to create a new investor category called Foreign Portfolio Investors.
Story first published on: September 07, 2014 11:33 (IST)

Sensex up over 100 pts  Nifty holds 8100; Wipro  Hero weakSep 08, 2014, 09.50 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty at record high again; ONGC up 2%, Maruti weak
The Sensex is up 203.78 points or 0.75 percent at 27230.48, and the Nifty is up 54.00 points or 0.07 percent at 8140.85. About 1318 shares have advanced, 446 shares declined, and 58 shares are unchanged.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty at record high again; ONGC up 2%, Maruti weak
The Sensex is up 203.78 points or 0.75 percent at 27230.48, and the Nifty is up 54.00 points or 0.07 percent at 8140.85. About 1318 shares have advanced, 446 shares declined, and 58 shares are unchanged.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
Live Market Commentary
9:50 am FII view Jonathan Garner, Morgan Stanley says in the near-term, MSCI India appears fully valued and over-owned by dedicated EM funds. "On the macro side, the recent fiscal deficit figures appear encouraging. However, we need to see whether the government continues to work towards containing expenditure in the coming months as well. If the current trend continues, this will increase the probability that the government can achieve its lower fiscal deficit target of 4.1%, which otherwise seemed ambitious." he adds.
9:40 am Market check: The market has started the new week with fresh vigour after correcting for last two sessions. Both the benchmark indices are at life high. The Sensex is up 203.78 points or 0.75 percent at 27230.48, and the Nifty is up 54.00 points or 0.07 percent at 8140.85. About 1318 shares have advanced, 446 shares declined, and 58 shares are unchanged.
ONGC, GAIL, ITC, HUL and Hindalco are top gainers in the Sensex. Maruti is down arpund 0.6 percent.
9:30 am No buyback? Infosys management is not in favour of a buyback. CNBC-TV18 learns from sources that the IT major may treat its massive cash reserves as an asset and may look for M&A opportunities in new areas. Former Infosys executives V Balakrishnan, TV Mohandas Pai and DN Prahlad had sought Rs 11,200 crore (USD 1.83 billion) in the form of a buyback for all shareholders, concerned over the pace of change at India’s second-biggest software services company.
However, sources say the Infosys management thinks that a buyback will send out very wrong signal. The management believes that it is better to actually use this cash on books as an asset for M&A. It may announce a dividend at a later date but at this point in time it is actively looking at M&A opportunities in newer areas.
Don't miss: 8 Sensex blue-chips add Rs 52,277cr in market valuation
The market has opened on a strong note. The Sensex is up 121 points at 27147.70, and the Nifty is up 46.10 points at 8132.95. About 567 shares have advanced, 112 shares declined, and 29 shares are unchanged.
GAIL, ONGC, Bharti Airtel, Sesa Sterlite and L&T are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Coal India, Wipro and Hero.
The Indian rupee opened at highest level since July 31. It has gained 10 paise at 60.29 per dollar against 60.39 on Friday.
Sterling slumped to its lowest in nearly 10 months on Monday amid worries about political uncertainty after an opinion poll showed supporters of Scottish Independence from Britain taking the lead for the first time since the referendum campaign began. It skidded nearly 1 percent.
Agam Gupta of Standard Chartered said, "Expect to see very strong nationalised bank demand between levels of 60.20-60.25/dollar. Expect Rupee to trade in a range of 60.20-60.40/dollar for the day. Exporters and FIIs likely to sell on upticks.”
In commodities, Brent crude slipped towards 100 dollars per barrel following weakness in US jobs data.
RELATED NEWS

National Fertilizers: Outcome of AGMSep 08, 2014, 09.27 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
National Fertilizers: Outcome of AGM
National Fertilizers Ltd has informed BSE that the 40th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 05, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
National Fertilizers: Outcome of AGM
National Fertilizers Ltd has informed BSE that the 40th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 05, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
National Fertilizers Ltd has informed BSE that the 40th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 05, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Stellar Capital Services: Outcome of EGMSep 08, 2014, 09.27 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Stellar Capital Services: Outcome of EGM
Stellar Capital Services Ltd has informed BSE that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company was held on September 06, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Stellar Capital Services: Outcome of EGM
Stellar Capital Services Ltd has informed BSE that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company was held on September 06, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Stellar Capital Services Ltd has informed BSE that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company was held on September 06, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Grasim Industries: Outcome of AGMSep 08, 2014, 09.27 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Grasim Industries: Outcome of AGM
Grasim Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the 67th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 06, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Grasim Industries: Outcome of AGM
Grasim Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the 67th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 06, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Grasim Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the 67th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 06, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

China August trade surplus up 77.8% on-year at record $49.8 bnChina August trade surplus up 77.8% on-year at record $49.8 bn
7 Army Jawans Rescued  2 still Trapped in Worst J&K Flood in 60 Years7 Army Jawans Rescued  2 still Trapped in Worst J&K Flood in 60 Years
Mary Kom wants Priyanka as boxing academy s brand ambassadorMary Kom wants Priyanka as boxing academy s brand ambassador
Cricket: Dhoni wants India to learn from England experienceCricket: Dhoni wants India to learn from England experience
Vistara Poaches People From IndiGo  JetLiteVistara Poaches People From IndiGo  JetLite
US stocks settle higherUS stocks settle higher
Nifty may open higher: Maximus SecuritiesNifty may open higher: Maximus Securities
Indian equities outshine global indices  27% returns on BSE-100: BarclaysSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Beware! These fashion trends can be dangerous for your healthlifestyle
Beware! These fashion trends can be dangerous for your health
Consider the long and short-term health risks associated with the latest fashion trends, says leading Orthopaedic Surgeon, Simon Moyes,  reports femalefirst.co.uk.
Handbags: Girls’ handbags, like men’s briefcases, can carry an enormous amount of material that can be surprisingly heavy. The way they are carried over the shoulder can predispose the development of chronic shoulder pain - namely inflammation and impingement of the rotator cuff. The heavy weight over the top of the shoulder tends to cause it to be protracted and the downward pressure on the cuff causes rubbing of the tendon. This causes shoulder pain. Patients may end up with pain at night, causing sleep disturbance, as well as pain using their arm at shoulder height.
Flip-flops: With the summer on, thousands of people are swapping their shoes for flip flops. Although they are cool and comfortable in the heat, they can lead to a common condition called plantar fasciitis. This is a very painful condition, which produces pain in the sole of the foot and in the heel mainly on the inside of the foot. The lack of arch support and lack of cushioning combined with the way you walk in flip flops can predispose you to this condition.
High Heels: Many women prefer to wear high heels and are reliant on them for everyday use but repeatedly wearing heeled shoes can lead to Achilles tendonitis. The Achilles tendon is the long thin tendon that runs from the base of the calf muscles down to the heel bone. This can become extremely painful due to chronic shortening of the calf muscles by wearing repeatedly high heel shoes. The pain is localised over the tendon and may be associated with thickening and swelling of the tendon.
Heavy necklaces: We are seeing a growing popularity of heavy necklaces in modern fashion, with women opting to wear heavier jewellery around their necks. This, in combination with the use of heavier handbags can produce further protraction of the shoulder, curvature in the upper dorsal or thoracic spine and hyperextension of the lower cervical spine. This tends to force the head to thrust forwards. This can place a lot of strain on the base of the neck, causing lower cervical pain.

JP Associates stock tumbles over 14% on stake sale buzzJP Associates stock tumbles over 14 per cent on stake sale buzz
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 13:18 IST
Photo: Reuters
Shares of Jaiprakash Associates tumbled over 14 per cent on Friday on concerns over reports that promoters are selling further stake in the company.
Stock of the company tanked 14.32 per cent to Rs 32.30 - its 52-week low on the BSE.
On the NSE, it slumped 14.2 per cent to touch its one-year low of Rs 32.30.
Jaiprakash Associates' stock had fallen nearly 18 per cent on Thursday.
Shares of other JP group companies also took a beating.
Jaypee Infratech dropped 8.61 per cent while Jaiprakash Power Ventures was down 2.95 per cent on the BSE .
Jaiprakash Associates on Thursday said "small shareholding" disposed of by a promoter company was to meet needs of funds including for social cause.
"It is understood that rumours are being planted in the market by the persons with vested interests suggesting that the promoters are selling their shareholding in the company.Such stories seem to have lead to a sharp drop in the share price," the company had said in a filing to the BSE.
"It is clarified in the interest of stakeholders that one of the promoters holding 72.36 crore shares, constituting 29.75 per cent of the company's shares capital, has sold only 1.45 per cent of such shareholding and continues to hold 68.83 crore shares, constituting 28.30 per cent of company's share capital," it had said.

Gold dips for sixth day on sustained selling  global cuesGold dips for sixth day on sustained selling, global cues
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 16:20 IST
Sluggish demand from jewellers and retailers dampened the sentiment (Photo: Reuters)
Continuing its losing streak for the sixth day, gold prices eased further by Rs 90 to end at Rs 27,770 per ten gram in the national capital on Friday on sustained selling by stockists, tracking weakening global trend.
Silver also extended losses for the fourth day and lost another Rs 200 to Rs 42,000 per kg due to reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Traders said sustained selling by stockists in tandem with a weakening global trend mainly kept pressure on precious metal prices .
Besides, sluggish demand from jewellers and retailers dampened the sentiment, they said.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity declined by Rs 90 each to Rs 27,770 and Rs 27,570 per ten gram respectively. The yellow metal had lost Rs 440 in the previous five sessions.
Sovereign, however, held steady at Rs 24,500 per piece of eight gram in limited deals.
In line with a general weak trend, silver ready fell by Rs 200 to Rs 42,000 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 85 to Rs 41,650 per kg. The white metal had lost Rs 600 in last three days.
On the other hand, silver coins ruled steady at Rs 73,000 for buying and Rs 74,000 for selling of 100 pieces in restricted buying.
Gold in New York, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, had fallen by 0.66 per cent to 1,260.90 an ounce and silver by 0.57 per cent to US $19.06 an ounce in Thursday's trade.

Online billing business grows at brisk paceTaslima Khan      Follow @KhanTaslima    Edition: Sep 14, 2014
"We are not recharge players any more, but a full-blown marketplace," says  Vijay Shekhar Sharma,   Founder, Paytm. Photo: Shekhar Ghosh.
Apoorv Sharma, 26, an employee with an IT company in Delhi, recharges his prepaid phone connection using Freecharge, an online mobile recharge service. The incentive: free coupons of Dominos and other food joints equal to the value of the recharge. There is another reason as well. "It is faster than any other site I have used to top up my phone," says Sharma. "I can store my card details and even charge the phones of my mother or my friends if they insist," he adds with a grin.
Freecharge is one of the many recharge apps and payment platforms inundating the market today. With nearly 800 million unique mobile phone subscribers, 97 per cent of them using prepaid phones, mobile recharge is emerging as a big business opportunity. "Recharge is a high frequency, high footfall product but is rarely treated as a business. It does not find mention in any e-commerce report. But we are bigger than leading e-commerce companies in terms of number of transactions," says Kunal Shah, Founder of Accelyst Solutions which runs Freecharge. The Sequoia Capital backed company works with 300-odd retailers and processes recharges worth Rs 100 crore a month.
Start-ups in the recharge business have built a massive user base and are growing at a brisk pace. For instance, Gurgaon-based RechargeItNow offers mobile phone services through net banking and credit and debit cards. It started in 2008 and now has 8.5 million registered users. "It was difficult in the first six months but 2009 onwards we have seen a 25 per cent growth month-on-month," says Sharat Jain, Co-founder and President, RechargeItNow. Other leading players - Paytm, Oxigen and Mobikwik - have also recorded exponential growth rates. Paytm, for instance, does 300,000 orders a day, a bulk of which are mobile recharge transactions.
Having scaled up to a few million mobile recharge users, these companies have used their customer base as launchpads for a host of other services, including DTH recharges, utility bill payments, online shopping, bus ticket bookings, movie bookings and ordering from fast food chains such as Dominos and Pizza Hut. For instance, Oxigen Services (India), launched in 2004 as a mobile recharge venture, now does Rs 600 crore worth of transactions per month - the biggest chunk of its business comprising money transfers (Rs 200 crore), followed by recharges (Rs 100 crore) and bill payments (Rs 30 crore).
One of the reasons for diversifying is that although the volumes in the recharge business are high, the ticket size of transactions is low and margins are poor. Margins paid by telecom companies to these operators are generally not more than two per cent of the value of the transaction and the average size of the transaction varies from Rs 30 to Rs 150.
"A standalone recharge business is tough," says Deepak Abbot, Assistant Vice President, Marketing at Paytm, which started offering online prepaid mobile recharge services three years back in 2011 with a digital wallet, an application that allows users to store money in a virtual wallet and use it for transactions. When it can be used only on a single website, it is referred to as a closed wallet. The app is called a semi-closed wallet when it can be used as a payment tool on multiple websites. Paytm now offers DTH recharge, postpaid bill and utility bill payments, movie-ticket bookings, among other services. "Every six months, we are launching a new category," says Vijay Shekhar Sharma, Founder of Paytm.
Most of these start-ups are prompting users to transact on their wallet by giving them cash refunds when they use it to transact on partner websites like BookMyShow or Fashionandyou. "We are not a recharge player anymore but a full-blown marketplace," says Sharma, who launched a marketplace on the Paytm platform in February this year. This allows listed retailers such as Zovi, Yebhi and Yepme to sell their products on Paytm. "We believe hard goods will be the biggest contributors to our top line and bottom line," he says.
Mobikwik's story is similar. It started with a closed digital wallet in 2009, mostly for prepaid mobile recharge. But ever since the company got RBI approval for a semi-closed wallet in July 2013, it has been busy acquiring merchants on the platform, in a bid to get existing users to transact more. Mobikwik now processes about 150,000 transactions a day, 40 per cent of them coming from movie and bus ticket booking, purchases on e-commerce sites, and bill payments. "The remaining 60 per cent comes from mobile recharge," says Bipin Preet Singh, CEO of Mobikwik which has a registered user base of six million.
For Singh, Airtel Money, with a subscriber base of 1.7 million as on March 31, 2014, is the biggest competitor. Launched in March 2012, Airtel Money is a digital wallet service by Bharti Airtel which offers a host of services, including remittances, recharge and bill payments. By December 2013, the total number of transactions on Airtel Money stood at more than 30 million.
However, Oxigen believes adding miscellaneous services to diversify the recharge business will not add more than 10 to 15 per cent to a company's bottom line. "As far as volumes are concerned, one has to bet more on money transfers which is four times the size of telecom market in India," says Pramod Saxena, Founder and Chairman of Oxigen. The company, which has tie-ups with sites like BookMyShow for movie tickets and Hungama for music downloads, is now reaching out to coffee and food chains.
Meanwhile, recharge and bill payments is fast becoming a crowded space and even banks and telecom operators have begun revamping their sites to offer these services to customers. But the start-ups believe they can grow faster than banks. "We can reach customers even in areas where banks don't have branches through a digital wallet," says Singh of Mobikwik.
But there appears to be plenty of headroom for all players in the market. "There are over 250 billion pay transactions per year happening in this country, not even one per cent of which is online. This makes it very, very attractive," sums up Hemant Joshi, head of Telecom Media and Technology at consulting firm Deloitte India .

Asteroid To Zoom  Very Close  To Earthreddit
Breathe easy, Earthlings. A 60-foot asteroid is headed our way, but astronomers say it's nothing to worry about.
Dubbed 2014 RC, the space rock will come within 25,000 miles of Earth -- that's one tenth of the distance between Earth and the moon -- making its closest approach around 2:18 pm EDT on Sunday, Sept. 7.
"While this celestial object does not appear to pose any threat to Earth or satellites," according to NASA, "its close approach creates a unique opportunity for researchers to observe and learn more about asteroids ."
Astronomers say 2014 RC is roughly the same size as the space rock that exploded over Chelyabinsk , Russia last year.
While skywatchers won't be able to spot the asteroid with the naked eye, amateur astronomers may be able to catch a glimpse using a small telescope.
This graphic depicts the passage of asteroid 2014 RC past Earth on September 7, 2014. Times indicated on the graphic are Universal Time.
Asteroid 2014 RC isn't the only near-Earth object (an asteroid or comet that comes within 28 million miles of Earth) out there. As of September 2, 2014, 11,408 asteroids and comets have been detected .
And that's not including the space rocks we haven't yet discovered. NASA estimates that one-third of the larger near-Earth objects and less than one percent of the smaller rocks have been identified.
Also on HuffPost:

Jaypee Group shares extend decline for second daySouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Buy rating on Ashoka BuildconSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

MSCI removes Russia from the equationLast updated: September 7, 2014 6:50 am
MSCI removes Russia from the equation
By Charlotte Moore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/40e37a40-2f6b-11e4-83e4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Buy rating on Tata Motors: LKP SecuritiesSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Blasts roar near Donetsk airport in Ukraine; ceasefire on the verge of collapsePrint
Donetsk | Posted: September 7, 2014 2:50 pm
Strong explosions were heard early on Sunday on the outskirts of the main rebel-held city in eastern Ukraine near the airport, raising new fears that a cease-fire signed two days ago is on the verge of collapse.
Blasts powerful enough to be heard in downtown Donetsk came from the area near the airport, which has been under the control of government troops since May and has come under unremitting attacks from pro-Russia separatist rebels since then.
The cease-fire had appeared to be holding for much of the day on Saturday, but shelling started late at night. A rebel statement said Ukrainian forces violated the cease-fire by firing on their positions in six locations on Saturday, including near the Donetsk airport. The statement said several rebels were killed.
Witnesses told The Associated Press that heavy explosions were also coming from the eastern outskirts of the port city of Mariupol late Saturday, where Ukrainian troops retain defensive lines against the rebels.
The city council there said one serviceman was wounded when a checkpoint was hit and the volunteer Azov Battalion said on Facebook that their positions were hit by Grad rockets, but did not give details.
Mariupol is located on the coast of the Sea of Azov, 70 miles south of Donetsk. Rebels recently opened a new front on the coast, leading to fears that the separatists were trying to secure a land corridor between Russia and the Crimean Peninsula, which Russia annexed in March.
Ukraine, Russia and the Kremlin-backed separatists signed the cease-fire deal in the Belarusian capital Minsk on Friday in an effort to end more than four months of bloodshed in the region.
The negotiators also agreed on the withdrawal of all heavy weaponry, the release of all prisoners and the delivery of humanitarian aid to devastated cities in eastern Ukraine. Western leaders voiced scepticism over Russia’s commitment to the deal. A previous 10-day cease-fire, which each side repeatedly accused the other of violating, yielded few results at the negotiating table.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko’s office on Saturday said he and Russian President Vladimir Putin had discussed steps for giving the cease-fire a stable character in a telephone conversation.
But, it said, both leaders assessed the cease-fire as having been fulfilled as a whole. Fighting between pro-Russian rebels and Ukrainian government troops has ravaged the already teetering Ukrainian economy, claimed at least 2,600 civilian lives and left hundreds of thousands homeless, according to United Nations estimates.

Method in the madness of the Alibaba cultSeptember 7, 2014 5:01 pm
Method in the madness of the Alibaba cult
By Charles Clover
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6af0bcd6-369f-11e4-95d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

This Time s Different as Asian Markets Warm Up for Fed Rate RisesSensex, Nifty Fall Sharply As Fed Jitters Hit Global Markets Again
Singapore: Faced once again with the prospect of rate rises in the United States, investors in Asia are no longer selling and running as in the past, choosing instead to stay in markets like India and South Korea, that are relatively sheltered from global forces.
The two bouts of market turmoil in May 2013 and January this year demonstrated the perils of selling out of markets prematurely and indiscriminately.
This time, investors have already begun preparations for a rise in US rates by mid-2015 at the earliest, albeit with a degree of caution about the different moving parts to the policy story.
For one, central banks in Europe and Japan could soon be injecting stimulus, which would compensate the world for the cash the Federal Reserve is withdrawing.
And secondly, it is entirely plausible that US growth disappoints, thereby keeping yields down but pushing stock markets sharply lower.
Standard responses to a spike in US rates, such as avoiding Indonesia, India and other countries which rely on external funding, may no longer be appropriate, given how rapidly Asia has changed in the past year.
The region's current account deficits are smaller, bond yields are high and currencies already quite weak. Governments perceived to be more reform-oriented have taken over in India and Indonesia, and Asia's rallying stock markets are backed by robust growth in company earnings.
"You should be in countries where idiosyncratic forces are more dominant drivers than the global forces," said Jahangir Aziz, head of Asian research at JPMorgan. "They allow you to hedge against global changes."
As of now, both Asian equity and bond markets are still riding a six-year long rally spurred by the heavy quantitative easing policies of the Fed and other developed economies.
But investors are prone to worry, says Aziz, and this abnormally long period of very low volatility and memories of the vicious selloff in 2013 have made them uneasy.
"There could be significant pre-emptive reaction in the market to the likelihood of better US growth, jobs or inflation numbers. That is where the concern is," he said.
Pick the Neutral Trade
The basis for investment is belief that, unlike the scares in 2013 and early 2014, the Fed will raise rates only when it is confident that the economy is on track for higher growth, more jobs, better demand and investment.
"You are at that stage of the global cycle where the traditional growth or high-beta assets are what you want to own," said Huw McKay, Westpac's chief Asian economist based in Sydney. "You don't want to be back in safe haven assets such as US bonds."
The decision to stay invested in high growth emerging markets in Asia is the simpler one.
Markets are pricing little change in the already low US yields - 10-year yields are around 2.4 per cent, and the forwards markets indicate little to no growth or inflation prospects. The equity market meanwhile is consistently reaching for record highs.
The more challenging issue for investors is that of deciding which shoe drops first, bonds or equities. As yields rise, bond prices would drop.
"Secular stagnation is being priced into the bond markets, strong nominal growth is being priced into the equity markets. One of these is more wrong than the other, or even both could be wrong," said UBS strategist Bhanu Baweja.
Still, that happy co-existence of surging bond and equity prices could very well continue, and should fund managers sell before an actual turn in the market they could risk underperforming peers and global indices.
"You've got to survive to that point," says Baweja. "You can't go short the markets right now."
The consensus however ends there.
Westpac's McKay finds India has made greater strides in fixing its current account problem, more so than Indonesia which was one of the worst hit in 2013. Plus, in a scenario where a rise in US yields is preceded by strong global growth, India's services exports would benefit hugely.
McKay also reckons the winning markets this time might be in countries, like South Korea, that offer foreigners a seamless transfer from equities to bonds.
"If you have both asset classes to offer in local currency, you can actually see a transfer rather than switching out of the currency altogether to go back to the dollar," McKay said.
JPMorgan's chief Asian economist Jahangir Aziz warns that now is not the time to look for global plays, or heavy bets on assets linked to US Treasury yields or broader emerging market risk.
"India and Indonesia is where you want to be right now," he said, citing the new governments and possible policy changes in both economies that will proceed regardless of global factors.
Investors should be wary of being too exposed to China, should there be a decline in global demand and therefore in the exports that are driving Chinese growth, he said.
Blackrock's head of Asian equities prefers being more exposed to North Asian markets such as China, Taiwan and Korea, both because of their valuations and healthier current accounts.
"As a recipient of little investor flows in recent years, we believe Asian equities are well placed to receive more interest even if US rates begin to rise," he said. Blackrock has $344 billion of long-term assets under management in Asia.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

IPO Market Remains Sluggish; 23 Firms Raise Rs. 538 CroreYou are here: Home Market
IPO Market Remains Sluggish; 23 Firms Raise Rs 538 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 07, 2014 15:57 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Fall Sharply As Fed Jitters Hit Global Markets Again
New Delhi: The IPO market seems to have remained untouched by the bullish sentiments in the overall stock markets, as less than Rs 550 crore have been raised collectively by 23 companies through their respective initial public offers so far in 2014.
Besides, just one IPO is currently underway, wherein Sharda Cropchem is aiming to raise over Rs 350 crore through a public offer scheduled to close on Tuesday.
An analysis of all IPOs that have hit the market so far this year shows that most of these public offers were on the Small and Medium Enterprise (SME) platforms of BSE and NSE and their main platforms have hosted only two IPOs in this period.
Together, these 23 IPOs have resulted in fund-raising to the tune of Rs 538 crore, shows the analysis.
This is despite a positive sentiment prevailing in the capital markets during most part of 2014. Making things worse, many companies did not launch their offers after doing all the groundwork and obtaining the necessary approvals, while some companies even withdrew their offers after poor response.
SMC Global's research head Jagannadham Thunuguntla said the positive sentiment in the capital market since the start of the year has failed to revive the IPO market.
Snowman Logistics, an integrated temperature controlled logistics services provider, which came out with the public issue last month, raised Rs 197.40 crore.
Besides, Wonderla Holidays mopped-up Rs 181 crore through its initial share-sale programme in April.
Barring IPOs of Snowman Logistics and Wonderla Holidays, as many as 21 companies hit the SME platforms of NSE and BSE to garner about Rs 160 crore.
The pipeline of forthcoming IPOs also does not look impressive as of now, as only five companies -- Lavasa Corp, Adlabs Entertainment, GMR Energy, Sharda Cropchem and Monte Carlo Fashions -- have filed draft IPO papers with the market regulator Sebi so far in 2014.
Among these too, GMR Energy later withdrew its draft document.
Besides, many companies are holding back their plans to hit the market despite having received regulatory go-ahead.
These include Jyoti CNC Automation, Shemaroo Entertainment, Great Eastern Energy Corp, Inox Wind and NCML Industries.
Additionally, companies like Emcure Pharma, Trimax IT Infra and Services and BSCPL Infrastructure have withdrawn their proposed initial public offers.
However, some market analysts believe that the current market scenario could be the right time for companies looking to mop-up funds via IPO.
Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services head of research Alex Mathew said: "Benchmark indices, the S&P BSE Sensex and the CNX Nifty, have been making new highs, confidence among institutional investors is back."
"This is the right time for companies, which are looking to tap the IPO market," Mathew said, adding that the "valuations should be attractive."
Story first published on: September 07, 2014 15:54 (IST)

New disclosure norms expose insurers  policy-retention claimsSep 07, 2014, 12.56 PM IST  | Source: PTI
New disclosure norms spill beans on policy-retention claims
A new standardised disclosure regime put in place for insurance sector has spilled the beans for life insurers' claims on retention of customers, with many of them being forced to disclose their policy 'persistency' ratios much below the year-ago levels.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
New disclosure norms spill beans on policy-retention claims
A new standardised disclosure regime put in place for insurance sector has spilled the beans for life insurers' claims on retention of customers, with many of them being forced to disclose their policy 'persistency' ratios much below the year-ago levels.
Post your opinion here
 
A new standardised disclosure regime put in place for insurance sector has spilled the beans for life insurers' claims on retention of customers, with many of them being forced to disclose their policy 'persistency' ratios much below the year-ago levels.
Barring a few, such as ICICI Prudential, Reliance Life and Kotak Life, most of the life insurance companies have disclosed lower 'persistency ratios' for the first quarter of
the current fiscal ended June 30, as also for the full financial year ended March 31, 2015.
The persistency ratio broadly measures the quantum of the customer retention by the life insurance companies, while determining the percentage of policyholders paying renewal
premiums at the end of one year, or more years depending on the tenure of the policy.
However, this has been one of the most abused financial metric by many insurers, who tend to disclose their best possible persistency ratios without following any standard
formula or any specific time period.
To remove such ambiguities in reporting persistency across life insurers, the sector regulator IRDA earlier this year made changes in norms for such disclosures and put in
place a standard formula to be followed by all companies in reporting their 13th month persistency ratios
An analysis of the disclosures made by various life insurers so far this year shows that there has been a marked decline in the high level of persistency reported earlier by
many companies.
"Such sharp variations are unlikely in the normal course of the business and therefore a decline in persistency would imply a less conservative methodology used for reporting
during prior periods while an increase would imply that the insurer's own approach was more conservative," a senior industry executive said.
Amongst the top insurers, many have registered a decline, while persistency ratios for some have remained flat and very few have shown any significant increase.
For ICICI Prudential, the 13-month persistency ratio remained nearly flat at over 71 per cent during the full fiscal ended March 31, 2014, while the ratio for the first quarter ended June 30 rose to 69 per cent (from 65.2 per cent a year ago).
RELATED NEWS

Housing Ministry to promote green buildingsHousing Ministry to promote green buildings
Our Bureau
Will make affordable homes part of smart cities
Hyderabad, September 7:  
The Union Ministry of Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation plans to work closely with all the stakeholders in promoting Green Affordable Housing and with the State Governments to map the needs and requirements for affordable housing.
It has proposed to make affordable housing an integral part of smart cities.
Speaking at the CII-IGBC Green Building Congress 2014 here, Anita Agnihotri, Secretary, Housing Ministry, said that with increased urbanisation, there is a growing need to develop and promote housing structures which are not only affordable but also sustainable and scalable.
She said the housing sector has a multiplier effect in terms of providing employment and security. To make this happen, it is imperative to work closely with all the stakeholders. The Ministry would be pleased to work with IGBC and other stakeholders.
Quality of life
Prem C Jain, Chairman, IGBC, said India, at over 2.2 billion sq.ft, is the second country in the world with the largest green building footprint.
Various types of buildings, including schools are going the green way. IGBC aspires that by the year 2032, every Indian should find shelter in a green home, where there is increased quality of life, he said.
C Shekar Reddy, National President, CREDAI, highlighted the need to do away with no objection certificates and implement online registrations of building permissions. This will make the process transparent, simpler and facilitate rapid spread of the housing sector.
The three-day Congress concluded on Saturday.
(This article was published on September 7, 2014)

Now  pooled price for gas under considerationNow, pooled price for gas under consideration
Richa Mishra
Power, Petroleum ministries working on Cabinet note
New Delhi, September 7:  
‘Pooled price’ is emerging as an answer to resolve the difference between stakeholders in the oil and gas sector and their counterparts in power for the proposed new gas price.
The Ministries of Power and Petroleum & Natural Gas are working together on a Cabinet note for such a proposal, a senior Power Ministry official said. This (proposal) is expected to be done in sync with the pricing of domestically produced gas, which the Government is to announce by the end of this month.
Cascading effect
Pooling is deriving an average price for gas produced from all domestic sources. It will also have an element of imported gas, sources in the know said. This is not for the first time the power sector has pitched for pooling of gas prices.
Earlier, when the Government had wanted to increase the price of domestic gas, the power sector was very vocal in stating that any increase over $5/unit (gas is million British thermal units) of the base price (excluding transmission charges, local taxes and levies, and marketing margins) is unviable for the electricity generators. According to power industry, every dollar’s increase in gas price will result in electricity costs going up by almost 45 paise a unit.
At present, there are several gas pricing regimes in the country — administered pricing mechanism, market-determined price based on pricing schedule and guidelines issued by the Government, gas sold on formula approved by the Government, price derived at arm’s length principle, and pricing under the production-sharing contract regime.
With the steep drop in domestic gas output, the Power Ministry has been making efforts to resolve the fuel supply issue of stranded gas-based capacities — 24,148 MW. According to the Ministry, the total gas required for the power sector is 93 million standard cubic metres a day (mmscmd), and what it currently gets is minimal.
Expensive imports
The current price, at which gas from various sources, including coal bed methane, is being sold to the power and fertiliser sectors is $4.2/unit (gas is measured in million British thermal units) to $6.87/unit excluding local taxes, marketing margins and transmission costs.
In fact, most players have refrained from using expensive imported gas, despite enjoying special dispensation of zero Customs duty, as few distribution utilities are willing to buy the electricity generated.
Meanwhile, a senior official-level panel comprising Secretaries of Power, Fertiliser and Expenditure, and the Additional Secretary in the Ministry for Petroleum & Natural Gas as member-secretary, has been holding consultations with all the stakeholders, including gas producers to decide on the new price for domestically produced gas, to be effective from October 1.
(This article was published on September 7, 2014)

Buyout deals breach debt guidelinesSeptember 7, 2014 2:33 pm
Private equity undeterred by debt guidelines
By Anne-Sylvaine Chassany and Arash Massoudi in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cfc6d322-2d01-11e4-911b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A majority of Scots approves of independence for the first timeNo British bulldogs to be found anywhere.Reuters/Russell Cheyne
SHARE
Kabir Chibber @quinto_quarto
September 7, 2014
A surprising new poll by  YouGov for The Sunday Times (paywall) shows that 51% of people in Scotland approve of independence compared to 49% who do not. That is a remarkable turnaround; a month ago, the unionists had a 22-point lead over secessionists. The poll comes with less than two weeks before the Scots referendum. The head of the Better Together campaign, the former chancellor Alistair Darling, said the poll was a “wake-up call.”
So what has changed? Two TV debates took place between Darling and Alexander Salmond, Scotland’s first minister. Darling won the first round on Aug. 5, but Salmond took  the second  on Aug. 25—especially on the extraordinarily high-minded issues that have dominated the campaign so far. The Braveheart references have been far and few between.
Instead, the Yes and No campaigns have sparred over whether Scotland will get to keep the pound, spending over North Sea oil, and the Trident nuclear submarine force kept north of the border.
Another factor is that Scotland is a historically left-leaning country. Scots never returned a majority of Conservative MPs to Westminster in the 1980s while Margaret Thatcher ruled—they lost half their seats in one election—but Scots were still subject to her libertarian economic polices. The memory remains . Even now, there is only one Tory MP from Scotland  in London out of 59.
The current British government is being led by the Conservatives, and they are aware of their stunning lack of appeal as they head northwards; the head of the Better Together group that the government supports, Darling, is from the Labour Party. But Salmond has been successful recently in making the case that Scotland on its own will be one of the richest nations in the world and will be able to protect the National Health Service and prevent privatization of other government services proposed by politicians in London. Indeed, Labour is trying to convince its supporters not to vote for independence.
UK Chancellor George Osborne on Sunday promised to unveil new powers for Scotland in the event they vote against independence. But that bribe causes a future headache for people who like their kingdoms united. A  Welsh minister said that whatever devolution is offered to Scotland should be offered to Wales and Northern Ireland. The Queen is also worried. The Times reported she has a “great deal of concern” of losing Scotland under her reign and has asked for daily updates on the vote, which takes place on Sept. 18.
Share this:

Narendra Modi s diktat to ministries: Focus on merit in government appointmentsACC
(This is part of a larger overhaul…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has told ministries in no uncertain terms that he won't brook any kind of obfuscation in the way they recommend candidates for specific roles as he looks to end the way in which such appointments were said to be rigged in the previous United Progressive Alliance administration in some departments.
This is part of a larger overhaul of the human resources management strategy being driven by the Prime Minister's Office with a view to getting the right team in place for implementing the government's agenda over the next five years.
The diktat to focus on merit while proposing candidates was issued to all departments on September 5, after several instances in which alternatives were recommended to the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet (ACC) without being ranked in order of merit or detailing the choice of the selection panel appointed for the head-hunting exercise.
"In some of the cases submitted by various ministries, the selection committees or the search-cum-selection committees are not recommending the panel (of candidates) in order of merit or preference," the personnel ministry said in its September 5 memo sent to departments.
The ACC incidentally is restricted to Modi and Home Minister Rajnath Singh . The minister under whose domain the vacancy arises is no longer included as was done in the UPA's tenure. The PMO's move is being seen by officials as an attempt to break with what was regarded as UPA's ad hoc and capricious method of selecting talent for top roles in ministries, public sector enterprises, banks, financial institutions and autonomous bodies.
It wasn't uncommon to witness sparring and sniping over appointments at the highest levels of the previous government. Traditionally, the prime minister has overseen all top appointments at ministries, especially those of secretaries, as they are expected to keep a check on ministers as part of their duties.
But coalition compulsions, often cited during the UPA era, meant that ministers had a disproportionate say in deciding key appointments, allowing them to get rid of officers they deemed inconvenient. It is also said to have allowed former telecom minister A Raja to virtually handpick all the officials in the department, allowing wrongdoing to flourish and culminating in the cancellation of telecom licences by the Supreme Court in 2012 after the 2G scam came to light.
Ministries have been told they "must" indicate the order of merit and preference while forwarding names for a job, unless they are statutorily required not to do so. "All ministries are requested to ensure compliance of these instructions," the personnel ministry memo stressed.
Modi's predecessor Manmohan Singh had also identified the ministries' casual approach to appointments as a problem and had asked them to ensure that selection panels recommended candidates in order of merit. But the process stayed opaque and marred by intrigue, with several organisations remaining headless for indefinite periods of time under UPA's watch.
By contrast, the Modi PMO is not only asserting itself on all important policy decisions, but also has the last word on appointments, including those of ministers' personal staff. An informal HR competency mapping exercise to identify the best officials suited for vacancies that have arisen and will arise in the central government in the coming six months is being steered by PK Mishra, additional principal secretary in the PMO.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Asian markets tentative  sterling plungesYou are here: Home > Collections
Asian markets tentative, sterling plunges
Reuters Sep 8, 2014, 07.14AM IST
(Asian shares got off to a…)
TOKYO: Asian shares got off to a cautious start on Monday, while a plunge in sterling after a poll showed rising support for Scottish independence helped bolster the dollar.
Sterling plummeted 0.8 per cent to $1.6207 after sliding as low as $1.6165 in early trade, the lowest since last November and the biggest daily drop in eight months, after a poll showed the "yes" to Scottish independence campaign on 51 per cent against 49 per cent for the "no" camp.
Data on Friday showed US nonfarm payrolls grew by only 142,000 last month, far below the 225,000 forecast by analysts in a Reuters poll.
The downbeat jobs report suggested the Federal Reserve will hold off on hiking interest rates anytime soon, and helped the S&P 500 hit a fresh closing high.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was flat in early trade, while Japan's Nikkei stock average added 0.2 per cent.
Data released before Tokyo opened showed Japan's economy shrank an annualised 7.1 per cent in April-June from the previous quarter, revised down from a preliminary 6.8 per cent contraction due to weaker-than-expected capital spending.
The dollar edged up to 105.18 yen, though it remained shy of a nearly six-year high of 105.71 touched on Friday.
The euro steadied at $1.2953, holding above a 14-month low of $1.2920 hit last week in the wake of the European Central Bank's easing steps on Thursday.
Net short positions in the euro ballooned in the latest week ended Sept. 2, rising to their largest in more than two years, according to data from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission released on Friday.
"The less extreme positioning in sterling and the looming Scottish referendum may mean that sterling lags behind the euro during the days ahead," Marc Chandler, global head of currency strategy at Brown Brothers Harriman in New York, said in a note to clients.
Later in the Asian session, investors await Chinese trade data for August, and will be scanning the report for any signs of weakness after a spate of recent data raised concerns about the impact of a cooling property sector.
On the commodities front, spot gold edged lower to$1,266.79 an ounce but remained well above a three-month low of $1,256.90 hit on Friday before the US jobs data.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Union Budget 2014-15: HighlightsThe following are the Union Budget 2014-15 highlights
For individuals
* Tax slab on personal income remains unchanged
* Income tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
* Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
* Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
* Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
* Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
* Long term capial gain tax for mutual funds doubled to 20 pc; lock-in period increased to 3 years
* Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
* Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month
* LCD, LED TV become cheaper
* Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh
New projects
* 5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
* 5 more IITs in Jammu, Chattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
* 4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in Andhra Pradesh, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in Uttar Pradesh
* Govt proposes to launch 'Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
* Kisan TV for farmers, Arun Prabha TV for northeast.
* National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
* Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
* A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
* EPFO to launch the “Uniform Account Number” Service for contributing members.
* New programme “Neeranchal” to give impetus to watershed development in the country with an initial outlay of Rs. 2142 crores.
* Beti Bachao, Beti Padhao Yojana to generate awareness and help in improving the efficiency of delivery of welfare services meant for women.
* Free Drug Service and Free Diagnosis Service to achieve “ Health For All”
* Two National Institutes of Ageing to be set up at AIIMS, New Delhi and Madras Medical College, Chennai.
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala
Allocations
* Rs 100 crore to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
* Swachh Bharat Abhiyan to cover every household with sanitation facility by the year 2019
* Rs 100 crore for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
* Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
* Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
* Rs. 7,060 crore for the project of developing 100 Smart Cities.
* Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
* Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
* 1000 crore provided for “Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchayee Yojna” for assured irrigation.
* Rs. 50,548 crore under the SC Plan and Rs. 32,387 crore under TSP
Rs. 7,060 crore for the project of developing 100 Smart Cities
Economic initiatives
* Composite cap of foreign investment to be raised to 49 per cent in Defence and Insurance sectors.
* Requirement of the built up area and capital conditions for FDI reduced to 20,000 square metres and USD 5 million respectively for development of smart cities.
* Manufacturing can sell its products through retail including Ecommerce platforms.
* Requirement to infuse Rs.2,40,000 crore as equity by 2018 in our banks to be in line with Basel-III norms PSUs will invest through capital investment a total sum of Rs. 2,47,941 crores.
* Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
* Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
* Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
The numbers
* Government expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
* Plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
* Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1 pc of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6 pc in FY 16
* Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
* Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
* Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
Plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore
Administrative reforms
* Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
* Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
* Legislative and administrative changes to sort out pending tax demands of more than Rs. 4 lakh crore under dispute and litigation.
* New Urea Policy would be formulated.
* More productive, asset creating and with linkages to agriculture and allied activities wage employment would to be provided under MGNREGA.
* A committee will to examine and recommend how unclaimed amounts with PPF, Post Office, saving schemes etc. can be used to protect and further financial interests of the senior citizens
* Slum development to be included in the list of Corporate Social Responsibility
* Committee to examine the financial architecture for MSME Sector, remove bottlenecks and create new rules and structures to be set up and give concrete suggestions in three months.
* An institution to provide support to mainstreaming PPPPs called 4PIndia to be set up with a corpus of Rs. 500 crores.

CLAIM: Chinese Police Abused Families Of MH370 VictimsFamilies Of MH370 Claim Abuse And Detainment By Chinese Police
Reuters
Updated:
09/06/2014  9:59 pm EDT
Police officers block journalists from grieving Chinese relatives of passengers on the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 as they gather to protest outside the Malaysian embassy in Beijing on March 25, 2014. Irate Chinese relatives of passengers aboard the crashed Flight MH370 scuffled with security personnel outside Malaysia's embassy on March 25, demanding answers about the plane's mysterious and lonely demise in the stormy Indian Ocean.        AFP PHOTO / Mark RALSTON        (Photo credit | MARK RALSTON via Getty Images
reddit
By Megha Rajagopalan
BEIJING, Sept 7 (Reuters) - Six months after Malaysia  Airlines Flight MH370 went missing, relatives of those lost,  desperate for any hint of what happened, say Chinese authorities  have become openly hostile towards them.
In interviews, several relatives described how they had been  detained and physically abused by police - seemingly in  retaliation for publicly pressing Chinese and Malaysia Airlines   authorities for information about the hunt for the  plane.
"In the beginning, Beijing police were protecting us, but  their attitude has completely changed," said 38-year-old Cheng  Liping, whose husband was on the flight.
"I can't fathom why they're doing this. I feel so incredibly  disappointed."
The Boeing 777 aircraft carrying 239 passengers and  crew, disappeared on March 8 after taking off from Malaysia's  capital, Kuala Lumpur, bound for Beijing. About two thirds of  those on board were from China.
Investigators say what little evidence they have to work  with suggests the plane was deliberately diverted thousands of  kilometers from its scheduled route before eventually plunging  into the Indian Ocean.
But no one knows for sure, or why. A painstaking  international search has failed to find any trace.
For the relatives, neither their pain nor their  single-minded quest for answers has eased, and that seems to  have become an annoyance for China's authorities.
Police have beaten at least two people whose children were  on the flight, several family members said. In one case, a woman  in her fifties was hospitalized for three days.
"I went to see her in hospital, I could see the injuries on  her head and body," said Zhang Yongli, 64, whose daughter was on  the flight. "The way the police acted was very extreme, it's  wrong to treat us this way."
Beijing police did not respond to requests for comment.
China's government has repeatedly said it would spare no  effort in the search for the plane and leaders have expressed  sympathy for the families.
Public security authorities have not commented on the  families but Malaysia Airlines representatives said distraught  relatives have sometimes been aggressive.
Some relatives said they believed their homes were being  watched. Police have detained people several times at an office  the government has set up in a nondescript Beijing suburb where  families can go to seek information about the search from  Malaysia Airlines and government representatives.
Detentions usually last for about 24 hours, said the  families and their lawyer. Police have cited various reasons for  the detentions, family members said, including a rule against  large gatherings. In a couple of cases, children were taken into  custody with adult relatives.
In at least two other cases, recounted to Reuters by  relatives, Beijing police went to family members' homes before  dawn to detain them without a reason.
"On some level I can understand why the police are doing  this - perhaps they're used to only dealing with bad people,"  said Liu Wanyi, 26, a newlywed whose husband was on the plane.
"But we're not seeking to antagonize the government in any  way."
'WHO KNOWS?'
In the weeks after the flight disappeared, when media  attention was intense, police were a constant presence at the  Lido Hotel in Beijing, where Malaysia Airlines put up the  families and held daily meetings.
At one demonstration in those early weeks, dozens of police  escorted family members, many weeping and holding up signs, on a  march to the Malaysian Embassy - an unusual show of support for  a protest in China.
But as the story faded from the news and the search dragged  on, authorities became less supportive, the families say.
Cheng, who has two young sons and who herself has been  detained at the representative office, said she had no way to  access her husband's Malaysian bank account, and authorities in  both countries had been indifferent to her requests for help.
"Honestly, I can't endure this," she said. "My life has  completely changed, I can't manage to work anymore."
Most family members visit the representative office at least  once a week, some traveling for hours, they said, in the hope  of a shred of information.
Like Cheng, many of them have quit their jobs.
Police treatment of the families mirrors that meted out to  so-called petitioners, who seek redress for a range of perceived  injustices such as land grabs and medical malpractice, which are  common complaints in China.
Courts in China are controlled by the Communist Party and  generally seen as beyond the reach of ordinary folk. With no  other channels for pursuing complaints, people come to Beijing  to make their cases but typically get short shrift.
Many are detained by police or forced back to their  hometowns with no progress on their grievances.
As the flow of information from the search for MH370 dries  up, relatives are haunted by their theories. Many said they  believed the United States or other powers had withheld  information or were even responsible.
"I have no doubt in my mind that Obama knows," Liu said of  the U.S. president.
"No matter how much we ask, none of the responsible parties  will provide any proof of what happened. Who knows what motive  is behind it?"     (Additional reporting by Joseph Campbell and Reuters Pictures;  Editing by Robert Birsel)
More:

Tata Business Support Services to merge with group co e-Nxt FinancialsTata Business Support Services to merge with group co e-Nxt Financials
M Somasekhar/ Richa Mishra
Praveen P Kadle, MD and CEO of Tata Capital, is expected to be the Chairman of the merged company.
Combined entity to be among largest companies in domestic BPO space
Hyderabad/New Delhi, Sept 6:  
In perhaps one of the biggest mergers in the Indian BPO space, two Tata Group companies are all set to integrate their operations.
The Hyderabad-based Tata Business Support Services Ltd (TBSS), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tata Sons with over 10,000 employees, will merge with e-Nxt Financials Ltd, a 50:50 holding firm between Tata Sons and Tata Capital Ltd, which has over 7,500 staff. The combined entity will emerge among the top three-four companies in the domestic Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) space.
To be headquartered in Hyderabad, the new entity will be led by the MD and CEO of TBSS, Srinivas Koppolu. The MD and CEO of Tata Capital, Praveen P Kadle, is expected to be the Chairman.
The development, which has been in the offing for sometime, gained momentum in the past few weeks. A formal announcement is expected in the next couple of days, while the entire merger process, including going through the necessary regulatory requirements, would be completed by March 31, 2015, according to sources in the know.
This is also one of the first big internal corporate developments within the Tata Group after Cyrus N Mistry took over. He had announced his intention to consolidate the group’s strengths and grow the conglomerate.
The 10-year-old TBSS has operations spread across 19 delivery centres. It has 45-plus global and domestic clients (as of March 2014). It provides outsourced contact centre services to large telecom, Internet service providers, DTH, and online travel agencies. It has 1.2 million connects per day, delivering customer experiences in English (to US and some Indian clients) and 25 Indian languages.
On the other hand, the Mumbai-based e-Nxt with 250 Voice and Data support centres across the country, offers voice-plus field support services to the retail, telecom, automobile, hospitality, manufacturing and banking and financial services industry. The company is strong in extending end-to-end services to domestic and international clients for backend operations. The synergies derived from the integration will give a big boost to both the companies' strengths and employees, sources added.
Tatas’ big push in Telangana
Interestingly, the move also augurs well for the new State of Telangana. It comes close on the heels of the meeting of Tata Group Chairman Cyrus Mistry with the Chief Minister K Chandrasekhara Rao recently. The Tatas’ presence is growing in Hyderabad, with the expansion of Tata Advanced Systems Ltd's manufacturing facility in Adhibatla on the outskirts. TASL, a subsidiary of Tata Sons, makes helicopter cabins in a joint venture with Sikorsky. Recently, it also signed an agreement with Switzerland-based Pilatus Aircraft to manufacture and supply aero structures for the aircraft.
The CEO of TCS N Chandrasekhran also called on the CM this weekend and said the company plans to recruit around 28,000 people in its fast-growing operations out of the State capital.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)

ET Wealth: Buying property 10 tips to strik...You are here: Home > Collections > Sops
Planning to buy property? Consider these 10 points before striking a deal
Sanjay Kumar Singh & Amit Shanbaug, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 10.26AM IST
Tags:
Builders
(We tell you about the pitfalls…)
Sushmita Sinha, 47, a business woman based in Noida, is eager to buy an apartment, but is assailed by doubts on many fronts. Should she buy now or wait for some more time? Have the prices bottomed out or could they fall further? Every day she comes across newspaper advertisements from builders offering discounts and sops, each seemingly more attractive than the other. This avalanche of special offers has left Sinha confused. How should she go about assessing their real worth?
Then there are the complexities of taxation and insurance associated with the purchase of a house, all of which she finds perplexing. Like Sinha, thousands of buyers across the country want to purchase a property now, but don't have the answers to the abovementioned, and several other, questions.
In this week's cover story, we provide the required answers, tell you about the many pitfalls that you should avoid, and also offer a comprehensive road map to help you undertake what is, perhaps, the single largest, most expensive and important investment of your life.
1. Don't wait for prices to correct
Barring cities in the South, which have witnessed a considerable price rise over the past 12 months (see table), prices have been either stagnant or have risen marginally in the top cities. They have corrected in only a few pockets.
Says Om Ahuja, CEO, residential services, Jones Lang LaSalle India: "Prices have dropped in only a handful of projects in specific locations and extended suburbs. These are not relevant overall because either these locations or the specific products have inherent flaws."
To wait for a correction in prices from now onwards would amount to living in a fool's paradise. With a stable government coming to power, a Budget that had several positive provisions for the realty sector, and GDP growth reviving in the April-June quarter, the sentiment in the realty market may improve. So, buy property right away. Prices have already bottomed out. Since the pace of transaction remains slow, builders are still offering price discounts and other sops. Once the sales pick up, they may withdraw the offers.
 
2. Don't expect quick gains
Those investing in real estate now should not expect prices to rise sharply over the next year or so, the primary reason being that they have already increased to a high level in most cities, especially in Mumbai and the National Capital Region (NCR). Says Anshuman Magazine, CMD, CB Richard Ellis South Asia: "The sales volumes have gone down in Mumbai and the NCR because prices in these cities have risen very high. In places like Bangalore and Chennai, where prices are still at a level that can be absorbed by the market, sales are still happening."
Another factor that will prevent prices from appreciating is the huge pile-up of inventory in most cities (see High inventory will keep prices under pressure).
Even though sales have slowed down, developers keep launching projects because they have invested huge sums in land and need to earn returns. According to Pankaj Kapoor, MD, Liases Foras, a real estate research firm, "Prices in the top cities will be under pressure for the next year or two due to the accumulation of a huge inventory. Efficient markets maintain 8-10 months of inventory, but in most Indian cities the level is much higher." Owing to cost escalation, developers can't cut prices. So what we are likely to see is time correction. "Sales won't pick up until people's incomes rise to a level where current realty prices become affordable," says Kapoor.
If you are investing in real estate now, have an investment horizon of five years or more. Also, expect more modest returns than in the past. Says Magazine: "The time for quick and abnormal gains from real estate is over." He adds that Indians will have to get used to more normal gains from realty in the future, as is the case in the mature markets of the West. A normal rate of return implies one that exceeds the inflation rate by a few percentage points.
3. Factor in borrowing costs
The interest rates on home loans are currently in double digits. A combination of factors, including high prices of apartments, high home loan rates, and slow growth in salaries in urban areas owing to the economic slowdown, has made it difficult for people to buy a house. Those buying property as an investment must live with the fact that while they will have to pay 10-11 per cent interest on the loan, the current slowdown in the realty market means that the value of their property may not appreciate at all, or may see a single-digit rise. So their net gain may be negative in the short to medium term.

Rupee at Over Five-week High of 60.21; US Jobs Data AidsDollar Sweeps to 14-month High, Kicks Oil Below $100
Mumbai:
The rupee strengthened to a more than five-week high on Monday, tracking broad overnight losses in the dollar versus major currencies following the weaker-than-anticipated US jobs data.
Gains in other Asian units versus the dollar also helped sentiment.
By 9:31 a.m., the partially convertible rupee was at 60.21 per dollar, its strongest since July 31 and above its close of 60.39/40 on Friday.
The dollar slipped on Friday after data showed US employers added the fewest jobs in eight months, eroding confidence in the economy and reviving bets that the Federal Reserve might leave interest rates near zero for longer than anticipated.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Asian Shares Slip  China Data Fail to Temper ConcernsYou are here: Home Market
Asian Shares Slip, China Data Fail to Temper Concerns
Reuters | Updated On: September 08, 2014 08:51 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Fall Sharply As Fed Jitters Hit Global Markets Again
Tokyo:
Asian shares edged down on Monday, taking little comfort from mixed Chinese trade data, while sterling's decline after a poll showed rising support for Scottish independence helped bolster the dollar.
China's exports rose more than forecast in August while imports unexpectedly fell, pushing the trade surplus to a record high for the second consecutive month and underlining the challenges of sluggish domestic demand.
"The China data (strong exports, weak imports) shows that the global economy is recovering while the Chinese economy is showing a weaker-than-expected recovery," said Hikaru Sato, a senior technical analyst at Daiwa Securities.
Sterling shed 0.7 per cent to $1.6221 after sliding as low as $1.6165 in early trade, the lowest since last November and the biggest daily drop in eight months, after a poll showed the "yes" to Scottish independence campaign on 51 per cent against 49 per cent for the "no" camp.
Data on Friday showed US nonfarm payrolls grew by only 142,000 last month, far below the 225,000 forecast by analysts in a Reuters poll.
The downbeat jobs report suggested the Federal Reserve will hold off on hiking interest rates anytime soon, and helped the S&P 500 hit a fresh closing high.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.2 per cent, while the Nikkei stock average climbed about 0.2 per cent, shrugging off data that showed Japanese economy fell into a deeper hole in the second quarter.
Figures released before Tokyo opened showed Japan's economy shrank an annualised 7.1 per cent in April-June from the previous quarter, revised down from a preliminary 6.8 per cent contraction due to weaker-than-expected capital spending.
Indonesia's Jakarta Composite Index, meanwhile, hit a record high in early trading, besting the previous record set in May 2013.
In contrast to sterling's sharp moves, other major currencies were treading water. The dollar was steady on the day at 105.07 yen, remaining shy of its nearly six-year high of 105.71 touched on Friday.
The euro also steadied at $1.2952, holding above a 14-month low of $1.2920 hit last week in the wake of the European Central Bank's easing steps on Thursday.
Net short positions in the euro ballooned in the latest week ended September 2, rising to their largest in more than two years, according to data from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission released on Friday.
"The less extreme positioning in sterling and the looming Scottish referendum may mean that sterling lags behind the euro during the days ahead," Marc Chandler, global head of currency strategy at Brown Brothers Harriman in New York, said in a note to clients.
On the commodities front, spot gold was flat at $1,268.61 an ounce, well above a three-month low of $1,256.90 hit on Friday before the US jobs data.
Brent crude edged down 0.1 per cent to $100.70 a barrel, after having posted its third weekly drop in four weeks.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Punj Lloyd surges 9% on bagging order worth Rs 3 5151 croreSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 09:37 AM IST
Punj Lloyd surges 9% on bagging order worth Rs 3,515 crore
Punj Lloyd has surged over 9% after winning the mega Rs 3,515 crore Rapid tank farm order from PRPC refinery and Cracker
Shares of Punj Lloyd have surged over 9% to Rs 40.40 on the BSE after winning the mega Rs 3,515 crore Rapid tank farm order from PRPC refinery and Cracker, a subsidiary under the Petroleum National Berhad (PETRONAS) group, Malaysia’s national emergency group.
 
After winning this contract, Punj Lloyd group’s order backlog reaches Rs 24,679 crores.
 
The stock opened at Rs 36.55, touched a high of Rs 40.60 and a low of Rs 36.55 on the BSE. A total of 534,102 shares have been exchanged on the BSE so far.  
 Advertisements

Heavyweights lift Nifty to a new highSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 10:33 AM IST
Sensex up over 180 points; ONGC up 2.6%
ONGC, RIL, HDFC Bank, ITC and TCS among the top gainers
Building on its opening gains, the benchmark indices extended gains with teh BSE benchmark index up 189 points at 27,215 and the Nifty gained 55 points to trade at 8,141. Earlier in the hour, the Nifty had scaled an all time high of 8.149.25.
There was profit booking visible in the Consumer Durables space. The respective index slipped 0.3%  and was the only sectoral index in red on the BSE.  _________________
(Updated at 1035 hrs)
Markets opened on a strong note with the benchmark indices up 0.5% each in opening deals. The gains were lead by names like ONGC, RIL, ICICI Bank and L&T.
At 0918 hrs, the Sensex as up 166 points at 27,193 and the Nifty hit a new high with the index scaling a high of 8,143.50 in the opening trades. The earlier high for the index was at 8,141.90.
The broader markets were upbeat with both the small and midcap indices up over 0.5% each.
All the sectoral indices started in the green. Oil & Gas index up 1% was the top sectoral gainer along with Bankex, Health Care and Power indices up over 0.7% each.
The only losers among Sensex-30 were auto majors Maruti and M&M down 0.5% and 0.2% and Coal India down 0.3%.
ONGC, GAIL, L&T, Cipla, Dr Reddys, ICICI Bank, TCS and SBI up 1-2% were the top gainers.
The market breadth was very positive on BSE. 1,182 stocks advanced while 376 stocks declined.
Asian Markets
 Asian shares edged down on Monday, taking little comfort from mixed Chinese trade data, while sterling's decline after a poll showed rising support for Scottish independence helped bolster the dollar.
China's exports rose more than forecast in August while imports unexpectedly fell, pushing the trade surplus to a record high for the second consecutive month and underlining the challenges of sluggish domestic demand.
 Data on Friday showed US nonfarm payrolls grew by only 142,000 last month, far below the 225,000 forecast by analysts in a Reuters poll.
The downbeat jobs report suggested the Federal Reserve will hold off on hiking interest rates anytime soon, and helped the S&P 500 hit a fresh closing high.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.2%, while the Nikkei stock average climbed about 0.2%, shrugging off data that showed Japanese economy fell into a deeper hole in the second quarter.
Indonesia's Jakarta Composite Index, meanwhile, hit a record high in early trading, besting the previous record set in May 2013.
 Advertisements

Sensex  Nifty hit new record highs on fund inflowsMarket update: Sensex, Nifty end at new peak, up 1 per cent each
Agencies     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 17:56 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
After two-day of small correction, both the roaring key indices, Sensex and Nifty, went berserk, scaling their fresh historic peaks and rocketed by over one per cent each to register their new highs of 27,319.85 and 8,173.90 respectively on enhancing confidence among investors on sustained buying by foreign funds and fall in crude prices.
The benchmark S&P Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Monday resumed strong on the back of rally on Wall Street last Friday to log a life-time closing high of 27,319.85.
The 30-share barometer gradually moved up further to an intra-trade peak of 27,354.99 before spurting by 293.15 points, or 1.08 per cent, to end at a new high. In the last two trading sessions , it had risen by 113.33 points or 0.42 per cent.
Tracking the same trend, the broad-based 50-share Nifty of the National Stock Exchange (NSE) also commenced higher and rallied further to hit a new intra-day peak of 8,180.20 before recording new closing high of 8,173.90, up by 87.05 points (or 1.08 per cent).
Oil & Gas shares were at the forefront after fall in global crude oil prices after subdued US jobs data fuelled demand concerns and a cease-fire between Russia and Ukraine.
Brent crude oil for October settlement was trading above US $100 a barrel.
It will help the country to contain current account deficit and fiscal deficit. The country imports nearly 80 per cent of its crude oil requirements.
Persistant buying by foreign funds was the major force behind the current rally. The data showed that FPIs/FIIs bought shares worth Rs 4,813.38 crore last week, including provisional data of September 5.
Buying was seen in most of the sectors, as 11 out of 12 sectoral indices gained between 0.26 per cent and 1.79 per cent with Oil&Gas, FMCG, Bankex, Metal and IT shares taking the lead.
Tyre shares were in the limelight on hopes that recent sharp fall in rubber prices could boost the profitability of these companies. Apollo Tyres , Ceat Tyres, Dunlop India, Falcon Tyre, Goodyear India, JK Tyres, MRF and TVS Shrichakra closed strong between 4.92 per cent and 20.00 per cent.
Refinery shares were also attracted good buying support on fall in crude prices amid hopes of further reforms. HPCL, BPCL, Castrol, IOC, ONGC, Oil India, Cairn and RIL rose between 1.65 per cent and 4.32 per cent.
Meanwhile, investors got rich by almost Rs 1.25 lakh crore on Monday.
Mr Jignesh Chaudhary, Head of Research, Veracity Broking Services said, "Today Indian equity opened positively followed by the Rupee appreciation, positive sentiments in the global equities. Today indices posted new all time high with the help of blue chip companies which closed positively."
There was no major trigger from Asian markets, as China, South Korea and Taiwan were closed today for holiday while indices from Hong Kong eased by 0.20 per cent and Taiwan rose by 0.23 per cent. European stocks too were trading lower in their late morning deals. The CAC was down by 0.25 per cent, the DAX by 0.06 per cent and the FTSE by 0.69 per cent.
Overall, 26 of the 30-share sensex-based counters closed with gains while M&M, NTPC, Tata Power and HDFC finished with losses.
Major gainers were Hindalco (3.49 per cent), ONGC (2.78 per cent), SBI (1.94 per cent), HDFC Bank (1.80 per cent), Wipro (1.66 per cent), HUL (1.65 per cent), TCS (1.50 per cent), Infosys (1.29 per cent), RIL (1.19 per cent), Axis Bank (1.18 per cent), Maruti (1.12 per cent), Cipla, (1.09 per cent), L&T (1.02 per cent) , SSLT (0.98 per cent), Sun Pharma (0.96 per cent) and ITC (0.96 per cent).
Among the S&P BSE Sectoral indices, Oil&Gas firmed up by 1.79 per cent, FMCG by 1.40 per cent, followed by Bankex (1.38 per cent), CG (1.29 per cent), Metal (1.25 per cent), IT (1.22 per cent) and Teck (1.20 per cent).
Reflecting the rally in second-line stocks with their indices BSE-Smallcap and BSE-Midcap outperforming the sensex and closed strong by 2.11 per cent and 1.29 per cent, resulting the total market to remain strong as 2,081 stocks closed in the green while 947 settled in the red.

India rupee up 15 paise against US dollar in early tradePress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 8, 2014 10:08 am
Indian rupee recovered by 15 paise to 60.24 against the US dollar in early trade today at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market on increased selling of the American currency by exporters and banks amid sustained foreign fund inflows.
Forex dealers said besides increased selling of the American currency by exporters and banks, a higher opening in the domestic equity market and the dollar’s weakness against other currencies overseas supported the rupee.
The rupee had closed 3 paise lower at 60.39 against the dollar in the previous session on Friday.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex rose by 204.25 points, or 0.75 per cent, to hit new all-time high of 27,230.95 in early trade today.

Apple iPhone 6: What features should you expectWith the latest offering from Apple set to arrive, speculation is rife about the improvements in the new version.
ET SPECIAL:
With the latest offering from Apple set to arrive, speculation is rife about the improvements in the new version. ET compiles a list of features that might make you want to buy it.
TOUCHID SENSOR
TouchID is the name of Apple's fingerprint sensor that is currently available in the Apple iPhone 5. While the execution and response of TouchID is great, the technology is restricted to unlocking the phone and making purchases from the App store. With iPhone 6, Apple is expected to deliver a more durable TouchID sensor that will also have better fingerprint recognition. We hope that the improved TouchID will be able to perform additional functions, such as authenticating financial payments in combination with NFC (near field communication), and authentication for third-party apps.
LARGE DISPLAY
Initially, there was speculation that Apple would launch iPhone 6 in two screen sizes—4.7 inch and 5.5 inch. However, the more recent rumours focus on the 4.7 inch variant. Considering that the competition from large-screen Android devices is on the rise, Apple needs to provide its fans a bigger display to keep them happy. Another set of rumours points to Apple using the more durable and scratch-resistant Sapphire Glass for display. This is expected to address the issue of broken screens, a common consumer complaint for iPhones.
IMPROVED CAMERAS
Even though iPhone 5s has an 8MP sensor, it is one of the best camera phones. However, with the advancement in technology, we expect Apple to have a better camera in iPhone 6. There are mixed views regarding the camera sensor. Some say it is still an 8MP one, while others claim it to be a 13MP sensor. Considering that iOS8 will bring in manual camera controls, we expect Apple to opt for a 13MP or 16MP sensor. Other additions that may be included are integrated optical image stabilisation for better photos, an enhanced version of the true tone LED flash and a better front camera for selfies.
NEW DESIGN
The iPhone design has remained largely unchanged since iPhone 4 was launched. The only exception was the iPhone 5c, which came with a plastic body. However, leaked photographs have indicated that Apple has completely revamped the design of iPhone 6. It is expected to be slimmer with a metal unibody. These images also indicate that the power button will be moved to the side. In addition, the redesigned speaker holes are apparently at the bottom to deliver enhanced output.
IMPROVED WIRELESS CONNECTIVITY
Two new additions to iPhone's wireless capabilities are likely. The first is that Apple will integrate the NFC—a wireless technology that allows two devices to talk to each other—in iPhone 6. It can be used for pairing devices and making contactless payments at supported counters. The other is expected to be the latest WiFi 802.11ac standard for wireless connectivity, which offers faster transfer speed and improved coverage area. This will be a big benefit to the AirDrop iOS feature, which enables wireless transfers between Apple devices.
UPGRADED HARDWARE
In keeping with the trend of new hardware for every iPhone that is launched, an upgradation is likely in iPhone6. Expect a new 64 bit Apple A8 processor, along with an improved motion co-processor, 1-2 GB RAM, storage options between 16 GB and 128 GB, and longer battery life. All these will deliver a rich user experience on iOS 8 and facilitate various software features. As Apple has always focused on mobile gaming, the hardware upgrade could also allow for games to run smoothly on the larger screen. If Apple launches a 5.5-inch variant of iPhone 6, it is expected to have better hardware specifications. We expect a faster processor, bigger memory and a battery that lasts longer.

Sensex  Nifty hit record high; top ten stocks in focusYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex, Nifty hit record high; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 8, 2014, 10.02AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The Nifty was at 8,141.50…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rose as much as 222 points to hit a fresh record high of 27248.79 in trade on Monday, while Nifty rallied 60 points to hit its fresh life high of 8146.55.
At 10:00 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,231, up 204 points or 0.76 per cent. It touched a fresh record high of 27,248.79 and a low of 27,144.56 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8,141.50 up 54 points or 0.67 per cent. It touched an intraday record high of 8,146.55 and a low of 8126.15.
"Nifty closed on a negative note on Friday but I won't call that a selloff. We are seeing some corrections at higher levels and stock-specific moves," said Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth.
"You have got stocks which are outperforming and are making new highs at the same time. So in that sense the view still remains bullish," he added.
Wagle is of the view that 8,000 on Nifty will act as a very strong support and once we are above 8150 levels, the index may see 8250 levels.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
Tata Power Ltd: Tata Power Delhi Distribution has paid a dividend of about Rs 125 crore to its shareholders, the Delhi Government and Tata Power.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.06 per cent lower at Rs 88.20.
Cipla Ltd: Pharma major Cipla today said it will acquire two manufacturing units from its contract manufacturer Okasa for Rs 100.93 crore.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent higher at Rs 562.
Reliance Industries Ltd: The venture capital arm of Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) has tied up with Microsoft to launch a start-up accelerator, which kicks off its first batch next month.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.63 per cent higher at Rs 1031.95.
Sesa Sterlite Ltd: Sesa Sterlite said its Board has approved an enabling resolution for raising its borrowing limit by over 33 per cent to Rs 80,000 crore.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.87 per cent higher at Rs 283.50.
Bharti Airtel Ltd: Bharti Airtel is expected to reach an agreement on the sale of its telecom towers in Nigeria for more than $1 billion within the next three weeks. American Tower Company (ATC) is believed to be leading the race to buy the 4,000 towers, followed by IHS Towers, said a person aware of the status of talks.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.7 per cent higher at Rs 403.35.
DRL, Sun Pharma: Indian generic drug makers are exploring all options to get a foot in the door to Japan's lucrative but difficult-to-crack $111-billion drug industry.
At 10:00 a.m.; DRL was trading 0.9 per cent higher at Rs 3004, Sun Pharma was up 0.7 per cent to Rs 863.75.
Maruti Suzuki Ltd: In a setback to the government's "Make In India" drive, Maruti Suzuki has been compelled by the Haryana government to stop all construction work on a facility at Rohtak that was to develop and test cars for India and the world, the first such unit being set up outside Japan by the local auto maker's parent, Suzuki Motor.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.5 per cent lower at Rs 2868.
  M&M Ltd: Mahindra & Mahindra is looking to strengthen its global presence even as its sales have been shrinking in the local market, and industry experts say alliances with global auto majors could play a key role. At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.12 per cent lower at Rs 1406.50.
ONGC: Reversing the plans of the previous management, the new brass at the oil and gas producer ONGC has ruled out taking any of its five JVs, especially its power venture in Tripura and petchem venture OPAL, and also its sole subsidiary ONGC Videsh, public or exiting them.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2 per cent higher at Rs 452.80.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Re at over 5-wk high; weak US jobs data aidsAsian units
(By 9:05 a.m. (0335 GMT),…)
MUMBAI: The Indian rupee strengthened to a more than five-week high on Monday, tracking broad overnight losses in the dollar versus major currencies following the weaker-than-anticipated US jobs data.
Gains in other Asian units versus the dollar also helped sentiment.
By 9:05 a.m. (0335 GMT), the partially convertible rupee was at 60.24/25 per dollar, its strongest since July 31 and above its close of 60.39/40 on Friday.
The dollar slipped on Friday after data showed US employers added the fewest jobs in eight months, eroding confidence in the economy and reviving bets that the Federal Reserve might leave interest rates near zero for longer than anticipated.
Earlier this week, they have also revised their USD/INR targets to build in USD strength. Goldman Sachs's new 3, 6 and 12-month USD/INR forecasts are 61, 62 and 63 respectively from 58.5, 61 and 63 earlier.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Markets on a record-breaking spree: Here s how to insure your investments against major risksHow you can insure your investments against major risks
Narendra Nathan, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 10.07AM IST
Tags:
BNP Paribas
(Portfolio insurance is…)
With the BSE Sensex scaling the 27,000 peak and the NSE Nifty crossing the 8,000 mark, the Indian stock markets are on a roll. The action is more in the mid-and small-cap counters, where most of the retail investors trade. While the Sensex has gained 43% in the past year, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices have gained 77% and 100%, respectively. The news of investors making money has already started drawing new investors into the stock market. The sudden jump in the number of new demat accounts and the increase in the money flowing into the domestic equity mutual funds shows that domestic investors have finally woken up.
While a lot of good news is flooding the market, experts say that investors should not get too excited. They need to take precautions. Booking partial profits and getting into cash is an option. Some equity funds, such as the Quantum Long-Term Equity, have already started doing it. Quantum's cash position has reached 33% (see Steadily increasing cash position). "We increased the cash levels because the valuations of the good quality companies we want to buy have gone up," says Atul Kumar, head, equity funds, Quantum MF. It's not just the fundamental analysts, but also technical analysts, who are turning cautious. "With the weekly and monthly relative strength index (RSI) above 70, we are in an overbought zone now, so one should expect correction at any time," says Alex Mathews, head, research, Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services.
While most retail investors and 'long only' fund managers—those who are not allowed to short-sell in the derivatives market—use the 'increasing cash level' route, several sophisticated investors opt for portfolio insurance. Portfolio insurance is similar to life and general insurance policies that protect us against losses arising from unforeseen circumstances like death, fire, theft and earthquake. The only difference here is that portfolio insurance is a technique, not a policy, aimed at protecting one's stock market investments from a possible market crash. As is the case of normal insurance, peace of mind comes at a cost.
  Selling futures Selling in the futures market just before the correction, or when it has just begun, and squaring off the futures position after the market correction, is the standard technique in portfolio insurance. This appears similar to getting into cash, so why should sophisticated investors do this? First, liquidity is very high in the futures market compared to the cash market, and very big investors—those who hold more than 1% of the total market capitalisation of the company— have no option but to get into the futures market for protecting their portfolio. Since transaction costs in the futures market are much less compared to the cash market, it offers a cost advantage. Smart investors get into the futures market, especially when they think that the correction will last only for a few days.
Choosing the right futures contract is key to portfolio insurance. If investors hold only a few frontline stocks, they can sell those futures. However, if they hold a diversified portfolio, selling several stock futures and buying them back later will be a very costly affair. The best way out here is to buy an index option. Select an index with a high correlation to the portfolio you wish to protect. For instance, you can go with the Nifty options if you are holding a diversified portfolio of frontline stocks. However, if the portfolio consists mainly of banking stocks, you have to protect it with Bank Nifty.
Put options
While the options mentioned above—selling in cash or in futures—protect you from potential downturns, they also thwart gains if the market continues marching upward, and this is their biggest drawback. Is there a strategy that enables the investor to avoid, or reduce, the losses due to fall in prices, while at the same time allowing them to gain from a rise in prices? Yes, you can do this by buying put options. Put option is the right to sell a security (or an index) at a pre-determined price on a future date.
Assume that an investor has bought Infosys at Rs 3,730 (as on 3 September) with the expectation that it will go up, but does not want to risk the stock going down. The best way out for him is to buy an out-of-money put option. For example, the Infosys put option with a strike price of Rs 3,700 is quoting at Rs 52 (as on 3 September). So, the total cost works out to Rs 3,782. To understand this strategy better, let us assume three scenarios: bearish (Infosys crashes to Rs 3,300 by 25 September), bullish (Infosys rallies to Rs 4,200 by 25 September), and neutral (Infosys remain at Rs 3,730 on 25 September). If the price goes down as expected, the gains from the put options take care of a part of the losses. Instead of losing Rs 430 (Rs3,730 - Rs 3,300), the loss will be restricted to just Rs 82 (see Hedging via out-of-money put option).
 

Eye over 10% margins from Malaysian project: Punj LloydEye over 10% margins from Malaysian project: Punj Lloyd
Sensex gains 154 points to trade above 27 180 mark at openSensex gains 154 points to trade above 27 180 mark at open
Govt  RBI to tackle inflation  create sound framework: RajanHi Guest
Govt, RBI to tackle inflation, create sound framework: Rajan
The government and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will this year negotiate to formulate a monetary framework for the central bank that lays more emphasis on inflation, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said. “This year, the government and RBI will negotiate to formulate a monetary framework for RBI... the idea is to move towards an objective which has much more emphasis on inflation,” Rajan said in a speech in Chicago on Friday. He said the focus for RBI has been on controlling inflation ...

Zara Phillips reveals  fitness struggle  post pregnancyZara Phillips reveals  fitness struggle  post pregnancy
Sensex  Nifty Hit New Record; Rupee at 5-Week HighSensex  Nifty Hit New Record; Rupee at 5-Week High
Celebs  family  friends turn up at Joan Rivers  funeralCelebs  family  friends turn up at Joan Rivers  funeral
Cantabil Retail India s AGM on Sept 30  2014Cantabil Retail India s AGM on Sept 30  2014
Rupee at over 5-week high; weak US jobs data aidsRupee at over 5-week high; weak US jobs data aids
Watch experts talk on market momentumWatch experts talk on market momentum
Ciaz to replace SX4: Maruti SuzukiSave this video
Copy URL
Mayank Pareek, COO, Maruti Suzuki said that Ciaz will be the company’s new offering in premium sedan segment and it is expected to replace SX4 in the portfolio.
334

Sensex ends 59 points down on profit sellingMarket Update: Sensex ends 59 points down as selling continues for 2nd day
IANS     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 17:11 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Markets on Friday gave up initial gains with Sensex falling about 59 points to end at 27,026.70 and Nifty dipping over 9 points to close at 8,086.85 on profit selling in financial and auto stocks, amid weak global cues.
Losses were seen mainly in counters including HDFC, ICICI Bank, Tata Motors , Hero MotoCorp, Bharti Airtel, Coal India, BHEL and Tata Power, which weighed on the market.
Although Sensex ended in the negative zone, total market breadth was positive on the back of rally in second-line stocks on buying by retail investors. The S&P BSE Small-cap and Mid-cap indices outperformed the Sensex. They closed up by 1.25 per cent and 0.56 per cent respectively.
The 30-share Sensex resumed better and improved further to a high of 27,178.80, up by nearly 93 points, on the back of heavy buying by foreign funds. However, profit-selling erased the gains and the index ended at 27,026.70 - a fall of 59.23 points or 0.22 per cent. It touched an intra-day low of 26,920.56.
on Thursday, it has dipped 54.10 points or 0.20 per cent.
On Wednesday, it had zoomed to life high of 27,225.85 and then closed at record peak of 27,139.94.
For the week, the Sensex rose 388.59 points. This was its fourth straight weekly gain.
The wide-based 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE on Friday moved irregularly in a range of 8,122.70 and 8,049.85 before closing at 8,086.85 - a drop of 9.10 points or 0.11 per cent.
Meanwhile, provisional data showed Foreign Portfolio Investors invested a whopping Rs 1,697.74 crore on Thursday.
Globally, Asian shares slipped Friday after European Central Bank unveiled fresh measures. Eyes are now on the release of US jobs data later on Friday, which could have a bearing on Fed policy.
Europe's main stock markets dipped in late morning trades today after data showed the 18-nation eurozone economy stagnated in the second quarter with zero growth.
 

Sensex falls for 2nd day on profit booking; midcaps shineSep 05, 2014, 04.46 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex falls for 2nd day on profit booking; midcaps shine
For the week, the Sensex gained 1.5 percent and Nifty rose 1.7 percent while CNX Midcap shot up 4.1 percent and BSE Smallcap rallied 3.5 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex falls for 2nd day on profit booking; midcaps shine
For the week, the Sensex gained 1.5 percent and Nifty rose 1.7 percent while CNX Midcap shot up 4.1 percent and BSE Smallcap rallied 3.5 percent.
Post your opinion here
16:42
Moneycontrol Bureau
Equity benchmarks saw consolidation (with marginal downside) for the second consecutive session on Friday as investors remained cautious after indices hit record highs in middle of the week and on weakness in global equities ahead of US jobs data.
The 30-share BSE Sensex fell 59.23 points to close at 27026.70 while the 50-share NSE Nifty struggled for the second day to hold 8100 level but it could not, down 9.10 points to 8086.85. However, the broader markets outperformed benchmarks with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices rising 0.56 percent and 1.25 percent, respectively.
Though there was a consolidation (which was expected after huge run-up in previous sessions), experts remained firm on their analysis, saying the upmove may continue at least till the next Union Budget.
Sachin Shah, Fund Manager at Emkay Investment Managers believes the undertone for the market continues to remain buoyant on the back of good foreign institutional investor (FII) flows and net buying from domestic mutual funds.
There have been some positive signs on the macro front too like oil prices remaining subdued, some good quarterly results and government making right noises, which would keep up the buoyancy, says Shah.
Meanwhile, Vibhav Kapoor, group Chief Investment Officer, IL&FS feels Indian equities are not overvalued at this point and the Nifty could touch 9000 by March .
Global markets too were down ahead of US employment data due later today. France’s CAC, Germany’s DAX and Britain’s FTSE fell 0.2-0.7 percent, at 16:15 hours IST.
For the week, the Sensex gained 1.5 percent and Nifty rose 1.7 percent while CNX Midcap shot up 4.1 percent and BSE Smallcap rallied 3.5 percent.
Private banks and auto stocks saw selling pressure while technology and steel stocks gained strength.
Liquor maker United Spirits tanked 4.6 percent (the biggest loser in the Nifty 50) as brokerages turned cautious on the stock post FY14 earnings. Credit Suisse reduced target price on the stock to Rs 2200 from Rs 2700 and cut FY15-16 earnings per share estimates by 30-50 percent while CLSA revised its rating to underperform from sell.
Housing finance company HDFC, two-wheeler maker Hero Motocorp and state-run coal miner Coal India were prominent losers in the Sensex, down around 2 percent. Among others, ICICI Bank, Tata Motors, Bharti Airtel, BHEL and Tata Power fell over a percent.
Jaiprakash Associates crashed over 10 percent as brokerages turned bearish on the stock . Goldman Sachs is concerned about its high leverage, with 4.5X consolidated net debt to equity and 0.7X interest coverage (EBIT/interest expense) as of March-end. Besides, the promoter stake-sale some recent events have raised questions about its profitability, it added.
However, state-run iron ore miner NMDC and realty major DLF topped the buying list, up 5.27 percent and 4.75 percent, respectively. Shares of ONGC, State Bank of India, Bajaj Auto, Cipla, Sesa Sterlite and Gail India gained 1-1.5 percent.
In the technology space, three companies bagged big orders. Wipro was up nearly a percent on getting five-year strategic infrastructure management contract from Philip Morris International (PMI), the tobacco company.
India’s second largest software services exporter Infosys rose 0.6 percent on bagging five-year deal worth USD 500 million with BP. JP Morgan maintains overweight rating on the stock with a December 2015 price target of Rs 3900, stating that the recent management change has potentially delayed revenue growth recovery but has also brought much-needed visibility.
Tech Mahindra hit a record high of Rs 2,521.80 during the day, though it closed flat. The company and Bombardier Aerospace have signed a mutual agreement that will lead Tech Mahindra to work with Bombardier globally.
Engineering and construction major L&T was up 1.3 percent on getting big order worth more than Rs 5,100 crore from Madhya Pradesh state utility for setting up 1320 MW power plant.
Advancers beat decliners on the Bombay Stock Exchange by a ratio of 1698 to 1269.
14:00

After battering J&K and Punjab  monsoon set to storm central IndiaAfter battering J&K and Punjab, monsoon set to storm central India
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 6:  
Jammu and Kashmir and Punjab have, over the past couple of days, hogged the limelight for receiving some heavy rainfall for this time of the year.
The immediate cause was the overnight intensification of an existing low-pressure area perched over Punjab, thanks to moisture from all round.
ADDS VERVE
The presence of a western disturbance may have added to the verve of the ‘low’ spraying rain in a manner not witnessed anytime during this monsoon.
The downpour has been as unusual — though not expected given the build-up — and as rare during a phase that normally sees the monsoon withdraw from this region.
Punjab and adjoining Haryana-Chandigarh-Delhi have been the two Met subdivisions to remain in the ‘scanty rainfall’ category (deficit of 59- to 99 per cent) up till now.
The scene of compelling rain rage will now shift back to where it has kicked off every time during the past week or two — the East of India and into the Bay of Bengal.
‘LOW’ FORMS
An expected a ‘low’ has formed over the North Bay of Bengal, off the West Bengal and Bangladesh coasts, markedly north-northeast to the suspected area of genesis.
The ‘low’ had to form in any case, but it had to look for a base farther northeast due to the intensification and aggressive whims of its counterpart over northwest India.
Neither can it hope to enter the coast until it gets a grudging nod from the latter, so it can take control of proceedings over land.
That nudge would come over the next couple of days, but after the challenger cedes its current position and retreats south towards the Andhra Pradesh coast.
WET COVER, AGAIN
In the meantime, the incumbent over northwest India would have left the borders into Pakistan, clearing the way for the challenger to force its way into central India.
This it would do in style, intensifying a round and roaring its way in with a massive and expanded cover of heavy to very heavy rainfall over east-central India.
The India Met Department has forecast heavy to very heavy rain, with isolated extreme falls over Odisha, coastal Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, and Andaman and Nicobar for today.
Heavy rainfall is forecast for Vidarbha, Chhattisgarh, Konkan-Goa, coastal Karnataka, south interior Karnataka and Kerala as also in Jammu and Kashmir.
As for tomorrow (Sunday), heavy to very rain with isolated extreme falls are likely over coastal Andhra Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Odisha, Telangana, and Konkan-Goa.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)

Fidelity Investment buys15.84 lakh shares of Info EdgeSep 06, 2014, 01.27 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Fidelity Investment buys15.84 lakh shares of Info Edge
On September 05, 2014 Fidelity Investment Trust Fidelity Intnl Discovery Fund bought 15,84,246 shares of Info Edge at Rs 784.98.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Fidelity Investment buys15.84 lakh shares of Info Edge
On September 05, 2014 Fidelity Investment Trust Fidelity Intnl Discovery Fund bought 15,84,246 shares of Info Edge at Rs 784.98.
Post your opinion here
 
On September 05, 2014 Small Cap World Fund Inc sold 16,78,948 shares of Info  Edge India at Rs 785 on the NSE.
However, Fidelity Investment Trust Fidelity Intnl Discovery Fund bought 15,84,246 shares at Rs 784.98.
In the previous trading session, the share closed at Rs 802.65, up Rs 33.30, or 4.33 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 817 and 52-week low Rs 303 on 26 August, 2014 and 06 September, 2013, respectively.
 

Chinese conglomerate leads race for Sahara hotelsChinese conglomerate leads race for Sahara hotels
Mail Today Bureau      New Delhi    Last Updated: September 6, 2014  | 17:10 IST
Sahara Group chairman Subrata Roy.
Sahara Group chairman Subrata Roy has lined up four other buyers for a mortgage-cum-sale deal for his three iconic hotels in New York and London and sought another 15 working days from the Supreme Court to raise the Rs 10,000 crore required for his regular bail.
According to a source close to the development, the four buyers in the race include a cash-rich Chinese infrastructure and real estate conglomerate which has emerged as the front-runner, a Geneva-based firm, a business entity in New York and a Middle East princeling.
The names of the entities cannot be disclosed as they have signed non-disclosure agreements, the source added. The Sultan of Brunei is still reported to be interested in the deal despite the strong protests against him by gay activists outside the trophy hotels in New York.
Appearing before the Supreme Court (SC) Bench headed by Justice T.S. Thakur on Friday, Roy's counsel submitted that there have been huge protests outside the hotels after an international newspaper published the story that the Sultan is buying the properties.
"A very serious problem has cropped up in the last three days after the paper reported that the Sultan of Brunei is buying the properties," senior advocate S. Ganesh said.
Following this, there have been very violent protests outside the hotels and the buyers are reconsidering a deal which is now on the verge of being scrapped, Ganesh told the court.
He urged the court to grant Roy another 15 working days to hold negotiations to save the deal or to talk with the four other buyers.
"It is a very unfortunate incident and it is a setback for us. It is beyond our control," Ganesh said asking the Bench to consider his plea for extending the time limit on Monday. The court said that it will take up his plea if it is possible for the special Bench hearing his case to assemble on that day.
The SC had on August 1 allowed Roy and two directors of his group to use the conference room in Tihar Jail complex for 10 days from August 5 to hold negotiations with potential buyers for the hotels- Dream Downtown and The Plaza in New York and Grosvenor House in London.
Facilities such as computers and assistants have been provided for his use. The time period was further extended for 15 days on August 14. Sahara would prefer to mortgage its iconic overseas hotels rather than go in for an outright sale to raise Rs 10,000 crore, which has to be deposited with the Securities and Exchange Board of India. Roy has been trying to find a buyer for the past month.

After loss of face  VK Singh wants Narendra Modi govt to step in  blames ArmyAfter loss of face, VK Singh wants Narendra Modi govt to step in, blames Army
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 06 2014, 18:53  IST
Sep 06 2014, 18:53  IST
 

Dalit student s wrist slit  for wearing watch  in MaduraiSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Why corporate honchos are turning entrepreneursAzim Premji
(They’re not the hot, young…)
In 2011, Sudarshan Motwani took premature retirement from ING Vysya Bank, and set out on a driving holiday with his wife, from Delhi to Rajasthan, Lavasa, Panchgani and Goa. In between destinations, Motwani would ponder about life after retirement. Writing, reading, volunteer work for NGOs, teaching in schools...the career banker toyed with several options. On the 7th day of his 23-day trip, an idea came up that got him all fired up. While on the road, he began fleshing out the idea with his son in the United States. By the time he was back, Motwani was ready: To start up. At the ripe age of 57.
Last summer, Motwani launched Bookmyforex. com, an internet portal that allows Indian travellers to book foreign exchange online at competitive rates. Having spent three decades setting up foreign exchange service verticals for American Express, HDFC Bank and ING Vysya, Motwani reckoned he knew the business inside out. "I was overconfident. I had done this all my life," he recalls. Motwani, who turned 60 in February this year, soon realized that the business was familiar but not the terrain. "I cannot remember working this hard ever," he says. He begins his day at 5.30 am and it doesn't end before 10 pm. And he no longer takes home a salary, forget a fat one. Things that he took for granted as a banker — from legal to technology advice — began piling up on his long list of expenses. "Suddenly small amounts look big to you," he shrugs.
But you know what — Motwani is enjoying every bit of the ride. Every challenge overcome is a victory, a celebration. Hiring young people with little or no experience, and training them on the job — rather than seasoned but highly paid executives — has its own thrill. As does surmounting the struggle at the technology backend — thanks to his techie son, who worked in Silicon Valley and has now relocated to take charge of the technology back-end, Motwani has a good handle on it. "I haven't felt this high ever. I haven't taken off a single day for the past two years. I live and breathe to make this the largest portal in the space in India," he says, all charged up.
60 and Starting Up
It's time to erase some of those cliched images that play in your head at the mention of the word start-up.
Images of 20-year-olds in frayed jeans, T-shirts and sneakers with 'fire-in-the-belly', 'thinking out of the box' and getting rich quick (few do actually). India is in the midst of a start-up boom — and it's not just the young, college grads who are turning entrepreneur. Like Motwani a growing breed of seasoned executives, either tired of or jaded by their corporate lives, is seeking an adrenaline rush by starting up. They may not be as sexy and celebrated and hence don't make as many headlines but their numbers are swelling and they're leaving their mark on the country's entrepreneurial landscape. Having worked in the corporate sector, "they bring in experience, planning and structure to the [chaotic] start-up world," says Ashish Dhawan, founder, ChrysCapital, a private equity fund. Dhawan himself quit a successful career to start up in the 1990s. Seasoned executives like Rajneesh Singh, 50, are seeking to infuse some excitement in their professional lives by starting up.
Singh, an HR specialist who has worked for leading companies like Network18, Vodafone, Eicher and Hindalco has set up an HR outsourcing firm called SimplyHR. "This is your own baby. And you have enormous freedom to manage the business," he says. Others like Hari Menon have flitted between corporate jobs and stabs at entrepreneurship. Menon began his career with ORG Systems in 1984; in 1999 he co-founded retail start-up Fabmart.com. By the mid-2000s, Menon was back in a corporate job, heading IndiaSkills, a joint venture with Manipal Education.
 
Three years ago, he was back in startup mode, as one of the co-founders of Bigbasket. com, an e-grocer. "I am not a conformist. I always wanted to break rules, try new things. Being an entrepreneur came naturally," he says. Bigbasket has a presence in Bangalore, Hyderabad and Mumbai, has 2 lakh customers and did business of Rs 85 crore in 2013-14.
Mahesh Murthy, co-founder, Seedfund, an early-stage investment fund, guesstimates that over the past four years he has seen the number of plans from entrepreneurs coming to him go up from 100 a month to 200-plus now. Four years back, almost 95% of the plans came from young under-30 lot; these days, he reckons, close to 40% of the plans are from middle-aged entrepreneurs. However, funds focused on tech or appdriven start-ups still report a huge skew towards under-30 entrepreneurs.

RIL s GenNext  Microsoft to launch 10 startupsRIL's GenNext Ventures, Microsoft to launch 10 startups soon
ET Bureau Sep 6, 2014, 04.49AM IST
Tags:
Bhaskar Pramanik
("The first hub will start…)
MUMBAI: The venture capital arm of Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) has tied up with Microsoft to launch a startup accelerator, which kicks off its first batch next month. GenNext Ventures and Microsoft Ventures have signed a three-year partnership that will look to mentor and offer technical advice to startups in the programme.
"The entire issue is about knowledge getting monetised. The challenge with these innovators is that they understand the knowledge part of it but don't know how to monetise it," said RA Mashelkar, chairman of GenNext and board member of RIL.
ET reported earlier this week that RIL and Microsoft will join hands to mentor startups from India.
The accelerator, known as the GenNext Innovation Hub, will have around 10 startups in the first batch which is open for new applications until September 25. The first hub will be based in Navi Mumbai in a "plug and play area" of 12,000 square feet, and the two firms will open additional hubs across the country in the future.
The accelerator will not make any initial investment or pick up stakes in shortlisted startups, unlike international accelerators such as Y Combinator. Decisions on investment will be taken after the programme, which will take place twice a year over a fourmonth stretch each, is over. "Reliance Industries believes in developing market and so do we. Therefore this venture. There is no profit intent in this," said Microsoft India chairman Bhaskar Pramanik .
Big data, education, healthcare, digital media, mobility and machine-to-machine startups will be the focus area for the accelerator. GenNext Innovation Hub has an advisory team of 20-25 members that include noted computer scientist Vijay Bhatkar, IIT Bombay's Ashwin Gumaste and venture capital investors such as Kae Capital's Sasha Mirchandani and Aavishkaar's Vineet Rai.
RIL's move to open an accelerator comes as India's startup boom has given rise to a number of accelerators such as Gurgaon-based GSF Accelerator, Venture Nursery in Mumbai, Kyron Accelerator and The Startup Centre in Chennai. Multinational corporations such as Target, Coca-Cola and Pitney Bowes have also launched accelerator programmes in India.
International accelerators such as 500 Startups and even Y Combinator are also seeing increasing interest from Indian startups looking at a global exposure. But some have also been rethinking the accelerator model in India. Morpheus, India's first accelerator, decided to stop accepting applications earlier this year.
"A high-quality entrepreneur today does not want to go to an accelerator. This is because he can do a lot of self learning. Besides, advice and money are now easily available," said Sameer Guglani, co-founder of Morpheus Gang, which backed startups such as realty classifieds firm Commonfloor and social platform for coders HackerRank.
Venture Nursery, an accelerator based in Mumbai, has been focusing on smaller batches of two startups unlike the more typical dozen-strong startup batches. "A copy of international models does not work in India," said Apoorv Sharma of Venture Nursery.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IIM Calcutta to incubate 40 startups over 5 yearsAjit Balakrishnan
(The Indian Institute of…)
NEW DELHI: The Indian Institute of Management (IIM) Calcutta has launched a new startup incubator as it looks to tap into India's burgeoning start-up eco-system.
The incubator, IIMCalcutta Innovation Park (IIP), which has been registered as a Section 8 company under the new Companies Act, plans to host about 40 startups over five years. It will focus on five key sectors-healthcare, education, clean technology, lifestyle and analytics.
"The incubator will focus on entrepreneurial ventures developing product as well as delivery of services," said Ashok Banerjee , dean, new initiatives and external relations, at IIM Calcutta .
Energy solutions venture ONergy, Doctors For You and primary education-focused company Edwell will be among the first batch of incubated start-ups, while two more ventures are expected to join over the next two months.
IIP, which will provide seed funding of 5- 50 lakh for an undisclosed stake in the ventures, will receive about 7 crore in funding from the Department of Science and Technology , which will be allocated over the same period. It also plans to raise up to 20 crore from its alumni.
The management institute counts notable entrepreneurs such as TutorVista founder Krishnan Ganesh, Rediff's Ajit Balakrishnan and Rocket Internet-backed Jabong's Praveen Sinha among its alumni.
IIP will also look to develop start-up enterprises from the eastern part of the country, a region not traditionally known for emerging enterprises. "The east is still a virgin territory in terms of entrepreneur development, and where we hope to foster change," said Banerjee.
The development comes at a time when private sector incubators and accelerators have taken the lead in building the country's still-nascent startup eco-system.
"The big issue has been the overall infrastructure. Unlike in the US, our really great academic institutions are standalone ones. There is no central ecosystem yet," said Ajit Rangnekar dean, Indian School of Business , which runs the DLabs business incubator.
Apart from ISB, IIM Ahmedabad, IIT Madras and IIT Bombay are among the handful of education institutions to have established a strong reputation in incubating startups.
IIM Ahmedabad's Centre for Innovation, Incubation and Entrepreneurship has seeded over 100 start-ups, including traffic monitoring system Birds Eye Systems and healthcare delivery company Forus , with over 80% going on to raise external capital. "It's been pretty dismal. Two or three institutions have done a great job, but the others have just paid lip service," said Rajesh Sawhney , founder of GSF Accelerator, a leading start-up accelerator in the country.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi s been lucky; now make it sustainablePM Narendra Modi's been lucky; now make it sustainable
By Swaminathan S Anklesaria Aiyar, TNN | 7 Sep, 2014, 10.46AM IST
0
Share More
Modi became Prime Minister only on May 26. His ministers would barely have understood their portfolios in the April-June quarter. They did not create faster growth in that quarter.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
When a general with excellent credentials was recommended for promotion, Napoleon asked "But is he lucky?" In politics, as in war, luck counts for a lot. Narendra Modi today is riding a wave of good luck.
GDP growth in the April-June quarter hit 5.7%, the highest for two years. BJP spin-masters say "achhe din" have arrived. Sorry , this is temporary, and represents good luck more than good management.
Modi became Prime Minister only on May 26. His ministers would barely have understood their portfolios in the April-June quarter. They did not create faster growth in that quarter. Ex-finance minister Chidambaram claims faster GDP growth was due to Congress initiatives. Sorry, no. The Election Commission prohibited any new decisions once the elections were notified in April. Nobody can claim credit for the April-June GDP improvement, not even the EC! Despite good credentials, Chidambaram was an unlucky FM in 2012-14, and (as Napoleon would have predicted) this contributed to his party's electoral defeat. He started well, pushing through FDI in multi-brand retail and getting the Cabinet to clear lakhs of crores of stuck projects. The stock market boomed, and inflation decelerated, bringing promise of interest rate cuts.
Then bad luck struck. Demand for gold suddenly skyrocketed in early 2013, creating a record trade deficit. At that point, Fed chief Bernanke hinted at a rise in US interest rates. In response, billions of dollars exited from all emerging markets (including India) into the US. The rupee crashed from Rs 55 to Rs 68 per dollar before recovering slowly to Rs 62.
The falling rupee greatly increased the rupee price of imported items like diesel and fertilizers, smashing Chidambaram's plan to prune subsidies and curb the fiscal deficit. The RBI had to raise interest rates, scotching chances of an industrial recovery . The global economy slowed, and India with it. Chidambaram correctly blamed bad luck in external factors for many problems, but such explanations do not convince voters.
Modi was lucky to face such an unlucky opponent. He continues to be lucky: Brent crude has fallen to just $101 barrel after touching $115barrel earlier this year. This has hugely reduced the oil subsidy , and will reduce the fertilizer subsidy too (fertilizer and oil prices are correlated). This good luck will help the BJP achieve its fiscal targets. Cheaper oil, coal, gold and silver will help check the trade deficit too.
After three years of falling growth under the UPA, some bounce-back was inevitable. Modi was lucky to have fought an election at the bottom of the economic cycle. In the US, Obama fought the 2008 election in the middle of the Great Recession, and Clinton fought the 1992 election right after the 1991 recession. Like Modi, they were lucky winners.
Global GDP growth is now picking up after three years of slowing down. Chidambaram often wailed about the slowdown, while Modi today keeps silent about his luck in benefiting from this year's global recovery . Meanwhile the US Fed has kept interest rates low, so the tsunami of dollars that exited emerging markets in the second half of 2013 has flooded right back in 2014, lifting Indian markets to record heights. This makes it much easier for the BJP government to achieve disinvestment targets, and for its ailing banks to raise fresh capital.
While Modi has unquestionably been lucky , it's wrong to say that he has done very little to spur growth. His policy changes have been only incremental, and he has disappointed those anticipating radical change. Yet he can claim credit for improving the economy even before getting elected. When opinion polls began to predict his election victory from January onwards, that itself helped attract a flood of dollars into India, lifting markets and strengthening the rupee (something that helped curb inflation). These trends have continued after his election.
He has done little policy overhaul. But he has instilled confidence in the bureaucracy , and files are moving again.Administrative rules have been tweaked to expedite projects.Animal spirits of investors are soaring.
However, Modi must learn from Chidambaram that confidence is fickle, and can collapse in microseconds. Much more is needed to sustain rapid growth. The monsoon has been subnormal, so food inflation remains high. At some point in 2015 the US will start raising interest rates, and dollars could flood out of all emerging markets including India. Modi's policy increments and administrative improvements will carry him some distance, but no further. Without major policy changes, the deep structural problems of the economy will ultimately re-assert themselves. At that point, his luck may run out too. Let him stand warned.
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Opinion on Twitter Follow

Shinzo Abe - Narendra Modi bromance goes beyond trade tiesHowever, what added an extra zing was the underlying convergence in the political approaches of Modi and Japan’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
By Swapan Dasgupta
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's mischievous aside in Tokyo about "secular" critics at home question ing his gift of the Bhagavad Gita to Emperor Akihito wasn't out of place in Japan. His hugely success full five-day visit to Japan was mainly centred on the promotion of India as a manufacturing hub and interlocking the two countries in a larger strategic dialogue. However, what added an extra zing was the underlying convergence in the political approaches of Modi and Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe .
It is instructive to recall that prior to Russia's President Vladimir Putin emerging as the principal rogue leader of a 'normal' country -Syria, Iraq and the Caliphate are thought to be beyond the pale -that position had been occupied by Abe. Just as the entire liberal establishment of the West had agonized over the horrendous implications of an India under the 'majoritarian' Modi, they had earlier rung alarm bells over Abe's supposed bid to rekindle militaristic Japanese nationalism.
In a quirky process of ideological realignment, the anti-Abe clamour was joined by China, a country that is otherwise careful to maintain its distance from the internal politics of other countries. It is no surprise that the state-controlled Chinese media has debunked the idea of an Indo-Japan 'united front' as "crazy fantasy generated by Tokyo's anxiety of facing a rising Beijing".
As someone who has been at the receiving end of cosmopolitan derision for insisting that a modern, indeed, global India has to be rooted in traditional values and cultures, and that social harmony necessitates national pride, Modi has reason to be sympathetic to Abe's plight. The Japanese PM who got a resounding mandate on the promise to extri cate Japan from a period of prolonged stagnation is also committed to reworking the political settlement imposed on Japan by the occupation forces after 1945. Why this right should be contested seven decades after the World War is bewildering.
Abe is seeking to reverse Japan's constitutional commitment to pacifism by re-building a national army for the 'self-defence' of the islands. India is an important partner in this process as is Australia.Interestingly, an increasingly beleaguered US has shed its objections to Abe's "active pacifism" because of its growing inability to undertake the global responsibilities it assumed during the Cold War. The only real elephant in the room is, quite predictably, China that nurtures a visceral distaste of anything remotely resembling Japanese selfassertion. Like the patronising Charles De Gaulle, Beijing would rather keep alive the stereotype of the Japanese as "transistor salesmen".
The second feature of the Abe project has been painted -in language familiar to India's chattering classes -as "divisive" and "polarising." The postwar settlement, apart from disbanding the military, led to Japan's defeated leadership accepting the downgrading of the Shinto faith and adopting a school curriculum that promoted collective selfflagellation for the sins of militarism and Emperor worship. As a nation, Japan appears to have accepted apologia as its national creed with, many believe, ominous consequences.
There are undeniably facets of Japan's past that invite unease. But that is true for almost all countries without exception. However, what is unacceptable is that 69 years after the world's greatest weapons of mass destruction were tested on the civilians of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, Japan is obliged to persist with a history written by the victors of that war. Western liberals have teamed up with China's Red nationalists to question the right of Japan to honour the souls of those who died for the Emperor - then considered the personification of the nation. China stopped within an inch of severing diplomatic ties with Japan after former Prime Minister Koizumi made annual pilgrimages to the Yasukuni shrine in Tokyo - a temple that blends national honour and faith.
Maybe Modi should have visited Yasukuni but not out of a desire to score a point against China.He would have paid tribute to those Japanese martyrs who also died for the freedom of India. He would have witnessed Japan's tribute to the Indian judge who contested the principle of victors' justice. Equally, and in the context of the proposed monument in Delhi, he would have imbibed the significance of crafting an inseparable link between a martyr's memorial and the national ethos.
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Opinion on Twitter Follow

Cautious optimism is the verdict on PM Modi’s 100 daysCautious optimism is the verdict on PM Narendra Modi’s 100 days
By Gurcharan Das, TNN | 7 Sep, 2014, 11.00AM IST
Those frustrated by the lack of big-bang reforms do not realize that India’s great deficit is not ideas, policies, or laws but the poor execution of existing ones.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
Indians elected Narendra Modi to create masses of jobs, give good governance, and control inflation. It is too soon to tell if he will keep his three promises. The first hundred days indicate how he intends to pursue these three objectives. The verdict so far leaves us cautiously optimistic.
Modi's defining contribution to date is to dramatically improve execution at all levels of the government. The Congress carps about the lack of new ideas. But anyone can have ideas - only a few can implement them. Those frustrated by the lack of big-bang reforms do not realize that India's great deficit is not ideas, policies, or laws but the poor execution of existing ones. Executional paralysis was one of the main reasons for India's growth rate plummeting in the past three years.
From day one, Modi set high expectations. He refused to accept a safer, more achievable fiscal deficit target for this year, arguing that people perform to expectations. Whether he will achieve the target is doubtful but there is a new sense of purpose and a visible change in attitude at many levels in the government. Tangible evidence has emerged from the Cabinet Secretariat's Project Monitoring Group, which is attempting to debottleneck hundreds of stalled projects. It is vigorously engaged with officials from central ministries, the states and businesses. It reports that the same officials who were obstructive or indifferent and blocked hundreds of projects in the last government are now upbeat, motivated and are clearing the massive backlog.
The challenge is daunting. When an infrastructure project has been stalled for years, the entrepreneur is generally bankrupt, having caused massive pain to the banks. Even if the environment ministry clears it now, the banks refuse to finance it. Add to this the impossible hurdle imposed by the new land acquisition law.Many states report that all land transactions have come to a halt since the new law was enacted. When you multiply this by hundreds of stalled projects, you can only sit down and cry over this appalling legacy of the UPA. It is a tribute to the new, positive energy released by Modi that instead of throwing up their hands, officials are trying to find answers - even the chalta hai civil servant is doing some remarkable things.
The systemic solution to this mess is an ambitious project tasked by Modi which could transform the clearance process. The same Project Monitoring Group is digitizing on a common platform 60 clearances required for setting up an industry in India - 25 at the centre and 35 in the states. When completed, entrepreneurs will be able to file applications online and track their progress transparently on the net. The world will also get to know who the offending official sitting on my file is, and entrepreneurs will come close to realising their dream of a single window.
Superior execution will go some ways to lift growth and create jobs but only significant reforms will achieve Modi's first objective. Transparency in clearances will create accountability and slash India's notorious red tape. But Modi would have got higher marks for furthering governance if he had tasked the group to cut down the sixty clearances to ten, and India's dismal ranking would also have jumped on the Ease of Doing Business. When it comes to controlling food inflation , Modi's government has been selling grain from excess reserves and this has brought down grain prices. But India's food basket has changed and if he had cut import duties and removed non-tariff barriers on higher value foods, especially key vegetables, he would have scored higher on his third objective. Modi is lucky, however. The petroleum price has fallen and the monsoon is not disastrous, and if he is able to realize savings in government expenditure, it will help lower inflation.
In our obsession with accountability we have forgotten that the state was created to act. Modi's three months teach us how an effective leader is able to enhance state capacity through outstanding implementation. To achieve his three objectives, however, Modi will have to bite the bullet and execute the second generation reforms and begin the reform of governance institutions.Importantly, he must rein in the saffron brigade which is becoming an unnecessary distraction to keeping his three promises.
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Opinion on Twitter Follow

Six easy Google steps to ensure that your data is secureSix easy Google steps to secure your data
4 Sep, 2014
BusinessInsider.in
Over the weekend, several celebrity accounts were hacked, and nude photos of them were leaked online.
There could have been many ways that the hackers might have gained access to the photos, including via iCloud, as well as other cloud services, such Google Drive.
In a statement, Apple said, "To protect against this type of attack, we advise all users to always use a strong password and enable two-step verification."

Shipments to Iran zoomUpdated: September 7, 2014 00:08 IST
Shipments to Iran zoom
manufacturing and engineering
Despite being located in a strife-torn region, Iran, Turkey and Jordan have surprised Indian engineering exporters with good growth rates this year, according to available EEPC India data.
Iran, with whom trade could not be done in a smooth manner earlier because of the U.S. sanctions, is now giving a big market to Indian engineering exporters. Consignments to that country have jumped over 100 per cent year-on-year for the April-July period. For July, shipments zoomed to $177 million from $52 million in the previous year.
“West Asia, as a whole, has been giving us good demand along with the European countries, though some key European nations are still grappling with slowdown,” Anupam Shah, Chairman of EEPC India,(formerly the Engineering Export Promotion Council), said.
While the northern parts of Iraq and Syria have turned into war zones, the bordering Turkey in the north has accounted for 89 per cent increase in engineering exports from India to $155 million in July 2014 from $82 million a year ago.
Exports between April and July more than doubled to $638 million from $309 million a year ago.

Indian bank branches in UK face closureIndian bank branches in UK face closure
Prasun Sonwalkar , Hindustan Times  London, September 06, 2014
First Published: 19:37 IST(6/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:40 IST(7/9/2014)
Comments
The Bank of England on Friday issued tougher rules that could lead to the closure of several bank branches including some headquartered in India.
Banks need to follow the new regime designed to reduce the impact of the potential failure of their parent banks in India and other non-EU countries on the UK.
The Prudential Regulatory Authority (PRA) of the Bank of England had issued a consultation paper outlining the new rules in February. The consultation ended in May and the new rules came into force from Friday.
The rules affect ‘branches’ of international banks and not ‘subsidiaries’. According to the Bank of England, there are 145 branches of international banks operating in Britain, accounting for 31 per cent (2.4 trillion pounds) of the total assets of the banking system.
The five Indian banks who operate ‘branches’ in the UK and cater mainly to the large Indian diaspora are Bank of Baroda, Bank of India, Export-Import Bank of India, Syndicate Bank and State Bank of India. Together, they hold millions of pounds in deposits.
The four Indian banks who operate as ‘subsidiaries’ are Union Bank of India, Punjab National Bank, ICICI and Axis Bank.
In order to continue functioning in the UK, Indian banks with branches will have to go through a lengthy overhaul of their legal structures into subsidiaries or deliver what is called “a very high level of assurance” from the bank regulator in India.
For branches from outside the EU, the Bank of England said that the new regime focuses on three main factors: Whether the home state supervision of the firm is equivalent to that of the PRA; the branch’s UK activities such as whether they will undertake wholesale or retail banking activities; whether the PRA has assurance from the home supervisor over the firm’s resolution plan in a way that reduces the impact on financial stability in the UK.
It said: “Where the PRA is satisfied of these factors, it will also need to have a clear and agreed split of prudential supervisory responsibilities with the home state supervisor. Where the PRA is not content, it will consider the most appropriate course of action, which could include refusing authorisation of a new branch or cancelling an authorisation of an existing branch”.

8 Sensex blue-chips add Rs 52 277cr in market valuationSep 07, 2014, 01.38 PM IST  | Source: PTI
8 Sensex blue-chips add Rs 52,277 cr in market valuation
Eight of the top 10 most valued Indian firms together added Rs 52,277 crore in market valuation last week, with TCS, CIL and RIL emerging as the biggest gainers.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
8 Sensex blue-chips add Rs 52,277 cr in market valuation
Eight of the top 10 most valued Indian firms together added Rs 52,277 crore in market valuation last week, with TCS, CIL and RIL emerging as the biggest gainers.
Post your opinion here
 
Eight of the top 10 most valued Indian firms together added Rs 52,277 crore in market
valuation last week, with TCS, CIL and RIL emerging as the biggest gainers.
Barring ITC and ICICI Bank, rest eight companies including ONGC, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI and Sun Pharma saw gains in their market capitalisation (m-cap).
The m-cap of outsourcing giant TCS surged by Rs 14,181.19 crore to Rs 5,08,681.66 crore. State-owned Coal India's market valuation jumped by Rs 9,379.8 crore to Rs 2,34,495.03 crore, while that of RIL went up by Rs 8,425.96 crore to Rs 3,31,574.48 crore.
The valuation of Infosys soared by Rs 7,826.84 crore to Rs 2,14,207.32 crore, followed by ONGC (Rs 6,288.29 crore to Rs 3,78,580.44 crore), SBI (Rs 4,102.42 crore to Rs 1,87,793 crore), HDFC Bank (Rs 1,399.38 crore to Rs 2,04,780.56 crore) and Sun Pharma (Rs 673.11 crore to Rs 1,77,659.31 crore).
On the other hand, ITC's m-cap slipped by Rs 3,864.16 crore to Rs 2,79,096.30 crore and ICICI Bank lost Rs 942.86 crore to Rs 1,79,126.07 crore.
TCS continued to rule the top-10 companies list followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, CIL, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
The BSE benchmark index Sensex concluded the week at 27,026.70, showing a gain of 388 points or 1.45 per cent.
RELATED NEWS

5 states claim half of 4 years  investments in public sectorUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Five states, including Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu, attracted about half the total investment of Rs 550,000 crore by central public sector enterprises (CPSEs) between 2008-09 and 2012-13, the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Assocham) said.
Andhra Pradesh, Odisha and Uttar Pradesh were among the top five investment destinations for CPSEs between 2008-09 and 2012-13, Assocham said in a study released on Sunday.
Maharashtra alone claimed 20 per cent of total gross investments, followed by Andhra Pradesh (8.4 per cent), Tamil Nadu (8.1 per cent), Odisha (6.7 per cent) and Uttar Pradesh (6.2 per cent).
Five states attracted about half the total investment of Rs 550,000 crore by central public sector enterprises between 2008-09 and 2012-13.
Other major beneficiaries included West Bengal (5.3 per cent), Chhattisgarh (4.8 per cent), Assam (3.9 per cent), Madhya Pradesh (3.8 per cent) and Himachal Pradesh (3.4 per cent).
"The investment would have been much more with improved employment generation had there not been delays in execution and implementation of the new projects," the study said.
States at the bottom of the investment destinations include some of the developed states like Gujarat, Karnakata and Haryana, the study shows.
The bottom-rung states include Bihar (3.2 percent), Gujarat (2.8 per cent), Karnataka (2.5 per cent), Jharkhand (1.9 per cent), Kerala (1.5 per cent), Rajasthan (1.1 per cent), Punjab (0.7 per cent) and Haryana (0.6 per cent).
There were, in all, 582 projects under implementation in the central sector as on June last year. Out of these, 311 projects reported time delays ranging from one month to 240 months which could have had a negative impact on employment, the report said.
"Despite talks of autonomy, the public sector investment decisions are influenced by several factors other than pure commercial considerations," Assocham secretary general D.S. Rawat said.
CPSEs investment growth rate was recorded at 9.05 per cent in 2012-13 on a year-on-year basis as compared to 13.42 per cent in 2011-12, 9.48 per cent in 2010-11 and 15.52 per cent in 2009-10, the study said.
Overall net profit of all 229 CPSEs during 2012-13 stood at Rs 115,000 crore compared to Rs 98,000 crore during 2011-12, which is an increase of 17.36 per cent.
"The CPSEs managed to rake in a smart growth in net profit despite difficult years in the global and domestic economy," Assocham added.

Samsung Galaxy Note 4  Motorola s new Moto G  Asus ZenWatch the biggest launches this weekUrgent aid needed. Help Now
It was one of the most exciting weeks in technology this year and here are the key highlights.
1. Samsung Galaxy Note 4, Galaxy Edge, Gear VR, Gear S: Samsung, at the consumer electronics fair IFA 2014 in Berlin, unveiled four new devices - the Galaxy Note 4, Galaxy Note Edge, Gear VR, and the Gear S smartwatch. The Galaxy Note 4, which has a 5.7-inch screen, is the successor to the company's Note 3 phablet, while the 5.6-inch Galaxy Note Edge comes with a first-of-its-kind display. The Edge's main screen remains flat, while the right edge extends and curves until it reaches the back. The Edge is notable in having a side display for quick access to the flashlight, Twitter, news and frequently used apps.
The Gear VR virtual reality headset was launched as a companion to the Note 4. It won't work with the Edge or other phones. The headset, into which the Note 4 can be docked, has four visual settings that simulate experiences such as sitting in a theater or being on stage. The VR was developed with Oculus, which Facebook bought this year.
It was one of the most exciting weeks in technology this year and here are the key highlights.
Samsung's new Gear S, the company's fourth major smartwatch in a year, comes with 3G cellular connectivity so that it can receive notifications directly from social networks, calendars and other apps. It does not need a companion phone.
2. Motorola Moto G, Moto X, Moto 360: Motorola launched the successors to its successful budget Moto G and mid-range Moto X smartphones. The new Moto G is available (via Flipkart) in India at Rs 12,999, while the new Moto X will go on sale in India in the last week of September. Compared to the old Moto G, the new Moto G comes with a larger display, enhanced cameras, better speakers, microSD card support for additional storage - all at Rs 1000 less than the predecessor.
The company also announced the launch of its Android Wear Moto 360 smartwatch. It will also be available in India later this year.
3. Microsoft's new Nokia Lumia phones: Microsoft unveiled its new range of Lumia smartphones - its new "affordable flagship" Lumia 830 phone, Lumia 730, and the Lumia 735 - at the IFA consumer electronics fair in Berlin. The Lumia 830 is the thinnes, lightest Lumia smartphone yet. The company plans to launch the new Lumia 830 in India by October. It will be priced around Rs 26,000.
The company also introduced a five megapixel, front-facing camera phone called the Lumia 735 which has been dubbed the 'selfie-phone'. The Lumia 730 has same specifications as the Lumia 735 except that the Lumia 735 includes 4G and built-in wireless charging.
4. LG G Watch R: With the aim to take on Motorola's Moto 360 smartwatch, LG introduced its circular smartwatch at the IFA trade show in Berlin. The LG G Watch R is designed to run for up to 30 minutes in one metre of water. It is encased in a durable stainless steel frame and has an interchangeable 22mm leather strap.
5. Asus ZenWatch: Taiwanese manufacturer Asus showcased its ZenWatch wearable device at IFA 2014. The smartwatch can be paired with newer Android phones to display information and monitor the wearer's activity. The watch can be used to find a phone, something Samsung has done with some of its watches - as long as the phone is also from Samsung.
6. Sony's smartphones and wearables: Sony unveiled three devices with its signature waterproof capabilities - the 5.2-inch Xperia Z3 smartphone, the 4.6-inch Xperia Z3 Compact and the 8-inch Xperia Z3 Tablet Compact. Sony also unveiled a cheaper, 4.5-inch phone, the Xperia E3, without waterproof capabilities. The company also launched new wearables - its new SmartBand fitness device and SmartWatch 3. Unlike its predecessor, the new fitness band has a small display so you can see the status of various activities.
Sony's SmartWatch 3 has GPS capabilities built in, allowing for more accurate tracking of outdoor fitness activities.
7. Celebrities nude photos leak: Nude photos purportedly showing many top stars took the Internet by storm. Word of the images began spreading early this week and multiple reports suggested that the photos had been obtained by hacking into iCloud accounts. Apple later acknowledged the security breakdown and blamed it on intruders who were able to figure out usernames and passwords and bypass other safeguards. The company said it found no evidence of a widespread problem in its iCloud or Find my iPhone services.
8. Twitpic's closure: The photo-sharing service Twitpic announced its closure, saying it faced an ultimatum from Twitter to abandon its trademark or lose access to the messaging service. Twitpic founder Noah Everett said the demand from Twitter came as a surprise, and that he had no option other than to end the service. Launched in 2008, Twitpic allowed users to post photographs on the messaging platform before Twitter adding its own photo-sharing option in 2011.
9. Xiaomi Redmi 1S: After the successful launch of the Xiaomi Mi 3, Xiaomi introduced its second smartphone in India - the Redmi 1S. It is the first phone of Xiaomi's Redmi family that has been made available in India. This dual SIM phone with a 4.7-inch display is the cheapest smartphone from Xiaomi.

Nokia plans to launch its new Lumia 830 smartphone in India by October; likely to be priced around Rs 26 000Urgent aid needed. Help Now
Berlin: Nokia has indicated to lower prices of 4G and 3G mobile phones in India to leverage operators' plans to launch high speed 4G services and boost its market share in the country.
"We want to continue to push point lower and lower than anything we have today. That's the statement for both 3G and LTE (4G) because that is the thing which gives us scale of the ecosystem," Microsoft's Mobile Device Sales, Corporate Vice President Chris Weber told PTI.
Microsoft has acquired Nokia's mobile phone business. Nokia, once a global leader in mobile phone market, has been relegated to third position in India due to growing popularity of Android based smartphones and increased competition from Korean giant Samsung and domestic mobile vendors.
Nokia has indicated to lower prices of 4G and 3G mobile phones in India to leverage operators' plans to launch high speed 4G services.
Nokia's cheapest 4G phone Lumia 635 is priced at around Rs 11,300 before taxes but it is not available in India.
"We are also trying to push price point even lower on LTE devices like 635 to take advantage of that (Indian telecom operators plan to launch 4G services) opportunity. The goal is to make sure that we have a full portfolio that plays into that opportunity," Weber said.
The company has plans to launch its latest 4G enabled phone Lumia 830 priced at around Rs 26,000 before taxes by October, as per sources.
Microsoft Devices also unveiled another 4G enabled handset Lumia 735 priced at around Rs 17,500 but sources were not sure about company's plan to launch this model in India.
Many telecom operators have not rolled out 4G network in the country due to shortage of affordable 4G devices, among other reasons.
Consumers may get about 10-12 times more Internet speed on mobile phones in 4G compared to average speed they get in 3G services.
Reliance Jio Infocomm holds pan India broadband wireless spectrum, which can be used for 4G services. The company has announced its plan to launch the latest telecom service in 2015.
Other holders of this spectrum include Tikona Digital and Augere, who are yet to start their services. Aircel has announced launch of its 4G service in 6 service areas against eight circles where it holds BWA spectrum.
Airtel, Reliance Jio, Vodafone and Idea have plans to provide 4G services in the 1800 Mhz band, which has been used so far for providing 2G services.
Weber said that Microsoft Devices has been discussing with Indian telecom operators for partnership.
"We have lot of conversations going on with operators but specifically we are very bullish on LTE opportunity in India. Our conversation had been quite productive," Weber said.
As per market research firm International Data Corporation (IDC), Nokia was the third largest player second quarter of 2014 in Indian mobile phone market with 10 per cent share. Samsung topped the chart with 17 per cent and closely followed by Indian brand Micromax with 14 per cent share.

Sudipta Sen was mulling licence for  Saradha bank  from scam fundsSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Nearly 20 000 couples allowed to have second child in BeijingSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Executives  conduct: Bharti Airtel Ltd to pay Rs 5 LakhSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Mexico s Cinepolis eyes Rs 1200cr sales from India by  17Sep 07, 2014, 12.46 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Mexico's Cinepolis eyes Rs 1200cr sales from India by '17
Mexican multiplex chain Cinepolis is aiming to clock Rs 1,200 crore in turnover from Indian operations by 2017 as it expands presence across the country. The firm, which has over 80 screens in the country, expects India to account for 10 per cent of global revenues by that time.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mexico's Cinepolis eyes Rs 1200cr sales from India by '17
Mexican multiplex chain Cinepolis is aiming to clock Rs 1,200 crore in turnover from Indian operations by 2017 as it expands presence across the country. The firm, which has over 80 screens in the country, expects India to account for 10 per cent of global revenues by that time.
Post your opinion here
 
Mexican multiplex chain Cinepolis is aiming to clock Rs 1,200 crore in turnover from Indian operations by 2017 as it expands presence across the country. The firm, which has over 80 screens in the country, expects India to account for 10 per cent of global revenues by that time.
"Presently, India contributes around 4 per cent of our international revenue (outside of Mexico). It would increase... we expect it to be more than double, nearly to 10 per cent by 2017. Roughly, about Rs 1,200 crore," Cinepolis India Managing Director Javier Sotomayor told PTI.
Cinepolis expects its global revenues to touch USD 2 billion by 2017, he added.
Headquartered in Morelia, Mexico Cinepolis is world's fourth largest movie theatre circuit, operating more than 3,000 screens in 11 countries.
The company also plans to pump in about Rs 1,500 crore over the next three years to increase its screen count to 400 by December 2017. Sotomayor said the firm has already invested Rs 400 crore in its Indian operations.
"Our global strategy is to keep on expanding internationally. Now, Cinepolis has 20 per cent of revenues and about 17 per cent of the bottomline (coming from
international operations). We expect the ratio to go 35 per cent in the years to come," Sotomayor said.
In India, Cinepolis has selected top 40 cities for setting up screens over the next three years. "The ultimate goal of Cinepolis is to be leader of this market. For that, we have selected a list of cities, which include Tier I and II cities -- top 40 cities of India where
we would be expanding," he said.
On addition of new screens, Sotomayor said: "The target which we would have for organic growth is 400 screens. We would finish this year with 130-plus making us the one of the top players in the industry".
Cinepolis, which started its India operations in 2009, has presence in major hubs as Mumbai, Pune, Bangalore and Hyderabad.
"In next 12 months, we will have presence in all metros, including Kolkata where we would open this year, Chennai and NCR. At the same time, we would be opening (screens) in  another tier II and III cities like Guwahati and Muzzafarpur," Sotomayor said.
RELATED NEWS

FinMin may ratify 8.75% interest rate on EPF next weekSep 07, 2014, 02.23 PM IST  | Source: PTI
FinMin may ratify 8.75% interest rate on EPF next week
The Finance Ministry is likely to give its concurrence next week to retirement fund body EPFO's trustees' decision to provide 8.75 per cent rate of interest on PF deposits to over five crore subscribers this fiscal.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
FinMin may ratify 8.75% interest rate on EPF next week
The Finance Ministry is likely to give its concurrence next week to retirement fund body EPFO's trustees' decision to provide 8.75 per cent rate of interest on PF deposits to over five crore subscribers this fiscal.
Post your opinion here
 
The Finance Ministry is likely to give its concurrence next week to retirement fund body EPFO's trustees' decision to provide 8.75 per cent rate of interest on PF deposits to over five crore subscribers this fiscal.
 "It has been almost two weeks since the trustees decided to pay 8.75 per cent. The Finance Ministry is most likely to give its concurrence next week to the decision as payment of 8.75 per cent in 2014-15 will leave a surplus of Rs 242.26 crore," an official said.
He said, "The Finance Ministry should not have any issueas central government would not have to shell out anything for payment of 8.75 per cent rate of interest and it would leave some surplus for the body."
After the Finance Ministry concurrence, the EPFO would implement the trustees' decision on interest rate and its subscribers would get tax rebate on accrual of approved interest rate on PF deposits for the current fiscal.
The Employees' Provident Fund Organisation's (EPFO) apex decision making body the Central Board of Trustees (CBT), headed by Labour Minister Narendra Singh Tomar, had decided to retain 8.75 per cent rate of interest for 2014-15 for this fiscal in its meeting on August 26.
The EPFO had provided 8.75 per cent rate of interest on PF deposits in 2013-14 which was slightly higher than 8.5 per cent paid in the previous fiscal.
The CBT-approved proposal for payment of 8.75 per cent rate of interest has already been sent to the Finance Ministryfor its concurrence on the issue, the official said.
RELATED NEWS

Change India: Challenges that entrepreneur face in our countryWatch: Former MP Saifuddin Soz heckled by flood victims in Srinagar
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

India on track for a multi-year bull run: Nilesh ShahAxis Capital
(Markets are supported by…)
It is unlikely that markets will be kind to give an opportunity to waiting investors to enter at significantly lower levels from here onwards, says Nilesh Shah, MD & CEO, Axis Capital. The rally is supported by fundamentals as well as flows and investors should not book profits unless they have massively over-allocated to equities, Shah said in an interview to ET. Edited excerpts:
The Indian market has risen sharply in the past few months and we have seen a massive P/E expansion in almost all sectors. Do you think we are heading for a correction? Should investors book profits now?
The Indian equity market has risen from cheap valuations of about 12-13 times forward earnings to the current level of 16-17 times forward earnings. This valuation range is a little above the historical average of the last 20 years. This rise on one side is led by global as well as local flows. Global flows have come partly as they can't go to Russia due to the Ukraine crisis, China due to the credit bubble and governance issues, Brazil as the economy is in recession, Thailand, Indonesia and Turkey due to the political situation. Local flows have come as equity has massively outperformed fixed income, gold and real estate in the last 12-18 months.
We expect flows to continue from the domestic side as equity is massively under-allocated by Indian investors. We also expect flows to continue from foreign investors despite the significant premium valuation Indian markets are enjoying. Markets are supported by improving macroeconomic indicators. Inflation is moderating, growth is improving, currency is stable, oil is softening and sentiments are improving. Everyone wants to wait for the correction to enter the equity market. It is unlikely that markets will be kind to give an opportunity to waiting investors to enter at significantly lower levels from here onwards.
India is on a multi-year bull run supported by fundamentals as well as flows. Investors should not book profit unless they are massively over allocated to equity. Markets being markets will fluctuate. It is a buy-on-dips market. Since large cap and midcaps have started trading at similar valuations, it is recommended to be overweight towards large caps.
Do you think that more funds will flow into emerging markets, especially to India following a rate cut by the ECB?
Indian markets have successfully witnessed the withdrawal of QE in the US. The withdrawal does not reduce the quantu m of liquidity which is pumped into the economy. It reduces the addition of liquidity as the already pumped in liquidity is more than adequate. Japan and European Union are still on easy monetary policy with near zero interest rates and huge amount of liquidity levels are being maintained.
EMs, including India, have more natural resources, more population and better visibility of growth. Developed markets, including EU, have excess liquidity. As long as Indian economy assures better growth prospects and governance standards, it will be fair to assume that we will continue to attract global capital flows.
 
The big fear for the market this week is the Supreme Court verdict on coal blocks. What if the Supreme Court cancels all the coal blocks allotted between 1993 and 2009?
Markets have priced in uncertainty of regulations across many sectors, including utility and mining. Valuations across these sectors are near all-time lows. Cancellations will be a company-specific matter. However, clearing of regulatory uncertainty will help fresh investment and improve growth prospects in the sector which will get reflected in the valuations over a period of time.
At the current market price, what kind of stocks or sectors are you recommending to your clients?
It is not worth investing in equity market from a six-month point of view. This is a period like 2003-2008 where despite corrections, the market is multiplying manyfold. The market is probably not going to give a broad-based sharp rally like last year. It is now a stock-specific bottom-up market. We recommend investors to be overweight on large-cap stocks of quality companies. Focus on non- leveraged companies generating free cash flow and available at reasonable valuation.
We recommend investors to be overweight on technology and banking and financial services sector. We also recommend investor to choose from divestment offerings which will soon be launched.
After a rush in June-July for raising funds through QIPs, there has been a complete pause in fund-raising programmes, barring a few small IPOs, as investors who had rushed to participate in the QIPs are staring at big losses. Do you think the demand for such papers has dried up and the primary market will take more time to revive?

Srinagar goes under  J-K floods toll rises to 150; army steps up rescue operationsFloods and landslides triggered by a week of heavy rain continued to batter Jammu and Kashmir Sunday. Death toll climbed to 150 as homes, hospitals and a military base were inundated in the capital Srinagar overnight.
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who flew over the flooded areas, announced a grant of Rs. 1,000 crore and said the crisis was “a national level disaster”. “I want to tell people of the region that we will do everything possible to get them out of this disaster,” he said.
 
The state’s worst flooding in 60 years has submerged villages, ruined crops, snapped communication links and left thousands homeless.
 
Armed forces stepped up rescue Sunday. The air force pressed more planes and choppers into service. So far, 12,500 people have been taken to safety by the army.
  
Play Pause
A soldier carries a toddler as evacuated families alight from an Indian Air Force Mi-17 helicopter flying a rescue sortie in the Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir. (AFP Photo)
Tourists who were rescued by the army from the flooded areas wait to be transported to Jammu at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Men remove debris of their house that was damaged in floods on the banks of the Tawi River in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A villager salvages belongings in his flood-devastated home in Poonch, some 240 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
A lady along with her child salvages usable items from her destroyed house after flash floods hit Majheen village about 20 km from Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Laborers carry relief material for flood-affected victims in Poonch, around 276 kilometers (166 miles) from Jammu. (AP Photo)
Indian army soldiers load onto a helicopter relief material for flood victims at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
An aerial view of a flood affected Pargwal village along River Chenab, in Jammu.(Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
Helicopters carrying out rescue, relief & evacuation of people marooned during the flood fury in Jammu and Kashmir. (Photo by IAF)
Indian villagers look on at a missing section of a bridge across the overflowing Tawi river that was swept away as flooding continues in the Mandal area of Jammu. (AFP ...
People look at a bridge across the Tawi River that was damaged in the floods at Mandal village on the outskirts of Jammu.(AP Photo)
Indian residents look on towards threatened houses as waters from the overflowing Tawi river rage past in Jammu. (AFP Photo)
Trucks stands stranded due to heavy rain fall in Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Onlookers stand on the debris of a house that was damaged by floodwaters on the banks of the river Tawi after heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Indian villagers look across the Chenab river at a half-submerged temple and homes at Akhnoor, some 30 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
People ride their vehicles in a bridge across a river flooded following monsoon rains in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A view of residential areas adjoining Tawi river during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
An army jawan alerts people over rising water level as heavy rains continue to lash Jammu on Friday. (PTI Photo)
A man holding umbrella looks on as Tawi river rages dangerously during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
Water from the overflowing river Tawi floods a temple of Lord Ganesh, the deity of prosperity, during heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)

SC stays execution of Nithari killer Surinder Koli for one weekAt 1.40am, Supreme Court stays Surinder Koli’s hanging
Bhadra Sinha , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 08, 2014
First Published: 08:48 IST(8/9/2014) | Last Updated: 00:44 IST(9/9/2014)
Comments
The Supreme Court on Monday stayed the execution of Nithari serial killer Surinder Koli, who had confessed to killing and eating the flesh of several children at a house in Noida’s Nithari village, after he moved an urgent plea for his review petition to be heard in open court.
Koli’s plea is based on a recent Supreme Court verdict ending a 60-year-old practice of hearing review petitions in the privacy of judges’ chambers, where advocates are not allowed to present their arguments.
A three-judge bench held a hearing at 1.40am on Monday and stayed his execution for a week.
“Considering the urgency of the matter, we stay the execution of the death sentence of applicant/ petitioner for a period of one week from today,” the bench ordered.
The order was immediately communicated to authorities at Meerut jail, where he was imprisoned.
Koli and his employer Moninder Singh Pandher, a Noida businessman, were arrested in 2006 for the gruesome killing of several children and dumping their remains in the backyard of Pandher’s house at Nithari village in Noida.
Police recovered 17 skeletal remains of children from the house that was dubbed by the media as the “house of horrors”.
A lower court sentenced Koli to death in 2005 for the murder of 14-year-old Rimpa Halder, one of the victims, a decision that was upheld by the Allahabad High Court and the Supreme Court.
The high court, however, acquitted Pandher in the same case. On July 24, the SC turned down Koli’s review petition and the President too rejected his mercy petition.
He was to be hanged on Monday. Asian Centre for Human Rights director and coordinator of the National Campaign for the Abolition of Death Penalty in India Suhas Chakma welcomed the order, saying it would help in further investigation of the murders.
“The family members of victims in 11 other pending cases against Koli will be deprived of justice if he is to be executed before conclusion of these trials.
Further, Koli is the only witness in six cases pending against Moninder Singh Pandher for the  killings. The only witness obviously cannot be executed before the end of the trials... otherwise, the court will be inadvertently favouring Pandher,” said Chakma.
Later in the day, in an apparent reference to the order passed after midnight, Chief Justice of India R M Lodha lauded the steps taken by the apex court in urgent matters.
“If the court can sit at even 2am, it means the system in working better,” he observed.

Coal block allocation scam: Court to hear arguments on charges todayComments
A special court began hearing arguments on framing of charges from September 8 in a coal blocks allocation scam case in which Rajya Sabha MP Vijay Darda, his son and others were named as accused by the CBI.
The Supreme Court on August 25 declared all coal block allocations between 1993 and 2010 illegal but stopped short of cancelling them, a verdict that cast a shadow of uncertainty over investments running into thousands of crores in the sector that is crucial for the revival of the economy.
 
As the Attorney General was unable to provide a specific list of the blocks, the court asked the government to submit a list of operational mines by September 8 and said the next hearing will be held on September 9.
 
According to the coal ministry website, 27 coal blocks were already producing as of last year and several others are on the verge of starting production.
 
Top companies that have been producing coal include RPG Industries at the Sarisatolli coal block in West Bengal, Hindalco Industries at Talabira in Odisha, Jindal Steel and Power Ltd in Gare-Palma in Chhattisgarh, Prakash Industries at a coal block in Chotia in Chhatisgarh and Usha Martin Ltd at a coal block in Katuria, Jharkhand. More coal blocks are likely to start producing soon this year, according to the coal ministry.

J&K floods: Shri Shakti Express stuck  pilgrims headed to Vaishno Devi strandedUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Jammu: Pilgrims who were headed to the Vaishno Devi shrine were stranded after the Katra-bound Shri Shakti Express train was stuck in the Udhampur district due to floods in Jammu and Kashmir. There are nearly 500 pilgrims, who left from Delhi, on the train.
Heavy rains and floods have led to suspension of trains and blocked national highways due to mudslides. Authorities say they have deployed teams and traffic movement will begin soon.
"We are stranded at the Udhampur railway station for the last 40 hours. We do not have any information as to whether the train will go ahead or take us back to Delhi," said a passenger.
There are nearly 500 pilgrims, who left from Delhi, on board the train.
"Railway authorities are not giving us any information neither are they helping. We are clueless, we do not know what to do. There are no facilities for the people stranded and the Railways are not taking any responsibility either," another passenger added.
The Shri Shakti Express train was started in July to facilitate the pilgrims visiting Vaishno Devi.

Noida s Nithari killings: SC stays execution of convict Surinder Koli for a weekUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: The Supreme Court has stayed the execution of Noida's Nithari killings convict Surinder Koli for one week. An official of the apex court said that the plea in this regard was mentioned before the bench after midnight and the order was passed at 1:40 am.
The Meerut jail authorities say they received the order from the apex court through the District Magistrate.
A Ghaziabad sessions court had issued a death warrant against Surinder Koli in connection with the brutal killing of 14-year-old Rimpa Halder in 2005. Koli has been awarded a death sentence in five of the 16 cases lodged against him.
Sources say that earlier Koli was to be hanged in Meerut on Monday. His death warrant was sent to the Uttar Pradesh government for making necessary preparations for Koli's execution.
President Pranab Mukhejree had rejected Koli's mercy petition on July 27 earlier this year.
The CBI had filed a chargesheet against him in 16 cases where he had allegedly killed children after sexually abusing them. The case came to light in December 2006 when a girl who was found missing was found murdered later by Koli.
Investigations into the case led the probe team into more gruesome murders of children and their skeletal remains were recovered from a drain adjacent to the house where Koli was working as a domestic servant.
Koli, who brutally killed and later axed children in Nithari locality of Noida in Uttar Pradesh, was awarded death sentence by a lower court which was upheld by the Allahabad high court and confirmed by the Supreme Court on February 15, 2011 for the murder of Rimpa Halder in 2005. Holding that Koli "appears to be the serial killer", the court had said, "No mercy can be shown to him."
A total of 16 cases were registered against Koli. His employer Moninder Singh Pandher, who was also sentenced to death in Rimpa Haldar case, was acquitted by the Allahabad High Court. Out of 16 cases filed against Koli, he has been awarded death sentence in five of them so far and others are still under trial.
Koli had given a graphic detail during his confessional statement where he had claimed to have even cut some of his victims and even cooked it. He also stated that he had sex with some of the victims after killing them. Relying upon the Koli's confessional statement of how he used to allure and kill young girls in Noida, the Supreme Court, while rejecting his mercy petition, had said, "The confessions had been made voluntarily before the magistrate and there is no defect in it."
(With additional information from PTI)

Preview: Showtime for Apple Inc with bigger iPhones  smartwatchesSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

IRB Infra gets tolling rights of Mumbai-Pune ExpresswayIRB Infra gets tolling rights of Mumbai-Pune Expressway
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 8:  
IRB Infrastructure Developers said it has secured the MSRDC’s (Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation) project for operation & maintenance of the Yashwantrao Chavan Expressway and Mumbai-Pune section of NH-4 along with additional works and toll rights.
In a filing to the stock exchange, IRB said six bidders, including the company, participated in an international electronic competitive bidding process.
The final offer of IRB for a concession period of eight years, eight months and two days was the lowest and was accepted by MSRDC.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

NMDC director gets 4 weeks extensionNMDC director gets 4 weeks extension
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 8:  
NMDC said that the Steel Ministry on September 5 had communicated to the company that it may follow the High Court order on the continuation of the petitioner, N K Nanda, Director (Technical), NMDC, as director for four weeks.
In a filing to the stock exchange, NMDC said this follows its earlier announcements relating to the extension of tenure of N K Nanda.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

Bharat Forge sells 50% stake in Impact AutomotiveBharat Forge sells 50% stake in Impact Automotive
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 8:  
Bharat Forge said it has divested its 50 per cent stake in Impact Automotive Solutions, which was formed in 2010 as a joint venture with KPIT Technologies.
In a filing to the stock exchange, the company said the tie up was for the manufacture of hybrid solutions for automotives.
The stake has been sold to KPIT Technologies for Rs 10.80 crore. The initial investment was Rs 14.91 crore, Bharat Forge added.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

Rajiv Rattan invests Rs 360 cr in Indiabulls PowerRajiv Rattan invests Rs 360 cr in Indiabulls Power
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 8:  
Indiabulls Power said Rajiv Rattan, its founding Chairman, has invested Rs 360 crore through a preferential allotment at 30 per cent premium over the stock's Friday's closing price of Rs 9 a share.
Apart from equity infusion, Rattan has also bought out the complete shareholding of Sameer Gehlaut and Saurabh Mittal in the holding company, Indiabulls Infrastructure and Power, in a separate transaction. The move comes post the reorganisation within the promoters of Indiabulls Group.
Rajiv Rattan and Saurabh Mittal continue to hold 15 per cent stake in Indiabulls Housing Finance, 18 per cent stake in Indiabulls Securities and a substantial stake in Indiabulls Real Estate valued at about Rs 3,000 crore, a statement from Indiabulls Power said.
Indiabulls Power also said that the Maharashtra energy regulator, Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC), had on August 20 allowed Indiabulls Power to use imported coal to make up for the shortfall of Coal India and awarded additional cost of such imported coal as pass-through in tariff by way of compensation of Rs 1.55 per unit of power.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Kotak Bank appoints woman director on boardKotak Bank appoints woman director on board
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 8:  
Kotak Mahindra Bank has appointed Farida Khambata as additional director on its board with immediate effect. The decision was taken at a board meeting on Sunday, September 7, Kotak Bank said in an exchange filing.
Currently, Khambata is global strategist at Cartica Management LLC and a member of its investment committee.
At present, the Kotak Bank board comprises Shankar Acharya, Uday Kotak, C Jayaram, Dipak Gupta, Asim Ghosh, Prakash Apte, Amit Desai, Narendra P Sarda and Mahendra Dev.
Starting October 1, 2014, SEBI has mandated that "The board of directors of the company shall have an optimum combination of executive and non-executive directors with at least one woman director and not less than fifty per cent of the board of directors comprising non-executive directors."
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Audio

Rupee at over 5-week high in early tradeReuters |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 01:04 PM IST
Rupee continues to trade higher post US jobs data
The rupee strengthened to a more than five-week high on Monday, tracking broad overnight losses in the dollar versus major currencies following the weaker-than-anticipated U.S. jobs data.
The rupee is trading at 60.26/27 versus Friday's close of 60.39/40 following weaker-than-expected US jobs data.
 
The RBI is likely buying dollars via state-run banks to prevent further fall in the pair, say traders.
 
Gains in the domestic share market are also weighing on the pair. Nifty is trading up 0.6%.
 
Most other Asian currencies are also trading stronger compared to the dollar.
 
The pair is seen holding in a 60.15 to 60.35 range during the rest of the session.
 Advertisements

Indian-born Sudhir Choudhrie  son dropped from bribery probe into Rolls-Royce salesSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Bharti Airtel rallies over 1% fund-raising plansYou are here: Home > Collections
Bharti Airtel rallies over 1% on reports of fund raising plans
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 8, 2014, 09.38AM IST
Tags:
American Tower Company
(American Tower Company…)
NEW DELHI: Bharti Airtel Ltd rallies as much as 1.5 per cent in trade on Monday, after ET reported that the telecom major is expected to reach an agreement on the sale of its telecom towers in Nigeria for more than $1 billion within the next three weeks.
American Tower Company (ATC) is believed to be leading the race to buy the 4,000 towers, followed by IHS Towers, ET reported quoting a person aware of the status of talks.
At 09:25 a.m.; Bharti Airtel pared some of the morning gains but was still trading 0.7 per cent higher at Rs 403.35. It hit a low of Rs 403.35 and a high of Rs 406.85 in trade today.
"ATC is believed to have bid the highest amount," said the person cited above. While ATC didn't respond to ET's query, IHS couldn't be reached for comment. The proceeds of the sale will be used to retire a part of the company's debt, which dropped to $9.6 billion at the end of the June quarter from $10.07 billion at the end of March.
Bharti's net debt-to-EBITDA dropped to 2.04 from 2.20 between the two quarters. The development comes close on the heels of Bharti selling 3,100 towers in the continent in July, said the report.
Bharti had sold its 3,100 towers to Helios Tower Co, an independent tower operator backed by George Soros, Madeleine Albright and Jacob Rothschild , for an undisclosed amount.
Bharti owns 15,000 telecom towers across 17 countries in Africa. It decided to sell them to independent tower companies after failing to create a joint venture tower company with other telecom operators.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Watch: Aerial survey of flood-hit Jammu and KashmirWatch: Former MP Saifuddin Soz heckled by flood victims in Srinagar
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

L& T Hydrocarbon wins orders worth Rs 1 920 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
L& T Hydrocarbon wins orders worth Rs 1,920 cr
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 8:  
L& T Hydrocarbon Engineering, a fully-owned subsidiary of L&T, has secured orders worth Rs 1,920 crore from domestic oil and gas majors.
An offshore contract worth Rs 1,340 crore from Oil & Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), includes engineering, procurement, construction and installation of five wellhead platforms at the Mumbai High North field.
The project, a part of ONGC’s strategy to re-develop Phase-III of Mumbai High North to enhance production from the existing reservoirs, is scheduled for completion by March 2016.
In the onshore segment, it has secured a contract valued at about Rs 580 crore from a leading company engaged in hydrocarbon downstream processing.
The contract involves engineering, procurement and construction of a dual service cryogenic storage tank facility suitable for liquid ethane and liquefied natural gas and engineering work for the balance of the facilities to be installed at the manufacturing complex.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty hit fresh all-time highs on fund inflowsSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Maruti Suzuki dips in an otherwise firm marketSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 09:50 AM IST
Maruti Suzuki dips in an otherwise firm market
Maruti Suzuki dipped after the Haryana government asked the company to stop all construction work at Rohtak
Maruti Suzuki has dropped nearly half a percent and is the only stock trading in the negative territory at 9.45 AM in an otherwise firm market. The stock is down 0.5% to Rs 2,870 after the Haryana government asked the company to stop all construction work on a facility at Rohtak.
 
Development and testing of cars for India and the world were carried out at the facility situated in Rhotak.
 
The stock opened at Rs 2,884, touched a high of Rs 2,890 and a low of Rs 2,859 on the BSE. A total of 4,160 shares have been exchanged on the BSE so far.  
 Advertisements

No evidence of al-Qaeda’s presence in India: US expertPress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 8, 2014 10:38 am
Amid a country-wide alert in India over an al-Qaeda threat, a top US counter-terrorism expert has said there is no evidence of the terror outfit’s presence in the country.
“The idea that Ayman al-Zawahiri is going to open a branch of al-Qaeda in India is just crazy. Yes, there are some jihadi elements in India, but there’s no evidence that al-Qaeda has a presence in the country,” Peter Bergen, known for his insight into operations of al-Qaeda in South Asia, told CNN yesterday.
Bergen, who has authored several books on counter terrorism, was responding to questions about the last week’s announcement by Zawahiri about creating a separate wing of al-Qaeda in the Indian subcontinent.
“It’s an attempt by Zawahiri to have people like us discuss him, because he’s been out of the limelight for so long, it’s all been about ISIS in Iraq and Syria and al-Qaeda is very conscious that they’re yesterday’s story,” he said.
“And if you look at the tape that they showed of Zawahiri, it’s so boring. It’s him talking in a monologue that goes on for more than half an hour.
“And then you look at what ISIS is doing on video…ISIS is a much more appealing media strategy, apart from the fact that also they are being much more successful than al-Qaeda has ever been in its history in terms of getting territory, money, fighters and actually establishing a large foothold in the Middle East,” he said.
Appearing on the same programme, Husain Haqqani, the former Pakistan Ambassador to US, said, “I think that Zawahiri’s attempt to talk about India is essentially to try and get the hard line elements among Pakistani jihadis and even within the Pakistani intelligence service to think about al-Qaeda as a potential ally. That’s his play.”
“I don’t think he will get much traction. But basically what he’s trying to do is to appeal to the anti-Indian sentiment that is present in Pakistan on any given day and hoping to get recruits for his cause,” he said.

33 fall sick in ammonia gas leak at China chemical plantPress Trust of India | Beijing | Posted: September 8, 2014 10:35 am
At least 33 people fell sick after an ammonia gas leak at a chemical plant in northwest China.
The accident took place on Saturday in the Jiemeifengyou Chemical Plant in Ningdong Energy and Chemical production base located in Yichuan provincial capital of northwest China’s Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
Most of the victims showed minor poisoning symptoms.
Four people who were seriously poisoned are out of danger after overnight emergency medical treatment.
Witnesses say ammonia gas and highly concentrated ammonia liquids spurted out from a flare piping in the southeast corner of the plant.
The company kept spraying water in the polluted areas to dilute the gas in the air.
Currently, the air quality around the periphery of the plant has met the safety standards, the report said.
Once inhaled by human beings, ammonia damages the oxygen carrying capacity of blood cells and causes soar throat, tear-shedding, coughs, chest distress, difficult breathing and even the life-threatening cardiac arrest.
The cause of the accident is under investigated.

Rupee Rises to 60.21 Per Dollar; US Jobs Data AidsDollar Sweeps to 14-month High, Kicks Oil Below $100
Mumbai:
The rupee strengthened to a more than five-week high on Monday, tracking broad overnight losses in the dollar versus major currencies following the weaker-than-anticipated US jobs data.
Gains in other Asian units versus the dollar also helped sentiment.
By 9:31 a.m., the partially convertible rupee was at 60.21 per dollar, its strongest since July 31 and above its close of 60.39/40 on Friday.
The dollar slipped on Friday after data showed US employers added the fewest jobs in eight months, eroding confidence in the economy and reviving bets that the Federal Reserve might leave interest rates near zero for longer than anticipated.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Go long in HCL Technologies  says SukhaniLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Go long in HCL Technologies, says Sukhani
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com is of the view that one may go long in HCL Technologies.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com told CNBC-TV18, " HCL Technologies should be going up but let see what happens. It has been in a narrow trading range for three to four days, we assume that these trading ranges resolve themselves on the upside, again we go and take at long trade and then we wait."
At 10:04 hrs HCL Technologies was quoting at Rs 1,661.80, down Rs 1.15, or 0.07 percent. It has touched a 52-week high of Rs 1,680.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 85.36 per share. (Jun, 2014). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 19.47. The latest book value of the company is Rs 145.96 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 11.39. The dividend yield of the company was 0.72 percent.
RELATED NEWS

See upside in State Bank of India: Sudarshan Sukhani08:00 am
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com told CNBC-TV18, " State Bank of India (SBI) is a very nice chart, if this market is going up then pubic sector undertakings (PSU) banks in general will be big contributors to that rally. I do not know whether it will work out or not but State Bank of India (SBI) independently, let’s forget about the market, independently it is suggesting that rallies now coming, it is in the offing."
At 10:01 hrs State Bank of India was quoting at Rs 2,530, up Rs 14.60, or 0.58 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 2,833.85 and 52-week low Rs 1,513.70 on 26 May, 2014 and 14 February, 2014, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

Visaka Industries: Outcome of board meetingSep 08, 2014, 10.27 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Visaka Industries: Outcome of board meeting
Visaka Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 06, 2014, has decided that Shri V. Vallinath who is presently working as President (Finance) and Chief Financial Officer of the Company has been appointed as Whole-time Director and Chief Financial Officer of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Visaka Industries: Outcome of board meeting
Visaka Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 06, 2014, has decided that Shri V. Vallinath who is presently working as President (Finance) and Chief Financial Officer of the Company has been appointed as Whole-time Director and Chief Financial Officer of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Visaka Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 06, 2014, inter alia, has transacted the following:1. Shri V. Vallinath who is presently working as President (Finance) and Chief Financial Officer of the Company has been appointed as Whole-time Director and Chief Financial Officer of the Company for a period of three years effective from September 09, 2014 to September 08, 2017 and2. Shri P. Srikar Reddy has been appointed, in pursuance of Clause 108 of Articles of Association of the Company, as an Additional Director of the Company with immediate effect i.e. September 06, 2014.Source : BSE

Punj Lloyd bags Rs 35.15 bn tank farm project in MalaysiaPunj Lloyd bags Rs 35.15 bn tank farm project in Malaysia
Do high claim settlement ratios guarantee claim paymentDo high claim settlement ratios guarantee claim payment
Reviving the Indian housing sector: JLL IndiaReviving the Indian housing sector: JLL India
Rosberg error hands Hamilton victory in ItalyRosberg error hands Hamilton victory in Italy
Bharat Forge exits JVBharat Forge exits JV
ONGC Jumps on Bank of America Upgrade  Weak BrentONGC Jumps on Bank of America Upgrade  Weak Brent
Punj Lloyd hits upper circuit on $581 million orderPunj Lloyd hits upper circuit on $581 million order
Parsvnath Developers plans to sell non-core assets to reduce debt: reportsParsvnath Developers plans to sell non-core assets to reduce debt: reports
Delhi govt formation: BJP asks MLAs not to leave capitalDelhi govt formation: BJP asks MLAs not to leave capital
Senior Indian diplomat in US ahead of Modi s visitSenior Indian diplomat in US ahead of Modi s visit
Goldman raises Nifty target to 9 000 for Sept 2015Last Updated at 10:11 AM IST
Goldman raises Nifty target to 9,000 for Sept 2015
Goldman Sachs raises Nifty's target to 9,000 points for September 2015. Its previous target was 8,600 points for June 2015.
Goldman Sachs has raised Nifty's target to 9,000 points for September 2015. Its previous target was 8,600 points for June 2015.
Goldman said that earnings sentiment remains positive for the overall market.
The 50-share broader index is the best performing equity index in Asian markets, up 32.6% in US dollar terms for 2014 so far.
 Advertisements

All senior leaders of the Congress will campaign: Bhupinder Singh HoodaAll senior leaders of the Congress will campaign: Bhupinder Singh Hooda
Produced by Andrew ClaranceUpdated: September 1, 2014 10:57 am

Water harvesting ensures livelihood security for Dalit farmersUpdated: September 4, 2014 00:17 IST
FARMER’S NOTEBOOK
Water harvesting ensures livelihood security for Dalit farmers
M. J. Prabu
Special Arrangement GOOD INITIATIVE: A desilted water tank has helped nearly 33 farmers in surrounding areas harvest onion crops.
TOPICS
agricultural research and technology
The programme has been extended to cover two more villages
Villupuram is one of the most backward districts in Tamil Nadu. Major crops cultivated there are paddy, onion, pulses, millets, sugarcane, casuarina and groundnut, using water from tanks and open wells.
The open wells belong to small and marginal farmers and have been abandoned for a long time due to heavy siltation and damaged walls resulting in poor storage and ground water recharge. The district receives the least amount of rainfall during the north east monsoon season.
Most of the farmers who did not have access to water moved to growing eucalyptus and casuarina. Those who continued with their cultivation could grow only a single crop in a year.
Labour drain
“What was more disturbing and challenging was that women started working as daily farm labour instead of farming in their own fields and men started moving towards cities for non-farm jobs.
“These people were ready to work in their fields provided there was water in the wells or tanks. They had no financial resources to desilt them, and the Government or the banks do not have credit facilities for renovating them.
“At this juncture MSSRF initiated a Community Managed Bio industrial Watershed project in Vanur and Milam block of this region in 2007,” says Dr. R.S. Shanthakumar Hopper, Director, Ecotechnology, M.S.Swaminathan Research Foundation (MSSRF).
The project successfully mobilised the community and with their participation and financial contributions was able to rejuvenate major water bodies.
One such water tank in Karasanur village of Vanur Block was desilted. The tank is surrounded by 12 open wells on which 33 dalit, small and marginal farmers are dependent for their farming activities. Hindustan Petrooleum Corporation Limited (HPCL), as part of the programme came forward to support this.
Contribution
The project contribution was Rs. 1 lakh for each well and the community contribution was Rs. 25,000 per well. The well renovation was done in two parts — one is carrying out deepening by desilting to increase the water availability and groundwater recharge; and the other is steining wall (well wall) construction to prevent soil erosion and silting.
The fund was initially transferred to a water user group to ensure accountability and transparency.
A three- member committee monitored the activities and released the funds based on the activities completed.
“|We didn’t have money to contribute and it took six months to save Rs 25,000 and 60 per cent of our members mortgaged their jewels and sold their goats and contributed for wells renovation. Now I am earning Rs 60,000 by cultivating three crops a year and have got back my mortgaged jewels, ensured better education for my children, the entire family is now engaged in agriculture activities and there is no migration,” says Ms. Kalyani, one of the beneficiaries.
Training
About 33 small and marginal farmers were trained in water use efficiency, crop diversification, participatory technology development (PTD) of crops like onion, paddy, groundnut and pulses through farmers field schools.
“Each family was provided with a soil health card to monitor and implement the required nutrients. The land belonging to the 33 farm families are in one place, which makes it convenient for them to practise Integrated Pest Management (IPM) interventions.
“They were also taken to nearby watershed projects to understand issues of water use efficiency and management of farmer producer organisation.
“They are also share holders in the Nallamur Farmer Producer Organisation, which provides them support services like credit, certified seeds, marketing support etc,” explains Dr. Hopper.
Extended
The programme has been extended to cover two more additional villages benefiting 43 small and marginal farmers. Currently plans are on to replicate this model in Pudukottai district.
MSSRF was the runners up in the Global Humanitarian Water and Food award for 2014 presented at London on June 18th 2014.
To know more farmers can contact Dr. Shanthakumar Hopper, mobile: 09445394394 and Mr. N. Nandeesha, Project Coordinator, M.S.Swaminathan Research Foundation, Mialam, Viilupuram District, Tamil Nadu, email : nandeeshcp@gmail.com, Mobile. 9787644594.

Diabetes triples the risk of developing active TBUpdated: September 4, 2014 13:09 IST
Diabetes triples the risk of developing active TB
R. PRASAD
AP File photo shows a person with diabetes testing his blood sugar level. The number of adult TB cases associated with diabetes in India is 302,000.
TOPICS
medical research
India has the highest number of people in the world with active tuberculosis. The incidence of TB is 2.2 million and prevalence is 3.1 million. Similarly, the prevalence of diabetes is 65 million in the country.
But the number of TB cases would see a further rise or decline may not be seen despite the best efforts to detect and treat TB. The reason — diabetes almost triples the risk of developing active TB and is also a risk factor for adverse TB treatment outcomes. Even hyperglycaemia associated with prediabetes can increase a person’s risk of developing active TB.
“Although not completely understood for TB specifically, it is known that diabetes impairs both the innate and the adaptive immune system and therefore the body’s capability to fight microorganisms. This increases the risk of progression to active TB disease in people who have become infected with Mycobacterium tuberculosis,” Knut Lonnroth of the Global TB Programme, WHO, Geneva told this Correspondent in an email. He is the first author of one of the three papers published today (September 4) in the journal Lancet Diabetes & Endocrinology.
Conversely, TB has an effect on diabetes. It can not only worsen the control of blood sugar but also complicate clinical management of diabetes. “TB can, like most infectious diseases, worsen glycaemic control through several pathogenic mechanisms related to the stress on the body caused by the infection, which can result in increased insulin resistance,” he explained.
There is a body of epidemiological evidence showing a causal link between the two diseases. Globally, 15 per cent of TB cases are estimated to be caused by diabetes, accounting for about one million cases of diabetes-associated TB per year. India and China alone account for 40 per cent of diabetes-associated TB cases. The number of adult TB cases associated with diabetes in India is 302,000; it is 156,000 in the case of China.
The chances of TB treatment failure, death and relapse after cure are high in patients who are also diabetic. “The mechanism is largely the same as the mechanisms that increasethe risk of developing TB. The negative impact of diabetes on the immune system can contribute to poor response to TB treatment, and lead to relapse after TB has been cured,” noted Dr. Lonnroth.
According to one of the papers, a study of 163 countries between 1990 and 2004 showed that the increase in TB incidence was nine times higher in countries that also witnessed an increase in diabetes prevalence. The prevalence of diabetes has been increasing in India.
According to an analysis, the increase in diabetes prevalence from three per cent in 1998 to 3.7 per cent in 2008 resulted in 900,000 additional TB cases globally. “These diabetes-associated cases might have contributed to the absence of a decrease in tuberculosis incidence during 1998–2008, despite substantial improvements in TB diagnosis and treatment,” notes one of the three papers.
The incidence of diabetes-associated TB is only bound to grow bigger as the International Diabetes Federation has forecast that the diabetes prevalence would grow from eight per cent in 2013 to 10 per cent in 2035. Lack of diagnosis and poorly controlled diabetes “might be” a dominant factor causing diabetes-associated TB.
“Places where diabetes prevalence is high or is increasing quickly have the most to lose or gain from failures and successes in diabetes strategies,” notes a paper by Dr. Lonnroth.
Though the causal link is known, there is very little known on the “optimum treatment strategy for concurrent TB and diabetes.” Also, whether glucose control can “partly or fully mitigate” TB treatment failure, relapse and death is not known. Whether TB treatment should be different in people with diabetes is unknown.
The WHO’s 2011 framework requires bidirectional screening — patients with TB be screened for diabetes and vice versa. Two large studies conducted using the same methodology in India and China are expected to provide insights into the best clinical approaches to conduct bidirectional screening and management of the diseases.
“Although the scientific evidence on the link between TB and diabetes has been around for a long time, it has been rigorously assessed and consolidated only recently. Now we have compiled solid evidence, and I hope there will be no further delay in pursuing better coordination of diabetes and TB care and prevention,” Dr. Lonnroth noted.

Indian share markets open firmIndian share markets open firm
iPhone 6 won t feature an unbreakable sapphire displayThe iPhone 6 won't feature an unbreakable sapphire display, says Apple analyst
By Business Insider | 5 Sep, 2014, 04.24PM IST
0
Share More
People have been buzzing about a possible sapphire display in Apple's upcoming iPhone 6, but it looks like that won't be the case.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
By Steven Tweedie
Apple is expected to unveil both a 4.7" and a 5.5" version of the iPhone 6 at its September 9th event, but a new report from KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo says not to expect a sapphire display cover on either model.
Kuo's note was written up by Apple Insider. Kuo is the most reliable Apple analyst out there. He nailed the majority of last year's product launch, and so far this year he's been on target.
Hype surrounding a potential sapphire display for the iPhone 6 began after word got out that Apple was working with GT Advanced Technologies, a sapphire manufacturing plant.
A notoriously expensive material to synthesize, many have speculated that Apple would incorporate the tougher sapphire material into its upcoming iPhone 6 or iWatch devices. (Though it's important to note that while sapphire is scratch-proof, it's far from indestructible.)
Kuo also mentions that Apple will, introduce a new 128 GB variant of both the 4.7" and 5.5" iPhone 6. This would effectively double the storage capacity when compared to the iPhone 5S, which is only available in 16, 32, and 64 GB of storage.
In addition to revealing two version of the iPhone 6, Apple is also expected to debut its highly anticipated iWatch wearable at the September 9th event.

Forex Reserves Up $60 Million at $318 Billion as of August 29: RBIDollar Sweeps to 14-month High, Kicks Oil Below $100
Mumbai: India's foreign exchange reserves surged by $60.5 million to $318.64 billion during the week ended August 29 as foreign currency assets rose, the Reserve Bank (RBI) said.
The reserves had fallen by $810.7 million to $318.579 billion in the previous week, the RBI statement said.
Foreign currency assets (FCAs), a major constituent of overall reserves, increased by $75 million to $291.393 billion during the period, the statement noted.
FCAs, expressed in dollar terms, include the effect of appreciation or depreciation of the non-US currencies such as the euro, pound and yen held in reserves.
Gold reserves remained unchanged at $21.173 billion.
Special drawing rights were down $10.5 million at $4.386 billion.
India's reserve position with the IMF dropped by $4 million to $1.687 billion during the week, RBI data showed.
Story first published on: September 06, 2014 13:36 (IST)

Aviation Regulator Cracks Down on Nearly 140 Jet PilotsBanks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
New Delhi: The Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has cracked down on nearly 140 Jet Airways pilots for continuing to fly without clearing mandatory biannual exams and issued show cause notices to the airline questioning its pilot training programme.
The notices were issued to the pilots, as also Jet's chief operating officer and training chief, on the basis of an audit of its training programme by a three-member DGCA team.
Through the show cause notices, the aviation regulator asked these pilots why their licences should not be suspended as they were flying without clearing their Pilot Proficiency Check (PPC) tests, which have to be carried out every six months.
The audit was ordered after one of the airline's planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over the Turkish airspace on the Brussels-Mumbai route early last month.
When contacted, a Jet Airways spokesperson said the airline "has not seen the report from the DGCA nor has the airline been advised on when it will be received".
"We therefore cannot comment on the so called findings in the report or the speculation in the media."
"However we are confident that our training meets all DGCA and international standards and that we will be able to resolve any discrepancies or address any observations, however minor, once we have the report and can discuss the findings with the DGCA," the spokesperson said.
Maintaining that safety of passengers and crew remains the airline's "paramount priority", she said, "We will work closely with the DGCA to swiftly resolve any issues that may be highlighted by the authorities."
Airline officials said they would be seeking a meeting with the DGCA soon.
While Jet Airways was asked to ground three pilots "whose training was found to be deficient", the regulator also proposed action against some of the airline's trainers who "imparted deficient simulator training to pilots", DGCA officials said.
After the August incident involving the Jet flight over Turkey, the regulator conducted the audit from August 20 to 22, claiming to have found discrepancies of "serious nature".
Jet Airways employs about 600 pilots.
As per the findings of the audit report, as many as 131 pilots were found to be flying after expiry of validity of certificates of their proficiency check, a test that is required to be taken every six months.
These tests examine the overall knowledge level and proficiency of a pilot, the officials said.
Commenting on the matter, a senior pilot who refused to be named said the DGCA has been changing rules in this regard "very often" and it takes time for an airline to meet the detailed guidelines and standards required by the rules.
DGCA rules allow extension of time for Pilot Proficiency Checks (PPCs) by a month, he said, adding that the PPCs include checks on simulator training, on-flight route checks and completion of various courses including aviation security (AVSEC) and Dangerous Goods Course for pilots.
"If a pilot clears all flying exams but his AVSEC test gets delayed, he is still proficient enough to fly. The AVSEC test is meant for getting our airport security passes and has nothing to do with actual flying," the pilot argued.
Jet officials also said the airline was setting up its own flight simulators in Bangalore and was awaiting certification by the DGCA. Till then, the airline was sending its pilots for simulator training to Hong Kong, Jakarta, Dubai and even in Gurgaon, they said.
As per the DGCA audit, the private carrier's training and operations chiefs have been charged with "lack of supervision of flight crew training, no review of deficiencies recorded in training assessment forms and permitting release of flight crew for flying duties without corrective training".
Story first published on: September 06, 2014 15:23 (IST)

TN Govt drops V Moorthy  reinducts BV RamanaaTN Govt drops V Moorthy, reinducts BV Ramanaa
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, Sept 6:  
The Tamil Nadu Government has dropped V Moorthy from the council of ministers, according to a press release from the Governor.
The release said the Governor has accepted the recommendation of the state government dropping Moorthy, the Minister for Milk and Dairy Development.
The Government has inducted BV Ramanaa into the Cabinet. He will handle the portfolio of milk and dairy development, the release said.
Ramanaa had previously been the Revenue Minister when he was dropped from the cabinet earlier this year.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Most Popular

Haldia Petro Shutdown Paves Way for Other Players to Tap EastYou are here: Home Corporates
Haldia Petrochemicals Shutdown Paves Way for Other Petro Firms to Tap East
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 06, 2014 20:38 (IST)
Banks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
Kolkata: The shutdown of Haldia Petrochemicals Ltd (HPL) has paved the way for other giants in the sector to tap polymer market in the eastern region held by the region's petro major.
"We are unable to tap the eastern market though HPL plant is dry. Our plant is likely to commence operations next year. We are creating awareness about products in this part of the country," ONGC Petro Additions Ltd (OPaL) head polymer M Sanath Kumar said in Kolkata on Saturday.
According to industry estimates, HPL had a market share of 12 per cent in the polymer industry of the country with strong presence in the eastern region. The plant is closed since July.
Indian Oil senior manager Sumit Basu said the company was expanding its capacity in petrochemicals at Paradeep to tap the growing demand. Mr Basu was speaking at the Polycon India 2014.
GAIL GM (petrochemical marketing) Shivaji Basu said capacity of its plants is being expanded, including a green field petrochemicals project in the North East.
These new capacity in the East is expected to take off pressure from HPL and will help downstream industries to depend less on a Haldia-based plant.
Indian Plastics Federation had complained of raw material issues after the HPL shutdown for downstream industries of Bengal.
On Saturday IPF officials requested the petrochemicals majors that participated at the event to allocate more quantities for eastern region at least on spot price basis till the HPL plant reopened.
Story first published on: September 06, 2014 16:50 (IST)

PM Reviews Aadhaar  May Use it to Improve Delivery of SchemesYou are here: Home Economy
PM Modi Reviews Aadhaar, May Use it to Improve Delivery of Schemes
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 06, 2014 21:53 (IST)
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday reviewed progress of Aadhaar project and is believed to have discussed the possibility of using the platform to resume Aadhaar-based direct benefit transfers (DBT) of subsidised schemes.
It will also help monitor attendance of government officials.
The discussions, which were attended by Home Minister Rajnath Singh and Communications Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad, looked at the possibility of resuming the Aadhaar-linked direct benefit transfers in a bid to improve delivery mechanism.
The scheme was suspended by the previous UPA government.
The government, sources said, would conduct a dry run for Aadhaar-linked attendance system for the government officials on September 14.
Among those who attended the meeting was Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) Director General Vijay S Madan.
The high powered meeting reviewed progress of the Aadhaar project, particularly in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar where other schemes are facing difficulties due to low enrolments.
At present, 66.99 crore Aadhaar numbers have been issued. In Uttar Pradesh, about 4.62 crore Aadhaar numbers have been issued against a population of 19.95 crore.
In Bihar, around 1.41 crore Aadhaar numbers have been issued against a population of about 10.38 crore.
The Aadhaar project, which has been in focus of the new government, can substantially reduce the duplicity of beneficiaries and help plug leakages.
As mandated by the Prime Minister's Office, the Planning Commission and UIDAI, which implements the Aadhhar project, have jointly prepared a report on the Aadhaar-linked DBT scheme.
The commission and UIDAI's senior officials had visited around 300 districts across the country to study the impact of the Aadhaar-based scheme.
The officials have submitted the report on the Aadhaar-based DBT testing in these 300 districts.
On January 30, the UPA government had suspended the ambitious direct benefit transfer for LPG (DBTL) scheme, where consumers in 289 districts in 18 states got cash of Rs 435 per month in their bank accounts for purchasing cooking gas at market rate.
The DBTL scheme was put on hold due to complaints that many were not getting the benefit in absence of either an Aadhaar card or a bank account-linked Aadhaar.
The working of the UIDAI had come under scrutiny of the Supreme Court, which in an interim order, had observed that the identification number cannot be made mandatory for availing of benefits of the government's subsidy schemes.
As per experts, government would have to seek apex court's permission to modify earlier interim order for resumption of the Aadhaar-linked direct benefit transfer scheme for making payment of benefits.
Story first published on: September 06, 2014 21:44 (IST)

Jammu and Kashmir floods: Situation still grim  rescue operations onpicture  others
Jammu and Kashmir floods: Situation still grim, rescue operations on
The flood situation in Kashmir worsened today as many parts of Srinagar, including the Army cantonment in Badamibagh, were inundated and vital roads submerged.
Flood victims evacuated during a rescue operation in Hamirpur Kona at Rajouri district in Jammu on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
The embankments of River Jhelum were breached at many places due to rise in water level, submerging areas like Badamibagh, Sonawar, Rajbagh, Kursu, Natipora, Nowgam and old Barzulla, officials said.
The Indian Air Force Helicopters carrying out rescue operations during the flood fury,  in Hamirpur Kona at Rajouri district in Jammu. (Source PTI)
Flood victims being evacuated by an Indian Air Force MI-17 helicopter during a rescue operation at Hamirpur Kona in Rajouri, Jammu on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
The Indian Air Force Helicopters carrying out rescue, relief and evacuation of people marooned during the flood fury,  in Jammu and Kashmir on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
The Indian Air Force Helicopters carrying out rescue, relief and evacuation of people marooned during the flood fury,  in Jammu and Kashmir on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
A view of a flooded street in the heart of Srinagar on Sunday. (Source: PTI Photo)
People carrying their belongings wade through a waterlogged street in Srinagar on Sunday. (Source: PTI Photo)
Tourists move to a safer location standing on the back of a goods vehicle at MA Road in the heart of Srinagar on Sunday. (Source: PTI Photo)
A police vehicle makes its way through a waterlogged street in Srinagar on Sunday. (Source: PTI Photo)
Ghanta Ghar, in the heart of Srinagar, surrounded by flood water on Sunday. (Source: PTI Photo)

Amboli Village in Surat - A School Apartpicture  others
Amboli Village in Surat – A School Apart
Until last year, Amboli village in Surat celebrated Independence Day at its panchayat school. That was before it realised 32 HIV+ students were on its rolls. A year on, they are the only children left in the school. (Source: Express Photo by Bhupendra Rana)
The youngest child at the school is six years old while the oldest is 14. Twenty of them are orphans while the others have one surviving parent. (Source: Express Photo by Bhupendra Rana)
Shilpa and the 31 other HIV+ students, who joined the school in June last year, are all residents of Janani Dham, a hostel for HIV+ girls in the village that’s run by P P Sawani, a Surat-based business group. (Source: Express Photo by Bhupendra Rana)
Four days after the girls joined school, villagers met principal Tara Patel and threatened to pull their children out if the new students weren’t asked to go. (Source: Express Photo by Bhupendra Rana)
Every morning, the girls set off from their hostel at 10.15 so that they are in school by 10.30. The older girls are up at 6 am, get the younger ones out of bed, fold their bedsheets and pile them up in the cupboards. Shilpa and three other girls who are in their teens take charge of the younger ones. (Source: Express Photo by Bhupendra Rana)
Shilpa says the school counseled her relatives and so, she now gets to play with her cousins when she visits them. (Source: Express Photo by Bhupendra Rana)
Vaishali, 13, of Class VII, says they have learnt to deal with injuries on the playground. She says confidently, “But we do not allow teachers to dress our wounds — we know our blood is dangerous”. (Source: Express Photo by Bhupendra Rana)

A look into the tumultuous history of PakistanA look into the tumultuous history of Pakistan
7 Sep, 2014
Tweet
Text: G Seetharaman ET Bureau
Few would have expected the world's attention to turn to Pakistan when on August 14, the country's Independence Day, cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan began his 'Azadi March' from Lahore to Islamabad, demanding prime minister Nawaz Sharif's resignation, alleging that he had won a rigged election last year.

Indian Football: Some stardust amidst all-emcompassing ruinsPlease answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Get a Quote
Browse Companies
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z | 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
Browse Mutual Funds

Will govt’s move to merge key ministries be smoothYou are here: Home > Collections
Modi govt’s move to merge key ministries beneficial; but inherent contradictions may pose issues
Shantanu Nandan Sharma, ET Bureau Sep 7, 2014, 12.00PM IST
Tags:
Government
(The government’s move…)
Over the past 100-odd days, Piyush Goyal's driver has mastered the Union minister's schedule in the capital, and knows which office to drive him to every morning. If it's Monday or Thursday, it's got to be Shram Shakti Bhawan on Rafi Marg, which houses the ministry of power. On Tuesday and Friday, the minister visits the coal ministry located near Shastri Bhawan. And on Wednesday and Saturday, it is relatively a longer drive from Goyal's home at Pandara Road — to Lodhi Road's CGO Complex, which houses the ministry of new and renewable energy.
Goyal wears three different hats in a week, but the effort may well be worth it for the minister of state with independent charge of three ministries — power, coal, and new and renewable energy.
One minister in charge of both coal and power has its advantages, the main one being that it puts to an end skirmishes between two ministries as each pursued its own interests. Such conflicts, says Goyal, are now a thing of the past.
"Where is the room for any conflict between the coal and power ministries," he asks. "If some problem crops up, I call the power and coal secretaries to my cabin and settle it."
Goyal is not the only minister in the Modi sarkar who is in charge of multiple ministries including those which by nature harbour conflicting interests. For example, mines and steel which also had the habit of running into each other are now headed by one minister, Narendra Singh Tomar, in addition to the portfolio of ministry of labour and employment.
Then, overseas Indian affairs, a relatively smaller ministry that would tend to have issues with the ministry of external affairs, is now placed under external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj, mainly to explore opportunities for synergy and minimize potential frictions.
Burying the Hatchet
But the real test case for the new government will be to demonstrate that traditional combatants, the departments of commerce and revenue, no longer fight over tax exemption proposals. Commerce minister Nirmala Sitharaman who is also a minister of state in the finance ministry, told senior commerce ministry officials in her first interaction as a minister that she would convince the department of revenue, a finance ministry arm, to clear proposals on tax incentives to exporters that may form a part of the forthcoming Foreign Trade Policy 2014-19, according to a commerce ministry official who did not want to be named. "If the Foreign Trade Policy includes those exemptions, we can say — yes, the formula of one-minister, many-departments actually works," says the official.
  The one instance where two conflicting ministries — mines and steel — buried the hatchet recently is on raising mining royalty to state governments. The issue came up for review during the UPA regime too, but the ministry of mines had backtracked on the proposal after the steel ministry raised serious objections.
The government neither gains nor loses when royalty increases. The real gainers here are those states that produce iron ore, limestone, chromite, manganese, silver, bauxite and copper. But as iron ore constitutes 65% of the total non-coal mining in India, any royalty increase to the states pinches the steel producers, forcing the ministry of steel to protest. That's how it would typically play out in the past when mines and steel were headed by separate ministers.
However, once Tomar, the new minister with combined portfolios, got convinced that a royalty increase would act as an enabler for the states to grant quick permissions, thereby helping the mining sector to rejuvenate, he ensured that steel ministry officials fell in line. In the Cabinet note, the steel ministry's "concerns" got recorded and they agreed to drop the word "objection" to the proposal. After all, the same minister
can't propose on behalf of the mines ministry and object as the steel minister. The cabinet on August 21 approved the proposal, resulting in a 41% increase of royalty, to Rs 13,000 crore per year.
The New Norm
During UPA-II, the only example of one minister handling two conflicting ministries was Sharad Pawar of the NCP. As agriculture minister, Pawar ensured prices of agriculture products were increased so as to benefit farmers. But as consumer affairs minister, he was forced to move the other direction and worked overtime to contain prices for the benefit of consumers.
But what was then an isolated example has now become a new norm. And that raises a few questions, too. First, any dissent within the government, which could be based on genuine grounds, will likely get muzzled. If a minister wants to go ahead with a proposal, there is little room for any objection by another department held by the same minister. For example if Goyal as power minister takes a pro-power sector decision, he could well end up antagonize the coal sector, which he also represents as coal minister.

Narendra Modi wants to be  radio active   seeks people s viewsNarendra Modi wants to be 'radio active', seeks people's views
By Vishwa Mohan, TNN | 7 Sep, 2014, 05.34AM IST
Modi invited suggestions from people to connect on radio, asking them to extend their ideas on government's digital platform MyGov for this purpose. 
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: After successfully using television and web-based social media to connect with the masses, Prime Minister Narendra Modi now wants to explore radio — the old age media which reaches every nook and corner of the country.
Modi on Saturday invited suggestions from people to connect on radio, asking them to extend their ideas on government's digital platform MyGov for this purpose.
He wants people to outline not only the nature and structure of his radio address but also its periodicity and timing on particular days of a month.
"You have seen him on television, heard his speeches on the internet , visited his historic rallies and 'followed' him on social media. Now, Prime Minister Narendra Modi wants to interact with you through the radio", said the digital platform while seeking people's suggestions on the PM's behalf.
It said, "From Kashmir to Kanyakumari, from Maharashtra to Manipur the PM would interact with the people of India".
Modi is also asking for suggestions about the frequency of his broadcasts - whether it should be monthly, once in two months, once in three months.
"Should the days be decided - for example 2nd and 4th Sundays of the month at a fixed time?" asks the government website.
About nature of the address and topics, it asked "What ground should it cover - should it be a general address to the nation or should it cover specific topics such as good governance, women empowerment, self-sufficiency in defence"?
It also asked the general public to extend their suggestion on format of his radio address and title of the series of addresses.
It said, "Suggest a title for the series of addresses. The name must be creative and capture the true essence behind such a programme. So, share your views and become a part of yet another landmark idea that celebrates India and India's unity".

BJP will sweep all 4 upcoming state polls: Amit Shah"Formation of governments in these four states will be the achievement of the next stage of our agenda of Congress-free India (Congress-mukt bharat)," the BJP chief said. 
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: BJP chief Amit Shah has asserted the party will sweep Maharashtra and all other states going to polls shortly, and has dismissed the suggestion that the reverses party suffered in recent by-elections were reflective of an evolving larger trend.
According to a PTI report, Shah, while participating in a TV show, acknowledged the setbacks in the by-elections but claimed that the "BJP will defeat Congress in Maharashtra, Haryana, Jharkhand and J&K".
"Though our party suffered some reverses in the recent assembly bye-elections, I am confident that the forthcoming assembly polls in four states will make everything clear (doodh ka doodh, paani ka paani). All these four states will have BJP governments," PTI quoted Shah as saying on the TV show.
"Formation of governments in these four states will be the achievement of the next stage of our agenda of Congress-free India (Congress-mukt bharat)," the BJP chief said.
BJP sources said Shah's confidence is derived from a combination of factors: incumbency burden of Congress regimes, motivated cadre and the continuing appeal of NaMO factor. Sources said the BJP chief, while cautioning party workers against the pitfalls of complacency, is confident that the personal appeal of Prime Minister Narendra Modi will help party notch up unprecedented gains in Haryana where it had so far only limited pockets of influence, as well as Maharashtra where organizational weaknesses led it to acquiesce into ally Shiv Sena's "big brother" demeanor.
They denied that Shah, while on a visit to Mumbai, ever suggested that Modi factor had ebbed. Quite to the contrary, he sees the pull of Modi and the popular initiatives of the Modi government as the main weapons in BJP's armoury for Maharashtra and elsewhere.
In fact, BJP refused to accept its former ally Haryana Janhit Congress's demand for half of the seats in the state because of the confidence that the NaMO factor will propel it to podium with a two-thirds majority.
In Maharashtra also, party is confident of its chances : one of the reasons why Raj Thackeray has retired from the arena: although Shah, loath to leave anything to chance, in his visit to the state earlier this weak exhorted workers not take anything for granted.
Party is also confident of winning in Jharkhand and defeating Congress and its ally NCP in J&K.

DIB  a financial instrument  helps NGO fund social workBhopaji Husain
(EG has been working in Rajasthan…)
Year: 1982. Place: the temple town of Puri in Odisha. An 18-year-old Britisher looked on dumb-founded at the plate of food he was served — four or five lumps covered in something black.
Jerome Booth , wary of spicy food and the Indian summer, had asked for something light. He was in India doing a short stint for Oxfam, the international coalition of non-governmental organizations. "The local hosts cooked for me and, fearing that it would turn out too bland, they put dollops of black pepper to compensate," Booth recounted, while tucking into kebabs at a Mumbai restaurant a fortnight ago. Booth has his own India story to tell. He has experienced India in ways that many Indians have not — suffering heat-strokes twice and having his meals of dal-rice on banana leaves. Over the past three decades, Booth has learnt to enjoy spicy Indian food, including the humble vada pav. He has also made a pile of money, and has turned investor. Booth has just committed $100 million to the telecom sector in India.
Booth's journey from NGO-volunteer to economist and investor-turnedemerging markets evangelist is unique, as are the other two pieces that are a part of this narrative on how diverse investments flows into India are. The Chinese are keen to invest in hardware and telecom, and the Japanese want to be part of India's infrastructure development. The three stories here are about investors and investments originating in the West and in softer, unconventional areas.
'Invested in Fantasy' talks about the new venture of Ray Newal, the founder of Jigsee , an online streaming service. Though conceptualized in Canada, it is totally focused on India. 'The Name's Bond, Impact Bond' tells the story of how a novel financial instrument, the development impact bond, is being tried out for the first time. It funds an Indian NGO focused on educating young girls in India.
Sometimes battles find unusual heroes. In Rajasthan's Koliwara, a village in Pali district, the battle against child marriage has the village priest Savaram Devasi leading it. He has refused to officiate at marriages of child brides, having witnessed the death (due to early pregnancy) of two girls whose marriages he had solemnized. Instead, Devasi (popularly known as Bhopaji) has allied with NGO Educate Girls (EG) and supports their work. That the temple is bang opposite the school helps. Safeena Husain, founder and CEO of EG, says: "Bhopaji has a somewhat scary appearance, almost like a dacoit. He keeps an eye on children trying to bunk school and chases them back in."
EG has been working in Rajasthan since 2006-07, picking up three of the worst districts of the state in terms of girls' education. This year the EG footprint has doubled to six districts. Like Bhopaji, Husain has found one more unusual hero for her effort this year — a new financing instrument called the development impact bond (DIB). The DIB is a bond fund that allows her a lot of freedom. "A village school may need a toilet, while another may need investments in other areas. The DIB is linked to outcome and allows us freedom to spend the money," says Husain.
The need for the freedom can be illustrated easily, if we look at the list of EG's donors. Vodafone , the telephone company, funds the NGO for its work with 45,000 children. Cartier, the international jeweller, funds one district. Then Eros, the film distribution company, has been funding work in one block for three years. EG is also funded by LGT Venture Philanthropy, an arm of Liechtenstein Bank .
The Social and Financial Impact
The DIB is structured on the model of the social impact bond used in the UK at the Peterborough prison to help reduce government's costs of managing inmates and their rehabilitation. This is how it works. UBS Optimus Foundation, the arm of UBS that helps clients achieve their philanthropic goals, pays money upfront to EG and becomes the investor. Children's Investment Fund Foundation (CIFF) of the UK is the ultimate donor but it pays UBS Foundation only after the performance of EG is measured, in this case by a US-based validator called Instiglio. Depending on the performance, UBS can earn an interest of 7-13 per cent from CIFF. UBS takes on a money risk and EG a reputational one.
Says Husain: "We started work on the outcome-based model for getting aid from the UK's department for international development, but the House of Lords passed a resolution saying the UK will not fund India any more. So we are lucky all that work did not go waste and we found CIFF and UBS ready to work with that model."
UBS Optimus Foundation CEO Phyllis Costanza told ET Magazine in an interview from Zurich: "We have developed this bond from scratch and a lot of work has gone into it. The social impact bond had a clear cost impact and the government was the outcome payer. Here we have to work out the measurable impact and the outcome payer is CIFF."

Why Play It Interactive  a mobile gaming firm  is betting on IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections
Why Play It Interactive, a mobile gaming firm, is betting on India
Suman Layak, ET Bureau Sep 7, 2014, 03.53AM IST
Tags:
banker
(Play It Interactive was…)
The JW Marriott of Mumbai, on Juhu beach, offers a fleeting view of the sea, between buildings, and a little park the hotel has built on the sands is a joy for kids. But staying holed up in the hotel for two days after you have landed in India for the first time in your life can be disorienting. Jill Lennox , marketing head of Play It Interactive, a mobile gaming firm, had just gone through that in the third week of August, doing back-toback meetings at the hotel's business centre.
Naturally, she was excited when her team prepared to visit a coffee shop in one of central Mumbai's busy neighbourhood. "We are going to Lower Parel. One more meeting, but at least I will be going out of the hotel," Lennox said. Lennox wasn't in India only to attend meetings. On August 22, Play It Interactive announced it had raised $1.1 million in Canada to fund an Indiafocused business plan. India is now central to Play It Interactive's business strategy. The company had been startedup, and is headquartered, in Calgary , Canada, and offers clients fantasy gaming platforms to engage fans.
Co-founder and president Cory Cleveland, head of international business Ray Newal and head of technology Jason Faulkner were in Mumbai with Lennox. They finalized their India team and also initiated talks with potential clients. The company needed to find an office in Mumbai and a house for Newal and his family to move back to India from Canada.
Cleveland is a former investment banker . Newal is the founder and ex-CEO of Jigsee, the video streaming app that was acquired in 2011 by VuClip. Play It Interactive was founded in 2013 by Cleveland and a few others in Canada and raised one round of pre-seed funding in October 2013.
Games People Play
Cleveland calls the product a "fan engagement platform" where Indian media rights owners can engage with fans before and during an event. The target is clearly the film industry and sports. The aim is to get fans to spend more time on websites and media platforms and thereby increase viewership and visits. Play It's revenues are linked to how long fans spend on different media.
Cleveland explained how the company tested its fantasy gaming platform during the Fifa World Cup in Brazil . "You could choose your 11-member team out of the 22 players playing in a match and then the performance of the players was tracked through the match and you scored as per your choice." The experience was then built up by taking the results onto social media platforms like Facebook.
The team that works on product development is called "the secret sauce team". Ten people will be based out of India working on the products, says Newal.
But what will the team aim at delivering to clients? "Our goal is to engage fans asynchronously throughout the day with an experience that is simple enough for them to enjoy and be entertained by, even if they lack deep knowledge of the players and team statistics," says Newal. "In the western markets fantasy platforms keep people engaged during and between the games. We want to bring that over to India," Cleveland adds.
Why India? Cleveland mentions the new Pro Kabaddi League . The increasing number of sports leagues in India clearly takes the market one notch up on the attractiveness scale. Also products launched for the Indian market are often ready for other similar markets like Africa.
Newal and his experience with Jigsee was key for this company. So when Newal joined, India became the focus market for Play It. He explains: "In terms of technology investments , the world is becoming smaller. With Jigsee, we pioneered the concept of a multinational start-up, which leveraged Canadian technical innovation and localized product knowledge. Now that there is a precedent of a successful exit of this kind of company, the doors have opened to more such businesses."
Newal adds that the perceived risk is lower than it used to be, so western investors are willing to take it. "We are not opposed to raising money in India, but we didn't need to in this case. This is not to say we won't be open to raising money in India in the future," he adds.
Cleveland even thinks politics and elections are an opportunity of some sort as there was a strong following of the general elections on social media. He adds that the platform works with smartphones as well as feature phones and therefore India is a natural choice where plenty of feature phones are sold everyday. Newal says his family is excited about moving back to India. "My wife is an American but she grew up and studied in Delhi, and was teaching at the American embassy school in Mumbai when we met."
FEATURED ARTICLES

What makes Jerome Booth bet big on India’s telecom spaceaccomplished double bass player
(New Call Telecom Ltd, where…)
A meal with Jerome Booth may seem like sitting down to eat with Lewis Carol's Mad Hatter. Booth wears many hats, and often successfully sells them. An economist, a writer , an investor in media and telecom technologies, a musician and an academic, Booth wore at least three hats during his recent India tour. He promoted his book Emerging Markets in an Upside Down World, he toured the country with The Britten Sinfonia Orchestra and he announced major investment plans.
Booth has been listed at 425 on the United Kingdom rich list with personal wealth of £189 million. His investment company, New Sparta Ltd, has diverse investments — from investigative journalism to film production and distribution.
New Call Telecom Ltd , where Booth is chairman , announced plans to invest $100 million in mid-level telecom companies in India. Booth said: "A lot of work has been done and we may be able to announce a series of acquisitions in the next few weeks."
Taking the Call
Booth will work with telecom service providers to give more value. "Suppose you are leaving a movie hall — right at that moment you can get an SMS asking if you want the movie's music on a CD or downloaded right there," he says to illustrate the kind of services that can be built. Another area that he is big on is the Wi-fi connectivity space. "Wifi connections can take a lot of load off the service providers in different parts of the city." New Call Telecom is a leader, especially on price, in UK's fixed line telephony market and sees opportunity in India too.
KPMG's head for telecommunications Jaideep Ghosh thinks that while the tier I and tier II of India's telecom sector comprising service providers, equipment manufacturers and tower companies are all fairly large, there are opportunities in tier III. "The value-added services (VAS) market is growing because of our culture of embracing apps. So VAS and app development can be an area. Otherwise $100 million is too small an amount."
Ghosh agrees that New Call Telecom may have an opportunity in Wi-fi and fixed line. "Hot spots, in-building solutions and distributed antenna solutions are all growing markets, although final bandwidth comes from the service providers," Ghosh adds.
Coining New Terms
Booth does not spend too much time talking about telecom though. He wants to invest in Bollywood too sometime in the future. However, right now he wants to promote his book. "It took me nine years to write and rewrite," he adds. For his part, Booth has been putting his money where his mouth is. In his earlier avatar he was co-founder and head of research at Ashmore Group , which was established through a management buy-out in 1999; Ashmore was spun out of the Australia and New Zealand Banking Group (ANZ). The Ashmore shares helped Booth make his fortune and he left the company in 2013 to go solo.
Booth is a well-known emerging markets evangelist in the UK. He coined the term HIDC — highly indebted developed countries — to counter HIPC (highly indebted poor countries) and writes in his book that the developed countries are the ones that need to worry about the next global crisis. "The US Treasury bonds are almost exclusively subscribed by central banks of emerging market nations. A homogenous investor base is risky and this can lead to a crisis as all the central banks may behave similarly in certain situations and want to withdraw their money," Booth says. "This is what happened in Thailand in the '90s. People who understood the risk got out and in the end a homogenous group of investors was left."
Booth, who likes BRICS and the BRICS Bank idea, has coined the word MINT, which expands to Mexico, Indonesia, Nigeria and Turkey. He loves taking established economic ideas head on. In fact, Booth says: "One reason I studied economics was when I heard economists speak I realized they were not talking sense, but I could not answer back as I did not know their language."
On a Different Note
And then there is music. Booth is an accomplished double bass player , an amateur singer and also plays violin. His parents were both Shakespearean actors.
He is a trustee of the Britten Sinfonia Orchestra and was travelling in India right through August, attending its performances across five cities. "You should attend the performances, they are using a lot of Indian elements, including Tagore's songs," says Booth.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lalbaugcha Raja: Most talked-about Ganeshotsav pandalET Magazine visits the most popular of the pandals, Lalbaugcha Raja, and finds it to be more than about the lord himself.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
The cab stops not far from a fivestar hotel in central Mumbai. There is a slim chance the car can proceed any further for the next half hour though it is 11.15 pm. If that is not indicative enough of the proximity to the most-visited pandal in the city during Ganeshotsav, there are multiple hoardings, including several for 'Namo Tea' and another for a fan brand where Ganesh is about the same size as the fans; lights so bright they can light up a stadium; and music that falls with thuds on your unprotected ears.
The cab driver tells me I'm a day late: "There were hardly any people yesterday and you wouldn't have had to wait for long. Looks like you have to today." My enthusiasm deflated, I decide to pay him and hoof it, but I little know that the queues to see Lalbaugcha Raja are at least a kilometre away. This could well be a fair or a cricket match, by the looks of the hordes heading there. While we are quite adept at jaywalking, on this night it takes on a whole different hue.
People walk across the road with an air of abandon; they pause in the middle of the road and sprint on the four-foot-high divider, which is wide enough for people to sleep on, between pillars holding a flyover. Couples in formal wear, with their laptop bags bouncing on their backs, who evidently do not live close enough to go home to get into something more comfortable before coming here; boisterous late-teens; large families keeping track of their kids — there is every type of visitor. For most of them it is a night on the town.
'Q' Street
Lalbaugcha Raja, which is in its 80th year, is not like the hundreds of other pandals across Mumbai. It is by far the mostvisited and talked-about, and entry into it is not simple. If you are important enough or can wangle a VIP pass, you have little to worry about. If you are happy just seeing the idol from a distance, there is the 'mukh darshan' queue. But the king of queues is the 'navas' line where devotees come to pay their respects by touching the Raja's feet for fulfilling their wishes. You might have to wait anywhere between eight hours and over two days in the navas queue, while the mukh darshan is much quicker.
Though I toyed with the idea of joining the navas line and packed enough food for it, I decided against it for it is trying even for the most hardened of devotees, leave alone for a curious non-believer like myself though I was once a 108-Gaytari-Mantras-a-day worshipper.
Moreover, if in the interest of time I decided to quit without even seeing the 12-foot idol, it would be anti-climactic. Next to where several homeless folk are deep in sleep, oblivious to the chaos around them, are cops who help me with directions to the mukh darshan line, which begins on a sidewalk.
I actually walk past the pandal to join the queue that snakes back. As I take my place in the line, the guy behind me half-jokingly asks the cops on guard if there is a shortcut to the pandal from where they are standing. One of the cops laughs and says there is only one way to get there. Minutes later, the guy's wife seethes at a lady police officer letting a few women join the queue by squeezing through the barricade.
There are five not-so-well-demarcated lines which keep merging and splitting in our queue which has a stop-start motion: we are stationary for 15 minutes and are mobile for the next 10, and the pattern is repeated several times. Standing there is not very different from travelling on a Mumbai local or waiting at any crowded temple, what with all the jostling and cussing. The first memory that springs to mind is of my visit to the Sabarimala temple in Kerala when I was seven or eight. We moved all of a few inches — barefoot on an incline — in some nine hours and I did not forgive my father for that ordeal for a long time. Thankfully, I have no recollection of my visit to Tirupati which could have been no better.
Among Believers
Seventy-six-year-old Daksha Seth is moving with great difficulty, almost dragging her feet, with ample help from her son, Anil . They are both regulars here every year except last year when she had to give it a miss because of a back surgery. When I ask her why she chooses to go through what is clearly a painful experience, "I try to ignore the pain. I recovered from my surgery thanks to my belief. I would have liked to do the mannat [navas] darshan, but I'm too old for that. I did it for nearly 10 years." For Subhash Mane and his wife, Gayatri , this visit is important because it is the first for their daughter, Shruti , who is so petrified of the hollering men next to her that she freezes and is about to let loose a scream, causing her mother to panic and pick her up.
Page 1 of 2

WW I:What made British take extra care to feed Indian faujisWhat made the British take extra care to feed Indian soldiers during World War I
Vikram Doctor, ET Bureau Sep 7, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Army
(By providing rotis, fresh…)
On December 14, 1914 The Times of India (ToI) carried a report from the northern French town of Boulogne. The writer was there to follow the war that had started a few months earlier and here was an unexpected side of it: "A flock of sheep and blunt-faced herd goats driven through a French boulevard by Punjabi Musulmans." In true village style one of them shouted at a startled old French lady who was in the way: "Budhi Budhi nikal jao!"
The Punjabis were soldiers, just a few of the thousands of Indians who would serve in World War 1 and their presence, and that of the goats, was a sign of how different this war would be. Before 1914 Europe had enjoyed a long era of relative peace, which meant that when war finally came their armies weren't prepared for the profound changes that had taken place.
Battle for Food
As the Crimean, Boer and American civil wars had shown, new technologies like railways and machine guns had reset all rules of war and the great tragedy of WW I was that it took the leaders so long, and so many lives lost, before they realized this. But the grim truth was they also had more lives to lose — 19th century industrialization had driven people from villages to towns where they could be signed up faster, and Britain and France now had large colonies from where they could call up reserves, like those Punjabis in Boulogne.
Deployment on this scale meant huge logistical challenges especially in feeding the men. Armies in history had generally combined some advance provisioning with looting the countryside for food, but the latter was not allowed by the French, who were effectively hosting the war (the Germans did it) and in any case would not have been effective given the scale of supplies needed. A lot of army activity in the early stages of the war went into solving this problem.
Andrew Robertshaw, in his book Feeding Tommy (British soldiers were called Tommies), writes that the British army did better than it has been given credit for. Soldiers wrote home complaining about the food, and it was alleged that more fodder for horses was sent than food for men. But as Robertshaw points out, motorized transport was still not total and horses pulled everything from wagons to guns; this was perhaps the last war where oats were like petrol!
Soldiers did complain, but Robertshaw suggests that this was more about the boredom of the food. The core of British military rations was canned meat, called bully beef (from the French for boeuf bouilli or boiled beef ) and hard baked biscuits and in the early stages that was what they got. In time rations improved. An army cooking school in Aldershot was reopened and new recruits persuaded to sign up. Few wanted to be cooks, since it was seen as unheroic, yet risky — smoke from the kitchens made them an easy target for enemy gunners.
One Man's Meat...
Despite these problems, medical records show that most conscripts did better in the army than at home. War forced the government to acknowledge what it ignored in peacetime — the bad health of the poor in crowded industrial cities. Robertshaw writes that during the Second Boer war (1899-1902) "it was found that almost half the men who attempted to enlist for the army were physically unfit for military service". One result was a campaign to tackle malnourishment by feeding children — our midday meal schemes may have originated from such war-related fears.
Indian troops posed a particular problem. The British saw colonial troops as a crucial support, but also had fears about them. The Rising of 1857 had left a permanent fear of mutiny and European conditions would be hard for Indian troops. Hindus would have fears of losing caste by travelling overseas while Muslims might be unwilling to fight their fellow Muslims in the Turkish army. Some Muslim soldiers did refuse to fight, while others went over to the Turkish side after the disastrous British surrender at Kut-al-Amara in 1916 during the Mesopotamia campaign.
That more Indian troops did not mutiny is probably due to the extra care the British took to keep them happy, and food played a key role. Vegetarians were given dal, gur and milk instead of meat. In fact, the real problem involved meat. The British knew how the Rising was partly triggered by beef and pork grease on cartridges and the last thing they wanted was to make such a mistake again. So not only was bully beef kept far from the Indians, they arranged for mutton and, as far as possible, killed on the spot — hence those sheep and goats in Boulogne.
 

Learn charkha spinning like Gandhi in Delhi University!Learn charkha spinning like Gandhi in Delhi University!
By PTI | 7 Sep, 2014, 12.20PM IST
Endorsing Gandhian principles and aiming to inculcate similar values in its students, DU is offering a free certificate course in 'charkha spinning'.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Endorsing Gandhian principles and aiming to inculcate similar values in its students, Delhi University is offering a free certificate course in 'charkha spinning'.
"Come dressed in khadi clothes and learn how to spin the wheel, is all what is needed to pursue the recently introduced course at Delhi University," said Nisha Tyagi, Deputy Dean (Academics), Gandhi Bhawan.
Every Wednesday, from 3 PM to 5 PM, a group of students gathers at the varsity's Gandhi Bhawan to learn spinning the wheel and drawing the yarn from Sita Bimbrahw , a retired Hindi professor of DU's Kamla Nehru College.
Passion for teaching charkha is nothing new for 78-year-old Bimbrahw, who has taught the art to former prime ministers Jawaharlal Nehru, V P Singh, Atal Bihari Vajpayee and Morarji Desai, among others.
Bimbrahw, however, says, she enjoyed teaching the art to former Foreign Minister of Ireland Gerald Collins who was on a visit to India in 1991.
"I have been teaching charkha since 1969 at Rajghat every Friday, as Bapu was shot dead on Friday. It was one of those Fridays, when Collins had visited Rajghat and noticed me teaching the art to a group," she recalled.
"He caught fancy of the charkha and expressed his desire to learn it. I was unaware of who he was and politely refused, saying it was time for me to go home. Then the officials accompanying him told me about him and asked me to demonstrate the charkha spinning .
"I further said, I only teach the art to khadi-clad people and hence can't teach it to the minister. He asked the team accompanying him to arrange for khadi kurta as soon as possible.
"After changing into the khadi clothes, he asked me, 'madam am I ready now to be your pupil?'. And I must say he was a quick learner," Bimbrahw reminisced.
In the Gandhi Bhawan premises, sitting on mats, Bimbrahw teaches the students how to work on the Yerwada or Peti charkha, an efficient, portable model that Gandhi had devised during his time in Yerwada Jail.
"Unlike the Amber charkha, the Yerwada model is compact and folds into a wooden box. Students first learn to work with the small spindle and are then taught the charkha," she said.
The course is not just restricted to Delhi University students, but is open to anyone who wishes to learn the art but prior registrations are mandatory.
"Charkha is such an important element of Indian culture as well as history and no other Indian university offers a course in it," said Tyagi.
"It was surprising for us to see that majority of students registering for the course were boys and only few girls. A visually challenged person has registered too," she added.
The Gandhi Bhawan has 17 Yerawada charkhas on which students can practice. On finishing 24 hours (12 classes), they will get a certificate by the university.
For students, however, its not a matter of certificate but they are impressed with the idea of pursuing an out-of-the box hobby.
Praharsh, a student of St Stephens College said, "I was amazed to see the kind of patience and focus it requires to spin a charkha. It is no less than pursuing an exotic hobby course!"

 Government  RBI to Devise Monetary Framework: RajanUS Manufacturing Industry Pushes India for Free Trade
New York: The government and the Reserve Bank of India will this year negotiate to formulate a monetary framework for the central bank that lays more emphasis on inflation, the bank's Governor Dr Raghuram Rajan has said.
"This year the government and the RBI will negotiate together to formulate a monetary framework for the RBI...the idea is to move towards an objective which has much more emphasis on inflation," Dr Rajan said in a speech in Chicago on Friday.
He said the focus for the RBI has been on controlling inflation and on creating a sound monetary framework.
The RBI Act of 1934 does not say anything about the framework that the RBI operates under, he added.
"Since 1934 we have not figured out a framework for the RBI. (It is) time we do it. The government and the RBI will do that," he said.
Dr Rajan reiterated that RBI is aiming to bring down the headline number to 8 per cent by end of this year and to six per cent by the end of next year.
"After that the framework will start kicking in and the government will determine what level it wants inflation at, through some kind of act," he said.
Dr Rajan also noted that India is finally seeing growth improve, with the country's GDP growing to 5.7 per cent in the last quarter up from about 4.6 per cent a year ago. He, however, cautioned that while this growth is "reassuring" there still tremendous room for further improvement.
"I do not want to jump up and down about this number. It is reassuring but we need more of it. My hope is that this year we do a (GDP growth) of 5.5 per cent, may be a little better" and target a growth figure in the 6s next year and around 7 per cent by 2016.
The fiscal deficit too had blown out from 2.5 per cent to 6.5 per cent and the government worked "very hard" to bring it down. He said the fiscal deficit is projected to come down to 4.1 per cent this year and by 0.5 per cent every year after 2014.
He, however, said that everything is not "hunky dory" and there are still lots that need to be done.
"After you cut the deficit the second step is fix the quality of the fiscal deficit," he said.
Dr Rajan also spoke about the measures being taken by the central bank to deal with borrowers who default on repaying their loans.
"We have also told borrowers if they hold out too long and if there is malfeasance, we will label them willful defaulters which means they cannot get credit from the system again for any other project. That is a pretty serious threat in India. This is a regulatory threat," he said, adding that once a borrower is labelled willful defaulter the person is a "high risk" and the central bank would even impose huge capital requirements on banks if they lent to such a defaulter.
RBI has also coined another term called "non-cooperative defaulter."
"If you don't pay you are called non-cooperative which again raises your capital requirements if you get a loan from anywhere, effectively again using the threat of stopping the lending to any other project this person may be involved with years down the line if they don't cooperate now," he said.
Noting that one of the biggest concerns in an emerging market is dealing with distress, Dr Rajan unfortunately in India the bankruptcy system is archaic and when somebody defaults it is hard getting the money back.
"We have to work on improving distress and we have been working on making sure the banks get their money back, using every instrument we have essentially creating a bankruptcy system outside the bankruptcy system," that relies on regulations as the way to enforce so as to get a little more bite in dealing with the non-performing assets.
Without naming anyone, Dr Rajan said "someone" was declared a willful defaulter last week.
"But we need to do more and we need to effectively create that bankruptcy system itself. These are stop gap arrangements for the broader objective of creating a functioning bankruptcy system which is speedy," he said.
Story first published on: September 07, 2014 13:12 (IST)

No camp ‘in chaos’ as Yes vote grows© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/73fc4c1a-36a8-11e4-95d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SP  Congress field fewer Muslims in UP by-electionsArchis Mohan |  New Delhi Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 12:57 AM IST
SP, Congress field fewer Muslims in UP by-elections
The Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP's) historic Lok Sabha election success in Uttar Pradesh has influenced its two main rivals in the state, the Samajwadi Party (SP) and Congress, to field fewer Muslim candidates for the 11 Assembly seats that go to by-polls on Saturday.
The by-elections, necessitated as sitting MLAs from these seats were elected to the Lok Sabha, are likely to be a three-cornered battle among BJP, SP and Congress. The Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP), which could not win even a single seat in the general elections, is not contesting the by-polls.
Both the Congress and SP seem to have shown little faith in Muslim candidates. The two parties, say sources within these, aren't confident the community could provide winnable candidates in the state's communally polarised environment. Uttar Pradesh has seen several communal clashes in recent months.
PLAYING IT SAFE?
September 13: 11 Assembly seats in Uttar Pradesh go to by-polls
25%: Average of Muslim population in five of the 11 western UP seats
One: The Samajwadi Party’s lone Muslim candidate, Nawab Jan Khan, has been fielded for Thakurdwara seat
Three: Number of seats of these 11 on which SP had fielded Muslims in 2012 Assembly polls
Two: Number of Muslims the Congress party has fielded — for Thakurdwara and Bijnore seats
Four: Number of Muslim candidates on Congress ticket in the 2012 polls (of the 11 Assembly seats going for by-polls)
11%: The share of Muslims in the candidates in fray for the 11 seats (compared with 16% in 2012)
SP's lone Muslim candidate is Nawab Jan Khan for the Thakurdwara seat, which falls under the communally sensitive Moradabad constituency. Sources say the party withdrew its other Muslim candidate, Shabbir Ahmed Valmiki, from the Balha reserved seat (in Bahraich constituency), bowing to ground-level analysis that suggested increased tension between Dalits and Muslims. By comparison, of these 11 constituencies, the party had fielded three Muslim candidates - for Saharanpur Nagar, Balha and Nighasan - during the 2012 Assembly polls.
Similarly, the Congress has this time fielded Muslim candidates for the Thakurdwara and Bijnore seats. In the 2012 Assembly elections, it and its alliance partner, Ajit Singh's Rashtriya Lok Dal, had fielded four Muslims - from Saharanpur, Thakurdwara, Sirathu and Bijnore - of these 11 seats. RLD had contested the Bijnore seat.
At least five of the seats going to polls on Saturday are in Western Uttar Pradesh, which saw the Muzaffarnagar communal riots a year ago, and have an average 20 to 25 per cent Muslim population.
Both SP and Congress had fielded Muslim candidates in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections for the Saharanpur, Bijnore and Moradabad constituencies. Thakurdwara Assembly constituency is part of the Moradabad Lok Sabha seat.
According to sources in SP, Azam Khan, its most prominent Muslim leader, has been requested by party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav to stay away from canvassing for party candidates in the by-polls. Khan's name hasn't figured among the 23 ministers who have been made in-charge of the 11 Assembly seats and the lone Lok Sabha seat of Mainpuri that go to polls. During the Lok Sabha elections, the Election Commission had booked Khan for his ostensibly offensive speeches.
Even aside from the mainstream political parties, fewer Muslim candidates have turned up to contest for these 11 seats. That might be because of the overall lack of interest in the by-polls.
Only 118 candidates are in the fray across the 11 seats, compared with 223 in the 2012 Assembly elections. The number of Muslims candidates has dropped from 36 (16 per cent) in 2012 to 13 (11 per cent) this time.
Party leaders in both SP and Congress, who did not wish to be named, admitted to polarisation of votes along religious lines in the state. This polarisation has chipped away the Samajwadi Party's "MY" (Muslims plus Yadav) electoral formula.
Zafarul Islam Khan, editor of the Milli Gazette, says fewer Muslims being fielded by parties like the Congress and SP was understandable. "One cannot blame them when the atmosphere in Uttar Pradesh has become communally polarised and vitiated, particularly now, with Yogi Adityanath leading the BJP campaign. These parties also need to ensure that their candidates win," Khan said. He said it was probably the assessment of these parties that Muslims might not make for winnable candidates in a polarised atmosphere.
Of the 11 seats, 10 were won by BJP candidates in the 2012 Assembly elections and the Rohaniya seat by Apna Dal's Anupriya Patel. Rohaniya seat falls in the Varanasi Lok Sabha constituency, which elected Narendra Modi as its member of Parliament. The 11 Assembly seats going to polls are Saharanpur Nagar, Bijnore, Thakurdwara, Noida, Nighasan, Lucknow East, Hamirpur, Charkhari, Sirathu, Rohaniya and Balha (SC).
 Advertisements

Bharti Airtel may raise $1 bn from sale of N...You are here: Home > Collections
Bharti Airtel may raise $1 bn from sale of Nigeria towers; deal may be sealed in 3 weeks
Anandita Singh Mankotia, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Airtel
(Bharti Airtel is expected…)
NEW DELHI: Bharti Airtel is expected to reach an agreement on the sale of its telecom towers in Nigeria for more than $1 billion within the next three weeks. American Tower Company (ATC) is believed to be leading the race to buy the 4,000 towers, followed by IHS Towers, said a person aware of the status of talks. Once the sale goes through, Bharti would have successfully sold almost half its towers in Africa.
"ATC is believed to have bid the highest amount," said the person cited above. While ATC didn't respond to ET's query, IHS couldn't be reached for comment. The proceeds of the sale will be used to retire a part of the company's debt, which dropped to $9.6 billion at the end of the June quarter from $10.07 billion at the end of March.
Bharti's net debt-to-EBITDA dropped to 2.04 from 2.20 between the two quarters. The development comes close on the heels of Bharti selling 3,100 towers in the continent in July. Bharti had sold its 3,100 towers to Helios Tower Co, an independent tower operator backed by George Soros, Madeleine Albright and Jacob Rothschild, for an undisclosed amount.
While neither Bharti nor Helios disclosed the valuation of the transaction, a person aware of the details told ET that the Indian company had raised close to $800 million.As ET reported previously, Bharti is hoping to raise up to $3 billion through the sale of its African towers.
However, given the current valuation of tower companies in the continent, Bharti's expectation is believed to be on the higher side. "Since buyers are (only) willing to cough up some more than $2 billion, negotiations are delaying the closure of the deal," a person close to the development told ET.
Bharti owns 15,000 telecom towers across 17 countries in Africa. It decided to sell them to independent tower companies after failing to create a joint venture tower company with other telecom operators.
This would have been along the lines of Indus Towers, a joint venture of Bharti, Vodafone and Idea Cellular in India. Increasingly, telecom operators across Africa such as MTN are selling their towers to independent companies owing to the high costs of running the infrastructure in areas of low population density. These operators then lease the towers back from the buyers on a long-term basis.
The purchase makes business sense for tower companies such as ATC and Goldman Sachs-backed IHS, which are then able to rent them out to multiple telecom service providers. Last month, Bharti raised Rs 2,100 crore through the sale of a 4.5 per cent stake in its tower arm, Bharti Infratel.
The company had said it would use the proceeds to retire part of its debt. Most of the company's debt stems from the purchase of its African operations. While Bharti's operational performance in India has begun looking up — it posted a 61 per cent jump in June quarter profit to Rs 1,108 crore from the year earlier — it's been slipping in Africa.
Losses at its operations there widened to Rs 820 crore from Rs 298 crore. Bharti purchased Kuwaitbased Zain Group's African operations across 15 countries in 2010 for $10.7 billion.
Lower derivative and forex losses owing to a more stable rupee helped Bharti rein in finance costs during the quarter — they fell 18 per cent to Rs 1,167 crore. In the past one year, the company has successfully converted its entire foreign currency debt, taken on to purchase the African operations, into long-term bonds, thus reducing its debt-servicing burden.
FEATURED ARTICLES

2014 HARVEY AWARDS: Broadway producer’s ‘The Fifth Beatle’ yields ‘humbling’ twin honors [+FULL WINNERS LIST]By Michael Cavna September 7 Follow @comicriffs
 
GROWING UP, Vivek Tiwary didn’t just want to meet comics creators. Standing there in the autograph line, Tiwary wanted one day to become a comics creator.
On Saturday night in Baltimore, in a roomful of cartoonists, he achieved another milestone in having arrived at that very dream.
“The Fifth Beatle ” has won Harvey and Eisner awards this summer. (Dark Horse)
At this weekend’s Harvey Awards banquet, hosted by Baltimore Comic-Con at the Hyatt Regency, Tiwary’s graphic novel, “The Fifth Beatle: The Brian Epstein Story” (M Press/Dark Horse), won two honors: Best Original Graphic Album and Best Biographical, Historical or Journalistic Presentation.
This was, Tiwary tells The Post’s Comic Riffs, “a happy and humbling experience for me to win two awards chosen by the creative community.”
In expressing his gratitude, Tiwary – who is also a Tony-winning producer – shares his own origin story involving comics.
“When I was a kid growing up in New York City, I was obsessed with comics,” Tiwary tells Comic Riffs the day after his special night. “I attended every convention I could get to, and I would wait on line to meet the creators. The creators were people I looked up to for inspiration and for aspiration. …
“I wanted nothing more than to be a comic creator.”
A decade ago, Tiwary began making his mark in theater, co-producing a Broadway revival of “A Raisin in the Sun” (which yielded Tony Awards for Phylicia Rashad and Audra McDonald, among its four nods). And in April of 2010, he unveiled two stage productions that reflected his interests in both cartoon-inspired work ( “The Addams Family,” starring Nathan Lane and Bebe Neuwirth) and pop music (the Tony-nominated musical “American Idiot” ). But as a producer, he especially had a passion to tell the story of one of rock’s most visionary entertainment managers: Brian Epstein.
Now, nearly a year after publishing his passion project of a graphic novel – beautifully illustrated by Andrew C. Robinson and Kyle Baker – Tiwary basked in the feeling of having arrived within this realm, just weeks after “The Fifth Beatle” won an Eisner Award for Best Reality-Based Work.
“To find myself in a room where I could call these folks my fellow creators — and to have [them] welcome me into their gang and to acknowledge me with that award — was really a complete dream come true for me,” Tiwary tells Comic Riffs, one week after he spoke about his book and planned “Fifth Beatle” movie at the National Book Festival .
Tiwary says he accepts the award on behalf of “all my fellow creators” – those who “came before me and inspired me along the way.”
The graphic novelist also tells The Post that the Harvey Award bookends will serve as “encouragement to keep going.”
Promised Tiwary: “You’re going to be hearing more from me in comics soon.”
As for now, to spin the phrase of John Lennon, Tiwary the comics creator has certainly passed the audition.
Other multiple-award winners Saturday included SAGA (Image), including dual wins for artist Fiona Staples; Sex Criminals (Image); Adventure Time (kaBOOM!); and “Best of Comix Book: When Marvel Comics Went Underground” (Kitchen Sink/Dark Horse).
Here is the full list of 2014 Harvey Award winners:

Won t interfere with SC decision on coal allocation: GoyalSep 08, 2014, 09.18 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Not against coal deallocation, we only want finality: Goyal
Power Minister Piyush Goyal says revenue maximsation alone can't be the driver at possible coal block auctions after the SC verdict and that the government is not making a case for any block.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Not against coal deallocation, we only want finality: Goyal
Power Minister Piyush Goyal says revenue maximsation alone can't be the driver at possible coal block auctions after the SC verdict and that the government is not making a case for any block.
Post your opinion here
Special Show
As the date for the Supreme Court's decision in the coal allocation case draws near , power minister Piyush Goyal says they will not interfere with court's decision, but makes it clear that they are not making a case for exemption for any player
On e-auction, he says that the government is very clear that one company’s profits can't be more important than the greater good and a cut in Coal India 's e-auction volumes is almost a done deal.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Piyush Goyal’s interview with CNBC-TV18’s Shereen Bhan. For the complete interview watch the accompanying videos
Q: The many achievements that you have listed in your report card. The achievements during the first 100 days and you also spoke about how this has been a trail by fire for you, your initiation into these ministries has been trial by fire but would you say that your real test will start on September 9 when the Supreme Court passes its verdict on what it intends to do as far as coal block allocation is concerned?
A: Why I am on test every single day and September 9 will be one more day in that stream of days. I am in fact very much hoping that September 9 will show some finality to this long pending dispute. I do hope on September 9 the decision is final and I am able to move forward so that I can find solutions to this big problem of increasing the coal production and reduce our dependency on imports and increasing the generation of power. So, I am in fact eagerly looking forward to this date.
Q: I don’t expect you to pre judge what the Supreme Court is going to say but I want to quote from your own booklet where you say that the government is ready with a plan to expeditiously and transparent the auction block subject to the outcome of the Supreme Court’s judgement. What are the scenarios that you are working with the worst case scenario I would imagine Supreme Court saying that all 218 blocks have to go? What is the best case scenario that the government is hoping for?
A: I have no worst case or best case whether they deallocate all 218 or any number of them. For me, I am agnostic to the decision.
Q: Can you really be agnostic given the fact that this is going to disrupt the economy?
A: I can assure you nothing will get disrupted. We value and respect the judgement of the honourable Supreme Court. I am sure the Supreme Court is seized of all the ground realities, they asked us to present information about the blocks which are already producing or which are ready to produce, which we shall furnish to the court.
As far as the Government of India is concerned, we certainly do not want to suggest any particular course of action. Once the Supreme Court makes up its mind, what it wants to do. We will expeditiously get into the act of taking the process forward in a transparent and honest manner to discover the price given to people who deserve it, who are most competitive in their proposals and in that process I am confident, if at all there is a disruption we will keep it to the bear minimum. In any case these coal blocks produced barely 37 million tonne last year and maybe 50-52 million in the current year. So, there will be a certain short-term disruption but in the medium to long-term we will be able to open up many more mines much faster. However, for the last many months now we have not been able to give mining leases, we have not been able to open many new mines which are ready to produce. I think all of that can get expedited.
Q: How quickly will you be able to undertake auctions if indeed the court cancels 218 or exempts the 46 that you are hoping that the court will exempt?
A: I would like to correct you that I am not hoping they would exempt any particular blocks – that has not been the case of the government either in the hearing on the 1st or in the hearing on the 9th, we are not hoping for any particular dispensation for a set of people. We are only looking for finality of the process.
Q: Is the government not keen that the 46; 40 which are already operational and six which will be commissioned by March next year, these should be exempt?
A: The government is not interfering in the process of the court – that is for the court to judge and decide. The government has only appealed that whatever decision the court takes should be final and should not be left to any further committees that is the appeal that we have made.
Q: Is that the worst case scenario that they will setup a judges committee to overview and overlook the situation?
A: I would not like to comment on that, but the important thing is that we have finality in the decision and with that finality we move forward. As far as the 40 and 6 blocks are concerned, the information for by the court is been provided for appropriate decision at the end of the Supreme Court.
Q: How soon depending on what the court decides to do can we expect coal block auctions and what is going to be the principal driving the coal block auctions; are you going to go the 2G and the 3G way where revenue maximization became the guiding force for the government?
A: There are two issues in these – as far as the time concerned to auction, I am exploring various possibilities while there maybe some mines which maybe ready to produce, already producing, we do not know, there are various scenarios, so it is very difficult to put a time limit to it but on a broader perspective my driving force or the driving principle is that the time to mine should be the fastest. There maybe certain mines where I would rather explore the mines do the environment clearance mining plan approval and then auction it, similar to the ultra mega power projects (UMPP)model.
Q: The preference will be the explored mines should go first on the block?
A: Should go out in the market first so we can start getting production out of that also whichever are not explored or not ready to mine, I am looking at the option of doing that process so that I get better value and I am able to get production out of those mines faster. I believe in the organic way of working that the Government of India today is working seamlessly without departmental hurdles, I think we can get all those approvals much faster than a private entrepreneur can.
Having said that in terms of revenue maximization, I think different sectors will have different viewpoint, for example there are certain regulated sectors like power and fertilisers, where coal is only a pass-through, where the cost of coal will be pass-through and the end customer has to pay for it. In those sectors revenue maximization will not be the criteria but within constraint whoever gives us the best value and was the ability to mine will have to be the criteria for the non-regulated sectors. We could look at trying to maximize the revenue.
Coal India stock price
On September 10, 2014, Coal India closed at Rs 373.85, down Rs 6.85, or 1.8 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 423.50 and the 52-week low was Rs 240.50.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 20.04 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 18.66. The latest book value of the company is Rs 26.04 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 14.36.

Haryana govt halts Maruti s Rs 3 500 cr R&D hub | M&M plans alliance with SsangyongHaryana government asks Maruti to stall construction of an upcoming R&D facility in Rohtak
Chanchal Pal Chauhan & Vikas Dhoot, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 08.58AM IST
Tags:
Haryana govt
(Maruti Suzuki has been compelled…)
NEW DELHI: In a setback to the government's "Make In India" drive, Maruti Suzuki has been compelled by the Haryana government to stop all construction work on a facility at Rohtak that was to develop and test cars for India and the world, the first such unit being set up outside Japan by the local auto maker's parent, Suzuki Motor.
The Rs 3,500-crore-plus R&D project was expected to be operational by next year, but is now on hold as the state government has initiated prosecution against the company for beginning construction without obtaining an environmental clearance and has appealed a Delhi High Court verdict asking it to refrain from taking action against Maruti.
When contacted, a Maruti spokesperson told ET: "As the matter is pending with the court, it will be inappropriate for us to comment in the matter." People with knowledge of the matter said the country's largest carmaker has suspended construction of the facility.
Maruti, which has decided to set up its next production hub in Gujarat instead of Haryana, is the latest victim of a policy conundrum introduced by Jayanthi Natarajan, the environment and forest minister in the previous Congress-led government, that forces industries to seek an environmental clearance for building any structure of over 20,000 square metres.
Industry has red-flagged the issue with the Prime Minister's Office as one of the biggest policy stumbling blocks for manufacturing investments of any reasonable scale, as it has forced thousands of firms across the country to put greenfield and brownfield investments on hold.
The policy muddle, without any reference to Maruti's problem, was highlighted at an August 9 meeting held by the PMO on making it easier to do business in India. Industry leaders present at the meeting had stressed that the requirement constitutes a misinterpretation of a clause from the environmental impact assessment (EIA) rules of 2006 which were aimed at keeping a check on building and township projects in the real-estate sector. Top government law officers have earlier opined that industrial projects don't require such a nod, and the current attorney general had argued the same in defence of Maruti in the Delhi High Court, days before he took on his government role.
"This essentially means that even a medium-size unit being built over six acres of land needs a prior environmental clearance before commencing construction. This introduces an additional delay of at least 18 months for investments to fructify into production and has turned into a big deterrent for investors already saddled by tardy land acquisition processes and the range of other local and environmental clearances needed to start business," said an official at a top auto firm, requesting anonymity.
Maruti, which has very large plants at Gurgaon and Manesar, is building a vehicle testing facility at its 600-acre Rohtak campus that is the largest of its kind in India and is even larger than its parent firm Suzuki's testing track in Japan. The campus also envisages technology development centres and fuel and emission laboratories, with an integrated two-wheeler plant planned by Suzuki Motorcycle India Private Ltd.
  Though Maruti has been obtaining all the required green clearances for air and water pollution and hazardous waste, it had moved an application for environmental clearance for the construction in February 2013 after the state insisted on this requirement. This was a 'without prejudice' application, meaning that the company was seeking a nod that it wasn't convinced was required.
In March 2014, the state government decided to initiate action against Maruti under the Environment Protection Act of 1986 for commencing construction without obtaining clearance.
The state also sought a commitment from Maruti in the form of a resolution from its board that such "violations will not be repeated", grimly warning the firm that the project "file will be closed" in the absence of such an undertaking.
On May 26, incidentally on the day the Narendra Modi government was sworn in, the Delhi High Court directed the Haryana "not to initiate any criminal action" against Maruti or its board members and officials, after submissions made by Mukul Rohatgi appearing on behalf of the company.
The court had also said that Maruti should obtain a post-facto environmental clearance for the construction of the project, though it said the firm couldn't have acted with malafide intent in not applying for the clearance as there was no "authoritative judgement on the issue".
The Haryana State Environmental Impact Assessment Authority has filed an appeal against this verdict. With a decision on the appeal awaited, Maruti still doesn't have the environmental clearance and is therefore, unable to carry out any further construction or operational activity.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China equities buoyed by solid export dataLast updated: September 8, 2014 9:15 pm
Pound slips on Scottish independence jitters
By FT reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f4f8799e-3705-11e4-85be-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India fall short of England s 180 in T20: Statistical highlightsIndia fall short of England s 180 in T20: Statistical highlights
Salary stats: Electrician earns at par with ...In current job scenario an electrician earns as much as an engineer
By Namrata Singh, TNN | 8 Sep, 2014, 10.00AM IST
In country where engineering degrees are chased by many aspirant, salary statistics come as eye-opener ignoring popular conventions.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
In a country where engineering degrees are chased by many an aspirant, salary statistics thrown up by a leading staffing solutions company come as an eye-opener.
The starting income of an electrician, who is unskilled and perhaps has just cleared Class XII, is Rs 11,300 per month while a desktop engineer, who is an engineering graduate, earns only around Rs 3,500 more. What's more, the desktop engineer's salary rises by about the same margin as the electrician's over a period of time—to about Rs 19,000 in five years, and around Rs 30,000 in eight years.
So in about eight years, the electrician too would be comfortably earning over Rs 26,000 per month. Narrowing this salary gap is the severe shortage of workers like fitters, welders, electricians and plumbers on the one hand, and the growing number of engineers trying to get into the IT sector.
These are some of the startling findings in TeamLease's latest salary primer, which is a comprehensive overview of the labour market. "In the last 6-7 years that we have been studying salary patterns, the monthly incomes of electricians and other workers like plumbers and welders have only risen. On the other hand, entry-level salaries of engineers, especially IT engineers, have remained more or less the same," says Rituparna Chakraborty, co-founder & senior VP of TeamLease Services. The desktop engineer, incidentally, ranks the lowest in the tech sector.
When the IT boom started a decade ago, points out Chakraborty, there was a huge demand for engineers. The demand has remained the same—about 4 lakh—but the number of engineers trying to get into the IT sector has zoomed to over 15 lakh. "This has resulted in a mismatch," says Chakraborty, who is also president of the Indian Staffing Federation.
Sourcing of these skilled workers is becoming harder than before, agrees G R Dastoor, senior VP, industrial relations, Godrej & Boyce, which taps various sources like employee references, employment exchange and head-hunters. But head hunters are also finding it hard to locate workers with these skills.
"Of the 10 electricians required in the industry, we are finding it difficult to get even two. A large infrastructure company recently told us that if we could bring them one lakh welders, fitters, plumbers and electricians, the company would be happy to employ them. That's the kind of demand for these workers," says Chakraborty.
Now, with the infrastructure sector on the verge of a potential boom, the demand for electricians, plumbers, fitters and welders has grown exponentially. Tata Steel, for instance, is presently setting up a 6 million ton greenfield integrated steel project at Kalinganangar, Odisha. "These skills (electricians, welders, fitters and the like) are needed in large numbers during the construction of the steel plant—some for a short duration," says an official spokesperson of the company.
There are socio-cultural barriers that prevent youth in urban and semi- urban areas from acquiring vocational skills. Dastoor says the industry needs to work with communities along with the government and the NGOs to create a buzz around acquiring these skills and according them greater prestige and importance.
Godrej has embarked on an employability initiative called Disha, under which it partners with various NGOs and training institutes across the country to help train and enhance the skills of people in various trades. Tata Projects, on the other hand, provides vocational and entrepreneurship training to the youth. It found a dire need in the market for those with basic skills like welding, electrical fitting, fabrication, construction, painting and so on.
A tie-up with international institutions like UK Welding Institute and International Paint institute was forged to ensure training courses for various tradesmen. "These are paid courses wherein corporates get their manpower trained," says Naresh Sharma, head, marketing communications, Tata Projects.
For Hindustan Construction Company (HCC), which specializes in executing complex projects in sectors such as hydel power, nuclear plants, bridges and tunnels, the requirements for labour force are significantly different. "We did not see a major gap between demand and supply because of the overall economic slowdown, specifically the negligible number of new infrastructure projects announced in the last few years.
However, given the recent uptick in the economy, we can expect the demand for labour (skilled and unskilled) to increase," says Aditya Jain, group EVP-HR, HCC.
Moorthy K Uppaluri, CEO, Randstad India, says the rise in education levels across all strata of society has led to higher aspirations. "Typically, talent for these professions is mostly experience-based as there's no ready talent from colleges. The candidates that graduate from vocational training institutes prefer to work in companies like auto-manufacturing or go abroad to the Gulf countries," says Uppaluri. He adds that high demand and growing inflation have resulted in the salaries of workers going up by an annual average of 15-20%.

Sensex surges 198 points; investors await key macroeconomic dataSensex surges 293 points on FII inflows; oil & gas, FMCG stocks steal the show
Our Bureau/Agencies
Investors await key macroeconomic data to be released this week
Mumbai, Sept 8:  
The Sensex and the Nifty surged nearly 1.08 per cent at the closing session on Monday on heavy capital inflows anticipating improvement in key macroeconomic indicators - inflation, forex reserves and industrial production to be announced this week.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex surged 293.15 points to end at 27,319.85 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty gained 87.05 points to close at 8,173.90.
Rajesh Agarwal, Head-Research, Eastern Financiers, said in a report: "The markets will take cues from important macroeconomic data that would be announced during the week such as inflation, forex reserves and industrial production growth. As revealed by last week’s FII robust net investment data, the markets are seeing bullish undercurrent and we do not expect to see any substantial correction during the week. Overall, we expect markets to continue their general up-move with intermittent profit-booking."
Barring consumer durables, all other BSE sectoral indices ended in the green. Among them, oil & gas index gained the most by 1.79 per cent, followed by FMCG 1.4 per cent, capital goods 1.29 per cent and metal 1.25 per cent. Only consumer durables index was down 0.22 per cent.
Hindalco, ONGC, SBIN, Wipro and HUL were the major Sensex gainers, while NTPC, M&M, Tata Power and BHEL were the only losers among 30-share Sensex constituents.
European stocks fell as investors weighed equity valuations after the Stoxx Europe 600 Index completed its fourth weekly rally, while UK banks retreated on concerns that Scotland will vote for independence.
The Stoxx 600 retreated 0.7 per cent to 345.23 at 10.01 a.m. in London.
Most Asian stocks rose as investors weighed data showing Chinese exports rose more than analysts projected last month, while imports unexpectedly fell.
The MSCI Asia Pacific Index was up 0.1 per cent at 148.54 as of 2.10 p.m. in Hong Kong.
A plunge in sterling after a poll showed rising support for Scottish independence helped bolster the dollar.
Sterling plummeted 0.8 per cent to $1.6207 after sliding as low as $1.6165 in early trade, the lowest since last November and the biggest daily drop in eight months, after a poll showed the "yes" to Scottish independence campaign on 51 percent against 49 percent for the "no" camp.
Data on Friday showed US non-farm payrolls grew by only 142,000 last month, far below the 225,000 forecast by analysts in a Reuters poll.
The downbeat jobs report suggested the Federal Reserve will hold off on hiking interest rates anytime soon, and helped the S&P 500 hit a fresh closing high.
Data released before Tokyo opened showed Japan's economy shrank an annualised 7.1 per cent in April-June from the previous quarter, revised down from a preliminary 6.8 per cent contraction due to weaker-than-expected capital spending.
Later in the day, investors await Chinese trade data for August, and will be scanning the report for any signs of weakness after a spate of recent data raised concerns about the impact of a cooling property sector.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Moderate your expectation from equitiesMahesh Nayak      Follow @MaheshNayak    Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 15:28 IST
Photo: Reuters
Mahesh Nayak
S. Naren*, Chief Investment Officer at ICICI Prudential AMC, has turned defensive and so when the BSE Sensex touched its all-time high crossing 27,200 levels last week, I called him to understand what next for the Indian equity market. To my surprise, he told me fixed income is the most attractive asset class. That was surprising coming from an avid lover of equities.
His reasoning was apt as his intention was clear that investors need to moderate their expectation of returns from the market. He felt the returns from here on would be moderate and in such circumstances regarding safety at the current levels, fixed income has a lower risk and decent return.
The Sensex has surged continuously and now it's in a zone which has not been explored till date so it would be an assumption that the market should correct on regular intervals or at least consolidate after regular intervals to continue its upward journey. More than the Narendra Modi impact, the market is rising on liquidity. Sentiment is positive and it could make the market run ahead of fundamentals. Until interest rates remain low in developed economies, FII money will continue to find its way into markets like India.
On September 4, the European Central Bank (ECB) cut rates to record lows and announced plans to combat low inflation in the region. The US Federal Reserve too is unlikely to raise rates in the near term.
Till the momentum continues, the market would remain firm. Even if there is a correction it will not be sharp. But that should not make investors complacent. With equities under-owned and other asset classes like gold underperforming, there is a high possibility that investors may rush into equities. Getting carried away is easy in today's market but investors should enter the market with guarded optimism as the rate of growth in stocks has come down.
Liquidity can push the markets upwards but for it to sustain India Inc will require to deliver impressive performance quarter after quarter. Meanwhile, in the current week the market will keep a close eye on the Supreme Court's verdict on September 9 in the coal allocation case. On Friday, September 12, the government will unveil July industrial production data and August consumer price index (CPI).
(*An earlier version of this story had incorrectly spelt Mr Naren's name. It has now been corrected.)

Xiaomi Redmi 1s quick-read review: Patience paysDespite the slow-charging battery, app crashes and the design flaws, the Xiaomi Redmi 1s is still the best phone you can buy at Rs. 5,999.
Written by Mihir Patkar | Posted: September 8, 2014 10:40 am | Updated: September 8, 2014 10:58 am
Phones should be judged by their price. At its low price of Rs. 5,999, the Xiaomi Redmi 1s has a spec sheet that blows its competitors away. As expected, this is the best budget phone you can buy. But it’s not without some flaws.
Specs: 4.7-inch IPS HD touchscreen (1280×720 pixels, 312ppi) with Dragontrail Scratch-resistant Glass | 1.6GHz quad core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor | 1GB RAM | 8GB internal memory, microSD card up to 32GB | 3G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4, GPS | Dual-SIM (GSM+GSM) | 8MP rear camera with LED flash and 1080p FullHD video recording | 1.6MP front camera with 720p HD video recording | 2000mAh battery | Android 4.3 Jelly Bean with MIUI v5
Price: Rs. 5,999
Design: Yeah, it’s a budget smartphone, but it’s sad that the Redmi 1s looks and feels like a budget smartphone. It’s heavy, it has big bezels that are a put-off, the screen is prone to fingerprint smudges, and the overall build quality feels cheap. But perhaps the biggest problem is the capacitive buttons under the screen. The red colour is a turn-off and looks childish. More importantly, they aren’t backlit, which means they are impossible to spot and use in a dark room. The Redmi 1s will get the job done, but it won’t look good doing it.
Screen: The 4.7-inch HD screen is, without a doubt, the best you get at this price. Plus, it has Dragontrail protection to keep away scratches on the glass. Sunlight legibility isn’t the best we have seen, but in this price range, it’s good enough.
Performance: The Redmi 1s is a satisfying experience, but not an excellent one. You’ll be able to play most games, but not at their highest graphics settings. You’ll be able to multi-task between apps, but once in a while, they do crash. None of it is a deal-breaker when you consider the price. But it is a little frustrating at times.
Camera: For the first time, you get a budget phone with a camera that won’t make you cringe. Yes, you can safely use it in most situations and even low-lit environments. For comparison, the photos are as good as what you would get on the Samsung Galaxy Nexus or the iPhone 4.
Memory: Unlike other sub-10k phones, there are no compromises with the 8GB internal memory of the Redmi 1s. App installations aren’t a problem, and the microSD card can take care of all your extra space requirements.
Interface: Xiaomi’s custom Android interface, called MIUI, customizes the operating system so it doesn’t really look like Android. Nonetheless, it’s easy to use and works well. Considering that this low-cost phone might be ideal for those new to Android, Xiaomi has also made a “Lite Mode” for the MIUI. Essentially, this simplifies Android by turning oft-used apps into large tiles, adding a “Quick Contacts” pane, and increasing the font. It’s the kind of stuff that would make Android easy for parents and others new to smartphones.
Battery: The 2000mAh battery of the Redmi 1s lasts for about 14 hours of usage on a single charge, which is not bad, but not excellent. It’ll go for a little over 5 hours of pure video playback. It’s good enough. What’s annoying is the time it takes to charge. From 5% to 100% took over 2.5 hours, which is far too long.
Special Mention: Xiaomi’s flash sale model means that the Redmi 1s has the same problem as the Xiaomi Mi3. It’s the best phone you can buy at this price, but actually buying it from Flipkart—the only retailer—requires a combination of patience and luck. It shouldn’t be this hard to buy a phone.
Verdict :Despite the slow-charging battery, app crashes and the design flaws, the Xiaomi Redmi 1s is still the best phone you can buy at this price. Those problems are not deal-breakers, and importantly, Redmi 1s gets it right in the things that matter: screen quality, overall battery life, and camera.
The only issue with the phone is that purchase model, which is frustrating, annoying, and perhaps even insulting. Frankly, it’s ridiculous that buying a phone with your own hard-earned money is this difficult. If you’re fine with jumping through Xiaomi’s hoops, then the Redmi 1s is the phone to get.

Mkt @ new peak: Sensex gains over 200 points; top 10 stocks in focusYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex, Nifty hit record high; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 8, 2014, 10.02AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The Nifty was at 8,141.50…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rose as much as 222 points to hit a fresh record high of 27248.79 in trade on Monday, while Nifty rallied 60 points to hit its fresh life high of 8146.55.
At 10:00 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,231, up 204 points or 0.76 per cent. It touched a fresh record high of 27,248.79 and a low of 27,144.56 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8,141.50 up 54 points or 0.67 per cent. It touched an intraday record high of 8,146.55 and a low of 8126.15.
"Nifty closed on a negative note on Friday but I won't call that a selloff. We are seeing some corrections at higher levels and stock-specific moves," said Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth.
"You have got stocks which are outperforming and are making new highs at the same time. So in that sense the view still remains bullish," he added.
Wagle is of the view that 8,000 on Nifty will act as a very strong support and once we are above 8150 levels, the index may see 8250 levels.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
Tata Power Ltd: Tata Power Delhi Distribution has paid a dividend of about Rs 125 crore to its shareholders, the Delhi Government and Tata Power.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.06 per cent lower at Rs 88.20.
Cipla Ltd: Pharma major Cipla today said it will acquire two manufacturing units from its contract manufacturer Okasa for Rs 100.93 crore.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent higher at Rs 562.
Reliance Industries Ltd: The venture capital arm of Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) has tied up with Microsoft to launch a start-up accelerator, which kicks off its first batch next month.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.63 per cent higher at Rs 1031.95.
Sesa Sterlite Ltd: Sesa Sterlite said its Board has approved an enabling resolution for raising its borrowing limit by over 33 per cent to Rs 80,000 crore.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.87 per cent higher at Rs 283.50.
Bharti Airtel Ltd: Bharti Airtel is expected to reach an agreement on the sale of its telecom towers in Nigeria for more than $1 billion within the next three weeks. American Tower Company (ATC) is believed to be leading the race to buy the 4,000 towers, followed by IHS Towers, said a person aware of the status of talks.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.7 per cent higher at Rs 403.35.
DRL, Sun Pharma: Indian generic drug makers are exploring all options to get a foot in the door to Japan's lucrative but difficult-to-crack $111-billion drug industry.
At 10:00 a.m.; DRL was trading 0.9 per cent higher at Rs 3004, Sun Pharma was up 0.7 per cent to Rs 863.75.
Maruti Suzuki Ltd: In a setback to the government's "Make In India" drive, Maruti Suzuki has been compelled by the Haryana government to stop all construction work on a facility at Rohtak that was to develop and test cars for India and the world, the first such unit being set up outside Japan by the local auto maker's parent, Suzuki Motor.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.5 per cent lower at Rs 2868.
  M&M Ltd: Mahindra & Mahindra is looking to strengthen its global presence even as its sales have been shrinking in the local market, and industry experts say alliances with global auto majors could play a key role. At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.12 per cent lower at Rs 1406.50.
ONGC: Reversing the plans of the previous management, the new brass at the oil and gas producer ONGC has ruled out taking any of its five JVs, especially its power venture in Tripura and petchem venture OPAL, and also its sole subsidiary ONGC Videsh, public or exiting them.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2 per cent higher at Rs 452.80.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Iran s Khamenei undergoes prostate surgeryUpdated: September 8, 2014 10:37 IST
Iran's Khamenei undergoes prostate surgery
AP
Iran
Iran’s official news agency on Monday said the country’s supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has undergone prostate surgery in a Tehran hospital.
The report by IRNA said the surgery took place on Monday morning at a government hospital in Tehran.
Meanwhile, Iranian state TV said Mr. Khamenei told the station before the surgery that there was “no room for concern” and that it was a routine operation.

6 new features expected in Apple iPhone 6You are here: Home  » Apple iPhone 6
Apple iPhone 6
Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are here! The latest iterations of Apple’s flagship smartphone come with the iOS 8, bigger displays, faster processors and a whole host of new features. Track ET for a round-up on the latest on Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus…

No evidence of al-Qaedas presence in India: US expertNo evidence of al-Qaeda’s presence in India: US expert
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Sept 8:  
Amid a country-wide alert in India over an al-Qaeda threat, a top US counter-terrorism expert has said there is no evidence of the terror outfit’s presence in the country.
“The idea that Ayman al-Zawahiri is going to open a branch of al-Qaeda in India is just crazy. Yes, there are some jihadi elements in India, but there’s no evidence that al-Qaeda has a presence in the country,” Peter Bergen, known for his insight into operations of al-Qaeda in South Asia, told CNN’s Fareed Zakaria in an interview yesterday.
Bergen, who has authored several books on counter-terrorism, was responding to questions about the last week’s announcement by Zawahiri about creating a separate wing of al-Qaeda in the Indian subcontinent.
“It’s an attempt by Zawahiri to have people like us discuss him, because he’s been out of the limelight for so long, it’s all been about ISIS in Iraq and Syria and al-Qaeda is very conscious that they’re yesterday’s story,” he said.
“And if you look at the tape that they showed of Zawahiri, it’s so boring. It’s him talking in a monologue that goes on for more than half-an-hour.
“And then you look at what ISIS is doing on video...ISIS is a much more appealing media strategy, apart from the fact that also they are being much more successful than al-Qaeda has ever been in its history in terms of getting territory, money, fighters and actually establishing a large foothold in the Middle East,” he said.
Appearing on the same programme, Husain Haqqani, former Pak Ambassador to US, said, “I think that Zawahiri’s attempt to talk about India is essentially to try and get the hard line elements among Pakistani jihadis and even within the Pakistani intelligence service to think about al-Qaeda as a potential ally. That’s his play.”
“I don’t think he will get much traction. But basically what he’s trying to do is to appeal to the anti-Indian sentiment that is present in Pakistan on any given day and hoping to get recruits for his cause,” he said.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Goldman Sachs raises Nifty target to 9 000 for SeptGoldman Sachs raises Nifty target to 9,000 for September 2015
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 14:38 IST
Nifty touched a fresh all-time high of 8,145.15 (Photo: Reuters)
Goldman Sachs raised the target for the National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty index to 9,000 points for September 2015. Its previous target was 8,600 points for June 2015.
The financial services major says earnings sentiment remains positive for the overall market .
The 50-share barometer, which touched a fresh all-time high of 8,145.15 on Monday, is the best performing equity index in Asian markets, up 32.6 per cent in US dollar terms for 2014 so far.

What is Earnings Per Share or EPSSep 08, 2014, 11.01 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
What is Earnings Per Share or EPS?
Earnings per share is the total profit made by a company divided amongst its shareholders depending on their ownership in that company
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
What is Earnings Per Share or EPS?
Earnings per share is the total profit made by a company divided amongst its shareholders depending on their ownership in that company
Post your opinion here
 
Earnings per share is the total profit made by a company divided among its shareholders depending on their ownership in that company. It serves as an indicator of a company's profitability over the years. EPS tells you how much net income the business earned for every stock you own.
Depending on the type of outstanding equity shares used for calculation, EPS can be called as Basic EPS or Diluted EPS. Basic EPS is calculated by using the number of shares issued and held by the investors. Diluted EPS takes into account the total number of shares that would have been issued if all the stock options, warrants, convertible debentures, and other potential sources of dilution in equity that are currently exercisable were invoked.
TTM EPS or Trailing Twelve Month EPS takes into account the EPS figures reported by the company in past twelve months.
How to interpret EPS
EPS is one of the most commonly used financial parameters to evaluate a stock. EPS is a base for calculating the Price Earning or commonly known as the PE ratio of a share. A consistent growth in turnover and profits will lead to higher EPS growth. Higher or lower PE ratio should always be compared with its peers having parallel business activity and of similar size to evaluate whether a stock is undervalued or overvalued.
Formula
Basic EPS  =       (Net Profit  - Preferential Dividend)/Total equity shares
Diluted EPS  =    (Net Profit  - Preferential Dividend)/Total equity shares including warrants, stock options, convertible debentures
Example
Net profit: Rs 200 crore
Total Equity shares: 50 crore
Basic EPS: 4 (200/50)
Net profit: Rs 200 crore
Equity shares: Rs 70 crore
Warrants: Rs 5 crore
Stock options: Rs 10 crore
Convertible Debentures: Rs 15 crore
Total equity shares including warrants, stock options, convertible debentures: Rs 100 crore
Diluted EPS: 2 (200/100)

Goldman: Nifty may hit 9k |  India set for multi-year bull runGoldman: Nifty may hit 9k |  India set for multi-year bull run
Sensex up over 180 points; ONGC up 2.6%Hi Guest
Sensex, Nifty at record closing high on broad based buying
Markets staged a smart recovery in today's session, to ease past the losses over the last two trading days, on way to set a new record high for both the Sensex and Nifty. The gains were on account of broad based buying and crude dropping below $100 a barrel.  The sentiment was bettered after Goldman Sachs raised its Nifty target to 9,000 points for September 2015. Its previous target was 8,600 points for June 2015. Also, provisional data from the exchanges showed that foreign funds were net ...

Dollar-rupee futures fall 20 paise to trade at 60.48Dollar-rupee futures fall 20 paise to trade at 60.48
2G case: SC says charges against CBI chief  serious   asks him to file counter-affidavit2G case: SC says charges against CBI chief  serious   asks him to file counter-affidavit
Power output up 22% in 100 days; committed to 24x7 supply: GoyalPower output up 22% in 100 days; committed to 24x7 supply: Goyal
Jammu and Kashmir Floods: Death and Destruction in Pictures [PHOTOS]Jammu and Kashmir Floods: Death and Destruction in Pictures [PHOTOS]
Board of CCL International accepts resignation of directorBoard of CCL International accepts resignation of director
Sensex  Nifty scale record highSensex  Nifty scale record high
Inequality rises in US despite recoverySeptember 4, 2014 7:47 pm
Inequality rises in US despite recovery
By Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/225b4178-3459-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Weekly wrap: Sensex gains 1.5%  broader markets rule the roostSep 05, 2014, 06.29 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Weekly wrap: Sensex gains 1.5%, broader markets rule the roost
BSE small-cap and mid-cap indices spiked between 3.4-3.5 percent, significantly outperforming the benchmarks' 1.5-1.7 percent bump
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Weekly wrap: Sensex gains 1.5%, broader markets rule the roost
BSE small-cap and mid-cap indices spiked between 3.4-3.5 percent, significantly outperforming the benchmarks' 1.5-1.7 percent bump
Post your opinion here
18:29
Better-than-expected macroeconomic numbers and global cues proved a good concoction for the markets this week.
Q1 GDP numbers released late Friday last week boosted benchmark stock indices to historically high levels on Monday. A European style stimulus is also on the cards, declared ECB President Mario Draghi on Thursday. The move can prove beneficial to emerging markets such as India, point out analysts.  
Both Sensex and Nifty surged between 1.5 percent and 1.7percent, rising in 3 out of 5 trading sessions this week. Broader markets witnessed major action this week; BSE small-cap and mid-cap indices spiked 3.4-3.5 percent, significantly outperforming the benchmarks' 1.5-1.7 percent bump. From the mid-cap space, Gammon India, Shalimar Paints, HFCL swelled 31-32 percent; Suven Life, MTNL , UPL and  Apollo Tyres shot up between 17 percent and 27 percent.  
Among blue-chips, NMDC, Bharti Airtel and Cipla were gained 8.4-9.6 percent; Hero MotoCorp , L&T, UltraTech ,Tech Mahindra, Grasim and Axis Bank surged between 4 percent and 6 percent. 
According to Vibhav Kapoor, Group Chief Investment Officer, IL&FS, Nifty could touch 9000 by March. Kapoor said global equities appear comfortable and a potential hike in interest rates by US Federal Reserve would not affect liquidity flows to emerging market. 
The week hummed with a 'NaMo' chant after Prime Minister Narendra Modi on his visit to Japan managed to secure a commitment from Japan to invest USD 35 billion in private and public investments in India over the next five years.
The week also saw the deferral of SC judgment on the fate of coal blocks allocation to September 9. Last week, SC had held the allocation of coal blocks since 1993 was illegal. The move caused jitters in the power & mining stocks. 
Macroeconomic booster
The economy expanded at its fastest pace in two years at 5.7 percent in the April-June period, up from previous quarter's 4.6 percent growth and 4.7 percent a year earlier.
But experts are convinced that the first quarter's euphoria may not be repeated in later quarters.
"The jump in June growth partly reflects deferral of public expenditure to the June quarter from March to show a lower-than-targeted 4.6percent FY14 fiscal deficit. As a result, social services jumped 9.1percent in the June quarter from 3.3percent in March. Had social services grown at, say, 6percent in the two quarters, growth would have worked out to a more comparable 5.3percent for June and 4.9percent for March," said BoFA BofA Merrill Lynch report.
Also, current account deficit (CAD) for the first quarter of FY15 contracted to 1.7 percent of GDP at $7.8bn down sharply from 4.8percent or $21.8bn in the same quarter last year.
Euro Trip: Second innings of loose liquidity?
A European style quantitative easing is also on the cards, declared ECB President Mario Draghi. ECB also its benchmark interest rates by 10bps to 0.05 percent.
The ECB announced a program to buy 'simple and transparent asset-backed securities and covered bonds starting in October.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Nick Parsons, Head of Research, UK & Europe at National Australia Bank said he expects emerging markets to be the unintended beneficiaries of the ECB rate cut.
"I think its supportive for credit market, it is supportive for assets more generally and although its giving quite a big boost to the US dollar, we can see that through the performance of the dollar index spot (DXY), the EM is able to be resilient in the face of US dollar and it is helpful for risk assets more generally. How long that period of this being supportive, remains to be seen because at some point we will be looking forward to the FOMC’s next meeting on September 17, but for the moment it is supportive and would be beneficiary of it," said Parsons.
Autos Vroom
A growth in auto sales numbers, a proxy for consumer demand, also bolstered the prospects for automobile companies ahead of the festive season.
Nine of the country’s top automobile manufacturers collectively sold 200,174 units in August as compared to 169,809 units sold in the same month last year.
Ajay shethiyas of Centrum Broking says, "Passenger vehicle industry seen positive growth after 17 mths of decline. Festive period stocking has taken place early. Dealers suggesting major pick up ahead of Shraadh period this year. Shraadh period from 9th Sep– 23rd Sep this year , thus pre- buying seen before shraadh. Dealers indicate signs of recovery visible in MHCV space. Discounts in MHCV space has stabilized. A Strong recovery expected in CV cycle in  H2FY15."
Maruti sold 1,10,776 units in the passenger vehicles segment, up 26.9 percent compared to 87,323 units in the same month last year. This was largely on account of robust sales in the domestically, which increased 29.3 percent to 98,304 units while exports were up a more modest 10.5 percent to 12,472. The stock surged 3.6percent this week.
Telecom super regulator
The buzz about TRAI getting replaced by a super regulator generated good returns for telecom stocks this week. Bharti Airtel surged 8.5 percent and fared among the top Nifty gainers this week. The proposed regulator will be called 'Communications Commission', and might replace Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI), sources told CNBC-TV18.
The new body will retain the functions and the powers of TRAI but will additional say in affairs of some other regulators such as the Censor Board, clearances given by Competition Commission of India (CCI), Department of Telecommunications (DoT) and the Environment Ministry.
Movers & Shakers
 The week put the the erstwile king of good times -Vijay Mallaya- was back in focus. He along with three other associates of UB group were decalared 'wilful defaulters' by United Bank of India (UBI).
 The move followed after Mallya and his associates didn't turn up for a meeting at the grievance redressal cell of the United bank of India. Mallya's grounded Kingfisher Airlines owes about Rs 350 crore to the bank.
 The law requires that all access to further bank funding be cut to willful defaulters and also the companies where they serve as directors.
 Also, USL stock (down 4.8percent) got hammered to the dumps later in the week after the company reported a net loss of Rs Rs 5380 crore for the March quarter, due to write-offs and provisions. USL holdings stock slumped 14percent this week. 
Brokerages CLSA and CIMB downgraded the stock following the pogrom.
"While we believe taking all these provisions in one swoop is prudent and a right step towards cleaning up its balance sheet, we cannot completely rule out further provisions as investigations are still ongoing. We cut our FY15-FY16 EPS forecasts by 24-27 percent to reflect slower operational improvement and higher outstanding debt post W&M sale. We roll over to September 2015 target price of Rs2,230. Risk-reward is not attractive enough as current valuations already factor in a strong recovery," said CIMB in a note
16:42

Morgan Stanley Asia buys 6.47 lakh shares of SKS MicroSep 06, 2014, 01.31 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Morgan Stanley Asia buys 6.47 lakh shares of SKS Micro
Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Pte bought 6,47,275 shares of SKS Microfinance at Rs 325.03.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Morgan Stanley Asia buys 6.47 lakh shares of SKS Micro
Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Pte bought 6,47,275 shares of SKS Microfinance at Rs 325.03.
Post your opinion here
 
On September 05, 2014 Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Pte bought 6,47,275 shares of  SKS Microfinance at Rs 325.03 on the NSE.
In the previous trading session, the share closed at Rs 324.30, down Rs 2.50, or 0.76 percent. It has touched a 52-week high of Rs 330.10.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 9.07 per share. (Jun, 2014). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 35.76. The latest book value of the company is Rs 37.95 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 8.55.
 

Malabar India buys 10.70 lakh shares of Orient RefractoriesSep 06, 2014, 01.31 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Malabar India buys 10.70 lakh shares of Orient Refractories
On September 05, 2014 M/S Malabar India Fund Limited bought 10,70,000 shares of Orient Refractories at Rs 92.99.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Malabar India buys 10.70 lakh shares of Orient Refractories
On September 05, 2014 M/S Malabar India Fund Limited bought 10,70,000 shares of Orient Refractories at Rs 92.99.
Post your opinion here
 
On September 05, 2014 Shri Gopal Rajgarhia sold 11,00,000 shares of  Orient Refractories at Rs 93 on the NSE.
However, M/S Malabar India Fund Limited bought 10,70,000 shares at Rs 92.99.
In the previous trading session, the share closed at Rs 96.40, up Rs 8.45, or 9.61 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 101.75 and 52-week low Rs 25.50 on 25 July, 2014 and 05 September, 2013, respectively.
 

140 Jet Airways pilots under DGCA s suspension radarDGCA threatens to suspend licenses of nearly 140 Jet pilots
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 6, 2014  | 15:27 IST
Indian Aviation regulator DGCA has cracked down on nearly 140 Jet Airways pilots for continuing to fly without clearing mandatory biannual exams and issued show cause notices to the airline questioning its pilot training programme.
The notices were issued to the pilots, as also Jet's chief operating officer and training chief, on the basis of an audit of its training programme by a three-member DGCA team.
The DGCA, through the show cause notices, asked these pilots why their licenses should not be suspended as they were flying without clearing their Pilot Proficiency Check (PPC) tests, which have to be carried out every six months.
The audit was ordered after one of the airline's planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over the Turkish airspace on the Brussels-Mumbai route early last month.
When contacted, a Jet Airways spokesperson said the airline "has not seen the report from the DGCA nor has the airline been advised on when it will be received. We therefore cannot comment on the so called findings in the report or the speculation in the media."
"However we are confident that our training meets all DGCA and international standards and that we will be able to resolve any discrepancies or address any observations, however minor, once we have the report and can discuss the findings with the DGCA," the spokesperson said.
Maintaining that safety of passengers and crew "remains our paramount priority", she said, "We will work closely with the DGCA to swiftly resolve any issues that may be highlighted by the authorities."
Airline officials said they would be seeking a meeting with the DGCA soon.
While Jet was asked to ground three pilots "whose training was found to be deficient", the DGCA also proposed action against some of the airline's trainers who "imparted deficient simulator training to pilots", DGCA officials said.
After the August eight incident involving the Jet flight over Turkey, the regulator conducted the audit from August 20 -22, claiming to have found discrepancies of "serious nature".
Jet employs obout 600 pilots.
As per the findings of the audit report, as many as 131 pilots were found to be flying after expiry of validity of certificates of their proficiency check, a test that is required to be taken every six months.
These tests examine the overall knowledge level and proficiency of a pilot, the officials said.
Commenting on the matter, a senior pilot, who refused to be named, said the DGCA has been changing rules in this regard "very often" and it takes time for an airline to meet the detailed guidelines and standards required by the rules.
The DGCA rules allow extension of time for Pilot Proficiency Checks (PPCs) by a month, he said, adding that the PPCs include checks on simulator training, on-flight route checks and completion of various courses including aviation security (AVSEC) and Dangerous Goods Course for pilots.
"If a pilot clears all flying exams but his AVSEC test gets delayed, he is still proficient enought to fly. The AVSEC test is meant for getting our airport security passes and has nothing to do with actual flying," the pilot argued.
Jet officials also said the airline was setting up its own flight simulators in Bangalore and was awaiting certification by the DGCA. Till then, the airline was sending its pilots for simulator training to Hong Kong, Jakarta, Dubai and even in Gurgaon, they said.
As per the DGCA audit, the private carrier's training and operations chiefs have been charged with "lack of supervision of flight crew training, no review of deficiencies recorded in training assessment forms and permitting release of flight crew for flying duties without corrective training."

Petroleum network to be expanded in Odisha: oil ministerWhy Apple May Have Missed an Opportunity With its New Watch
Bhubaneswar: Announcing expansion plans worth Rs 4,500 crore for Odisha, Union Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan has said the petrol, diesel and LPG network would be expanded to benefit all the consumers in the state.
After reviewing the work of Indian Oil Corporation, Hindusthan Petroleum Corporation and Bharat Petroleum and their marketing network in Odiaha, Mr Pradhan said the state has an LPG consumer base of 28 per cent of population and it would be raised to 33 per cent this year and 50 per cent household in three years.
At present, the national average of LPG consumer base is 60 per cent. The endeavour of his ministry would be to bring Odisha at par with national average, he said.
He also said three new product pipelines would be constructed - Paradip-Ranchi, Paradip-Durgapur and Paradip-Raipur. The new pipelines will go through several areas of the state, which will carry petroleum products to the most parts of the state.
Now the coastal centric distribution network of LPG, petrol and diesel will be widened and expanded to the nooks and corners of the state to achieve the national average, the Union Minister said, adding that the existing LPG distribution centre network of 404 would be raised to 750 in next three years.
Mr Pradhan said new depots, product pipelines, LPG terminals and imported LPG terminals in Odisha would entail an investment of over Rs 4,500 crore.
The Berhampur terminal would be modernised and a new depot would come up in Bhubaneswar. In addition to that, more depots will be opened in South and Western Odisha. Balasore depot will be modernised under new expansion plan, he said.
The minister said that under the new expansion plan, LPG distribution centres will be established within a radius of 15 km in all gram panchayats of the state.
He also said the expansion plan would create direct jobs to about 5,000 persons. Now, over 10,000 people are employed in various petroleum projects of central oil companies in Odisha.
Reviewing petrol pump network in the state, the Union Minister said the state had 1449 petrol pumps working at present. Within next three years 300 more petrol pumps will be added to the network.
Story first published on: September 06, 2014 19:49 (IST)

Is it fair for BJP to discount wisdom of veteransIs it fair for BJP to discount the wisdom and experience of party veterans like MM Joshi, LK Advani?
BHAVNA VIJ AURORA, ET Bureau Sep 7, 2014, 06.15AM IST
Tags:
BJP
( In one unwavering stroke, BJP’s new…)
It was done with ruthless and surgical precision. In one unwavering stroke, BJP's new party president Amit Shah severed off the founders of the party — LK Advani, Murli Manohar Joshi and Atal Bihari Vajpayee — from its parliamentary board, the decision-making forum. They were a part of the body since 1980 but their authority got slowly but surely whittled down over the past few years. Now, assigned the roles of mentors, they have been made founding fathers of BJP's 'margdarshak mandal' (guiding committee).
For once, the Congress managed to come up with stinging criticism, saying that the term margdarshak was a misnomer and that it should actually be called a "mookdarshak mandal" (a committee of mute spectators). Congress spokesperson Rashid Alvi said that the BJP had pushed the three veterans into an "old-age home from where Advani and Joshi will witness the functioning of the BJP like mutes. It is evident that they have been sidelined."
It is not just the Congress leaders who think that the BJP veterans' wings had been clipped. The BJP leaders themselves admit that it was a severe "pink slip" for the three. Vajpayee, unwell for the past many years, had not played an active role in party affairs. "However, it was out of respect for him that the party had kept him in the parliamentary board. Now, even the last vestige of his presence is gone," rued a senior BJP leader, not wanting to be identified.
Weeding Out Exercise
The party clearly was following orders from the prime minister, Narendra Modi — there is no place for those over the age of 75 years in the party or the government. The party's ideological parent RSS also approved of the decision "to make way for the younger generation". Social scientist Shiv Visvanathan is scathing in his disagreement. "It is an idiotic ruling [that leaders over 75 years should retire]. The elderly are much healthier. You go to parks and you see the exuberance in them," he told ET Magazine. According to him, "the BJP made instrumental use of the so-called rule to eliminate people they didn't want".
Visvanathan said that there was a lot that the elderly could contribute to society. He gave examples of jurist, scholar and politician CP Ramaswami and scientist Subrahmanyam Chandrashekhar who had done great work in their 80s. He added that what the BJP tried to do was break seniority. "Let's not confuse seniority and old age. When people are made to feel useless, they start withering away."
The outspoken social scientist said that "Advani is more healthy than a young leader like Arun Jaitley any day". Jaitley underwent a bariatric surgery earlier this week to manage his diabetes. He had also undergone a bypass surgery in 2005. Visvanathan said that Advani may be out of power but he could still work. "Work and power should be differentiated. Advani is currently both unemployed and powerless. He still has a lot to contribute."
All of Advani's attempts at finding gainful employment through the BJP and the government that his party heads with a stupendous majority had failed. His diminishment was complete. He was denied the post of Lok Sabha Speaker. He then faced the ignominy of having his nameplate removed from outside his room in parliament, though it was later restored. If BJP sources are to be believed, he sent feelers to Modi that he be appointed chairperson of the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR), an organization headed by Congressman Karan Singh since long. Modi did not oblige.
It was the same for Joshi. First, he was forced to vacate his Varanasi seat for Modi, and then he was left without anything substantial. "It is a pity. There is an extreme dearth of talent in the government. They don't have a person good enough to be appointed a full-time defence minister. But they will not use these leaders to take charge," said a BJP leader who did not want to be named. He added that people like Advani and Joshi were so senior that they could not even be sent as governors like many other senior leaders like Ram Naik, Kesri Nath Tripathi and OP Kohli. "Probably the post of an ambassador to a prominent country would be in keeping with their stature but Modi is not likely to oblige because of the importance he is giving to diplomacy," rationalized the BJP leader.
  The Counterview
Another respected sociologist Dipankar Gupta counters that mentoring is the best thing that the older leaders can do. "I say the cut-off date should be at 70 — not 75. The elderly after 70 should give up active participation in any field they are in. They should take on the role of advisers," he suggested.

View: Sathasivam did nothing wrong by becoming governorSathasivam did nothing wrong by becoming governor
By TNN | 7 Sep, 2014, 11.21AM IST
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
By: Markandey Katju
NEW DELHI: Many articles and statements have appeared in several newspapers and journals criticizing Justice Sathasivam, former Chief Justice of India, for having accepted the post of governor of Kerala. I respectfully differ from them, and would like to present my own view that there is nothing wrong in what Justice Sathasivam did.
The first criticism is that Justice Sathasivam had decided a case quashing the second charge sheet against Mr Amit Shah regarding the Sohrabuddin encounter incident, and that it was a sort of quid pro quo given by the BJP government to Justice Sathasivam by appointing him governor.
In this connection I have to say the following :
1. Those who made this allegation probably have not even read the entire judgment in the case. They should see it online, Amit Shah vs. CBI, decided on 8.4.2013 by the bench of Justice Sathasivam and Justice BS Chauhan ( particularly paragraphs 32 to 48). That judgment has simply followed the law laid down in a series of earlier decisions of the Supreme Court viz. (1) C. Muniappan vs. State of Tamilnadu, (2010) 9 S.C.C.567, (2) T.T. Anthony vs. State of Kerala, (2001) 6 S. C.C. 181, (3) Upkar Singh vs. Ved Prakash (2004) 13 S.C.C. 292, (4) Babubhai vs. State of Gujrat (2010) 12 S.C.C. 254 (5) Chirra Shivraj vs. State of Andhra Pradesh AIR 2011 S.C. 604, (6) Swaminathan vs. State of Madras, AIR 1957 S.C.340, (7) State of Andhra Pradesh vs. Kandimalla Subbiah, AIR 1961 S.C.1241, (8) State of Andhra Pradesh vs. Cheemalapati Ganeshwar Rao, AIR 1963 1850. Reference was also made to the decision of the Privy Council in Babulal vs. Emperor AIR 1938 P.C. 130.
Those who criticize Justice Sathasivam should be asked : should he have ignored the settled law as laid down in this series of decisions ? Does not the doctrine of precedents prevail in India ? I can understand non lawyers not understanding this, but when the criticism is made by lawyers ( some of them senior lawyers) I am, to say the least, surprised
2.It was not Justice Sathasivam alone who gave that judgment, it was given by a bench of which Justice B.S.Chauhan was also a member. I personally know Justice Chauhan since the days we were colleagues in the Allahabad High Court . He is a man of the highest integrity, and is strongly independent. He would never agree to a judgment unless he was of the same view, even though he may have been the junior member of the bench.
3. Amit Shah was practically unknown outside Gujrat in April, 2013 when the above judgment was given, and no one then knew that BJP would come to power in May 2014.
Now there is nothing illegal in a former Chief Justice of India accepting the office of governor. But, it is said as a second criticism, that it was improper. I do not see any impropriety. Dozens of former Supreme Court Judges have accepted post retirement posts after retirement (in the Press Council of India, of which I am presently the chairman, the convention has always been that the chairman will be a retired Supreme Court Judge) and I cannot see how a distinction can be made between a Judge of the Supreme Court and the CJI in this connection.
It would, of course, be a different matter if Justice Sathasivam acts in a partisan manner as a governor (as indeed many governors have done), but that has little possibility in Kerala as the BJP has little presence there.
In fact I spoke to Justice Sathsivam over the telephone after he took oath as governor, and after congratulating him told him that as governor he must act in a totally impartial and politically neutral manner, as a judge is expected to do, and he assured me that he will. If he does not do so, people are free to criticize him, but it is unfair to do so when he has just assumed office.
I have personally known Justice Sathasivam since when I was his Chief Justice in Madras high court. He was absolutely upright and very learned in law, and had a very good reputation in this respect. I never even heard a whisper against him.
He comes from an agricultural family, and himself does farming. Once he told me that he was the first law graduate in his area, which shows how backward his region was. He is a self made man, without any Godfather or relatives in the legal profession, and moved upward by his sheer hard work and integrity. I have a high opinion of him, and am therefore perturbed by the unwarranted criticism which many have levelled against him.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Opinion on Twitter Follow

Sonia Gandhi s silence a message to anti-Rahul voicesThere was no word from the high command for over three days after a group of AICC secretaries publicly slammed senior leaders for criticising Rahul Gandhi. 
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: The silence of the Congress leadership on the pro-Rahul insurrection is being seen as an indication to the party leaders that the heir apparent be treated with the respect accorded to the "first family".
There was no word from the high command for over three days after a group of AICC secretaries publicly slammed senior leaders for criticising Rahul Gandhi .
While few say the pro-Rahul offensive was orchestrated, partymen have not stopped wondering how the angry bunch had its way. Rahul himself appeared indulgent when he described the protest by his loyalists in terms of "multiple voices" and that the issue "would be resolved". With the first round drawing to a close, many see AICC general secretary Janardan Dwivedi's censure of rebellious secretaries as coming too late in the day.
Many are imputing meaning to it. "Now, all realise that Rahul should not be taken for granted. And that is important," said an AICC office-bearer.
To those watching from the sidelines, it has not been a pleasant experience that a group within had to take up arms in the name of guarding the dignity of the Gandhi scion "about whom there can be no dispute as leader". They feel the controversies have diverted the attention on the party when the collective energies should be channelised into rebuilding.
A leader warned that if a healthy compromise is not reached, "vigilantism" in the name of defending Rahul can spiral out of control.
At the crux of the post-defeat disarray in Congress is the exasperation of the seniors with Rahul's ideas and his reluctant leadership, mixed with fear that they could lose their privileged perch under him. All eyes are on the reorganization of the party. No wonder, the clash appears generational, GenNext vs the Old Guard.
A Rahul aide said the young leader was being attacked because managers cannot blame Congress chief Sonia Gandhi — a taboo in the party.
However, others say Rahul has to realize that there can only be as many experiments in a crisis-like situation and that he has to take up the leadership mantle.
AICC general secretary Digvijaya Singh expressed happiness at Rahul's offensive against PM Narendra Modi — that PM is beating drums in Japan while people suffer from price rise. "I am happy with Rahul's comments in Amethi. I want him to be in the driver's seat," he said.

Brand Hrithik: What makes marketers bet on the starBrand Hrithik Roshan: What makes marketers willing to place their bets on the star?
By Ishani Duttagupta , ET Bureau | 7 Sep, 2014, 03.43AM IST
0
Share More
He's one of Bollywood's hottest heartthrobs, but that's not the only reason marketers of luxury and aspirational labels gravitate towards the silver screen's Greek god.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
Hrithik Roshan-starrer is a bit like Christmas: it tends to come once a year. Consider: Bang Bang, which has Hrithik in the lead role and is set for release on October 2, comes a full year after his last film Krrish 3. And fans will have to wait for at least another year for the next Hrithik flick — Ashutosh Gowariker's Mohenjo Daro.
The lack of visibility — relative to, for instance, the three Khans — coupled with the very public separation from his wife may tempt you to conclude that the Hrithik magic is on the wane. Fans of the 'Greek God' of Bollywood may disagree — and the brands that are riding on the star will certainly rubbish that notion. Marketers in the know point that Hrithik still commands a fee of between Rs 2 and Rs 3 crore per brand endorsement, not far behind what Shah Rukh Khan and Salman Khan pocket similar activities (see How They Stack Up).
Marketers Keen to Bet Big
So what is the unique value that Hrithik brings to his brand portfolio?
According to the man himself, it's the formula of putting all his eggs in one basket that works both in selecting films and brand endorsements. In his 14 years in Bollywood, he has been very selective about films and done only 17 compared with 50-plus by some of his counterparts in this period.
"It's not how well dressed you are or your good looks that are your strength. My strength is the character that comes through when I interpret the moment and the experiences that shine through my countenance, which are most important both for the brands that I endorse as well as the roles that I play in films," he told ET Magazine in an exclusive interview.
In short, he is an actor before anything else and the rest comes as a by-product . "The movies are where my success comes from but I also like spreading awareness about the brands that I work with. That's as much a part of my work as are the movies," he adds.
Marketers who are willing to place their bets on him agree that it's his personality that brings value for their brands. "We signed him on three years back and have now extended our relationship by three more years," says Matthias Breschan, CEO of Swiss watch company Rado. "Hrithik is the perfect fit for us as brand ambassador not only because he is a young and dynamic celebrity actor who is willing to take risks but he is also very accessible."
For his part, Hrithik reckons he already had a history with the company because he had seen his father wearing the brand.
"It anchored my childhood in a way, because as a boy I wanted to become the man that my father was. Like many of the other brands that I endorse, Rado too has a resonance of values that I stand for," he says.
To that extent, Hrithik may have a natural connect with Rado that transcends commerce — much like the association of Roger Federer with Mercedes-Benz. The tennis player lends his poise and success to the brand, and it also helps that he is a long-time fan of Merc.
Getting Personal
Siyaram Silk Mills, which owns the premium fabric and apparel brand J Hampstead, which has been associated with Hrithik for three years, also extended the contract recently. "He is a perfect balance of class and splendour with the Greek god looks.
J Hampstead is stylish, fashionable and aimed at young achievers and no one else comes close to defining style, persona and sophistication. For us, Hrithik was the best fit for the brand," says N Gangadhar, vice-president, marketing, Siyaram Silk Mills.
The challenges on the personal front, and how he overcame them, also fit well with a few brands he is associated with. Example: PepsiCo's Mountain Dew. "For the consumers he is seen as someone who has confronted numerous challenging situations to emerge a winner," says a PepsiCo spokesperson.
For Mountain Dew, the metaphor of a challenge takes on a more physical hue, courtesy of the action and stunts Hrithik performs in the television commercial for the brand — in sync with the tagline, 'Darr ke aage jeet hai' (beyond fear lies victory).
The ability to push himself to cover that extra mile is also one key reason for online fashion brand Myntra tying up with Hrithik to create, manufacture and retail an active lifestyle apparel and casual wear collection under the brand name HRX.
"The brand was launched to personify the qualities and values Hrithik truly believes in. HRX is based on Hrithik's philosophy which he developed through trials and tribulations and successes. symbolizes the 'go-getter' attitude that youngsters today wear on their sleeves and on," says Ganesh Subramanian , chief operating officer , Myntra. Unsurprisingly, tag line is 'Push Your Extreme'.
More than Star Power
Many stars are chosen by brands as ambassadors purely for their success at the box office. A few, though, bring along something more. For instance, John Travolta, an ambassador for Swiss watchmaker Breitling, is, in addition to being an actor, also a pilot. Similarly, the 'go-getter' image, although not as tangible as Travolta's skills as a pilot, may well be Hrithik's 'plus' point.
What also sets Hrithik apart from other star endorsers is that his aura transcends the local. That's one reason why Emami chose him recently when launching a deo called HE. "Hrithik, with his varied repertoire of films, has an international appeal that resonates with every age group," explains an Emami spokesperson .
The physical attributes — great face, great physique — are of course a huge draw. And what sets him apart from others with good looks and bodies is the "grooming, style, fashion and athleticism" that he brings to the table, says Sumanto Chattopadhyay, executive creative director at Ogilvy & Mather. "Other stars endorse brands too, but when Hrithik does it, he truly fits the bill," he adds. Chinese mobile phone maker OPPO Mobiles, for one, certainly believes Hrithik is the right fit. "We chose him to endorse our brand because he is a perfect blend of good looks, attitude and strength and definitely a youth icon," says Tom Lu, CEO, OPPO Mobiles India.
The Premium Value
It isn't always a perfect fit and, when an association begins to fray at the seams, Hrithik has been quick to snap ties. "When I realized that I didn't enjoy working for a particular brand, I separated myself from it in a dignified manner and walked my path," Hrithik told ET Magazine, without naming the brand in question.
Being choosy about the films and ads may not do much for Hrithik's mass appeal, but then it does add a bit of premiumness to his image, which explains why it's mostly luxury and lifestyle labels that have tied up with him. "In sheer brand positioning terms, it is good strategy. Whether it happens by circumstance or design isn't important; what is important is that it is good for Hrithik who remains a very bankable face. His unique format of acting is all about action and dance. He combines both with his candy face image very well," says brand expert and consultant Harish Bijoor .
Bijoor points out another critical difference between Hrithik and the rest of Bollywood's endorsers: he represents the new and aspirational young Indian rather than the typical macho male stereotype. Which also leads to the other unique factor about Brand Hrithik: he may not be the biggest superstar in Bollywood but he is perhaps a more bankable brand endorser than an actor. And both Hrithik and the brands piggybacking on him aren't complaining.

Apple staff stole Eva Longoria s info; reached out to herApple employees stole Eva Longoria's info, reached out to her
By Business Insider | 5 Sep, 2014, 01.13PM IST
0
Share More
Apple's in its privacy policy claims that "we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company".
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
Jennifer Lawrence and Kate Upton aren't the only ones to have their private information leaked to the public. Actress Eva Longoria, too, revealed on Access Hollywood on September 4 that she's been directly contacted by Apple store employees who were able to access her personal information from company records.
"I've had a lot of problems with people breaking into my email, my Mac email," Longoria told host Billy Bush. "Not hacked — just people get it from the stores, and I had a big problem with that."
Longoria says Apple store employees have contacted her after visits, saying, "'I made a dress, and I want to send it to you. I work at the Apple Store here in San Antonio.' And I'm like... What? Did someone give out my email? Or my phone? 'I saw your phone number from your profile, I just wanted to call and say hi, I'm a fan.' There are a lot of privacy issues".
Apple's in its privacy policy claims that "we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company". The company didn't respond to the show's request for comment.
Longoria's allegations come after Apple's iCloud system was hacked, resulting in dozens of stars's private, nude photos getting leaked. Apple denies that the photo leak was a result of "any breach in any of Apple's systems including iCloud or Find my iPhone."

Forbes 2014 list: Top six highest-paid actresses on TVForbes list: Top six highest-paid actresses on TV
By ET Bureau | 5 Sep, 2014, 10.04AM IST
0
Share More
Latin American star Sofia Vergara comes in first for the third consecutive year in Forbes' 2014 list, followed by Mariska Hargitay, Kaley Cuoco-Sweeting, Julianna Margulies & Ellen Pompeo.
ET SPECIAL:
Latin American star Sofia Vergara comes in first for the third consecutive year in Forbes' 2014 list.
1. Sofia Vergara, Modern Family
($37 million)
2. Mariska Hargitay, Law and Order: Special Victims Unit
($13 million)
3. Kaley Cuoco-Sweeting, The Big Bang Theory
($11 million)
4. Julianna Margulies, The Good Wife
($10 million)
5. Ellen Pompeo, Grey's Anatomy
($10 million)
6. Cobie Smulders, How I Met Your Mother
($10 million)

Government of India can print Re 1 note: Law MinistryThe Hindu Archives Law Ministry has opined that the government can print Re. 1 currency notes. Picture for representation purpose
TOPICS
government
Putting to rest the debate on printing of one rupee notes, the Law Ministry has opined that the Government of India has all the powers to print currency notes of this denomination.
While the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has the authority to issue bank notes of denominational values of Rs. 2, Rs. 5, Rs. 10, Rs. 20, Rs. 50, Rs. 100, Rs. 500, Rs. 1,000, Rs. 5,000 and Rs. 10,000, the one rupee note was printed and issued by the central government.
The Government of India also has the sole right to mint coins of all denominations.
However, since the RBI was of the view that with the repeal of Section 2 of the Currency Ordinance, the Government of India is not empowered to issue note of denominational value of one rupee, the law ministry opinion was taken.
The Law Ministry in its opinion stated that the Coinage Act of 2011, which consolidates the laws relating to coinage and the mints, does not bar the Government of India from printing one rupee notes.
Section 4 of the Act provides that the central government may authorise minting of coin of denomination not higher than Rs. 1,000, it said, adding that the definition of coin in the Act makes it clear that Government of India one rupee note is included in the definition of coin.
The Act defines a coin as “made of any metal or any other material stamped by the Government or any other authority empowered by the Government in this behalf and which is a legal tender including commemorative coin and Government of India one rupee note,” the ministry said in its opinion.
“Further, apart from the metal, the coin may be made of any other material,” it said.
The ministry said while repealing the Currency Ordinance, 1940, “necessary provisions for inclusion of Government of India one rupee note within the meaning of ‘Coin’ have been consciously incorporated in the Coinage Act, 2011. Further, the RBI, as per Section 24(1) of the RBI Act, 1934, is not empowered to issue bank note of denomination of value of one rupee.”
“Central government is not precluded to issue one rupee Government of India note under the Coinage Act, 2011. The dimension, design, material and standard weight of such One Rupee Note have to be prescribed by the Central Government in terms of Section 4 and 5 of the Coinage Act, 2011,” the opinion said.
The printing of notes in the denominations of Re. 1 and Rs. 2 has been discontinued as these denominations have been coinised. However, such notes issued earlier are still in circulation.

Chhattisgarh to develop Sirpur to woo foreign touristsChhattisgarh to develop Sirpur to woo foreign tourists
PTI
THE HINDU ARCHIVES An Image of the Buddha unearthed at Sirpur.
Mumbai, Sept 7:  
Eyeing 36 per cent overall growth in tourist arrivals this calendar year, Chhattisgarh government is planning to develop Sirpur, known for its archaeological monuments, as a Buddist destination to woo foreign visitors.
Sirpur is 78 km away from Chhattisgarh’s capital Raipur and is located on the banks of the river Mahanadi.
“The state is mainly known for its rich natural attractions such as waterfalls, mountains. However, we also have places like Sirpur that has traditional cultural heritage and architecture.
“Even great scholar and traveller from China, Huien Tsang, had visited Sirpur in the 7th century. We are trying to develop Sirpur to attract foreign tourists,” Chhattisgarh Tourism Board Managing Director Santosh Misra told PTI here.
For this, the government is planning to organise national dance and music festivals that will help create awareness about Sirpur and its historical importance, he added.
“We want to promote Sirpur especially is the South Asian countries, where Buddhism is popular,” he said.
The state is expecting over 36 per cent growth in tourist arrivals with about three crore visitors in 2014, he said, adding that Chhattisgarh received 2.2 crore visitors in 2013.
Chhattisgarh is also developing a Buddhist circuit in association with neighbouring states to boost tourism.
“We have initiated discussion with the state governments of Telangana, Madhya Pradesh and Bihar to jointly promote the Buddhist circuit that will boost tourism. We will work out the routes and the places by the end of this month and the concept is expected to take off by early next year,” he said.
Chhattisgarh has nearly 45 per cent forest cover and 32 per cent tribal population. “We have three national parks, 11 wildlife sanctuaries, over 30 waterfalls, abundant caves and untouched topography. To maintain the beauty, we want to promote responsible tourism so that the ecology is preserved,” Misra said.
The state is investing over Rs 100 crore to develop infrastructure for water sports and eco tourism, which is the major focus area of the state, he said.
“We are mainly looking for public—private participation to develop infrastructure for tourism. Since the last decade the state has spent Rs 1,000 crore for the same and will invest another Rs 100 crore this year to develop infrastructure for water sports and eco tourism,” he added.
(This article was published on September 7, 2014)

Fed steps up search for Libor alternativeLast updated: September 3, 2014 8:20 pm
Fed steps up search for Libor alternative
By Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/76de6b2e-3384-11e4-ba62-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US bond bull run wrongfoots Wall StreetSeptember 1, 2014 9:12 am
US bond bull run wrongfoots Wall Street
By Michael Mackenzie in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/baaba43e-2ec5-11e4-afe4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Economists hail birth of DraghinomicsSeptember 7, 2014 7:28 pm
Economists point to emerging ‘Draghinomics’
By John Thornhill in Cernobbio and Claire Jones in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/578c7fce-3689-11e4-85be-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Quick route to US green cards: HNIs go for E...EB5
(Rich Indians, too, are increasingly…)
For the first time since it was created 24 years ago, employment-based fifth preference (EB5), the American government's fast-track permanent residence programme for people willing to invest half a million dollars and create 10 jobs in the US, has hit its annual cap for the 2014 fiscal year as far as Chinese nationals are concerned.
And it's not just the Chinese. Rich Indians, too, are increasingly looking at EB5, under which up to 10,000 visas are issued a year to immigrant investors to help stimulate the US economy . Investments are routed through designated regional centres in the US, which are authorised by the US Citizenship and Immigration Services.
"There is a much higher level of interest in the EB5 programme among Indians over the last few years than before, largely because of the increasing number of HNIs (high net worth individuals) here who can afford to make the required investment as well as more awareness about the programme following big marketing efforts by US immigration lawyers and the designated regional centres," says Mumbai-based immigration lawyer Poorvi Chothani.
The advantage that EB5 provides is quick access to US green cards, with a success rate of more than 80 per cent. Once an individual has a green card based on the EB5 investment, the person is free to live and work anywhere in the US, which is an advantage over other employment-based visa programmes.
"While the interest among Indians doesn't in any way compare with that of the Chinese, Indian HNIs have become more interested in this category so that their children studying at US colleges get a fast track to US green cards, since other permanent residency routes take a lot of time," points out Cyrus Mehta, New York-based immigration attorney.
The EB5 programme for Indian nationals is still current unlike the Chinese, and does not suffer the crushing backlogs for green card as in other employment-based immigrant visa categories, such as the EB3 for professional workers with a US bachelor's or foreign equivalent degree and with a job offer from a US company.
"If an employer sponsors you under the India EB3, it may take decades before you can get a green card. You also do not need to have an employer to petition on your behalf (for EB5) ... I can see more Indians going through the EB5 category as Chinese investors start backing off because of the quota retrogression for them," Mehta adds.
An advantage of having permanent residency visa for Indian families will be in lower tuition costs for their children in contrast to the high international costs associated with universities and colleges, says Maliha Mian, associate director, EB5 programme at Meditex EB-5, a regional centre in Houston, Texas.
Garrett Kenny, who runs EB5Select, a company in Florida that works with regional EB5 centres, has been getting a large number of enquiries from Indian investors in the past few months.
"The third-largest number of enquiries come from Indian nationals, after the Chinese and South Koreans," he says.
In Kenny's opinion, Indians are more hands-on with their investments and would like to invest in businesses that they can manage or control, such as gas stations or convenience stores while the Chinese are open to being hands-off, primarily interested in the fast-track green cards.
"EB5 applicants need to look at the project that they are investing in very carefully and ensure that it can succeed in creating the jobs as required within a fairly short period of time," he says.
A problem that investors in EB5 sometimes face is over the source of their funds. "The minimum investment is quite high at $500,000 and in some cases it is $1 million. Besides, the investor must properly document the source of the funds they are using for the investment in the US," says Pradnya Desh, an attorney and managing partner of Desh International Law in Bellevue, Washington.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fresh blow to AbenomicsAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Prime housing market hit by tax changesSeptember 7, 2014 5:48 pm
UK’s prime housing market hit by tax changes
By Kate Allen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/74d0fa6e-336a-11e4-9607-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

MMR is delaying mortgage offersSeptember 5, 2014 6:08 pm
MMR is delaying mortgage offers
By James Pickford
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5eb48098-3509-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rules deter first-time buyers© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b4e775f0-2f92-11e4-87d9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Abbas threatens to end Palestinian unity government with HamasSeptember 7, 2014 8:17 pm
Abbas threatens to end Palestinian unity government with Hamas
By John Reed in Jerusalem
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e68972ca-3695-11e4-85be-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Palestinian unity government sworn inJune 2, 2014 6:33 pm
Abbas swears in Palestinian unity government
By Joel Greenberg in Jerusalem
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e19e896c-ea69-11e3-80fb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hamas and Fatah take steps to seal reconciliationMay 15, 2014 1:54 pm
Hamas and Fatah take tentative steps to cement reconciliation
By John Reed in Ramallah
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1dd76856-da9b-11e3-a448-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

GAIL fire probe: 22 would not have died in pipeline blast had safety features been installedGAIL fire probe: 22 would not have died in pipeline blast had safety features been installed
 New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 08 2014, 11:43  IST
Sep 08 2014, 11:43  IST
 

India Post releases eight stamps on music maestrosPrint
Written by Suanshu Khurana | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 12:44 am
Many years ago, a performance by Pandit Bhimsen Joshi at Delhi’s Shriram Bharatiya Kala Kendra had the audiences in a meditative trance. Among those present was a Delhi College of Art student Sankha Samanta, who noticed in awe, the extravagant gestures and the contours of the musician’s face change with every note he breathed.
He “watched” the raga being delineated. Now almost 25 years later, Samanta, now 44 and a stamp artist, has conceptualised a commemorative stamp for Joshi in which delicate strokes of a saffron sun, sea and sky can be seen segueing into a sombre Joshi.
The stamp is one of the eight commemorative stamps released as a part of philatelic products released by India Post. The set includes stamps on doyens of Indian classical music with Pt Ravi Shankar, Gangubai Hangal, DK Pattamal, Kumar Gandharva, Ustad Vilayat Khan, Ustad Ali Akbar Khan and Mallikarjun Mansoor finding a stamp each to themselves.
“The project was commissioned to me in the year 2011 as a set of four stamps, which later became eight And since then I have worked extensively on these. Apart from watching artistes’ videos repeatedly. I also had meetings with the children of artistes and people close to them before embarking on the project,” says Samanta, who has created more than 300 stamps so far out of which more than 15 are Mahatma Gandhi stamps.
While stamps of Shankar and Joshi are priced at Rs 25, the other six come with a denomination of Rs 5 each. The collectors’ edition includes eight lakh and five lakh stamps, respectively. Besides individual stamps, the postal department has also come up with miniature sheets and sheetlets that are available at 83 philatelic bureaus. “It’s challenging to create these stamps because of the detailing involved in the portraits. So the amount of research that goes is also massive. Variations in colour comes later apart from the brightness in print which is important. People in the philatelic world should be happy this time. It’s a real treat for them,” says Samanta, who originally drew the stamp designs on A4-sized canvases in oil and acrylic before they were turned into miniature stamp versions. Samanta’s first visit to the Dak Bhavan had him create a poster of Indira Gandhi for a stamp, which was approved in 1987. Since then, he has been one of the more important artistes associated with India Post.
What is surprising for the postal department, however, is that the sale of stamps in not dependent on the quantum of mails in times when letter writing is a lost medium. “If we do not realise the responsibility of bringing out these stamps, we begin to get frantic calls from collectors. It’s also an important revenue earning product for us,” says Anula Kumar, DDG, Philately, India Post, who adds that soon more thematic and personality stamps will be brought out by the department.

Will Apple wow tech world at Sept 9 eventWill Apple be able to wow the world on September 9?
Reuters     San Francisco   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 11:49 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
It has been four years since Apple introduced a completely new gadget and the pressure is on for the world's largest tech company to wow at its "special event" in Cupertino, California, on Tuesday.
Apple has fed the high expectations, with promises by executives that the company's best product pipeline in 25 years is being readied inside its secretive facilities. That is a high bar for a company whose hits include the modern, graphic-based personal computer, the smartphone, the iPod and the tablet PC.
Those now ubiquitous gadgets were created under the innovative and famously meticulous eye of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs, who died in 2011. When Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook takes the stage on Tuesday, technology aficionados, investors and rivals will be watching closely to see whether Jobs' handpicked successor inherited the magic touch or whether Apple's winning streak is coming to an end.
"We think Apple's pipeline is finally going to satisfy those who have wondered if the company has any new products. The stock price has been rallying as investors are beginning to believe that Tim Cook all along was telling the truth that there is an incredible pipeline of products," said Michael Yoshikami, CEO of Destination Wealth Management.
In the last five years, the period beginning July 1 has been the most fruitful for holders of Apple shares, with an average price gain of about 22.5 percent, compared with 11 percent gains seen in the first half of the last five years.
Below are some of the key products and features to look out for at Apple's big event on Tuesday:
iWatch
Rumors of an Apple smartwatch go back several years, but Tuesday may finally be showtime. The watch, which will reportedly have a flexible screen and come in two sizes, will track its wearer's health and fitness, double as an electronic wallet and of course, display messages.
The watch is not likely to go on sale until sometime in 2015 and Apple may not even reveal its price on Tuesday. But with rivals such as Google Inc and Samsung Electronics Co already entering the smartwatch market, tech-watchers are anxious for Apple to show its cards.
"The market has been waiting for Apple's product as the real category-defining product," said FBN Securities analyst Shebly Seyfari.
iPhone 6
Smartphones are Apple's bread-and-butter, representing more than half of its revenue, and the company is expected to introduce a pair of new models with bigger screens, a sleeker design and wireless payment capabilities. The iPhone 6 will be available with 5.5-inch or 4.7-inch screens, a step up from the current models' 4-inch screens. There is also speculation that some phones will boast extra-tough screens made from scratch-resistant sapphire material.
Mobile Wallet
Apple has reportedly struck deals with major credit card providers Visa Inc, MasterCard Inc and American Express Co. The partnerships, as well as a special communication chip within the new iPhone and smartwatch, would allow consumers to use their gadgets at stores to buy everything from coffee to blue jeans - changing the shopping experience and extending Apple's reach from the Web to real-world commerce.
Health
Apple's launch of the "HealthKit" data service earlier this year made it clear that it sees its products helping consumers manage personal health information. By incorporating the HealthKit service into the iPhone 6, and by packing its smartwatch with sensors capable of monitoring physical movements and heart rates, Apple could lay the groundwork for a broader push into mobile healthcare.
One More Thing? Apple's Jobs was famous for surprising fans with unexpected products at the end of his presentations. Could Cook preserve the tradition with a peek at a long-awaited Apple television, a rumored bigger iPad or a completely unexpected product?

Punj Lloyd up 10% on order from PRPC Refinery in MalaysiaSep 08, 2014, 10.31 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Punj Lloyd up 10% on order from PRPC Refinery in Malaysia
The diversified EPC giant announced winning the mega Rs 3,515 crore (USD 581 million) RAPID Tank Farm order from PRPC Refinery and Cracker Sdn. Bhd, a subsidiary under the Petroliam Nasional Berhad (Petronas) group, Malaysia's national energy company, said the company in its filing.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Punj Lloyd up 10% on order from PRPC Refinery in Malaysia
The diversified EPC giant announced winning the mega Rs 3,515 crore (USD 581 million) RAPID Tank Farm order from PRPC Refinery and Cracker Sdn. Bhd, a subsidiary under the Petroliam Nasional Berhad (Petronas) group, Malaysia's national energy company, said the company in its filing.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Punj Lloyd are locked at 10 percent upper circuit on Monday on bagging big RAPID Tank Farm order in Malaysia.
The diversified EPC giant announced winning the mega Rs 3,515 crore (USD 581 million) RAPID Tank Farm order from PRPC Refinery and Cracker Sdn. Bhd, a subsidiary under the Petroliam Nasional Berhad (Petronas) group, Malaysia's national energy company, said the company in its filing.
The Tank Farm is part of Petronas's Refinery and Petrochemical Integrated Development (RAPID) project (developed within a 6242-acre site) in Pengerang, Johor, Malaysia.
"We should be able to complete the order over next 2.5-3 years," JP Chalasani, managing director and group CEO.
He added that the company targets to bring debt down by 35-40 percent by FY15-end while in October, the sale of non-core assets will bring debt down by Rs 1,000 crore. The company has Rs 6,500 crore of debt on balance sheet while total claims on paper stand at Rs 10,000 crore.
PIC forms part of the Johor State's Pengerang Intergrated Petroleum Complex (PIPC), which is under Malaysia's Economic Transformation Programme (ETP) to establish new engines of growth of Malaysia.
With this win, Punj Lloyd Group's order book backlog reaches Rs 24,679 crore.
At 10:00 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 40.60, up Rs 3.65, or 9.88 percent on the BSE. There were pending buy orders of 186,003 shares, with no sellers available.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

PSU OMCs gain on decline in crude oil pricesSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 10:13 AM IST
PSU OMCs gain on decline in crude oil prices
PSU OMCs, HPCL, BPCL and IOC, have gained between nearly 0.5-1%  as crude oil prices dropped on Friday.
PSU OMCs, HPCL, BPCL and IOC, have gained between nearly 0.5-1% on the BSE as crude oil prices dropped on Friday.
 
Crude oil futures dropped on Friday after downbeat US jobs data fuelled demand concerns and a ceasefire in Ukraine cooled geopolitical tensions. Brent October contract closed $1.01, or 1%, lower at $100.82 a barrel on Friday. US crude October contract finished $1.16, or 1.2%, lower at $93.29 a barrel on Friday.
 
In Asian market today, Brent October contract fell 10 cents or $100.72 a barrel while US crude October contract dipped 2 cents at $93.27 a barrel.
 
Lower crude oil prices will decrease under recoveries of PSU OMCs on domestic sale of diesel, LPG and kerosene at government controlled prices. The government has adopted the policy of gradually increasing diesel prices to eliminate under recovery and deregulate the diesel prices. Also, the government has freed the  pricing of petrol.
 

Sensex  Nifty hit fresh record highs on fund inflowsMarket update: Sensex, Nifty end at new peak, up 1 per cent each
Agencies     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 17:56 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
After two-day of small correction, both the roaring key indices, Sensex and Nifty, went berserk, scaling their fresh historic peaks and rocketed by over one per cent each to register their new highs of 27,319.85 and 8,173.90 respectively on enhancing confidence among investors on sustained buying by foreign funds and fall in crude prices.
The benchmark S&P Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Monday resumed strong on the back of rally on Wall Street last Friday to log a life-time closing high of 27,319.85.
The 30-share barometer gradually moved up further to an intra-trade peak of 27,354.99 before spurting by 293.15 points, or 1.08 per cent, to end at a new high. In the last two trading sessions , it had risen by 113.33 points or 0.42 per cent.
Tracking the same trend, the broad-based 50-share Nifty of the National Stock Exchange (NSE) also commenced higher and rallied further to hit a new intra-day peak of 8,180.20 before recording new closing high of 8,173.90, up by 87.05 points (or 1.08 per cent).
Oil & Gas shares were at the forefront after fall in global crude oil prices after subdued US jobs data fuelled demand concerns and a cease-fire between Russia and Ukraine.
Brent crude oil for October settlement was trading above US $100 a barrel.
It will help the country to contain current account deficit and fiscal deficit. The country imports nearly 80 per cent of its crude oil requirements.
Persistant buying by foreign funds was the major force behind the current rally. The data showed that FPIs/FIIs bought shares worth Rs 4,813.38 crore last week, including provisional data of September 5.
Buying was seen in most of the sectors, as 11 out of 12 sectoral indices gained between 0.26 per cent and 1.79 per cent with Oil&Gas, FMCG, Bankex, Metal and IT shares taking the lead.
Tyre shares were in the limelight on hopes that recent sharp fall in rubber prices could boost the profitability of these companies. Apollo Tyres , Ceat Tyres, Dunlop India, Falcon Tyre, Goodyear India, JK Tyres, MRF and TVS Shrichakra closed strong between 4.92 per cent and 20.00 per cent.
Refinery shares were also attracted good buying support on fall in crude prices amid hopes of further reforms. HPCL, BPCL, Castrol, IOC, ONGC, Oil India, Cairn and RIL rose between 1.65 per cent and 4.32 per cent.
Meanwhile, investors got rich by almost Rs 1.25 lakh crore on Monday.
Mr Jignesh Chaudhary, Head of Research, Veracity Broking Services said, "Today Indian equity opened positively followed by the Rupee appreciation, positive sentiments in the global equities. Today indices posted new all time high with the help of blue chip companies which closed positively."
There was no major trigger from Asian markets, as China, South Korea and Taiwan were closed today for holiday while indices from Hong Kong eased by 0.20 per cent and Taiwan rose by 0.23 per cent. European stocks too were trading lower in their late morning deals. The CAC was down by 0.25 per cent, the DAX by 0.06 per cent and the FTSE by 0.69 per cent.
Overall, 26 of the 30-share sensex-based counters closed with gains while M&M, NTPC, Tata Power and HDFC finished with losses.
Major gainers were Hindalco (3.49 per cent), ONGC (2.78 per cent), SBI (1.94 per cent), HDFC Bank (1.80 per cent), Wipro (1.66 per cent), HUL (1.65 per cent), TCS (1.50 per cent), Infosys (1.29 per cent), RIL (1.19 per cent), Axis Bank (1.18 per cent), Maruti (1.12 per cent), Cipla, (1.09 per cent), L&T (1.02 per cent) , SSLT (0.98 per cent), Sun Pharma (0.96 per cent) and ITC (0.96 per cent).
Among the S&P BSE Sectoral indices, Oil&Gas firmed up by 1.79 per cent, FMCG by 1.40 per cent, followed by Bankex (1.38 per cent), CG (1.29 per cent), Metal (1.25 per cent), IT (1.22 per cent) and Teck (1.20 per cent).
Reflecting the rally in second-line stocks with their indices BSE-Smallcap and BSE-Midcap outperforming the sensex and closed strong by 2.11 per cent and 1.29 per cent, resulting the total market to remain strong as 2,081 stocks closed in the green while 947 settled in the red.

Public sector banks headed for consolidationYou are here: Home > Collections
Public sector banks headed for consolidation after September quarter results
Dheeraj Tiwari, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 06.13AM IST
(According to the ministry’s…)
NEW DELHI: Consolidation among state-run banks is set to a get big push after the results for the quarter to September are declared, with the finance ministry nudging large public sector banks to look at possible combinations in this regard.
The ministry is expected to soon hold a meeting with all state-run banks to discuss issues related to their operations, their contribution to the economy and coordination with other arms of the government.
The issue of consolidation will also be discussed at this meeting, a senior finance ministry official said, adding that any merger proposal will be evaluated on the parameters of pan-India presence, business and information technology integration.
"The government has limited capital to offer and it has to be deployed judiciously," the official said on condition of anonymity. The government will draw the road map for bank capitalisation on the basis of performance of the banks in the second quarter of the current fiscal, the official added.
According to the ministry's estimates, state-run banks require Rs 2.4 lakh crore as equity by 2018 to meet the global Basel III capital norms. But the government has allocated a relatively paltry Rs 11,200 crore for bank capitalisation in this fiscal.
"If some bank has viable merger proposal we can allocate more resources towards that to support its plan," the official added. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had said in his budget speech that the government had received some suggestions for consolidation of public sector banks. "Government, in principle, agrees to consider these suggestions," he had noted.
The official cited earlier said, "A best case scenario will be where the merged entities have a pan-India presence, no conflicting subsidiary and fairly equal business mix."
The merger process can kick off with the country's largest bank, State Bank of India, taking over one of its subsidiaries. The bank has estimated Rs 32,831 crore as total capital requirement under the Basel III capital adequacy framework for all of SBI's subsidiary banks from 2014-15 to 2018-19.
A chairman of a state-run bank said that most banks would not be interested in merger at this juncture when the bad loans in the system have peaked.
"Why should we take over a bank such as United Bank of India, which is struggling, unless the rewards are much higher than the risk?" he asked, requesting anonymity.
The gross non-performing assets of staterun banks touched Rs 2.16 lakh crore at the end of March, an increase of 39 per cent over the previous fiscal.
The government intends to keep its holding in public sector banks at 52 per cent. It has also asked these banks to hive off their non-core businesses such as insurance or get them listed to raise resources.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Its now turn of Mumbai-Surat to be wary of monsoon furyIt’s now turn of Mumbai-Surat to be wary of monsoon fury
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 8:  
The Mumbai-Surat belt could likely get a thrashing by the monsoon winds being pulled in by a well-marked low-pressure area over interior Odisha and Vidarbha.
The US National Centres for Environmental Prediction sees a heavy rain wave initially moving towards western Maharashtra during today and tomorrow.
RAIN FURY
Its intensity will scale up further as it moves further into coast on the Konkan-Mumbai belt and then gets guided to the north along the coast.
Thus it will move over Mumbai, Surat and into south Gujarat even as the ‘low’ steers itself into the north over west Madhya Pradesh.
The US agency sees most of the rain fury concentrating over the coastal belt rather than west Madhya Pradesh, though the latter would also get its share of heavy rain.
According to this forecast, Konkan-Goa and coastal Karnataka also would witness heavy to very heavy rainfall during the next couple of days.
India Met Department said the monsoon was vigorous over south interior Karnataka and Chhattisgarh yesterday.
WIDE SWATHE
Rainfall was heavy over a wide swathe of area covering Odisha, east Madhya Pradesh, Vidarbha, coastal Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, coastal Karnataka, and north interior Karnataka.
The erstwhile ‘killer low’ over northwest India has since weakened into a cyclonic circulation over Haryana and adjoining west Uttar Pradesh.
But it is still able to drop rain over many parts of northwest India due to interaction with passing western disturbances in the region.
The Met detected one such that was in the process of moving out of the region even as a successor waited its turn over the international border to the west and northwest.
NO CONSENSUS
Meanwhile, there was no consensus among weather models over the possibility of the Bay of Bengal producing another rain-bearing system.
This is even as South China Sea/west Pacific bristled with the prospects of getting activated, which are being closely watched for signs of perpetrating to the west and into the Bay.
The European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts saw a ‘low’ in the South China Sea heading for a landfall over southwest China coast.
This would be matched only by a powerful typhoon taking birth over the west Pacific and racing towards the south of Japan but sparing the island nation.
At least two models saw the Bay of Bengal ‘responding’ to the churn in the South China Sea but not on a scale to match the previous two systems borne out of here.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Gujarat FSL to tie up with US-based firm for ballistic testingUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Ahmedabad: Gujarat Forensic Science Laboratory, which provides services to various companies for testing of armour panels and bullet-proof jackets, is likely to soon tie-up with a US-based firm to share best practices in the field of ballistic testing.
The Gandhinagar-based FSL has it own ballistic testing centre where it tests products for Indian Army and now it is also providing this service to private defence companies and is also in touch with other companies to test their products.
"We, here in Gujarat FSL, have conducted tests for US-headquartered company DuPont for their products like Kevlar and Tensylon which are being used as ballistic-proof jackets and ballistic-panels used in armoured vehicles," FSL's deputy director HP Sanghvi said.
Upbeat by the experience with the FSL, DuPont is eyeing better ties with the local lab in the form of an 'agreement'.
Upbeat by the experience with the FSL, DuPont is eyeing better ties with the local lab in the form of an 'agreement'.
"We are in discussion for a mutual collaborative effort with FSL which would include sharing of knowledge and best practices in the field of ballistics testing. The nature of the agreement is not finalised yet," a senior official of the company said in an e-mail reply.
Sanghvi also confirmed that an agreement with the private company is in the pipeline.
To a query over US-based company selecting Gujarat FSL, the official said, "Testing at FSL Gandhinagar was done to validate the internal results and also offer third party independent reports to our customers."
He said, "DuPont has its own ballistics range and R&D (research and development) team at DuPont Knowledge Centre in Hyderabad. We design the armour solutions, make prototypes and test them internally before offering to customers."

J&K floods: Massive rescue operation on  many areas under 6 feet of water  communication downUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Srinagar: Massive rescue operations by the Army and Indian Air Force continue in Jammu and Kashmir where floods have left over 150 people dead and lakhs affected. Seven more IAF aircraft have been pressed into action as the situation is still worrisome.
Many locals are still stranded on rooftops in Jammu as water level in some areas is as high as 6 to 7 feet. The Army said that while water levels have receded in South Kashmir, water current has risen River Jhelum.
"The entire focus is on rescue in Srinagar. Through the day yesterday and last night intense rescue operations were on. The worst affected areas are Bakshinagar and Rajnagar," said Lt General Subrata Saha, GoC 15 Corps.
"Here the roofs are slanting, all evacuations are slow and deliberate. The water levels at some places is 6 to 7 ft," Lt Gen Saha said.
He said that while the forces were facing problems in carrying out rescue operations in the first three days, work is now on in full swing. "During the first three days, it was not possible to carry out any air operations. We have started air operations now. Half of the Army cantonment area is also under water and some internal rescue operations are also on, but that does not deter our job. Rescue operation is in full swing," he said.
Communication lines are down in many areas and power cuts are also being seen in many parts of the valley. All communication lines including BSNL, Radio Kashmir are down.
Meanwhile, pilgrims who were headed to the Vaishno Devi shrine were stranded after the Katra-bound Shri Shakti Express train was stuck in the Udhampur district. There are nearly 500 pilgrims, who left from Delhi, on the train. The Railways is hopeful of restoring rail traffic between Jammu-Udhampur-Katra by Tuesday, say sources.
Helpline numbers:
New Delhi J&K House (011)-24611210 and 24611108
Srinagar-0194-2452138

Apex court asks CBI director to file response within a weekApex court asks CBI director to reply on averments against him
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 8:  
The Supreme Court today said that averments made against CBI Director Ranjit Sinha, arising out of entry list at his residence, are “serious” in nature and directed him to respond to the allegations in “black and white“.
The apex court took serious objection to the director’s submission that he would not like to file an affidavit on the averments and would counter the allegations orally.
“The averments are serious and the CBI director can’t say he won’t file an affidavit,” a bench headed by Justice H L Dattu said.
Senior advocate Vikas Singh, appearing for Sinha, submitted that he doesn’t want to file an affidavit as it would impact the trial in 2G scam case and also said that the court should not hear the issue without knowing the source of information as the averments were made on the basis of privileged communication and highly secret CBI file notings.
The Bench, however, refused to accept his plea, saying that it is monitoring the 2G case and very serious allegations have been sought to be made against him.
The court said that if the CBI director doesn’t file an affidavit, then it will proceed with the case and non-filing of a response would also draw adverse inference against him.
“What prevents you to file an affidavit on merit?” the Bench asked, adding, “Whatever you want to tell us, tell us in black and white.”
The CBI director, thereafter, agreed to file an affidavit in a sealed envelope.
The Bench allowed the director to file the response within a week and posted the case for further hearing on September 15.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Crude oil prices fall on weak US jobs reportCrude oil prices fall on weak US jobs report
PTI
Tweet
Singapore, Sept 8:  
Oil prices dipped in Asia today as a disappointing US jobs report tempered the sentiment over demand in the world’s top crude consumer, analysts said.
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate crude for October delivery eased one cent to $93.28, while Brent crude for October fell seven cents to $100.75 in late-morning trade.
“The unexpectedly weak US jobs number puts doubt in the US economic outlook and in turn, weakened oil demand,” Singapore’s United Overseas Bank said in a note.
US jobs data
The Labor Department had said on Friday that the US added 142,000 new jobs in August, snapping a six-month streak of more than 200,000 jobs per a month and far below the 223,000 tipped by analysts.
The data supported the view that the world’s biggest economy is still struggling to pick up speed, and that wages remain very flat, holding back consumer spending.
Desmond Chua, market analyst at CMC Markets in Singapore, said markets are likely to trade sideways this week due to a dearth of trading cues.
“We see a rather muted week of data, with markets likely to take direction from geopolitical factors like the ceasefire in Ukraine at the forefront,” Chua said.
Ukraine conflict
Fighting around two flashpoint cities in eastern Ukraine yesterday rattled a tenuous truce between government troops and pro-Russian rebels less than 48 hours after it came into force.
Western nations have warned of more sanctions against Moscow for its support of the pro-Kremlin insurgents in the civil war, which has cost about 2,600 lives.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has so far denied any direct involvement in the months-long conflict.
The conflict is closely watched by crude investors as Russia is the number-two oil producer in the world, and Ukraine is a key conduit for Moscow’s gas exports to Europe.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Vaishnodevi Yatra resumesTweet
Jammu, Sept 8:  
Pilgrimage to the cave shrine of Mata Vaishnodevi in Trikuta Hills of Reasi district resumed today morning after remaining suspended for four consecutive days in view of heavy rains in Jammu and Kashmir.
However, the pilgrimage has resumed only through the old route and the two new tracks are still closed in view of landslides.
“Yatra to the cave shrine resumed this morning after remaining suspended for four days in view of heavy rains and bad weather conditions,” Chief Executive Officer, Shri Mata Vaishnodevi Shrine Board, Mandeep K Bhandari, told PTI.
The yatra has resumed only through the old route and the two new tracks are still closed in view of the landslides, he said, adding that it will take two more days to make it available for pilgrims.
Yatra slips at Katra have been given to pilgrims this morning to undertake pilgrimage through the old route.
Decision to resume the pilgrimage was taken today morning after the supply of water and power services was restored on this track, he said.
Pilgrimage via two new tracks would take two more days as efforts to restore water and power supply are on, the CEO said, adding that helicopter services to the shrine are likely to restored by late today afternoon.
In view of landslides triggered by heavy rains, over 4,000 pilgrims were stuck at various places en route the cave shrine in the past few days. The board had provided them all facilities.
Pilgrimage to the shrine from Katra base camp was suspended on September 4 in the wake of continuing rains and the closure of the track due to landslides at various places.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Airtel divests 3 500 towers in Africa to Eaton TowersAirtel divests 3,500 towers in Africa to Eaton Towers
Our Bureau
Airtel will sell and lease back towers in 6 countries across its African operations under a 10-year contract.
New Delhi, Sept 8:  
Bharti Airtel Limited today announced an agreement for the divestment of over 3,500 telecom towers from its African operations to Eaton Towers. Airtel will sell and lease back towers in 6 countries across its African operations under a 10-year contract.
In July, Bharti Airtel has signed an agreement with Helios Towers Africa, a firm owned by a consortium of investors, to sell towers across four countries in Africa.
The agreements will allow Airtel to focus on its core business and customers, enable it to deleverage through debt reduction. It will also significantly reduce its on-going capital expenditure on passive infrastructure.
For Eaton Towers, the acquisition is a major step towards the scale needed to provide shared telecoms infrastructure solutions, with its customers benefiting from lower operating costs, expanded network coverage and capacity and improved quality of service.
The agreements are subject to statutory and regulatory approvals in the respective countries.
Commenting on the development, Manoj Kohli, Chairman, Bharti Airtel International Netherlands BV (BAIN), said: “The agreement with Eaton Towers will lead to far superior utilisation of passive infrastructure and help drive the proliferation of affordable mobile services across Africa.”
Alan Harper, CEO of Eaton Towers added: “This is a transformational deal which gives Eaton Towers the most diversified tower portfolio across Africa. ”
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Moderate your expectations from equityMahesh Nayak      Follow @MaheshNayak    Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 15:28 IST
Photo: Reuters
Mahesh Nayak
S. Naren*, Chief Investment Officer at ICICI Prudential AMC, has turned defensive and so when the BSE Sensex touched its all-time high crossing 27,200 levels last week, I called him to understand what next for the Indian equity market. To my surprise, he told me fixed income is the most attractive asset class. That was surprising coming from an avid lover of equities.
His reasoning was apt as his intention was clear that investors need to moderate their expectation of returns from the market. He felt the returns from here on would be moderate and in such circumstances regarding safety at the current levels, fixed income has a lower risk and decent return.
The Sensex has surged continuously and now it's in a zone which has not been explored till date so it would be an assumption that the market should correct on regular intervals or at least consolidate after regular intervals to continue its upward journey. More than the Narendra Modi impact, the market is rising on liquidity. Sentiment is positive and it could make the market run ahead of fundamentals. Until interest rates remain low in developed economies, FII money will continue to find its way into markets like India.
On September 4, the European Central Bank (ECB) cut rates to record lows and announced plans to combat low inflation in the region. The US Federal Reserve too is unlikely to raise rates in the near term.
Till the momentum continues, the market would remain firm. Even if there is a correction it will not be sharp. But that should not make investors complacent. With equities under-owned and other asset classes like gold underperforming, there is a high possibility that investors may rush into equities. Getting carried away is easy in today's market but investors should enter the market with guarded optimism as the rate of growth in stocks has come down.
Liquidity can push the markets upwards but for it to sustain India Inc will require to deliver impressive performance quarter after quarter. Meanwhile, in the current week the market will keep a close eye on the Supreme Court's verdict on September 9 in the coal allocation case. On Friday, September 12, the government will unveil July industrial production data and August consumer price index (CPI).
(*An earlier version of this story had incorrectly spelt Mr Naren's name. It has now been corrected.)

Goyal  Chavan trade charges over growing power crisis in MaharashtraPrint
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 8, 2014 11:31 am
Even as the threat of a major power crisis looms large over Maharashtra and several others states, the country’s two main political parties —the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Congress — are busy trading political blows over it. With Maharashtra being among the worst hit by the crisis, Union Minister of State (Independent Charge), Power, Coal and New and Renewable Energy Sunday blamed Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan for “politicising the power issue’ and blaming the Centre “although the state has no pending demands in terms of power or gas.”
Chavan was quick to respond to the barb, claiming that “the Centre was solely to be blamed for non-resolution of the power crisis. “Following the worsening of the power crisis in the state which was triggered by decreased allocations of power from three private players — Adani, Tata, and Indiabulls, with whom Maharashtra has long-term power purchase treaties, Chavan, who has urged Prime Minister Narendra Modi to convene a meeting of chief ministers from the affected states, had blamed the Centre for “incompetence” and “lack of initiative” to resolve it.
The private players have complained that the shortage of indigineous coal and change in policy of coal exports by Indonesia has adversely impacted the power generation. While Goyal chaired a meeting with Chavan, NCP chief Sharad Pawar, to discuss the issue with representatives of private firms, and also convened another meeting of power ministers from the affected states in Delhi last week, Chavan had targetted him for no concrete outcome from these meeting.
Firing a barb at Chavan, Goyal said, “Maharashtra CM is politicising the issue unnecessarily. The issue of power shortage in Maharashtra is among the state government and private suppliers. We are a third party and at the most we can only facilitate interaction between the two parties. The CM (Chavan) is unnecessarily passing the burden of the cross to us and is deliberately politicising the issue. In fact, for last two weeks I am trying to reach out to the CM but he has denied me a meeting. As of now, no power demand from the state is pending with Centre,” said Goyal.
Countering this, Chavan said, “I have not made any allegations or politicised the issue, neither do I intend to politicise it in future. But if the centre does not want to resolve the matter and Prime Minister Narendra Modi wants to improve his popularity by touring foreign countries, when there is a major national crisis, then the Centre would have to bear entire blame for it.”
The chief minister further said that while he was performing tasks doable at his level to tide over the crisis, he was not empowered to take policy decisions concerning coal imports and policies. “All we are asking the Union government to do is to show some leadership skills to overcome the problem,” Chavan said.
Meanwhile, Goyal, who was addressing the media across India through a video conference, in which reporters from across 13 cities participated, said the NDA government at Centre had inherited a continued…

Part-II of Uddhavs Maharashtra vision: Telemedicine for better rural healthcareUddhav Thackeray with son Aditya at the launch of ‘Shiv Arogya Seva’ at Sena Bhavan on Sunday.
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 8, 2014 11:29 am
After promising e-learning in schools across Maharashtra if his party was elected to power, Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray Sunday unveiled another aspect of his vision document for Maharashtra that focuses of use of technology to improve healthcare.
Launching the ‘Shiv Arogya Sena’ at Sena Bhavan in Mumbai, Thackeray announced his plan to connect all the district hospital and government-run colleges to rural health centres through telemedicine facility.
This, he said, would provide instant access for patients in rural areas to medical advise from experts. Ironically, such a facility is already in place for district hospital in 30 of the 35 districts in the state. The Congress, NCP combine had introduced the facility under National Rural Health Mission — now referred to as National Health Mission — in 2008. According to NRHM’s official website, about 80,656 patients have benefitted from the facility so far.
On Sunday, Thackeray also unveiled the scheme’s model for two districts — Chandrapur in Vidarbha region and Palghar in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region.
The Shiv Sena leader further said a team of 25 expert doctors, which include renowned oncologists and neurosurgeons, was working on the model. The telemedicine service has also been made available in Shiv Sena shakhas that are equipped with video conferencing facilities. He further informed that his party was also working on a scheme to promote better use of generic medicines. “At present, the primary healthcare is woefully inadequate. This results in denial of timely treatment to patients,” Thackeray said, taking a dig at the ruling combine.
Without naming any political party or person, Thackeray further said, “With elections in mind, some people are dishing out false assurances, which would be forgotten after polls. With the vision document, we intend to showcase to people the plans to build an educated and healthy state. Our intention is to put our plans before people and let them decide on whether they wish to benefit from it.”
Within hours, however, Thackeray’s bete noire and Congress poll committee chief Narayan Rane mounted an offensive against him and Sena’s vision document. “He (Thackeray) opted out of the chief ministerial race having realised that he lacks vision and potential to lead the state. His vision document will serve as a guideline for us (the Congress) when we are elected to power again,” Rane said. Firing another salvo, he said, “Thackeray has woken up now to plan schemes for public welfare, whereas we (Congress leaders) have been doing this round-the-clock.”
When asked if this was Shiv Sena’s solo vision document or was it also endorsed by Shiv Sena-BJP grand alliance, Thackeray said this would be the the vision document of the government of the grand alliance, which would be elected to power in Maharashtra.

Has money for development of state come from NagpurPrint
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 8, 2014 11:26 am
The battle for the seat of power in Maharashtra has begun heating up with rival parties embroiled in a no-holds barred slugfest over allegations of corruption.
Two days after the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) national president Amit Shah accused the ruling Congress, Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) combine of scams worth a mammoth Rs 11.88 lakh crore during its 15-year reign in Maharashtra, the Congress on Sunday hit back, threatening to expose corruption in BJP-led states during its election campaign.
Dismissing Shah’s allegations are baseless, Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan said the state had presented budgets of less than Rs 4 lakh crore in the past 15 years. “Then where from has the Rs 11 lakh crore figure come. It is not as if the Bharatiya Janata Party has been sending the money for state’s development from Nagpur,” Chavan said, taking a dig at BJP. The headquarters of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) is based in Nagpur.
Meanwhile, Maharashtra Congress’s poll committee chief Narayan Rane said the Congress party had plans to “expose corruptions scams in BJP-ruled states” during its election campaign.
On Saturday, Congress ally Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader Sharad Pawar and nephew Ajit had also targetted Shah over his corruption allegations. Meanwhile, continuing with the strategy to dent Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s image ahead of the polls, the Maharashtra Congress Sunday brought out a publication on “false assurances” made by Modi.
The party has distributed the booklet among workers to reach out to voters with the message. “We want people to know how the Modi-led government has been misleading them,” Rane said.
Another booklet heralding the work done by the Congress in Maharashtra was also brought out. “The BJP only succeeds by creating an atmosphere of communal hatred, fear, and division in the society. It is their well-planned strategy. The Modi government’s 100-day rule in Delhi has shown that they have failed to deliver on development promises made during the Lok Sabha polls. We want to reach out to people so that they do not fall prey to the BJP’s strategies during the Maharashtra polls,” Chavan said.
The Chief Minister further said, “The upcoming elections in the state would be fought on two issues-one of development carried out by the Congress, NCP combine in the state, and another on the performance of the Modi government at the Centre.” He added, “As far as the work carried out by the ruling combine in the state is concerned, the Opposition has little to talk about. We would also soon come out with books highlighting works carried out by us in various sectors in this
regard.” But it is our responsibility to show to people where Modi is taking the country as it’s head.
Following its victory in LS polls in Maharashtra, the BJP is planning to ride on Modi’s popularity to unseat Congress, NCP in the state. Sources said denting Modi government’s image would be at the Centre of poll  strategy for the Congress and the NCP.

Markets @ new peak: Opto Circuits surges over 8%; top 20 stock betsAshwani Gujral
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rallied over 300 points in trade on Monday to hit its fresh record high of 27,333.26, led by gains in ONGC, TCS, L&T, RIL and HDFC Bank.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index rallied over 80 points to hit its respective life high of 8176.70, supported by gains in banks, capital goods, pharma and power stocks.
At 15.15 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,333.26, up 306 points or 1.13 per cent. It touched a fresh record high of 27,333.32 and a low of 27,144.56 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8,178.35 up 91 points or 1.1per cent. It touched an intraday record high of 8,179.25 and a low of 8126.15.
Market highlights @ 2
- 4.27 lakh Federal Bank shares traded in a block deal at Rs 124.95, stock up 2%
- Brent Crude falls most since June 2013 currently at $100.08, down 0.73%
- Unlikely to tap capital markets in FY15 for fund raising, says SBI Chief
- Arvind Remedies up 31% in 2 trading sessions currently at Rs 64.5, up 10.63%
- Amrutanjan up 36% in 2 trading sessions currently at Rs 339.50, up 16.29%
Market highlights @ 1
- Punj Lloyd surges 10% on Rs 3,515 crore order win
- Sandeep Wagle: Cairn India is a 'buy' with a target of Rs 347 and stop loss of Rs 332
- Prakash Gaba: Biocon can climb to around 515; stop at 496
- ONGC gains 2% after Bank of America upgrade
- Tata Steel to pay Rs 193.34 crore as bonus
- Rupee up 0.44%, is Asia's best gainer over 5 days
- La Opala rallies over 5%, sets date for share split
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Arvind Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 305 and a stop loss of Rs 323
Adani Ports Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 292
Coal India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 383 and a stop loss of Rs 365
Asian Paints Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 675 and a stop loss of Rs 650
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Siemens Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 915 and a stop loss of Rs 861
Adani Enterprises Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 541 and a stop loss of Rs 505
Grasim Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3705 and a stop loss of Rs 3614
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Siemens Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 900 and a stop loss of Rs 870
Adani Ports Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 293
Grasim Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3710 and a stop loss of Rs 3610
Cairn India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 347 and a stop loss of Rs 332
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Aban Offshore Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 800 and a stop loss of Rs 756
Bajaj Auto Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2400 and a stop loss of Rs 2335
Siemens Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 900 and a stop loss of Rs 860
Kunal Saraogi, CEO, www.equityrush.com
IFCI Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 31.50 and a stop loss of Rs 33.50
IRB Infrastructure Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 285 and a stop loss of Rs 265
ONGC is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 465 and a stop loss of Rs 450
Ashish Chaturmohta, Head Technical & Derivatives Desk Research, Fortune Equity Brokers (India) Ltd
IRB Infrastructure Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 290 and a stop loss of Rs 268
Crompton Greaves Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 240 and a stop loss of Rs 217
Adani Enterprises Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 540 and a stop loss of Rs 507
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Deadly microbes discovered in U.S. labsUpdated: September 7, 2014 01:08 IST
Deadly microbes discovered in U.S. labs
Narayan Lakshman
Reuters Dr. Rick Sacra, who returned to U.S. from Liberia with suspected Ebola infection.
TOPICS
science and technology
The poisonous substances, some reportedly dating from 85 to 100 years ago, were found in unsecured vials held in the laboratories of the National Institutes of Health, US.
Multiple discoveries of deadly microbes, including the plague bacterium and the lethal toxin ricin, were made during a sweep of U.S. government laboratories this week, following the unearthing in July of improperly stored smallpox virus in a federal laboratory setting.
The poisonous substances, some reportedly dating from 85 to 100 years ago, were found in unsecured vials held in the laboratories of the National Institutes of Health, a federal agency located in Bethesda, Maryland, near Washington.
Authorities said that the substances have since been destroyed.
In a memo, the NIH was quoted saying that it took this matter “very seriously,” and the discovery of the disease agents “highlights the need for constant vigilance in monitoring laboratory materials in compliance with federal regulations on biosafety.”
Although officials admitted that the toxins discovered this week, contained in six freeze-dried vials, had been not been stored per required protocols, they were said to be in sealed containers and “no employees were in danger of infection,” it was reported.
Disease agents linked with epidemics have been in the news recently in the U.S. on several fronts, firstly owing to the return of a third American citizen infected with the deadly Ebola virus from Africa.
Last Friday Rick Sacra (51) came back to the U.S. from Liberia, and although he was still sick he was said to be in stable condition and communicating with his caregivers at the Nebraska Medical Centre.
Earlier two other American aid workers infected by Ebola – Kent Brantly and Nancy Writebol – recovered after a course of treatment on U.S. soil.
Secondly, fears about a biological terror attack were heightened after it was found that a laptop seized by moderate Syrian rebels from fleeing Islamic State militants, was said to contain a 19-page document in Arabic on how to weaponise the bubonic plague from infected animals.

Buy GAIL India on dips: Sudarshan Sukhani08:00 am
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com told CNBC-TV18, "Somewhere around Rs 465 there was sharp resistance for  GAIL India . This time it failed to cross Rs 465 and had a two day deep correction. On Friday there was a sense that perhaps the correction is getting over. We are getting a buy on dips trade here. If it goes to Rs 465 that is very nice, it gives a lot of money. If it crosses Rs 465 that will be stunning but the dip is worth buying into."
At 11:22 hrs GAIL India was quoting at Rs 457.55, up Rs 5.95, or 1.32 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 460 and an intraday low of Rs 452.15.
RELATED NEWS

Street @ new peak: Opto Circuits surges over 8%; top 20 stock betsStreet @ new peak: Opto Circuits surges over 8%; top 20 stock bets
India Hopes N-deal will Bolster Power Supply; Industries KeenIndia Hopes N-deal will Bolster Power Supply; Industries Keen
Tata Steel to Pay 193.34 Crore Bonus to over 30 000 EmployeesTata Steel to Pay 193.34 Crore Bonus to over 30 000 Employees
Williams downs Wozniacki for sixth US Open titleWilliams downs Wozniacki for sixth US Open title
Festive Season Sale: Airfares from Rs 1 290Festive Season Sale: Airfares from Rs 1 290
Carlyle raises $3.9B for Asia fundCarlyle raises $3.9B for Asia fund
IRB Infra up 3%  gets order for Mumbai-Pune section of NH-4IRB Infra up 3%  gets order for Mumbai-Pune section of NH-4
Sensex  Nifty hit all-time highs on fund inflowsSensex  Nifty hit all-time highs on fund inflows
Bharti Airtel gains after unit divests African telecoms tower assetsBharti Airtel gains after unit divests African telecoms tower assets
Rupee travels down by 11 paise against the US DollarRupee travels down by 11 paise against the US Dollar
Bharti Airtel to sell over 3 500 African mobile phone masts to Eaton TowersReuters |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 11:24 AM IST
Bharti Airtel to sell over 3,500 towers to Eaton in Africa
Bharti Airtel Ltd  has agreed to sell more than 3,500 of its mobile phone masts in six African countries to telecommunications tower company Eaton Towers in a bid to cut costs, the companies said on Monday.
Bharti Airtel Ltd
has agreed to sell more than 3,500 of its mobile phone masts in six African countries to telecommunications tower company Eaton Towers in a bid to cut costs, the companies said on Monday.
Bharti Airtel will lease back the towers from Eaton under a 10-year contract, the companies said in a statement. They did not disclose financial details of the deal.
In July, Bharti Airtel agreed to sell about 3,100 masts in four African countries to Helios Towers Africa.
The sales are part of the group's plan to divest most of its more than 15,000 towers in Africa in a process that sources have said could raise up to $2 billion.
 Advertisements

India Inc finds right fit in differently abled as they bring more dedication to jobYou are here: Home > Collections
From bottling industry to IT, India Inc finds right fit in differently abled as they bring more dedication to job
Prachi Verma, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 05.51AM IST
Tags:
American India Foundation
(“Initially, they were…)
NEW DELHI: A couple of months back when Prasad Corporation hired 50 people with disabilities, it unknowingly discovered a perfect fit for its digital film restoration division. Unlike its normal staff, the new hires with hearing and speech impairment, could cope better with high noise levels in the division. The company is now looking at hiring 100 more differently abled people this fiscal.
"Initially, they were a little slow, but they picked up after a couple of months. Now, they are better than the average employee in the division," said Sree Suresh, manager (talent acquisition) at Prasad EFX. "Other employees tend to take hourly breaks, but people with disabilities put in longer hours." Around 100 employees at Cafe Coffee Day who brew coffee are hearing and speech impaired.
Coca-Cola India too has employed many such people at its factory as bottling inspectors. Companies like Microsoft, IBM, Lemon Tree hotels, the Park, etc are all actively looking to hire differently abled people in various roles. Many companies are finding "right fit" employees among people with disabilities and are discovering that differently abled people are better than others in several job profiles.
Coca-Cola is one example. "In the factory bottling line, where the bottles are constantly clanking, hearing impaired persons are more suitable than other workers. We are continuously looking at engaging more people with disabilities," a company official said. In fact, Coca-Cola along with American India Foundation (AIF) is engaging other companies to find employment and train 1,000 people with disabilities by this fiscal end.
As part of its campaign, Coca-Cola through AIF is placing 600 differently abled in companies like Titan , Lemon Tree, Vodafone and National Association for the Blind by the fiscal-end. These companies have committed to absorb around 600 people by this fiscal-end, a Coca-Cola official said. Salman Khan's Being Human and Rage Frameworks have committed funds for the cause to Coca-Cola.
Realising the potential in the hearing and speech impaired, Cafe Coffee Day (CCD), is looking at adding more of such employees to the cafes across the country. "People with hearing and speech disability are the best brewers across all our stores," said K Ramakrishnan, president-marketing of Cafe Coffee Day. "They have a heightened sense of smell, this is very important for brewing coffee." Lemon Tree has engaged close to 260 people with disabilities and is looking at adding another 100 by the end of this fiscal.
Every month, the hotel chain conducts a sign language certification programme for all its employees. "To enable a smooth communication between employees with disabilities and the rest of our staff we religiously hold the certification programme where participation is compulsory," said Santosh Kumar Nayak, GM from Red Fox Hotels (Lemon Tree). The Park, Hyderabad has hired around 10 persons with disability as a pilot project. The hotel sensitises all its guests on the floor before these employees take up the house cleaning task under a supervisor.
"After their recruitment they are given basic training in sign language and induction regarding the daily chores that they have to perform at work. Even fellow employees and new employees are given prior intimation about these people," said Namrata Sharma director (HR), the Park Hotel. IT companies like SAP India, Microsoft and IBM India too realise the potential talent among persons with disabilities.
"At Microsoft, we believe that diversity enriches our performance and products, the communities where we live and work, and the lives of our employees," a company spokesperson said. In India, IBM has undertaken several initiatives to increase visibility and access of this set of employees at the workplace. "IBM has initiated round table meetings with employees to understand and address their unique concerns.
IBM has established a voluntary network of persons with disabilities - EnABLErs at IBM," DP Singh, vice president - HR, IBM India/South Asia said. IBM also partners with NGOs and other industry bodies in selecting qualified candidates and assist them on their ongoing career journey.
SAP Labs India currently employs five individuals with autism and plans to hire five more by the end of 2014. "SAP emphasises on leveraging the unique talents of the disabled people and providing them meaningful employment," a SAP India official said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Workforce to surge ahead of festive seasonAmazon
(Amazon, McDonald’s and…)
MUMBAI: This festive season that's just around the corner will see a jobs boom—staffing companies are being flooded with demands for more workers as the economy starts looking up again and consumers feel emboldened enough to loosen their purse strings after being frugal through a prolonged slowdown.
Amazon, McDonald's and others are set to hire a large number of people — some of them temporary, some full-time — and the trend is seen extending to smaller towns as well.
Workforce numbers will likely surge 30-50% at e-commerce, fast-moving consumer goods, retail and BFSI (banking, financial services and insurance) companies as consumer spending is expected to shoot up in the next three months.
Amazon will Pay Attendance Bonus
Staffing firms are going all out to grab as many people as they can and some companies are getting innovative as they look to sweeten the bait. E-commerce giant Amazon will pay an 'attendance bonus' for members of its logistics team over the next three months to ensure minimum absenteeism and strengthen the delivery team with more contract employees.
"They will almost double their numbers in the logistics section and the attendance bonus is one of the many incentives the company has planned," said a person who didn't want to be named. "We do not comment on what we may or may not do in the future," Amazon said in reply to an email sent by ET.
It's not just temporary staff, companies will also take on permanent workers who are directly employed. Temporary workers are supplied by staffing firms, which pay their salaries and benefits. Such workers will be especially in demand to handle an increase in customers in segments such as call centres, housekeeping, deliveries and those who track goods.
The $6-billion taxi rental market in India will see Ola Cabs adding more drivers, incentivising them through a possible cut in the commission it charges for the next three months. "This will help to get more drivers on our platform and more incentives may be rolled out," said Anand Subramanian, marketing communications head for Ola Cabs.
  The company has 18,000 cars and about 24,000 drivers on its platform and expects a 30% increase during the festive season. Rituparna Chakraborty, senior vice-president and co-founder of staffing firm TeamLease Services, said there has been a sharp uptick.
"There is definitely a welcome surge in hiring at the moment in anticipation of the festival season and (this) shall carry on till about the end of January 2015," Chakraborty said. "Our projection shows that the surge (in temporary hiring) would be around 50% of what happens all year long in these sectors."
The boom won't be concentrated to just the big cities. A large part of the hiring is driven by optimism shown in consumer durables, ecommerce, hospitality and airlines and will take place in tier II and III cities, noted the staffing firm.
For Randstad India, another staffing company, mandates have come from BFSI and consumer durable firms. "Home, auto loans shoot up during this period and more workforce is needed to manage customers," said Aditya Narayan Mishra, president, staffing, Randstad India.
The Bangalore-based company said there will be at least a 30% increase in demand for workers this festive season compared with other months of the year.
Another Bangalore-based recruitment company's staffing team expects a 40% surge in demand for temporary employees during the festive season based on mandates it has got this month. "One company almost plans to double the number of its customerfacing employees," said a senior executive of this company who refused to be named.
Fast food chain McDonald's is also geared up for higher staffing during the next three months. "We are looking to add about 10% of our total workforce across all our restaurants (including delivery) in anticipation of the demand peaking during the forthcoming festival season," said Rudra Kishore Sen, director, operations, McDonald's India (north and east). This additional hiring stems directly from consumer sentiment picking up, Sen said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian-Origin Fund Manager Martoma s Bid for New Trial DeniedBanks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
New York: A bid for acquittal and fresh trial filed by an Indian-origin portfolio manager, convicted for an insider trading scheme in the US, has been denied by a court which ruled that evidence in the case "overwhelmingly" showed that he is guilty.
Mathew Martoma, 39, will be sentenced on the scheduled date of September 8 after US District Judge Paul Gardephe denied his motion for a judgement of acquittal and alternatively for a new trial.
Mr Martoma was convicted in February for his role as the "central figure" in one of the most lucrative insider trading schemes in the US history.
US Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara has said in court papers that Mr Martoma should be handed down a "significant period of imprisonment" that is more than the eight years recommended by the probation department.
Mr Bharara has also asked the court to order Mr Martoma to forfeit his 2008 bonus totalling $9.4 million and pay a separate fine to reflect the "serious offense" committed by him.
In rejecting Mr Martoma's motion to throw out his insider trading conviction, Mr Gardephe said Mr Martoma offered no persuasive argument in the trial against the "overwhelming circumstantial evidence" demonstrating that he traded on the securities of pharmaceutical companies Elan and Wyeth for his hedge fund SAC Capital after receiving confidential information from two doctors about an Alzheimer's disease drug trial.
The judge said that Mr Martoma and SAC Capital were able to make profits and avoid losses totalling $275 million because of the inside information he had "wrongfully" obtained from the two doctors, while countless other investors who were not privy to this information had to "bear the full brunt" of the decline in stock prices of Elan and Wyeth.
"The assertion that there are no victims of Martoma's crimes is as astounding as it is meritless," the judge said.
The judge ruled that evidence at trial was sufficient to demonstrate that Mr Martoma knew that he had received material, non-public information from the two doctors in violation of their duties to Elan and Wyeth.
The judge also rejected Mr Martoma's assertion that he should be granted a new trial because the jury had become biased against him after it was revealed during the case that he had been expelled from Harvard in 1999 for allegedly doctoring his law school transcript to try to gain a federal clerkship. .
Mr Martoma had even changed his name from Ajai Mathew Thomas before applying to Stanford, where no one knew that he had been expelled from Harvard.
Following his conviction, Mr Martoma was stripped of his MBA degree by Stanford business school, the first time the prestigious US institution has revoked a graduate's degree.
Mr Gardephe said Mr Martoma's arguments in seeking a new trial are "not persuasive" since no evidence concerning Mr Martoma's expulsion from Harvard Law School was introduced at trial.
Mr Bharara has said that Mr Martoma was the "central figure in the most lucrative insider trading scheme ever charged" and his entire success across his four years at SAC Capital was based on illegal insider trading.
SAC had last year pleaded guilty to insider trading and agreed to pay $1.8 billion to settle the criminal and civil charges against it. It has since changed its name to Point72 Asset Management and now only manages the personal wealth of its founder Steven Cohen, who has not been criminally charged.
Story first published on: September 06, 2014 21:07 (IST)

Monetary stimulus may backfire  provoke forex savings: RajanRaghuram Rajan says monetary stimulus may backfire, provoke forex savings
Bloomberg Sep 7, 2014, 11.15AM IST
(Aggressive monetary policy…)
BOSTON: Aggressive monetary policy by developed economies may hurt global growth by pushing emerging markets to pile up foreign-exchange reserves instead of spending, Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan said.
Rajan, a regular critic of the unprecedented monetary stimulus the world's richest nations have put in place, said the world is "setting the stage for a repeat" of the years that followed the Asian financial crisis of the late 1990s. At the time, developing economies traumatized by capital outflows and painful bailouts started accumulating reserves as insurance, leaving it to US consumers to buoy global consumption.
"Any emerging market today is going to look at the currency volatility and say 'whatever money comes in, I'm going to be careful about it, I'm going to build some reserves'," Rajan said in a speech in Chicago. "That kind of policy will depress global demand." Overseas investors pulled $8 billion from rupee-denominated debt last year, pushing the currency to an all-time low, as the US Federal Reserve signalled it would begin paring its record monetary stimulus.
Rajan, who took office a year ago, has overseen a recovery of the Indian currency, raising interest rates three times in his first five months as he also seeks to tame Asia's fastest inflation. Indian policymakers have now rebuilt foreign exchange reserves to a near-record high as investors weigh the timing of an interestrate increase by the Fed. India will probably be less vulnerable to a global shift of funds, Rajan said last month.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Need to fix supply-side issues to control inflation: Bibek Debroy100 days of Modi govt
(I would prefer to wait for…)
ET Now caught up with Bibek Debroy of the Centre for Policy Research for his take on the 100 days of the Modi government. Excerpts:
ET Now: The first 100 days of Modi Sarkar are over. Are you cautiously optimistic? Perhaps it's too early to celebrate just yet?
Bibek Debroy: It is a bit too early to celebrate because we still do not have sufficient evidence of investment intentions actually turning into investments. I would prefer to wait for one more quarter before one says that the economy is definitely on an upswing.
ET Now: Do you believe it was an error on the part of the Finance Minister to go and stick to the 4.1% fiscal deficit target when he actually had the elbowroom?
Bibek Debroy: The Finance Minister took a call that a wider fiscal deficit would have led to negative reactions, including on the part of the rating agencies. My belief is as growth requires public expenditure and a plan on capital investments, he should have had a larger fiscal deficit target of about 4.5% of GDP, supported by a credible medium-term fiscal policy plan of reducing that. But obviously, the Finance Minister had his own reasons for taking the call.
ET Now: Do you believe India's banking system is at a systemic risk, and there is too much concern that one needs to give as far as banking is concerned?
Bibek Debroy: We had a very clear distinction between banks and development finance institutions at one point in time. These institutions used to lend for the long term, but in the course of reforms, we blurred the difference between the two. Banks have now begun to lend for long-term projects and some of these projects are definitely going to be unviable in the short run. So I agree with what you are saying and would also say that part of the problem is due to the fact that we have not been looking at infrastructure projects.
ET Now: Is the government close to winning the battle against inflation?
Bibek Debroy: There are very few short-term fixes to address the inflation issue. Yes, you may do various things with the food grains you hold in stocks, but fundamentally, we have got supply-side problems. One of the reasons why the inflation numbers are looking a bit respectable is because of the base. As a trend, inflation will continue to be high because demand is high. Therefore, until the supply-side problems are addressed, I do not think inflation as an issue is going to go away. All that will happen is that the numbers will look a little bit more respectable.
ET Now: When this government came into office, expectations were really high that there will be ground-breaking reforms, but what they are essentially doing is they are trying to unclog the system. Are you a votary of that strategy?
Bibek Debroy: The attitudes of people, who propagated big-bang reforms, have probably changed a little bit post the budget speech. My diagnosis is that the reactions have become a bit more favourable. It is a completely different thing to suggest big-bang reforms for areas where states are the main players.
 
So, one ought not to expect a sudden scrapping of the chapter V-B of the Industrial Disputes Act or the repeal of all the labour laws. Those expectations would be unrealistic. By and large, most people would now recognise that the Finance Minister has decided to wait till the next budget for pushing through things like GST and DTC. When most people now talk of big-bang reforms, they do not have in mind thinks like FDI in retail. What they are probably talking about is GST.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How HR is engaging in ‘fun’ acts to retain talentHow HR heads are increasingly engaging in ‘fun’ activities with Gen Y to retain talent
By Rajiv Singh , ET Bureau | 7 Sep, 2014, 11.29AM IST
READ MORE ON » Sunday ET
Engaging with Gen Y calls for a paradigm shift (guess that’s one jargon he couldn’t avoid) in approach and HR programmes.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
He's an Indian working with a German multinational corporation who likes making Latin dance moves. After a long day at work, Arijit Sengupta, the human resources (HR) head of Adidas India, puts on his dancing shoes to have fun with his team by doing Zumba, a popular fitness programme inspired by Latin dance.
HR head and fun? Aren't HR heads supposed to be a grim, staid and solemn lot, more comfortable surrounded by the euphemistic jargon (rightsize, downsize and redundancies) than by gyrating colleagues? Perhaps not any longer.
"With our core employee base in their 20s, it is pointless to be in a stiff collar and tie," says Sengupta, who does Zumba a couple of times a week at his Gurgaonbased office. The 40-year-old fitness freak also actively takes part in other fitness activities in the office such as yoga and CrossFit, a strength and conditioning programme.
Engaging with Gen Y calls for a paradigm shift (guess that's one jargon he couldn't avoid) in approach and HR programmes, he points out.
Sengupta isn't the only honcho leading from the front to give HR a human face. Across industries, new age HR heads are shedding inhibitions, turning stereotypes on their head, doing outlandish stuff, and most importantly coming out of their hallowed cabins to strike an emotional chord with employees.
Preaching doesn't work after all, says Sengupta; walking the talk is key to make the preaching real. "Gone are the days when in a corner cabin policies were made and then communicated. The world has become smaller and closer."
When Work is Fun
While the nature of an HR job still remains serious, it helps if it is tempered with a generous dose of fun. Wearing multiple hats, it seems, is now an integral part of the HR head's role. And nobody does it better than Runu Mehta Kesarker of Mad Over Donuts. For the HR head of the Singapore-based gourmet doughnut brand, which has 54 outlets in India, spreading cheer is a mandate she takes very seriously.
Sample this: last month, Kesarker got to know that one of her team members in the sales department had not been in good spirits for some days. Reason: he was bogged down by loads of work and was under enormous pressure to meet sales targets.
So, what happens next? Kesarker, along with six others in her team, goes to the desk of this colleague at around 5.30 in the evening. Another guy sitting on the desk starts playing loud music on You-Tube. And all of a sudden, Kesarker starts dancing to Yo Yo Honey Singh's "Chaar bottle vodka kaam mera roz ka". "This was a perfect song to pep him up as he is a party animal," recalls the 35-year-old HR head who has been doing such 'flash mobs' over the past six months at her Mumbai office.
Did her dancing act have an impact? "Absolutely," she says, "all in the office, along with this guy, joined me and started dancing. I then asked him to leave early and go back home and party."
Flash mobs, once in 15 days, help in lifting the spirits of the employees and keeping energy levels high. "All of us work in such a high-pressure job that it becomes crucial to release pressure," she says, adding that maintaining relationships also helps in keeping attrition low. Mad Over Donuts has over 550 employees across the country and Kesarker heads a 16-member HR team.
There has been a 360-degree turn in the way HR functions, she points out. And it's quite apparent with other interesting stuff done by Kesarker.
One of them is mock awards, a random and surprise award function which she organizes every month. "The coolie No. 1 of office or the helping hand award adds fun to the work." Another offbeat activity is a game of chor police. Played once a month for over two hours, Kesarker leads the chor (thief ) team by stealing all the expensive items in the office and hiding them, and the police (managers in the office) have to find the stuff within a stipulated time. "This activity helps bring teams closer and develops bonding," she says.
But from where did this idea come? A junior manager in the office was having a hard time with his boss, she recalls. "We also got to know from his appraisal that something was going wrong and there was a communication gap." So Kesarker formed a team of thieves which stole some stuff from office, including the mobile phone of the boss of this junior manager, and the entire office was asked to hunt for the items.
"At times grown-ups don't need lectures or gyaan. If a game conveys the message, then nothing like that," she says.
Page 1 of 2

Biz & beer club: How Shailendra Bist woos start-ups(By organizing a periodic…)
By Jyoti Pande Lavakare
Along with artisan beers, Shailendra Bist is brewing something even more interesting at his microbrewery and gastropub in Pune: a start-up community that regularly hangs out together. Bist, one of the newest players in the craft-beers space in India and cofounder and CEO of Independence Brewing Co, is not just an entrepreneur himself, but also a bit of a changemaker.
By organizing a periodic event around beer and business, he is trying to catalyse a vibrant social community among existing start-ups in Pune. He calls it the Beer and Business Club. His gastropub organizes a series of social events to attract young founders and start-ups; and by populating this space with first-generational entrepreneurs, he is attempting to create an enduring social community of start-up czars. Besides being interesting and fun, these events serve as an organic stimulus to the Pune entrepreneurial ecosystem, reseeding and growing it faster.
He began this series of social events in April this year, 15 months after opening the doors of his 220-seater gastropub: casual, fun hangout sessions of, for and by young entrepreneurs. The third hangout, a bigger event than the previous two, is scheduled for the last week of September.
Boys and Beer
"The initial idea was just to have a strictly informal meet of first-generation entrepreneurs over some beers, conversations and fun events," Bist tells me as we tour his spanking new pub fitted with comfortable seating, tables designed in a mellow wood finish and an atmosphere of casual, youthful elegance. But the overwhelming response showed him that there was a gap that he was quick to recognize and fill.
His start-up collates data of all those who participate — and builds on it for each event. "We currently have a database of 50 start-ups," he says. At the last event, they had roughly 30 start-ups, represented by 70-80 participants.
How does he attract and build the community?
"We offer them a start-up discount, which is much more generous than the discount we offer corporates. Entrepreneurs are free to work from our pub. If they need to make some presentations they can use our stage and audio-video system for free," says Bist, as we walk through his stainless steel and glass microbrewery, looking at bags of imported malted barley, grist, hops and the large steel mash tuns. However, the character of the event and the evening is more social than professional — the networking and the bouncing off of ideas among the start-up czars is a bonus. Bist feels that between Nasscom , TiE and others, there are enough professional forums for entrepreneurs, but very few spaces that allow for an informal catch-up of minds and ideas.
Meanwhile, Independence Brewing got its final licence earlier this week. "We've been close to operational breakeven for a while, but haven't been able to generate a profit yet. That was to be expected, because our own beers hadn't started. Until now we were serving craft beers we purchased from others and thus, our costs were high. When we begin with our own beers, sales will go up and costs will come down," Bist adds.
Microbreweries — breweries that produce a limited amount of craft beer, typically 1,000 litres per batch — are a fairly new business in India. Only six states — Maharashtra, Goa, Karnataka, Punjab, Haryana and West Bengal — have allowed for licences to produce these artisan beers. While the microbreweries are allowed to produce and distribute the beer to other establishments, the restaurant breweries, or brewpubs, can brew and sell it to patrons on the premises.
Intimate Knowledge
What also makes Bist different from others entrepreneurs in this field is the fact that he is himself a trained brewmaster. He is the head brewer for his start-up, though he has hired an assistant brewer as well as an apprentice.
He has over six years of brewing experience and has won multiple awards at brewing competitions in the US, from where he moved in 2012 to set up his pub/brewery in Pune. For someone with a degree in mechanical engineering from Purdue University, that is an unusual accomplishment. But both Bist and his wife, Ambica, began their love affair with beer while in college, and are both equally passionate about it. So are his co-founders, partners and employees.
"In fact we have an internal charter which prevents us from carrying any mass market industrial beer. Our entire goal is the promotion of craft beer," Bist says. Which is the reason why he pulled off a coup of sorts by getting Greg Koch, co-founder and CEO of Stone Brewing Co, southern California's largest craft brewery and among the largest in the entire country, to partner with him.
"Greg brings immense knowledge, experience and expertise to the table. He partnered with us because he is passionate about beers and is totally committed to the idea of spreading good, artisan beers to all parts of the world," says Bist. He has other American angels supporting him as well. "My entire project was funded via equity funding mostly from private investors from the US. All American investors have invested in our parent company Indus Brew LLc [registered in the US] which holds a majority stake in Independence Brewing Co," Bist says.
His mind is currently buzzing with several new ideas, but his longterm goal is simple: to create a craft beer brand and push into the retail market.
The author is an independent columnist and writer.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Law firms encourage mid-rung staff to hone leadership skillsLaw firms encourage their middle-rung colleagues to hone skills in leadership, deal-making
Maulik Vyas, ET Bureau Sep 6, 2014, 03.02AM IST
(The new fad to get lawyers…)
As the lines that once separated the role of lawyers and investment bankers blur and newer opportunities emerge for legal eagles to serve as independent directors on boards of companies, many lawyers are being encouraged by their senior partners to go back to school.
These lawyers are being nudged to opt for management and finance courses from elite institutions that include Harvard Business School, India's leading management institutes such as IIMs and ISB to sharpen their skills in management, leadership and finance streams.
Prominent law firms such as Amarchand Mangaldas Suresh A Shroff & Co, Economic Law Practice (ELP), J Sagar & Associates and Nishith Desai & Associates are among the many law firms to have made it mandatory for lawyers to hone their skills to deal with complexities in deal-making as well as the maze of regulatory laws.
"We used to send our senior leadership, but now we nominate even our younger partners to programmes such as the Harvard Business School Executive Education programme and the special programme for infrastructure lawyers run by IIM Ahmedabad," said Sujjain Talwar, co-founding partner and head of infrastructure and hospitality practices at law firm ELP. "Usually they are lawyers who have a team to lead and manage, and those who have earned the label of trusted advisor, and such programmes help to achieve that."
On a different note, Nishith Desai & Associates focuses on such programmes to develop leadership skills in the lawyers. Even at the time of recruitment, everyone is supposed to study the HBR paper on Level 5 Leadership in the firm. "Our success lies in having built a strong culture of innovation. I like to teach them 'how to be creative'. We have Continuing Education programme every morning and around an hour-and-a-half is spent on practice management," said Nishith Desai, founder of Nishith Desai Associates, another reputed law firm with offices in India and the US.
The new fad to get lawyers trained in spheres outside their regular work comes at a time when India Inc is grappling with many regulatory and compliance issues. Further, some of the Indian companies are also testing out options to raise funds. In such a scenario, knowing merely one's subject, i.e. law and regulations are not enough. Practice of law now is more demanding. Creative solutions that were earlier the prerogative of accountants or management consultancies are increasingly being sought from lawyers.
The country's largest law firm in number of lawyers on the roster and revenues --Amarchand & Mangaldas & Suresh A Shroff & Co has tailor-made a programme for the firm called the "Mini MBA" in association with IIM, Tirchy. "This programme is an extensive week-long one, which includes special training on the latest business and management skills, accounting and finance, organisational behaviour, human resource management, business strategy and marketing," said Vandana Cyril Shroff, Partner, Amarchand & Mangaldas.
  According to ETIG, a research arm of the paper, India's top 500 companies collectively spent Rs 9,468 crore in FY13 on legal expenses, a rise of 13% compared to a year ago. This figure shows how much diversity corporate law firms are witnessing along with opportunities. Another full service law firm, J Sagar & Associates, has bespoke programme with Management Development Institute (MDI), Gurgaon. The jointly-designed curriculum by MDI and JSA, focuses on management skills, strategy, emotional intelligence, leadership, public finance and international economy.
"Several of our more senior equity partners have attended the Harvard Business School's Leading / Managing Professional Service Firms programme," said Jyoti Sagar, founder, & chairman of JSA. "The MDI programme has been attended by 14 partners and by the end of this financial year it would have covered a total of 40 partners."
Many lawyers working in the firms or within companies as general counsel (GC) are also seeing the new Companies Act as an opportunity to be on the board of companies as independent directors. However, the new law puts more accountability than earlier. Hence, many lawyers are learning the nitty-gritty of management and finances to be prepare for any such job. Mumbai-headquartered Welingkar Institute of Management Development and Research has started 11 months' executive programme --'Business Management for Legal Professionals' -- a couple of years ago. "We keep the size limited because of the huge individual attention each of the students calls for.
Each comes with different career goals and needs to be attended and hence need to be guided accordingly," said Prof Uday Salunkhe, group director, Welingkar Institute.
"We have seen gradual surge of lawyers joining management programmes to enhance their understanding of the business practicalities when they deal with legal issues," said Savita Mahajan, deputy dean of ISB, one of the premier management institutes in the country. In many instances lawyers' say in negotiations, vendor due-diligence and on other issues have increased in the last couple of years which helps companies save money and other resources.
"Lawyers, in house and external, are now much more than support functions -- they are core assets to business strategy," said Kailas Karthikeyan, regulatory affairs and public policy manager with Microsoft India and alumnus of National Law School, Bangalore and ISB. "Business school education has enabled me to develop deeper empathy for business clients leading to quicker and more effective problem solving. I think an MBA is a worthwhile investment for any legal professional."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Employees make big bucks from share sales in sunrise sectorsYou are here: Home > Collections
Employees make big bucks from share sales as HNIs hunt for sunrise sectors
Prashant Mahesh, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 12.30PM IST
(With the emergence of wealth…)
MUMBAI: Big bucks from share sales are not just made in the stock market. Employees, especially those working for financial services and ecommerce companies, have started making a killing though their companies are not yet listed.
In the past few months, shares of some of India Inc's biggest financial services firms have changed hands in off-market deals as high net worth individuals and brokers chase investment opportunities in companies with a high probability of listing within the next three years.
Traditionally, an employee or a small shareholder of an unlisted company had limited options in case of an exit. They could wait for an IPO or sell it back to the management in case there was a buyback arrangement.
With the emergence of wealth management firms and the rise in the number of high net worth individuals, these options have increased. The trend, which began with financial services companies, is now extending to ecommerce firms such as Snapdeal.
"In the unlisted space, there's a huge appetite among HNIs to own firms that are not represented in the listed space," says Rajesh Cheruvu, chief investment officer, RBS Private Banking.
HNIs Hunting in Sunrise Sectors
Anshu Kapoor, head of private wealth management at Edelweiss Capital, says many HNI family offices are scouting for opportunities in sunrise sectors such as mobile applications, healthcare and telecom.
A look at some recent deals shows employees and other residual shareholders of financial services companies to be among the big beneficiaries. For instance, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance had offered Esops in various tranches of Rs 30, Rs 42, Rs 70 and Rs 130 in 2005-09. These shares have now changed hands at Rs 210-225 giving a 300% return to the selling employees.
Shares of Kolhapur-based Ratnakar Bank were recently sold at Rs 170, a 209% gain for employees who bought at Rs 52-55. In March, private equity fund CDC acquired a 4.8% stake in the lender at Rs 128.1 a share, valuing the bank at Rs 3,500 crore. That's risen to Rs 4,625 crore based on the latest transactions. Employees of HDFC Standard Life exercised their Esops at Rs 28.36 apiece in March 2012 and Rs 27.37 in March 2014.
Shares have been bought recently for Rs 140, a 393% return. In UTI Mutual Fund, the weighted average exercise price of Esops issued in 2007 and vested in 2012-13 is Rs 206 while the shares currently trade at Rs 300, giving investors a 46% appreciation.
  Some transactions are also believed to have taken place in the booming ecommerce sector with past employees of firms such as Snapdeal among the sellers. Transactions have been few and details about price and valuation could not be ascertained. Unlike listed stocks, the unlisted space has few brokers and trades are made through known sources.
Often, a broker accumulates small lots of shares from employees who have earned them as Esops, or from investors who have bought earlier and are looking for an exit. Once the broker has a sizeable chunk of shares, typically worth more than Rs 1 crore, it's offered to HNIs. The biggest deterrent in the case of unlisted shares, when compared with listed ones, is the tax treatment, say experts. "The tax treatment of unlisted stocks is unfavourable compared with listed stocks," says Sandeep Ginodia, director, Sapphire Wealth Management Systems.
Investments routed through the stock exchange and held for more than a year qualify for zero long-term capital gains tax. However, taxation is different for unlisted shares: you have to pay shortterm capital gains tax of 30% if you sell before three years and long-term capital gains tax of 10% or 20% with indexation if you sell them after three years.
Also, as per regulatory guidelines, preissue capital will be locked for one year from the date of a public issue. That means investors can sell only a year after the public issue. Also, an employee who acquires an Esop pays a perquisite tax which is the difference between the fair market value (FMV) of the shares on the date of exercise of the option and the price paid by the employee.
Since these companies are unlisted, very little financial information is available. Also, because there's no formal platform to trade these shares, the demand-supply situation varies and the price at which deals are struck could be a function of the quantity, demand-supply situation and the sentiment prevailing in the secondary markets.
Unlike listed shares, where a holder can exit through the stock exchange, liquidity is poor in unlisted companies. You would have to look for an IPO or another buyer. Brokers advise investors to be careful about promoter pedigree and management as there have been several instances in the past when companies offloaded shares to investors and simply disappeared.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Premjis Family Office invests in DataStaxUpdated: September 7, 2014 00:17 IST
Premji’s Family Office invests in DataStax
Special Correspondent
PremjiInvest, the Fmily Office of Wipro’s chairman Azim Premji, along with other investors, has invested in database management company DataStax Inc. The quantum of the investment was not disclosed.
The company has secured $106 million in Series E financing.
In a statement, the company said the latest round was led by new investor Kleiner Perkins Caufield and Byers. Additional new investors include ClearBridge, Cross Creek, Wasatch, PremjiInvest and Comcast Ventures, it said.
All existing investors, including Lightspeed Venture Partners and Scale Venture Partners, participated in the funding round.
DataStax’s software helps companies deal with the vast amount of data scattered around the Internet. 
With the latest funding, DataStax’s has raised total funding of $190 million till date.
“Demand for DataStax is strong and accelerating as companies are realising that in today’s world you either make data the centre of your business or fall far behind your competitors who do so,” said Billy Bosworth, CEO of DataStax.

Bill to Check Wilful Loan Defaults Likely in Winter Session: ReportWhy Apple May Have Missed an Opportunity With its New Watch
New Delhi:
Seeking to deal firmly with wilful defaults in payment of bank loans like Kingfisher, government is planning to come out with a separate bill on the issue in the next session of Parliament.
"The Finance Ministry is working on draft Bill on wilful defaulters with penal provisions and it is making efforts to table it in the Winter session," sources said.
Stringent action against the wilful defaulters in terms of attachment of properties under Sarfaesi Act (Securitization and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interest Act), change in management and other legal action against the promoters are being considered to be included in the draft bill, sources added.
In order to prepare the draft Bill, the Department of Financial Services has set up a panel for suggesting changes in the existing laws to make debt recovery more effective and frame a statute with harsh penal provisions for wilful defaulters.
The members of the panel entrusted to revisit existing debt recovery laws include Former law Secretary V K Bhasin, representatives of DRT, RBI, IBA and bar associations.
The panel was set up to plug the loopholes in the current legal framework for debt recovery.
The committee constituted would suggest amendments in Sarfaesi Act and RDDB Act (Recovery of Debts Due to Banks and Financial Institutions).
Recently, United Bank of India declared Kingfisher Airlines, its promoter Vijay Mallya and three other directors as wilful defaulter citing alleged diversion of funds. IDBI Bank is also considering similar action and is serving out a 15-day notice period on non-payment of dues.
Noting that the rising Non Performing Assets (NPAs) of public sector banks is a matter of concern for the government, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in the Budget speech had announced setting up of six new Debt Recovery Tribunals at Chandigarh, Bengaluru, Ernakulum, Dehradun, Siliguri and Hyderabad.
"Government will work out effective means for revival of other stressed assets," he had said.
There are over 40,000 cases worth Rs 1.73 lakh crore pending before various courts and Debt Recovery Tribunals. In March 2014, the Gross non-performing assets (GNPAs) in banking system gone up 4.4 per cent from 3.8 per cent of the total assets in the previous fiscal.
The Gross NPA of public sector banks jumped by 39 per cent to Rs 2.16 lakh crore at the end of March 2014 from Rs 1.55 lakh crore in the previous fiscal.
However, Gross NPA in case of private sector banks rose 13.76 per cent to Rs 22,744 crore as compared to Rs 19,992 crore at the end of March 2013.
During 2013-14, public sector banks recovered Rs 33,486 crore against the written-off amount of Rs 34,620 crore
Story first published on: September 07, 2014 15:41 (IST)

Health Insurance Payment via Credit Card: Few Things to KnowPF Portability May Be Launched This Month
Health insurance is critical for everyone. Unlike before, when you had to make payment for your health insurance in cash or via cheque, insurers nowadays accept credit card payments towards the premiums.
With the widespread use of plastic money, this form of payment is, in fact, becoming more and more popular. But how sensible is it to purchase your health insurance through a credit card? What are the benefits and drawbacks? Let's find out:
Why pay for health insurance via credit card
The biggest advantage while making your premium payment through credit cards is that your bank balance will not go down immediately. That is, you can delay the outflow of cash from your account. You can also earn points on your credit card for this expense.
If you have taken a substantial health cover, your premiums also will be high. This means that you can earn a higher number of reward points for your purchase. But should you opt for a credit card payment simply because you can delay the cash outflow and earn points? It can be quite disastrous if you are not careful with your credit card.
Now, explained below are a few things that can go wrong when you go for the credit card option:
Auto-mode: First, you will need to ensure that the payment is not in the 'auto-pay' mode. Most insurance companies ask you if you wish to automate your health premium payments every year. If you choose 'yes', the amount is deducted from your credit card account each year. Although this looks like a good way to avoid missing deadlines, it is better not to opt for this.
If you are unhappy with the health insurer's services, you can port your policy to another insurer. Automating premium payments through credit cards can make the process complicated if you want to shift your health provider. Also, sometimes, premiums are increased without informing the policy holder and the increased amount is debited from your credit card account.
Sharing your credit card details with the insurer and authorising a third party to debit your credit card account is not advisable under any circumstance. And that is why this should be avoided.
Additional charges: When you make your purchase through a credit card, you will be charged an extra fee over and above your premium amount. This may either be a percentage of your premium amount or a flat fee. The amount of fee charged varies from one service provider to another. Nevertheless, all credit card payments entail a transaction fee.
This is because the health insurance company will in turn have to pay the credit card company. This extra fee you pay may look like a small amount. But why pay extra when you can opt for other payment methods which do not carry any extra fee?
Missing deadlines: In case of any other credit card payment, if you do not pay your credit card dues on time, you will end up paying a hefty interest rate. In addition to this, you will be charged a late payment fee as well in case of health insurance premium payment. The amount you end up paying extra will be much more than what you think you are saving by opting for this payment mode.
If you think you will not be able to pay the premium amount on your credit card in lump sum and want to opt for the EMI payment option: think twice. Such EMI schemes have an inbuilt component of interest and you may end up paying much more than your premium amount. Therefore, this should also be avoided.
CONCLUSION
Whether or not you should purchase health insurance through credit cards depend on how financially disciplined you are. If you are careful in using your card(s) and are prompt in your payments, you can use it for health insurance. Otherwise, it is better to stick to conventional payment systems like cash or cheque.
BankBazaar.com is an online loan marketplace.
Disclaimer: All information in this article has been provided by BankBazaar.com and NDTV Profit is not responsible for the accuracy and completeness of the same.
Story first published on: September 06, 2014 17:02 (IST)

At Goldman Sachs  even legal fees are differentSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Silicon Valley builds up in Microsoft s backyardSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Diageo  United Spirits chart 14 power brands  strategyRaghuvir Badrinath |  Bangalore Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 12:50 AM IST
Diageo, United Spirits chart 14 power brands' strategy
The much anticipated three-year schedule on how Diageo will sharpen United Spirits' operations, along with that of its own brands, is coming through.
The much anticipated three-year schedule on how Diageo will sharpen United Spirits' operations, along with that of its own brands, is coming through.
The newly constituted board of directors at USL is understood to have given the go-ahead for focus on a 14 power brands strategy, drawing from USL and Diageo's brands in India.
This is a far cry from a portfolio which spanned 140 brands which USL straddled, prior to Diageo coming on board as a majority 54 per cent stake holder, after paying Rs 18,500 crore. According to various senior UB Group officials, the strategy of 14 power brands' focus is expected to be rolled out soon. It will be presented to Diageo's global executive committee, expected to meet in India at the end of this month.
It appears the revamped focus is expected to draw on the three main brands of Diageo - Johnnie Walker, VAT 69 and Smirnoff, besides the known USL whisky, rum, brandy and vodka variants from the McDowell No 1 family, Royal Challenge, Antiquity, Bagpiper, Director's Special Whisky and Black Dog scotch whisky, among others (see list).
This is part of Diageo's spelt out strategy that they will drive the premiumisation agenda at USL, which has itself been at this for five-odd years. The Prestige and above segment has been growing at 21 per cent during the past year.
"Though USL has as much as a dozen key umbrella brands, there are 140 trademarks for various of those brands which encompass the family of spirits across USL operations. Over the next three years, Diageo-USL will add intense focus on the 14-power brands," a senior UB Group official told Business Standard.
DIAGEO-USL PROBABLE 14 POWER BRANDS
DIAGEO BRANDS
Johnnie Walker scotch whisky- world’s largest selling scotch at 19.2 million cases
Smirnoff vodka - world’s largest selling vodka at close to 26 million cases
VAT 69 - Value scotch (bottled in India)
Black & White - Regular scotch
Black Dog scotch- world’s fastest growing scotch - (bottled in India)
Premium whisky - McDowell Signature

Servicing customer service needsIndira Kannan |  Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 12:48 AM IST
Servicing customer service needs
Helpshift, which provides an in-app customer service platform to companies, is trying to dominate the segment
Wherever there are apps, one finds at least a few confused users. And, wherever there are confused users without ready help, there are customer exits and 'abandoned carts', or unfinished transactions that prove detrimental to mobile service providers.
To address this and provide companies an in-app customer service platform, Abinash Tripathy and Baishampayan Ghose founded Helpshift. Through this platform, companies can communicate with customers while they use the apps, instead of users having to go online to chat or search for a number to call.
In June, the two-year-old start-up, headquartered in California's Silicon Valley, raised $10 million in series-A funding. So far, it has raised a total of $13.2 million from four investors.
The start-up's presence is the strongest in the mobile gaming sector. Tripathy, also Helpshift's chief executive, says currently, this segment accounts for about four-fifths of the $28-billion app economy. Helpshift's clients include gaming giants such as Supercell, Glu and Rovio and the company claims it is ahead of more established customer relationship management, or CRM, companies in this vertical. "When we launched, only traditional CRM products such as Salesforce, Oracle and Zendesk were sold to these companies. A year after our launch, we've pretty much managed to displace all these large incumbents from gaming companies," he says.
For Helpshift, another focus area is the global mobile commerce market, expected to hit $1 trillion in four-five years.
The company's operations are split between Silicon Valley and Pune. In the US, there are about 15 workers who manage sales and distribution, while Pune hosts a 40-strong technology development team, led by Ghose, the company's chief technology officer.
About 60 per cent of Helpshift's clients are in the US. India is a small, albeit rapidly growing market. Helpshift says virtually all the major companies that offer apps, such as Flipkart and The Times of India Group, are clients. "We don't even have a sales team in India. So, it's happening organically," Tripathy says, adding the Indian market is still a year away from maturing.
Helpshift charges its customers according to the number of monthly active users for a particular app. For companies like Supercell, makers of games such as Clash of Clans and Hay Day, this number could be as high as 100 million. Tripathy estimates his company serves about two and a half billion sessions every month for a big gaming firm such as Supercell.
The start-up is in the "early million-dollar range" of annual recurring revenue, according to Tripathy. He says the company isn't focused on becoming profitable right away, pointing to Salesforce not yet recording a profit despite growing to a $5-billion company in the past decade and a half. "I'm not saying this in a negative way; the reason is basically, they reinvested every dollar they earned to build this massive monopoly. That's how Valley companies operate - they just dominate the entire market so there's no room for a No. 2. That's pretty much our model," the Helpshift founder says.
In 2010, Tripathy and Ghose set up a lab company in Pune to build a core tech team. The former had exited his previous start-up, Zimbra, which was acquired by Yahoo for $350 million, and capitalised the new venture for two years. In 2012, the company raised $3.2 million in seed funding from Silicon Valley. "We love Helpshift not only because of its strong founding team, but also because…we see a green field opportunity in native mobile app customer support," wrote Phil Black, a founder of initial investor, True Ventures, in 2012.
Experts caution focusing solely on mobile users has risks. "You might be coming from mobile; you might be calling; you might be going to my website or Facebook or Twitter. An organisation needs to have that contact across different touch points," says Praveen Sengar, principal research analyst for CRM at research firm Gartner.
EXPERT TAKE: Esteban Kolsky
The CRM market is moving from a deep focus on customer service, marketing and sales as separate transactions to bringing these together as integrated transactions.
The second part of the transformation is the type of applications emerging with the cloud. One of the biggest changes the cloud brings is you can have single-function services that provide valuable functionality but are not part of a larger solution or application. Helpshift is an example; it has a single functionality for customer service that isn’t part of a larger suite, but delivers great value to customers.
It has a significant number of customers, good revenue. And, it has secured good funding. It bridges the gap between the mobile world and the traditional CRM function of customer service.
When you look at the technology behind it, it’s far ahead of other MDM (mobile device management) developers. When it started, there was no one else doing it.
For any small vendor, the primary challenge is a large vendor could decide what they’re doing is easy to replicate and compete with them directly. But Helpshift has some features that aren’t easy to replicate without the underlying technology.
The main opportunity is to stick to the explosive growth of mobile devices and support these. That’s a humongous market to be addressed.
Esteban Kolsky is an independent CRM analyst based in the San Francisco Bay Area and an advisor to Helpshift
Kate Leggett, vice-president and principal analyst for CRM at Forrester Research, adds: "There is the challenge of offering a complete solution. Customer service solutions are packed with features and functions which start-ups will take time to match. Third, there is a need to support cross-device and cross-channel conversations while passing context, which is not trivial to solve."
Both analysts note most CRM vendors have mobile offerings.
Tripathy sees his company's main challenges as two-fold - to defend against established companies such as Salesforce and Zendesk, both of which have tried to acquire it, as well as nimble start-ups such as itself.
"I'm not worried about these big web companies because they're so stuck in the web era. What I worry about is the little start-up which can outrun us," says Tripathy.
FACT BOX
Business: In-app mobile customer support platform
Founders: Abinash Tripathy (CEO); Baishampayan Ghose (CTO)
Offices : San Francisco, Pune
Breakeven : Rs 10 crore per annum
Funding : $3.2 million seed funding in 2012; $10 million Series A funding in 2014
Investors: True Ventures, Nexus Venture Partners, Intel Capital, Visionnaire Ventures
 Advertisements

Sensex  Nifty Hit New Record; Rupee at Over Five-Week HighSensex, Nifty Fall Sharply As Fed Jitters Hit Global Markets Again
The BSE Sensex surged over 200 points to hit a new record-high above 22,225, while the 50-share Nifty rose over 55 points to another all-time high of 8,143 on Monday. The rupee traded at a five-week high of 60.21 per dollar. ( Read the full story here )
Weaker-than-anticipated jobs data in the US pressured the dollar and aided rupee and stocks. On Friday, data showed US employers added the fewest jobs in eight months, eroding confidence in the economy and reviving bets that the Federal Reserve might leave interest rates near zero for longer than anticipated.
Analysts expect foreign investors to continue investing in emerging markets. On Friday, foreign institutional investors bought cash shares worth Rs 310 crore. Year-to-date, FIIs have bought over $12 billion of equities.
The rebound in the domestic economy is also aiding sentiments, analysts say. According to, Chetan Ahya of Morgan Stanley the new government's effort to implement policy actions will improve the growth mix. The investment bank has raised its FY15 GDP estimates from 5.4 per cent to 5.7 per cent.
Rakesh Arora of Macquarie says the fall in crude prices, which are now at a 16-month low is meaningful to support valuation.
Energy stocks were the biggest gainers today, tracking the weakness in crude. On the Nifty, state-run ONGC and Gail India traded 1.7 per cent and 1.3 per cent higher. Vedanta controlled Cairn India shares also traded with over 1 per cent gains.
Defensive stocks such as FMCG and consumer durables also saw buying interest. IT stocks gained despite the strength in the rupee.
46 stocks traded higher on the Nifty. Realty major DLF, down 2 per cent, and state-run NMDC, down 1.2 per cent, were the big Nifty losers.
Jaiprakash Associates traded 1 per cent higher after falling over 30 per cent in last four trading sessions. ( Read the full story here )
As of 09.35 a.m., the Sensex traded 171 points higher at 27,198, while the Nifty was up 45 points at 8,132.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 09:55 (IST)

Vijay Mallya: The  defaulterState Bank of India too timid to act against Vijay Mallya, the 'defaulter'?
The Financial Express | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 08 2014, 12:43  IST
Sep 08 2014, 12:43  IST
 

Bharti Airtel divests African telecom tower assets to Eaton TowersSouth Asians face an increasingly hostile climate in US: Report
Thirteen years after the tragic events of 9/11, South Asians in particular Muslim, Sikh, Hindu and t...

Punj Lloyd bags Rs 3 515-cr tank farm order from Petronas groupHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Punj Lloyd bags Rs 3,515-cr tank farm order from Petronas group
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 8:  
Punj Lloyd said that it has secured a Rs 3,515-crore ($581-million) RAPID (refinery and petrochemical integrated development) tank farm order from PRPC Refinery and Cracker Sdn. Bhd., a subsidiary of Petroliam Nasional Berhad (Petronas) group, Malaysia.
The tank farm is part of Petronas' RAPID project in Pengerang, Johor, Malaysia.
Developed over 6,242 acres, the project is part of Petronas’ Pengerang Integrated Complex (PIC) development.
Punj Lloyd’s work includes project management, besides procurement, construction and commissioning.
The project requires expertise in the construction of different types of tanks, including storage tanks, LPG tanks, mounded bullets, light cracked naphtha storage, transfer pumps and additive packages, Punj Lloyd said in a statement.
“Punj Lloyd is privileged to be part of PIC’s critical milestone requirements. Our expertise in tankage is recognised globally with our greatest advantage being our in-house engineering skill and extensive project experience of large-scale tank projects,” said J.P. Chalasani, Managing Director and Group CEO, Punj Lloyd.
PIC forms part of the Johor State’s Pengerang Integrated Petroleum Complex (PIPC), which is under Malaysia’s economic transformation programme (ETP) to establish new engines of growth for Malaysia, while meeting future energy requirement and strengthening Petronas' position as a key player in the Asian chemicals market.
PIC involves an investment of $ 27 billion and is poised for its refinery start-up by early 2019, Punj Lloyd added.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Punjab village depends on Haryana for waterThe villagers purchase drinking water from the nearby village of Desu Malkana in Haryana. (Express photo by Gurmeet Singh)
Written by Raakhi Jagga | Phullokhari (talwandi Sabo) | Posted: September 8, 2014 11:38 am
The Assembly elections may be over, but not the miseries of Phullokhari, a village in Talwandi Sabo district bordering Haryana.
Apart from suffering the noise and air pollution from the Bathinda refinery nearby, the villagers have no drinking water supply for the past six months.
The only RO installed in this village is faulty, and the villagers have no option but to purchase drinking water from the nearby village of Desu Malkana in Haryana.
Baldev Singh, chairman of an action committee formed by the villagers, said, “Our ground water is not fit for drinking. We get water from Bhakra canal, which flows from Desu Malkana village, but there is no direct pipeline from the canal to our village. The whole village of 400 houses has to buy the water. A water tanker service brings the water from Bhakra canal and charge Rs 400 for 1,000 litre. We get water twice a month.”
Nazam Singh, another villager, said, “If we travel 5 km to the canal, we can get free water. But how much water can we carry? The water tankers come and fill underground tanks in our houses, where we have installed hand pumps. The Punjab government needs to realise that we are deprived of a basic amenity.”
The village at the tail end of Punjab does not get adequate water for irrigation either, said Banta Singh, panch of the village panchayat.
The village has formed a five-member action committee which wrote to the DC of Bathinda that their pollution and water-related problems should be resolved, or they should be shifted.
Makhan Singh, another villager, said, “More than 50 per cent of us are ready to shift, just like the adjoining village of Kanakwal, because we are fed up with the noise and air pollution from the refinery. Above all, there is no drinking water supply.”
The refinery in Bathinda is closed these days because of repair work, but the villagers are apprehensive that it will soon start functioning again.
They said that Jeet Mohinder Sindhu, who won the recent Assembly bypolls, should remember his promises and return to Phullokhari. After the polls, however, Sindhu has been inaccessible.
Sources from the water works and irrigation department said that as the village is at the tail end of the state, its problems are genuine.
The village gets water from Phullo minor, which is in bad shape, said Dalbir Singh, executive engineer in the irrigation department. He said that a project worth Rs 1 crore has been passed for the village, but the funds are yet to be released.

Gender disparity a hindrance in achieving goal of 100% literacyPrint
(Source: UNESCO)
Written by Aditi Malewar | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 11:33 am | Updated: September 8, 2014 3:08 pm
World celebrates the International Literacy Day on September 8. UNESCO marks this day with an aim to celebrate the achievements in the field of education and to focus on its future projects.
On this day in 2014, India is one of the countries with the highest adult illiteracy rate, according to the current Education for All (EFA) Global Monitoring Report.
ALSO READ: Slow increase in female literacy rate a concern
In India there are various factors influencing the literacy/illiteracy rates. From immortality rate to gender inequality all play a vital role in determining the country’s literacy rates. The literacy rate in turn influences the employment rate and the GNP (Gross National Product).
Primary education, though increasing over the years, has improved. According to the EFA report of 2014, as of 2005-2011 the youth literacy rate (81%) in India is higher than the adult literacy rate (63%).
The increase in youth literacy rate from 62% (1985-1994) to 81% (2005-2011) just makes it hopeful for the EFA to achieve its target of 90% literacy among the youth by 2015.
According to the Census 2011, India registered a literacy rate of 72.99%. See the infographic below:
Literacy rate (7+yrs) | Create Infographics
In the Union Budget 2014-15, the Narendra Modi government allocated Rs. 28635 crore and Rs. 4966 crore to Sarv Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) and Rashtriya madhyamic Shiksha Abhiyan (RMSA) respectively. The funds would help elevating the education sector and in turn increasing employment and decreasing poverty.
However, the gender disparity in India is proving to be a hindrance in achieving the overall goal of 100% literacy.  According to 2011 census the overall male literacy in India was 80.89%, whereas women literacy rate was just 64.64%.

Sensex  Nifty continue to rally; M&M  Tata Power dragSep 08, 2014, 12.11 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty continue to rally; M&M, Tata Power drag
ONGC, Hindalco, HUL, Bajaj Auto and Sun Pharma are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Maruti, Tata Power, M&M and Tata Motors.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty continue to rally; M&M, Tata Power drag
ONGC, Hindalco, HUL, Bajaj Auto and Sun Pharma are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Maruti, Tata Power, M&M and Tata Motors.
Post your opinion here
11:11
Moneycontrol Bureau
11:45 am Buzzing:  Investors continued to buy shares of Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation (DFPCL) after its subsidiary formed joint venture for mining services in Australia. The stock gained as much as 4 percent intraday.
"Smartchem Technologies (STL), a subsidiary of DFPCL, as a part of its forward integration initiative, announced the launch of its overseas venture for Mining Services in Brisbane, Australia," said India’s leading manufacturer of mining chemicals.
STL has set up Platinum Blasting Services Pty Ltd (Platinum), a joint venture with local Australian partners, who have vast experience in providing value added blasting services and operation expertise to the mining and explosives industries in Australia.
According to the press statement, STL will hold 65 percent while the local partners will hold 35 percent in the joint venture.
11:30 am Market outlook: The stellar run of Indian indices is likely to continue, believes Gautam Shah, associate director and technical analyst, JM Financial. In an interview to CNBC-TV18 he says this bull market is here to stay and we are still in the first leg. For September, 7850 seems to be the new base for the Nifty, but it could hit 10,700 by December 2015, he adds. He expects Nifty to find minor resistance at 8,250.
Going ahead, Nifty’s upmove will be led by Bank Nifty, which may hit 18,700-19,000 levels in the near-term. He sees 15,300-15,500 as support levels for the banking index. Shah recommends retail investors to bet on midcap stocks via mutual funds because the space is moving with good momentum. On specific stocks, he is positive on oil and gas major ONGC.
Don't miss: ONGC, OIL surge 3-4%; BoA ML upgrades on oil reforms hopes
Uptrend in the market continues with strong support from infra, oil & gas, metals and IT stocks. The Sensex is up 206.64 points or 0.76 percent at 27233.34 and the Nifty is up 55.95 points or 0.69 percent at 8142.80. About 1758 shares have advanced, 696 shares declined, and 79 shares are unchanged. 
ONGC, Hindalco, HUL, Bajaj Auto and Sun Pharma are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Maruti, Tata Power, M&M and Tata Motors.
Goldman Sachs has raised Nifty's target to 9,000 points for September 2015. Its previous target was 8,600 points for June 2015. Goldman says earnings sentiment remains positive for the overall market.
The Reserve Bank of India was seen buying dollars via state-run banks to prevent further appreciation in the rupee. State-run banks started buying dollars aggressively likely on behalf of the central bank when the rupee hit around 60.20 levels, the strongest since July 30, traders said. The rupee strengthened after U.S. monthly jobs data on Friday was weaker than expected.
 

Bharti Airtel divests African telecom tower assets to EatonSep 08, 2014, 01.48 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Bharti Airtel divests African telecom tower assets to Eaton
While the management has not made comments indicating the valuations of the deal, as per media speculation, it could be in the range of USD 800 million to USD 1 billion.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bharti Airtel divests African telecom tower assets to Eaton
While the management has not made comments indicating the valuations of the deal, as per media speculation, it could be in the range of USD 800 million to USD 1 billion.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Bharti Airtel  on Monday said it has sold its African telecom tower assets to Eaton Towers. The Indian telecom major has signed a 10-year contract to sell and lease back over 3500 towers to Eaton in six countries.
Under the sell and lease back, Bharti will rent back these towers from Eaton for its own operations. The company will get a lumpsum amount for the outright sell of towers, but every quarter it will have to pay some rental amount, which could eat into its EBITDA.
The company said the pact will enable Airtel to focus on its core business and customers, enable it to deleverage through debt reduction, and will significantly reduce its on-going capital expenditure on passive infrastructure.
While the management has not made comments indicating the valuations of the deal, as per media speculation, it could be in the range of USD 800 million to USD 1 billion. Eaton Towers was advised by Moelis & Co.
Overall the news is positive for Bharti Airtel, with the stock gaining around 1.5 percent in the morning trade.
“The agreement with Eaton Towers is an extension of this philosophy and will lead to far superior utilisation of passive infrastructure and help drive the proliferation of affordable mobile services across Africa,” Bharti Airtel International Netherlands BV Chairman Manoj Kohli said in a statement.
For Eaton Towers, it is a transformational deal, which gives it the most diversified tower portfolio across Africa. “We are proud to be chosen by Airtel as their key partner in these 6 countries,” said Eaton Towers CEO Alan Harper.
The agreements are subject to statutory and regulatory approvals in the respective countries, the statement added.
Airtel had in July sold 3,100 telecom towers in four African countries to Helios Towers Africa for an undisclosed sum. The net debt of the company at the end of June 2014 stood at Rs 57,744.3 crore.
Airtel had entered the African market in 2010 after acquiring Zain Telecom for about USD 10.7 billion. The company now offers services in 17 African countries but is yet to turn profitable. The net loss before exceptional items for Africa during the first quarter of current fiscal stood at USD 137 million.
Airtel Africa witnessed 10 percent growth in total revenues to USD 1,164 million for the reported quarter.
Bharti Airtel stock price
On September 10, 2014, Bharti Airtel closed at Rs 407.10, up Rs 1.05, or 0.26 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 411.60 and the 52-week low was Rs 282.10.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 19.52 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 20.86. The latest book value of the company is Rs 166.93 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.44.
RELATED NEWS

Harvard receives largest-ever gift  $350 mn for public healthHarvard receives largest-ever gift, $350 mn for public health
Reuters
Tweet
New York, Sept 8:  
Harvard University has received the largest donation in its history, the school announced on Monday: $350 million from the Morningside Foundation to the School of Public Health.
The donation is unrestricted, and will support efforts including increased financial aid for students, loan forgiveness for graduates who work in underserved areas, new classrooms and seed money for pathbreaking research too novel to win support from other funders.
In particular, said the school's dean, Julio Frenk, the Morningside gift will support research and training in four areas: pandemics ranging from malaria and Ebola to obesity and cancer; environmental health risks, including pollution, guns, and tobacco; poverty and humanitarian crises, including war and natural disasters; and failing health systems.
The Morningside Foundation was established in 1996 by Drs. Ronnie and Gerald Chan to support higher education in North America and Asia. Their father, T.H. Chan, founded the Hang Lung Group Ltd, one of Hong Kong's largest real estate companies.
After Chan's death in 1986, his sons started the Morningside Group, which makes private equity and venture capital investments in biotech and other science- and technology-based companies, especially in China and the United States. The brothers rank 17th on Forbes' 2014 list of Hong Kong's richest people with a combined net worth of $2.95 billion.
The previous record gift to Harvard, announced earlier this year, was $150 million from hedge fund manager and alumnus Kenneth Griffin, most of it for financial aid. The largest cumulative donation to any U.S. university, unadjusted for inflation, is $1.1 billion over many years from former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg, founder of Bloomberg LP, to his alma mater Johns Hopkins University, including its now-eponymous School of Public Health.
In an interview, Gerald Chan called his days as a student at the Harvard School of Public Health "transformative," a time when he learned that "science can be put into action for the improvement of human health."
Research at the school has led to the Designated Driver Campaign to prevent drunk driving; stricter Clean Air Act regulations; and bans on trans-fats after studies showed they increase the risk of heart disease.
The 101-year-old school, with just over 400 faculty and 1,000 full-time students, will be renamed the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health. His father, Chan said, "wanted to support scientific research to alleviate human suffering."
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Sensex surges 199 points; oil & gas  FMCG stocks steal the showSensex surges 293 points on FII inflows; oil & gas, FMCG stocks steal the show
Our Bureau/Agencies
Investors await key macroeconomic data to be released this week
Mumbai, Sept 8:  
The Sensex and the Nifty surged nearly 1.08 per cent at the closing session on Monday on heavy capital inflows anticipating improvement in key macroeconomic indicators - inflation, forex reserves and industrial production to be announced this week.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex surged 293.15 points to end at 27,319.85 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty gained 87.05 points to close at 8,173.90.
Rajesh Agarwal, Head-Research, Eastern Financiers, said in a report: "The markets will take cues from important macroeconomic data that would be announced during the week such as inflation, forex reserves and industrial production growth. As revealed by last week’s FII robust net investment data, the markets are seeing bullish undercurrent and we do not expect to see any substantial correction during the week. Overall, we expect markets to continue their general up-move with intermittent profit-booking."
Barring consumer durables, all other BSE sectoral indices ended in the green. Among them, oil & gas index gained the most by 1.79 per cent, followed by FMCG 1.4 per cent, capital goods 1.29 per cent and metal 1.25 per cent. Only consumer durables index was down 0.22 per cent.
Hindalco, ONGC, SBIN, Wipro and HUL were the major Sensex gainers, while NTPC, M&M, Tata Power and BHEL were the only losers among 30-share Sensex constituents.
European stocks fell as investors weighed equity valuations after the Stoxx Europe 600 Index completed its fourth weekly rally, while UK banks retreated on concerns that Scotland will vote for independence.
The Stoxx 600 retreated 0.7 per cent to 345.23 at 10.01 a.m. in London.
Most Asian stocks rose as investors weighed data showing Chinese exports rose more than analysts projected last month, while imports unexpectedly fell.
The MSCI Asia Pacific Index was up 0.1 per cent at 148.54 as of 2.10 p.m. in Hong Kong.
A plunge in sterling after a poll showed rising support for Scottish independence helped bolster the dollar.
Sterling plummeted 0.8 per cent to $1.6207 after sliding as low as $1.6165 in early trade, the lowest since last November and the biggest daily drop in eight months, after a poll showed the "yes" to Scottish independence campaign on 51 percent against 49 percent for the "no" camp.
Data on Friday showed US non-farm payrolls grew by only 142,000 last month, far below the 225,000 forecast by analysts in a Reuters poll.
The downbeat jobs report suggested the Federal Reserve will hold off on hiking interest rates anytime soon, and helped the S&P 500 hit a fresh closing high.
Data released before Tokyo opened showed Japan's economy shrank an annualised 7.1 per cent in April-June from the previous quarter, revised down from a preliminary 6.8 per cent contraction due to weaker-than-expected capital spending.
Later in the day, investors await Chinese trade data for August, and will be scanning the report for any signs of weakness after a spate of recent data raised concerns about the impact of a cooling property sector.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Dalits face boycott after landlords announce fine on those hiring themPrint
Written by Raakhi Jagga | Sangrur | Posted: September 8, 2014 11:53 am
Punjab Scheduled Castes Commission member Dilip Singh Pandhi will on Monday visit Namol village in Sangrur, where trouble is brewing between Dalits and other villagers.
Two days ago, the village landowners had allegedly announced that anyone who hires Dalits to work in their fields would be fined
Rs 10,000. Following the announcement on a loudspeaker, the district administration is on alert.
The bone of contention is 6.5 acres of land in the village, which is reserved for Dalits. Sanjeev Kumar Mintu, president of Krantikari Pendu Mazdoor Union, said, “The landowners want the land to be auctioned according to their will, and they want to present some dummy Dalits for the auction. The actual users will be the landowners. So they have played this game of boycott. Already one auction has been cancelled because of the controversy.”
The boycott was called off by the landowners after a meeting last night, sources said. Block development officer Charanjit Singh Walia had intervened and assured justice for Dalits.
Similar trouble was reported in Baupar village, where Dalits faced boycott over the auction of land meant for Dalits. Baladkalan village also witnessed similar controversy over 117 acres of land. There was no boycott there, but a clash took place on the day of auction on June 27.
The Zamin Prapati Sangrash Committee wants the land to be given to them after the paddy season.
They have decided to pay 40 per cent of the total amount on which the land is auctioned. However, no decision has been taken yet.

Afghan Sikhs say getting citizenship is a difficult taskPrint
Written by Anju Agnihotri Chaba | Jalandhar | Posted: September 8, 2014 11:51 am
A majority of Hindu-Sikh refugees from Afghanistan say that they have not been able to get Indian citizenship despite spending close to two decades here. As per norms, however, they are eligible for Indian citizenship once they spend seven years in the country. The fake passport racket by Afghan refugees in India has highlighted this fact too.
Over the years, a large number of Hindu-Sikh have migrated from war-ravaged Afghanistan, where they have lived for ages, and have been living in various localities of Delhi.
“All of us have Afghan documents as identity proofs and after spending the specified time limit we applied for Indian citizenship which the government could have provided after proper investigation but till date, majority of us have not been issued citizenship,” said one such migrant Guldeep Singh, a relative of one the Afghan refugees arrested in the fake passport case.
Another migrant M S Arora, who lives in Delhi, said that there were a large number of Afghan Sikhs have been fighting to get citizenship.
“We should not be harassed by the government as we must be granted citizenship because we don’t have any identity here,” he added.
Police sources in Nawanshahr also revealed that one of those arrested, Deep Kaur, whose original name is Mandip Kaur, had come to India in 1992 when she was just three months old and despite spending her entire life here, she was not granted Indian citizenship without which she could not apply for an Indian passport. Police said that she finally procured the passport on a fake name as she wanted to join her husband in Moscow.
As per the Indian Citizenship Act 1955,  subsequently amended, any migrant who spends over seven year in the country can be granted citizenship after proper investigation.
A senior police officer, on the condition of anonymity, admitted that it was the system which forced the refugees to seek the fake passports but added that they cannot be pardoned as it was illegal.
Police, meanwhile, named P K Jain, Manmeet Singh of Delhi, and one Harbans Singh of Nawanshahr district as those involved in getting the fake passports with connivance of police, postmen and agents.
We should not be harassed by the government as we must be granted citizenship because we don’t have any identity here.

SC asks CBI chief Ranjit Sinha to reply on visitors’ logbook at his residencePrint
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 11:45 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 2:40 am
Stating that it may scrap decisions taken by CBI director Ranjit Sinha “at a later date”, the Supreme Court on Monday asked him to reply to the “very serious averments” against him regarding the visitors’ logbook at his Delhi residence which showed frequent visits by some of the accused in the 2G and coal block cases among others.
A bench of Justices H L Dattu and S A Bobde rejected the argument by Sinha’s counsel, Vikas Singh, that filing an affidavit would mean disclosing crucial facts related to the 2G probe.
“The averments are very serious and the CBI director can’t say that even if the averments are serious he won’t file any reply… if there is derailment of investigation, this court will have to take a strong view,” said the bench, asking Singh to file the affidavit by Monday, the next date of hearing.
Reminding Sinha that it was monitoring the CBI probe in the 2G case, the court turned down his contention that some of the material could fall in the category of “privileged communication”, enjoying immunity under the Evidence Act.  Singh argued that directing the CBI director to file an affidavit on the merits of the matter — on how he arrived at decisions regarding prosecution in some cases or dropping some cases — may affect the 2G trial as well.
“You don’t worry about the trial. We are monitoring it. This court wants a very, very fair trial. Don’t forget, it was only at our instance you have taken over the investigation. On that day, we could have said that investigation would be done by so and so (some other) agency… this court may draw adverse inference too in case you decide not to file a reply,” replied the bench.
It asked him to file two separate affidavits — first, on why he should not be removed from the 2G case  and an inquiry initiated against him, and second, on the maintainability of the application by NGO CPIL, a petitioner in the 2G case, which has sought action against him in view of the disclosures in the visitors’ logbook.
Advocate Prashant Bhushan, counsel for CPIL, pleaded for an order restraining Sinha from writing anything on the files relating to the 2G case while expressing apprehension that he may be able to do something to favour the accused.
“On a day we come to the conclusion that there are writings on a later date, can we not strike it down? You don’t have to apprehend. We can do this,” the bench assured Bhushan.
“Yes, we are in a hurry to complete the 2G trial but we also want to ensure a fair trial. For this purpose, we may also ask the special judge to halt it for a week if such a need arises. Heavens won’t fall. It has gone for two-and-a-half years. It may wait for one more week,” said the bench.
The court also rejected Singh’s plea to direct Bhushan to disclose the source of the visitors’ logbook, saying it continued…

Firm told to pay in USD to settle overseas h...Pay in US Dollar to settle overseas mediclaim policy, firm told
By Jehangir B Gai, TNN | 8 Sep, 2014, 12.00PM IST
0
Share More
Bhupinder Singh Kumar, who fought out a case and got a direction from the consumer court that the claim should be settled by paying the hospital in US dollar.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
An overseas travel policy includes coverage for unexpected illness and hospitalization while travelling abroad. So hospitals treat patients and discharge them in good faith without charging money, expecting insurance companies to honour the claims. Later, when the companies refuse to settle the claims, hospitals send demand notices to patients, who by then have already returned to India. Thus, Indian insurance companies have been spoiling the country's reputation abroad, leaving consumers in an awkward situation. Here is the case of Bhupinder Singh Kumar , who fought out a case and got a direction from the consumer court that the claim should be settled by paying the hospital in US dollar .
Case Study: Kumar had obtained a Travel Super Age Lite policy from Bajaj Allianz General Insurance before travelling to America. He was charged a premium of Rs 44,090 for a policy valid from May 4 to May 26 2012.
In New York , on May 14, he developed chest pain and palpitation and was rushed to NYU Hospitals Centre . He was hospitalized overnight and discharged on May 15. The total hospital bill came to US$12,532.13. Kumar lodged a claim in which he disclosed that in about 15 years ago, he had undergone a bypass surgery in 1997 for a cardiac problem. Citing heart problem to be a pre-existing disease, the insurance company repudiated the claim.
Kumar filed a complaint before the Central Mumbai District Forum. He pointed out that after the bypass surgery, he had been leading an active and normal life. He used to periodically get himself checked up. The stress test reports prior to travelling abroad and even on returning were normal. He pointed out that a person with a heart problem would not be discharged and fit in 24 hours of hospitalization. Even the treating doctor had certified that the sudden chest pain and palpitation were not due to the earlier cardiac problem.
The insurance company was served with a notice by the forum, but did not bother to appear on two consecutive dates, so the forum decided to proceed ex parte. The insurance company then tried to contest the matter, to which permission was denied. Its appeal to the state commission against this order was also rejected. The company was allowed to argue the matter before the district forum.
The forum observed that the insurance company had failed to contest the case by producing the proposal form to substantiate its contention about pre-existing disease. Relying on a judgment of the national commission in the case of New India Assurance Co v/s Vasant Rao, the forum concluded that heart problem could not be considered to be pre-existing after a successful bypass surgery as Kumar had been leading a normal life since the past 15 years. Besides, the claim form signed by the hospital's doctor, specifically mentioned that the illness was not due to any pre-existing condition. The forum held that the repudiation was unwarranted and constituted a deficiency in service.
Accordingly, by its September 1 judgment, delivered by B S Wasekar for the bench along with H K Bhaise, the forum directed the insurance company to pay USD 12,482.13 to NYU Hospital Centre and report the compliance. It also awarded Kumar Rs 10,000 as compensation and Rs 5,000 towards costs of litigation.
Impact: Since foreign exchange rates keep on fluctuating and there could be a wide variation in the rate when the insured is hospitalized and the complaint is decided, it is preferable to make a claim in US dollars. Also, since this money is payable to the hospital and not to the insured, it is more convenient if the insurance company is directed to make payment directly to the hospital.
Since foreign exchange rates keep on fluctuating and there could be a wide variation in the rate when the insured is hospitalized and the complaint is decided, it is preferable to make a claim in US dollars.
(The author is a consumer activist and has won the government of India's national youth award for consumer protection.)

Govt hopes international infra firms to rescue highway projectsYou are here: Home > Collections > Companies
Government looking at Chinese and Malaysian infrastructure companies to rescue highway projects
Ruchika Chitravanshi, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 06.36AM IST
Tags:
Delhi-Meerut highway
(“We want to get these projects…)
NEW DELHI: India is looking at Chinese and Malaysian infrastructure companies to rescue highway projects that failed to find any takers in the country. The Nitin Gadkari-led road transport and highways ministry has initiated talks with some companies to get them to bid for projects including the eastern peripheral expressway and Delhi-Meerut highway in fresh tenders.
"We want to get these projects started.... We are trying to gauge the interest of these companies in some of these projects, so we can float a tender soon," a senior government official told ET. The official did not disclose the names of the companies, citing preliminary nature of talks. There are around seven projects worth Rs 3,400 crore that were bid out by the previous government but failed to find any takers. The ministry is of the view that speedier execution by these projects would also draw Indian players to the sector.
Close to 189 highway projects involving investments of around Rs 1,80,000 crore are stuck due to problems of land acquisition, delays in forest and environment clearances, non-transfer of defence land and hurdles in rail over bridges. Indian developers, already confronting these and being financially stretched, have remained lukewarm in response to some road project bids. The previous government could only manage to award projects for 3,169 km of the around 5,000 km of projects that went for bidding in 2013-14.
The new government, which plans to rebuild the country's creaky infrastructure, has identified road development as its key focus area. Gadkari has already held several meetings with concerned departments and ministries to push takeoff of projects.
The Cabinet recently allowed the road transport and highways ministry to amend the model concession agreement and the mode of delivery of projects according to local requirements in order to expedite construction.
The ministry is also attempting innovative methods to make projects attractive for bidders. The prime minister has set a target of awarding projects for the construction of 8,500 km of highways by the end of March 2015 as against a target of 9,638 km during 2013-14.
In order to better the chances of getting private participation, the National Highways Authority of India is breaking down the Eastern Peripheral Expressway into three projects to be bid out separately for faster execution.
Experts say this could help script a new story in the road sector development.
They say India could also benefit from the technological expertise of these companies in terms of execution and bringing down instances of road fatalities. However in order to make these projects attractive, the government would have to rework the cost of projects.
"Once the project is delayed, cost increases. These companies can partner Indian companies on a guaranteed return of investment, irrespective of the loss or profit to execute these projects," said M Murali, director-general of National Highway Builders' Federation .
FEATURED ARTICLES

CII unit to give big push to construction of green buildingsYou are here: Home > Collections > Cii
CII unit to give big push to construction of green buildings
PTI Sep 4, 2014, 11.22PM IST
Tags:
CII
(IGBC Chairman Prem C Jain…)
HYDERABAD: The Indian Green Building Council (IGBC) has set a target of constructing 10 billion sq ft of environment-friendly space in India by 2022 and will give a major push to housing for low-income group people.
IGBC Chairman Prem C Jain said currently the country houses 2.2 billion sq ft green building space and the target is to take it to 10 billion.
A major chunk of the target will be achieved through creating green residential spaces for the economically weaker section and low-income group people, he said.
"Currently, the residential space alone occupies 50 per cent of the total green buildings portfolio in India. I see a great potential in the housing segment for economically weaker and lower income groups as according to estimates around 15 million additional homes are required for this sector alone," Jain said.
He was speaking at the inaugural session of the Green Building Congress 2014 here.
The cost of constructing green buildings has come down during the past few years, he said.
GBIC, which is part of the Confederation of Indian Industry ( CII ), would soon start making school buildings green, Jain said.
He requested the corporates to adopt five schools each and convert them into green ones. "These schools will be mostly Government run or the ones in rural areas. It will take an investment of around Rs 5 lakh to Rs 15 lakh per school."
Mangu Singh , Managing Director of Delhi Metro Rail Corp Ltd, said by shifting the commuting from road transport to metro, there is a potential to eliminate 11 grams of GHG (greenhouse gas) emission per passenger, per kilometre.
Telangana IT and Panchayati Raj Minister K T Rama Rao said the state government has initiated a retro-fitting programme to make IT parks green.
The government is also planning to float tender for setting up 1,000 MW of solar power plant in Telangana, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Markets @ new peak: Opto Circuits gains over 12%; top 20 stock betsAshwani Gujral
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rallied over 300 points in trade on Monday to hit its fresh record high of 27,333.26, led by gains in ONGC, TCS, L&T, RIL and HDFC Bank.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index rallied over 80 points to hit its respective life high of 8176.70, supported by gains in banks, capital goods, pharma and power stocks.
At 15.15 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,333.26, up 306 points or 1.13 per cent. It touched a fresh record high of 27,333.32 and a low of 27,144.56 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8,178.35 up 91 points or 1.1per cent. It touched an intraday record high of 8,179.25 and a low of 8126.15.
Market highlights @ 2
- 4.27 lakh Federal Bank shares traded in a block deal at Rs 124.95, stock up 2%
- Brent Crude falls most since June 2013 currently at $100.08, down 0.73%
- Unlikely to tap capital markets in FY15 for fund raising, says SBI Chief
- Arvind Remedies up 31% in 2 trading sessions currently at Rs 64.5, up 10.63%
- Amrutanjan up 36% in 2 trading sessions currently at Rs 339.50, up 16.29%
Market highlights @ 1
- Punj Lloyd surges 10% on Rs 3,515 crore order win
- Sandeep Wagle: Cairn India is a 'buy' with a target of Rs 347 and stop loss of Rs 332
- Prakash Gaba: Biocon can climb to around 515; stop at 496
- ONGC gains 2% after Bank of America upgrade
- Tata Steel to pay Rs 193.34 crore as bonus
- Rupee up 0.44%, is Asia's best gainer over 5 days
- La Opala rallies over 5%, sets date for share split
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Arvind Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 305 and a stop loss of Rs 323
Adani Ports Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 292
Coal India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 383 and a stop loss of Rs 365
Asian Paints Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 675 and a stop loss of Rs 650
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Siemens Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 915 and a stop loss of Rs 861
Adani Enterprises Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 541 and a stop loss of Rs 505
Grasim Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3705 and a stop loss of Rs 3614
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Siemens Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 900 and a stop loss of Rs 870
Adani Ports Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 293
Grasim Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3710 and a stop loss of Rs 3610
Cairn India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 347 and a stop loss of Rs 332
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Aban Offshore Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 800 and a stop loss of Rs 756
Bajaj Auto Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2400 and a stop loss of Rs 2335
Siemens Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 900 and a stop loss of Rs 860
Kunal Saraogi, CEO, www.equityrush.com
IFCI Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 31.50 and a stop loss of Rs 33.50
IRB Infrastructure Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 285 and a stop loss of Rs 265
ONGC is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 465 and a stop loss of Rs 450
Ashish Chaturmohta, Head Technical & Derivatives Desk Research, Fortune Equity Brokers (India) Ltd
IRB Infrastructure Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 290 and a stop loss of Rs 268
Crompton Greaves Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 240 and a stop loss of Rs 217
Adani Enterprises Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 540 and a stop loss of Rs 507
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Respond to allegations of meeting accused: SC to CBI chiefNew Delhi, September 8, 2014
Updated: September 9, 2014 01:46 IST
Allegations against you are serious, SC tells CBI chief
Krishnadas Rajagopal
The Hindu CBI Director Ranjit Sinha
TOPICS
judiciary (system of justice)
"The Supreme Court wants a fair trial. If we find there was some derailment of the entire investigation, the court will take a particular view," the bench told the counsel for the CBI chief
The Supreme Court on Monday described as “serious” the allegation against Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) Director Ranjit Sinha that he frequently met accused persons in the 2G scam at his residence.
“The averments made against you are serious,” a Bench of Justices H.L. Dattu and S.A. Bobde told senior lawyer Vikas Singh, counsel for the CBI chief, while hearing advocate Prashant Bhushan’s allegations against Mr. Sinha.
The Bench said it was closely watching the agency’s investigation of the 2G scam cases and would not let anyone sabotage the criminal trial. “The Supreme Court wants a fair trial. If we find there was some derailment of the entire investigation, the court will take a particular view,” the Bench said.
Mr. Singh said Mr. Bhushan’s allegations were false and the documents he was showing were “privileged.”
He challenged Mr. Bhushan to divulge the name of the whistleblower, but Justice Dattu stopped Mr. Singh, insisting that oral submissions would not help.
The Bench gave the CBI chief a week’s time to reply to Mr. Bhushan’s affidavit.
The case has been posted for September 15.

Trilogic Digital Media: Outcome of board meetingSep 08, 2014, 12.04 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Trilogic Digital Media: Outcome of board meeting
Trilogic Digital Media has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on August 23, 2014, transacted the following business : 1. The Board has approved the resolution for increase in the authorised capital of the Company to Rs. 24 Crores subject approval of members in forthcoming Annual General Meeting.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Trilogic Digital Media: Outcome of board meeting
Trilogic Digital Media has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on August 23, 2014, transacted the following business : 1. The Board has approved the resolution for increase in the authorised capital of the Company to Rs. 24 Crores subject approval of members in forthcoming Annual General Meeting.
Post your opinion here
 
Trilogic Digital Media Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on August 23, 2014, inter alia, transacted the following business :1. The Board has approved the resolution for increase in the authorised capital of the Company to Rs. 24 Crores subject approval of members in forthcoming Annual General Meeting.2. The Board has recommended the appointment of M/s. Subramaniam Bengali Sharma and Associates; Chartered Accountant as Statutory Auditors of the Company for the financial year 2014-2015 in place of retiring auditors. M/s T. R. Chadha & Co., Chartered Accountant subject to the approval from members in the ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company.3. Appointment of Mr. Kamlesh Mohanlal Bhanushali as Managing Director of the Company.Source : BSE

Buy IRB Infrastructure  advises Hemant ThukralLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy IRB Infrastructure, advises Hemant Thukral
Hemant Thukral of Aditya Birla Money recommends buying IRB Infrastructure Developers as the stock will cross Rs 270.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Hemant Thukral of Aditya Birla Money told CNBC-TV18, "I feel  IRB Infrastructure Developers  now has the power to breakout above Rs 270. On Friday 9 percent open interest has been added in the stock and the delivery volumes have moved up in that stock. So 11.5 lakh shares were marked and if you see its last five days average it is around 8 lakh. So it has higher delivery based volumes along with open interest and higher cash volumes, I think the stock is suggesting some buying coming back in."
"I would continue to buy that stock, I would keep a stoploss of Rs 260-263 which it has been taking support around and on the higher side I would be targeting around Rs 275-280. So I do think the stock will cross Rs 270 this time," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Ess Dee Aluminium: AGM on Sept 17  2014Sep 08, 2014, 12.02 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ess Dee Aluminium: AGM on Sept 17, 2014
Ess Dee Aluminium has informed that the 10th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 17, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ess Dee Aluminium: AGM on Sept 17, 2014
Ess Dee Aluminium has informed that the 10th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 17, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Ess Dee Aluminium Ltd has informed BSE that the 10th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 17, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Nifty eyes 8 150; Oil & Gas and FMCG shares gainNifty eyes 8 150; Oil & Gas and FMCG shares gain
How internet  social media can transform the stock marketHi Guest
How internet, social media can transform the stock market
Internet technology and rapid advances in computing power have transformed financial trading radically, says Devangshu Datta Internet technology and rapid advances in computing power have transformed financial trading radically. Moore's Law observes that computing power (actually the number of transistors on an integrated circuit) doubles often and that law has held good for over 50 years. Hence, computer power has seen exponential growth over that time. Modern computers can search huge ...

Cipla gains as its arm plans to acquire two manufacturing undertakingsCipla gains as its arm plans to acquire two manufacturing undertakings
IRB Infrastructure favourite  says Sudarshan SukhaniIRB Infrastructure favourite  says Sudarshan Sukhani
Elder Pharmaceuticals to expand its footprint in dermatology segmentElder Pharmaceuticals to expand its footprint in dermatology segment
SC warns of quashing Ranjit Sinha s decisions in 2G case if allegations found trueSC warns of quashing Ranjit Sinha s decisions in 2G case if allegations found true
Strong market breadthStrong market breadth
Cipla Ltd arm to acquire 2 units for Rs. 100.93 croresCipla Ltd arm to acquire 2 units for Rs. 100.93 crores
ING Vysya Bank: Change in directorateING Vysya Bank: Change in directorate
Sentiment is everythingTweet
September 8, 2014:  
Stock market pundits attribute the rise (and fall) of the markets to sentiment. Imprecise though it is, the almost universal belief that the stock markets are driven by sentiment has served experts and lay people well.
But then what determines sentiment? Take the current Indian context. The new Government headed by Narendra Modi has everything going for it. The stock markets have zoomed. New records were set recently.
Significantly, whatever macro-economic data that have been coming in show an economy on the mend. The NDA Government cannot obviously take all the credit for the perceived revival but not many seem to be giving credit to the previous UPA Government even partially.
That alone should explain what robust sentiment means — an uncritical attribution of positive developments to the NDA Government, especially to Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Yet, one has to realise that sentiment can be ephemeral. Although it does not look like happening, investors, especially small and retail ones, should be very cautious.
Stock markets
To continue the narrative, the record-breaking performance of the Indian stock markets recently cannot be attributed to any one single factor. However, in a pecking order of possible causes, the formation of a new BJP-led NDA Government at the Centre in late May, will figure right at the top.
On September 2, the Sensex crossed the 27,000-mark for the first time, and climbed further on Wednesday. It might be a coincidence but new records were set up on a day the new Government completed 100 days and has, therefore, been taken to be the markets’ endorsement of the new rule. The Nifty had crossed the 8,000-level a day earlier on September 1. These are dizzy levels, and to probe whether the market valuations are justified or will endure, the stated causes for the phenomenal rise become important.
The new Government dominated by a single party has brought with it the promise of stability, improved governance, and economic reforms. Admittedly, it is too early to evaluate the government on these parameters. On reforms, for instance, the Government has taken steps to hike the foreign direct investment cap in the insurance sector and defence. The NDA Government deserves some more time to carry out its promises but the expectations from it have zoomed. Popular wisdom is that the stock markets reflect the mood of the economy. That need not always be true. The markets flourished even during long periods of the UPA rule, which was perceived to be inept in economic matters.
Stable rupee
However, there appears to be a stronger justification for the new Government’s claim to have reversed the overall economic sentiment, which during UPA rule was low. The financial markets are generally the first to capture the sentiment. Besides the stock indices, the rupee has remained stable, no mean feat in the light of global uncertainty and a rising dollar.
Underpinning the rupee’s stability and the markets’ rise is the continued inflow of capital from abroad. Foreign institutional investors (FII) bought Rs 78,400 crore of debt and a mind-boggling Rs 1.02-lakh crore of debt instruments in the first eight months. FII flows have helped bridge the deficit in the current account, but over-dependence on them has left the economy dangerously exposed to the vagaries of foreign capital.
Apart from destabilising the economy, a sharp reversal of FII flows, however improbable, can sink the stock markets.
In the end, a host of domestic and external factors besides the promise of the new Government are responsible for the improved sentiment in the stock markets. Gross domestic product (GDP) growth in the first quarter of 2014-15, at 5.7 per cent, exceeded all expectations. The current account deficit, considered unmanageable, has been narrowing. There is a buzz that the sovereign rating will be revised upwards, although that feeling is not shared by all the prominent rating agencies.
All these, as much as the changed political situation, have pushed up the stock indices to new record. But there are threats.
The Sensex cannot keep going on one way always. Also, while there is much that Mr Modi’s stature and early initiatives have done to boost sentiment, it is obvious that one man or a few individuals alone cannot be responsible for keeping the markets happy, and, more importantly, in spurring economic growth.
(This article first appeared in The Hindu on Sept 8.)
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Pharma slides on tax inversion fearsLast updated: August 6, 2014 10:52 pm
Pharma shares slide on fears of ‘tax inversion’ clampdown
By Andrew Ward and Arash Massoudi in London, Barney Jopson in Washington and Ed Hammond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d3c2843a-1d5c-11e4-8b03-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Financial Controller - Wealth Management£80k - £100k per annum + benefits + bonus
Further information
A renowned and highly successful Global Financial Services group seeks a Financial Controller level candidate for a newly created and career rewarding opportunity. The company are a well known and headlining firm with an impressive international footprint and operations across Investment & Private Banking, Wealth Management and Asset Management.
This role would suit someone looking for a hands on but broad Controller role with responsibilities as follows:
Monthly financial and management reporting including submission of final numbers and accompanying analysis to head office.
Oversight of year end and interim reporting & key point of contact for auditors.
All relevant business performance analysis including budgeting, forecasting and analysis of balance sheet and P&L drivers.
Providing guidance and technical expertise around corporate tax returns, capital management and planning and regulatory reporting.
Ad hoc project work, including supporting senior finance leadership team on broader commercial and strategic objectives.
Management and leadership of a small finance team.
Your background is likely to be ACA / CA qualified (or equivalent) with initial training in a large Accounting firm followed by relevant experience in a Finance Manager, Financial Controller, Head of Finance role. Given the specialist nature of the position, experience in financial services is absolutely essential with a preference for someone who has quite broad expertise across financial, management and regulatory reporting. You'll need to have first class communication skills with the ability to develop productive working relationships with stakeholders from all walks of life. This role would definitely suit an ambitious and career minded person looking to fast track their career with a true global powerhouse.
For immediate consideration please apply online or for more information or a confidential discussion, please contact Glen Roberts at Marks Sattin on 020 77479765.
Marks Sattin - FS
Marks Sattin is a global finance and accounting recruitment specialist. Since our inception in 1988 Marks Sattin has established an excellent reputation across a broad range of industries.

US Unemployment Rate Falls for Younger WorkersAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Alibaba valuation calculatorAugust 28, 2014 1:21 pm
Alibaba valuation calculator
By Tom Pearson, Robert Armstrong, Sujeet Indap, Steve Bernard and Robin Kwong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/62c5c28e-2df0-11e4-b330-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BP rebounds as bargain hunters move inSeptember 5, 2014 6:12 pm
BP rebounds as bargain hunters move in
By Bryce Elder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8b882cac-351b-11e4-a2c2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wall Streets new rationale for optimismSeptember 5, 2014 8:11 pm
Wall Street works up new rationale for optimism
By John Authers
Mood of serene confidence has remained intact in the US
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/24f206e8-33ae-11e4-ba62-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SpiceJet offers tickets for Rs 599  Rs 1 999SpiceJet tickets for Rs 599, Rs 1,999 till Sept 10
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 6, 2014  | 18:30 IST
Budget airline SpiceJet on  Saturday launched two new slabs of competitive basic airfare rates, as other Indian carriers extended dates for booking low cost tickets over the past few days.
The low one-way base fare tickets of the no-frill carrier can be bought till September 10, costing Rs 599 for travel between January 16-October 24 next year and Rs 1,999 for travel between October seven this year and January 15, 2015.
For the Rs 599 offer, taxes and other fees and charges, barring fuel surcharge, would be additional, but the Rs 1,999 offer is all-inclusive.
"SpiceJet has been one of the main drivers of demand stimulation and market growth this year... This demand stimulation has been a win-win, with airlines earning more revenues, with travellers getting fantastic deals, and with the travel industry and economy at large getting a boost," airline's CEO Sanjiv Kapoor said.
The move of the no-frill carrier, which has been making such offers since January, comes in the wake of several foreign and Indian carriers vying with each other to attract Indian flyers by offering discounted tickets.
Air India, Jet Airways, IndiGo and GoAir have all come out with special offers in the recent past, with new airlines like Air Costa and AirAsia India also jumping on the bandwagon.

Executives conduct: Bharti Airtel to pay Rs. 5 lakhcompany information
Irked by the “mischief conduct” of its executives towards customers, a consumer forum in New Delhi has asked Bharti Airtel Limited to pay Rs. five lakh, saying it was a fit case for “punitive damages” to teach the company a “lesson”.
The New Delhi Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum, presided over by C. K. Chaturvedi, asked the company to pay Rs. two lakh to complainant Jasmeet Singh Puri, the CEO of a private firm, who had alleged that executives of the firm had harassed him by repeatedly asking him to pay the bills he had already paid.
“After considering the material... particularly the act of discontinuing services despite payments and raising bills again shows a lack of coordination between different department of OP1 (company) whereby complainant is made to suffer; all due to internal mismanagement as well as lackadaisical attitude of OP1 executives towards the very people who provides a market for their services,” the forum said.
“We hold that it is a fit case for punitive damages to teach OP1 a lesson, so that its executives are disciplined and deterred from such behaviour to innocent consumers,” it said in a judgement passed on September 4.
The forum, also comprising its member S. R. Chaudhary and Ritu Garodia, observed that the executives had replied to Mr. Puri’s e-mails in an insincere manner with no efforts to reconcile the issues raised by him.
“... which clearly proves that mischief conduct of OP1’s representatives, which appears to be deliberate and mala fide, with a purpose and design to harass the responsible professional, to heap insults, humiliation, mental agony by crass and bizarre attitude of OP1,” the forum said.
It directed the company to pay the remaining Rs. three lakh to the State Consumer Welfare Fund.
Mr. Puri had approached the forum alleging that he had given a cheque of Rs. 4,995 to the company on March 4 last year for installation of landline phone and modem for Internet service.
He said after installation was done, he and his family started receiving calls from company’s executives that the cheque was dishonoured due to insufficient funds but when he checked it from his bank, he found that amount was credited on March 9, 2013.
Mr. Puri told the bench that he informed the executives about it but they kept on calling him and demanding the amount.
During the adjudication of plea, the company had offered to pay Rs 5,000 as compensation to Mr. Puri.
The bench, in its order, noted that it was not a routine case of issuing redemption for dues to a firm, but a motivated misconduct to time out consumer by irresponsible executives of the company.
“This reveals a lack of sensitivity in Opposite Party 1’s (company) executives to plight of their customers as well as no supervision in a big company like OP1 for quick redressal of consumer’s grievances,” it said.
It also noted that the bank had supported Mr. Puri’s case by stating that his cheque was credited in company’s account.

FIIs pump in 9 000 crore in first week of SeptemberComments
Continuing their bet on the government's reforms agenda, overseas investors have poured in nearly Rs. 9,000 crore in the Indian capital market in the first week of the month.
Net investments by foreign investors in the equity market were Rs. 3,972 crore ($656 million) from September 1-5, while they infused a net amount of Rs. 5,013 crore ($828 million) in the debt market during the period, taking the total to Rs. 8,986 crore ($1.5 billion), as per the latest data.
Market analysts maintain that overseas investors (foreign Institutional Investors, sub-accounts or foreign portfolio investors) have been betting on the Indian market mainly on account of the reforms  agenda of the new government at the Centre.
Also, they anticipate that inflows would continue in the coming months on slew of measures announced by the government.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of Rs. 1.9 lakh crore ($31.5 billion) into the country's securities market. This includes a net investment of Rs. 82,307 crore in equities and Rs. 1.07 lakh crore into debt market.
FIIs, the main driver of the equity market, have helped push up the benchmark BSE Sensex by 1.45% last week and is now moving above 27,000 level.
The strong inflows in the recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of FIIs into India to USD 202 billion, while their investments in rupee terms is Rs. 9.8 lakh crore.
This is based on the data since November 1992 when the FIIs began investing into Indian markets and includes about USD 160 billion investments into equities and further about USD 41 billion in debt markets.
From the beginning of June, FIIs (Foreign Institutional Investors) along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator Sebi to create a new investor category called Foreign Portfolio Investors.

Finance ministry to take up 35 FDI proposalsFinance ministry to take up 35 FDI proposals
PTI  New Delhi, September 07, 2014
First Published: 12:45 IST(7/9/2014) | Last Updated: 12:50 IST(7/9/2014)
Finance ministry will take call on 35 foreign direct investment proposals, including that of Bharti Shipyard and Verizon Communications, later this month.
 
The Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) headed by finance secretary Arvind Mayaram will hold its 210th meeting on September 16 and there are 35 proposals on the agenda, the ministry said.
Advertisement
Bharti Shipyard, an Indian company in shipbuilding sector which has existing FDI through FIIs and NRIs proposes to undertake defence activities.
    
The FIPB had deferred decision on the proposal in its one of the meetings held in July last year.
    
Verizon Communications India is seeking approval to increase foreign equity participation by its foreign parent from 74% to 100%. The FIPB had deferred decision on the proposal in its meeting held on August 1.
    
Among other proposals that are in the agenda include that of Sistema Shyam Teleservices, IndusInd Bank, HBM Private Equity India, Hatsoff Helicopter Training, Instant Global Money Transfer and Tara India Fund IV Trust.
    
India allows FDI in most of the sectors through automatic route, but in certain sensitive sectors like defence, pharma and telecom investors require prior approval of FIPB.
     
The government is taking several steps to boost FDI in the country. It has de-licensed several defence products for private players, besides hiking the FDI cap to 49 per cent in the sensitive sector.
    
Railways sector too has been opened to foreign investment and the government has introduced a bill to hike FDI ceiling in insurance sector to 49% from the current 26%.

Jalan Panel to Suggest Ways to Cut Subsidies  Hike User ChargesYou are here: Home Industries
Jalan Panel to Suggest Ways to Cut Subsidies, Hike User Charges
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 07, 2014 17:18 (IST)
Why Apple May Have Missed an Opportunity With its New Watch
New Delhi: The Expenditure Management Commission, headed by Bimal Jalan, has been entrusted with the task of suggesting ways to improve fiscal discipline, target subsidies more efficiently and imposition of user charges on utilities.
The commission, whose members are former finance secretary Sumit Bose and former RBI deputy governor Subir Gokarn, will submit its interim report before the Budget for 2015-16, and final report before the Budget for 2016-17.
As per the terms of reference that have been announced, the commission will review the major areas of central government expenditure and suggest ways to create fiscal space required to meet developmental expenditure needs.
It has also been entrusted with designing a framework to improve "operational efficiency of expenditures through focus on utilisation, targets and outcomes".
That apart, the commission has been asked to suggest an effective strategy for meeting reasonable proportion of expenditure on services through user charges.
It has also been asked to suggest measures to improve allocative efficiencies in the existing expenditure classification system.
The notification suggested that the ministries and government departments would furnish information to the commission as may be required by it.
"The Government of India trusts the state governments and other concerned will extend to the Commission full cooperation and assistance," the notification added.
The terms of reference of the commission states that as the chairman of the panel, former RBI Governor Jalan would enjoy the status of a Cabinet Minister.
Additional Secretary, Expenditure Department (Ministry of Finance) will be an ex-officio member and a senior officer with finance/expenditure experience will be member-secretary of the commission.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in his Budget speech had announced setting of the commission that will look into various aspects of expenditure reforms to be undertaken by the government.
The panel has been set up as there is a need to review the allocative and operational efficiencies of the government expenditure to achieve maximum output.
Mr Jaitley in the Budget speech had said: "I also propose to overhaul the subsidy regime, including food and petroleum subsidies, and make it more targeted while providing full protection to the marginalised, poor and SC/STs."
The subsidy bill on food, petroleum and fertilisers is estimated at Rs 2,51,397.25 crore for 2014-15, up 2.47 per cent, over the previous fiscal. It was Rs 2,45,451.50 crore in the revised estimates for 2013-14
Story first published on: September 07, 2014 17:17 (IST)

India is not doing enough against cyber attacksHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
‘India is not doing enough against cyber attacks’
Venkatesh Ganesh
BL Richard H.L. Marshall
Bangalore, September 7:  
With Apple's Cloud service getting hacked, security in cyberspce has assumed sudden significance. Richard HL Marshall, the former Harvard Law graduate and an global cyber security advisor, Homeland Security to the George Bush administration, is vocal about cyber security issues — within the US and in other countries, as he feels that in an increasingly connected world, organisations should make more disclosures in case of cyber attacks. Marshall, who is currently CEO, Secure Exchange Technologies, spoke to BusinessLine about government officials who have not yet woken up to this modern day battle methodology, and the way China and Russia are unleashing cyber warfare battles across the globe. Edited excerpts:
The modus operandi of cyber criminals seems to have changed from randomly targetting to personalised targets. Can security keep up?
Cyber criminals have two objectives: find targets that will yield high payoff for their efforts and attack those high payoff targets that offer the least resistance. Their business model is simple: the least effort for the greatest financial gain. A company’s business methods, customer list, and many other forms of digital data are valuable to them as they can sell that data to your competitors both at home and abroad. In the last 15 years, we have witnessed a transition from mischief makers and pranksters to brigands with destructive intent to brigades of hackers working in concert for profit. Broad opportunistic, scattershot attacks designed for mischief and mayhem have been eclipsed by sophisticated attacks that are advance, targeted, stealthy, and persistent. They include organised cyber crime entities and state-sponsored campaigns referred to as advanced persistent threat (APT) attacks. These attackers are highly motivated, well organised and unpredictable.
These new cyber attacks are not a single event. They unfold in multiple co-ordinated stages, with calculated steps to get in, establish a foothold, and survey the victim’s network and ex-filtrate data.
Taking this logic further to national security, can governments keep up with this sustained attack?
For national security entities, I would say the threat is almost the same because national intelligence is so important to an enemy. The business model is to exfiltrate as much intelligence data as you can. Cost to attack is rarely a consideration because the intelligence data is so valuable to your enemy. There are cyber criminals who hack for hire on behalf of nation states.
Russia frequently uses this technique. Similarly, China uses an army of cyber attackers, who when confronted deny wrongdoing. Upon explaining how a compromised nation got to know of it, they make sure that they do not follow that method again (to avoid detection).
Are government departments doing enough to protect from cyber attacks?
When it comes to protecting sensitive intelligence, the Indian government is not doing enough.
The biggest challenge is that senior officials do not understand the seriousness of the threat or accept the reality of the threat actors. Governments can rectify this by doing the simple things properly. Implement aggressive threat awareness programs for everyone who uses a computer. Keep your systems current through enforced patch management programs, install and use the newest versions of malware detection programmes. Doing these basic things itself will go a long way.
In many cases companies do not come forward to report cyber crime fearing that it would damage their reputation. Do you think regulations need to be in place so that there are sufficient disclosures?
Most countries now have imposed regulations that require disclosure. I strongly recommend that like organisations such as the financial serves sector share the details of such attacks with their colleagues so that their overall security stance can be improved.
This works very well with the US Financial Services Information Sharing and Analysis Centers. At the end of the day, if there is a touch point with a large number of people, then companies should make disclosures.
(This article was published on September 7, 2014)

Nokia to bring 4G  3G mobile phones at lower pricesAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Nose virus may trigger middle ear infection: studyAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Wearing a bra does not cause breast cancer  reveals a studyAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

US launches attacks on Isis in IraqLast updated: September 8, 2014 9:22 am
Isis threat to Iraq’s crucial Haditha dam contained
By Borzou Daragahi in Cairo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c35a3af0-3668-11e4-95d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Few US ‘reshorings’ go ahead  study findsSeptember 7, 2014 4:46 pm
Few US ‘reshorings’ go ahead, study finds
By Robert Wright in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ed0edc78-352a-11e4-a2c2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US revival warrants EM strategy rethinkMay 16, 2014 10:26 am
US revival warrants EM strategy rethink
By John Authers
The global advantage is shifting back to American shores
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f7a74d8-dc73-11e3-a33d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Reshoring could create 200 000 jobsMarch 11, 2014 6:52 pm
‘Reshoring’ could create 200,000 jobs over next decade
By Tanya Powley, Manufacturing Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/057abd80-a92c-11e3-9b71-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Demand for corporate credit rocketsSeptember 7, 2014 5:18 pm
Demand for corporate credit takes off with Lufthansa bond
By Andrew Bolger
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bfa25188-351c-11e4-a2c2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CME revamps fee rebates for energy tradingSeptember 7, 2014 4:24 pm
CME revamps fee rebates for energy trading
By Gregory Meyer in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/29ded2be-3546-11e4-a2c2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hannam sets up advisory boutique firmSeptember 7, 2014 1:32 pm
Hannam sets up advisory firm despite losing market abuse appeal
By Daniel Schäfer in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/23f12fe2-351d-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Allegations of dirty tricks blur pictureSeptember 7, 2014 6:29 pm
Dirty tricks allegations blur the picture for Hong Kong and China
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
Critics say China is dismantling the ‘one country, two systems’ model
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4c6419ea-344a-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Telangana: TRS  TDP-BJP and Congress slug it out to win Medak LS bypollUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Hyderabad: A shrill campaign is on for the high-stakes Medak Lok Sabha bypoll in Telangana, which has been necessitated after the resignation of Telengana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao of the ruling TRS, with the Congress and the Telugu Desam (TDP)-BJP combine leaving no stone unturned to win the contest.
The Chandrasekhar Rao-headed Telangana Rashtra Samiti(TRS) and the TDP-BJP combine, who have all been engaged in a war of words in the run-up to the bypoll scheduled for September 13, have continued to slug it out, with the campaign getting more dramatic and shriller by the day.
Earlier, the BJP had taken exception to the TRS' charge that its bypoll candidate T Jayaprakash Reddy is an "integrationist" (who was against the bifurcation of Andhra Pradesh). Asserting that the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government at the Centre would help Telangana in its development efforts, Telangana BJP president G Kishan Reddy said here today that the TRS government should take steps in that direction.
Seeking to wrest the Medak Lok Sabha constituency from the TRS, the BJP has fielded former Congress MLA Jayaprakash Reddy, who has been a bitter critic of the TRS and used to be with the BJP earlier.
Seeking to wrest the Medak Lok Sabha constituency from the TRS, the BJP has fielded former Congress MLA Jayaprakash Reddy, who has been a bitter critic of the TRS and used to be with the BJP earlier.
The BJP's alliance partner TDP has also been trying to corner the ruling TRS-led Telangana government on various counts. Hoping to salvage its prestige after its failure to come to power in Telangana even after the UPA government delivered on the separate statehood demand, the Congress has also mounted an attack on the TRS and fielded former minister V Sunita Laxma Reddy for the by-election.
Alleging that the TRS government had not taken "significant" development initiatives since it assumed office, Telangana state Congress president Ponnala Laxmaiah referred to a union minister reportedly saying, that no concrete proposals have been received from the state government.
Aiming to retain the seat, vacated by its supremo Telangana Chief Minister Chandrasekhar Rao, the TRS has sought to counter the opposition. To do so, state minister T Harish Rao has alleged that opposition parties want the TRS government to fulfil all its promises in merely three months instead of its five-year tenure.
The Medak Parliamentary constituency bypoll has been necessitated after the resignation of TRS president K Chandrasekhar Rao after he became Telangana Chief Minister.

Mad men worked up over ad trading desksLast updated: September 7, 2014 6:15 pm
Mad men get worked up over ad trading desks
By Robert Cookson, Digital Media Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0ef01898-fbc9-11e3-9a03-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Glasgow developers get Yes vote jittersSeptember 7, 2014 8:33 pm
Backers of retail development in Glasgow get independence jitters
By Alistair Gray in Glasgow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a24a33da-36a2-11e4-95d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Neighbourhood stores drive super-premium FMCG product salesSounak Mitra & Viveat Susan Pinto |  New Delhi/Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 12:58 AM IST
Neighbourhood  stores drive super-premium FMCG product sales
A special-edition pack of Cadbury Glow chocolates costs Rs 2,000 - and it sells, too. That might sound unusual for a common Indian consumer but super-premium products like these account for about eight per cent of the country's Rs 2.18-lakh-crore fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) market and are growing at a faster rate than the premium segment. More surprising, it is not modern trade that is fuelling these products' growth; high-end 'independent kirana stores', local grocers and chemists in posh
A special-edition pack of Cadbury Glow chocolates costs Rs 2,000 - and it sells, too. That might sound unusual for a common Indian consumer but super-premium products like these account for about eight per cent of the country's Rs 2.18-lakh-crore fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) market and are growing at a faster rate than the premium segment. More surprising, it is not modern trade that is fuelling these products' growth; high-end 'independent kirana stores', local grocers and chemists in posh localities drive sales for this segment.
The trend, of course, is not uniform across the country. Its demand is limited to local mom-and-pop stores at top locations, or areas in metro cities and top 100 towns where the clientele is dominated by high-networth individuals, double-income-no-kid families and globetrotters.
"It is a myth that super-premium food trade happens through modern trade outlets. You will be surprised to know that 80-85 per cent of imported food business takes place in high-end traditional outlets," says Amit Lohani, founder-director, Forum of Indian Food Importers.
A July study by global research firm Nielsen adds credence to Lohani's statement. It shows 78 per cent of super-premium FMCG products, which cost more than double the normal products in their category, are sold at local chemists and grocers - even paan shops. The country's super-premium market, estimated to be worth Rs 17,683 crore at present, is growing at a compound annual rate of nine per cent. Interestingly, the growth rate for premium products, usually priced 20-70 per cent higher than normal products, is slower. The Rs 41,067-crore premium FCMG market is expanding at a CAGR of six per cent, shows the Nielsen study. The sales trend for these products is similar to the super-premium category. About 90 per cent of these are sold at kirana shops.
Cadbury Glow, the most expensive product launched by chocolate major Mondelez a couple of weeks ago, will primarily be pushed through the traditional trade channel. Mondelez India Director (chocolate & media) Siddharth Mukherjee said the company would target high-end independent retail outlets, hotels, airports and departmental stores in big cities, for its super-premium Cadbury Glow. There are many reasons for choice of high-end traditional stores. According to executives at Dabur and Emami, which are examining their respective super-premium product portfolios for a possible entry into the segment, high-end such stores have loyal customers. Also, these outlets have positioned themselves as providers of exclusive and premium products.
"Consumers looking for such products usually go to these stores because of the trust factor. However, the segment is primarily dominated by imported products so far," said the Emami executive.
"Some of these outlets are small. Their size is between 500 square feet and 3,500 sq ft, depending on the catchment area and the retailer's ambition. Dorabji in Pune, for instance, expanded rapidly. From one small store, the outlet is as big as a mall today. In contrast, the stores in Delhi's Khan Market or INA market continue to be small but the business they do is huge. You will typically find embassy cars parked in these markets and people with lists placing their orders. They might not have the space to display merchandise the way a modern trader does but people travel miles to buy products from them. I can't imagine importers doing business without these stores. The range they have is phenomenal," said Lohani. The owner of such a general store at Delhi's Khan market says he has some customers who have been buying from his store for the past 15 years. "Some even come from outside of the city. Some call to confirm availability and some to place pre-booking orders," he added.
"I see these iconic outlets as followers of modern trade and gourmet stores. Yes, they do have a loyal clientele, given the customers they cater to - most of them well-heeled, widely travelled and with knowledge of global trends. But these stores are few. At best, 15 or 20 in each big city. These outlets do not bank on a great shopping experience; they are mostly into home delivery. But their range is broad - from food to personal care and grocery products - which allows them to do a decent amount of business every month," said Mohit Khattar, managing director & chief executive of Godrej Nature's Basket, a chain of gourmet stores that stocks imported food and grocery products.
According to the Nielsen study, about 40 per cent of super-premium products at present are sold in metro cities, while Tier-I towns account for about 25 per cent, semi-urban centres 19 per cent and rural areas the remaining 17 per cent. By comparison, for the premium segment, rural centres account for about 26 per cent of sales and their share is growing at about 12 per cent a year. For the super-premium segment, the rate of growth is similar in all markets - between eight and 10 per cent - while the overall FMCG market is growing at around 10 per cent annually.
 Advertisements

Accel Partners showcases 6 startups to InfosysAccel Partners
(The discussions were led…)
BANGALORE: Accel Partners snatched an opportunity to impress cash-rich Infosys when the Silicon Valley-based venture capital fund pitched at least two portfolio companies to the Bangalore-based outsourcer, according to two people with direct knowledge of the development.
Accel Partners, which counts Facebook and Flipkart among its portfolio firms, showcased six startups, including CrowdAnalytix and Paxata, before the senior management of Infosys, which is closing in to make its first investment from the $100-million (Rs 602-crore) fund dedicated to invest in disruptive startups. ET could not independently verify the names of the four other startups discussed with Infosys.
Infosys has been lagging its peers in growth but has over $5 billion (Rs 30,000 crore) surplus cash on its books. Although Sikka has had discussions with other VCs in August, Accel for now remains the only venture capitalist which has made a pitch to the country's second-largest software exporter, said a person familiar with the development.
The discussions were led by Infosys Chief Executive Vishal Sikka and Accel Partners' Dinesh Katiyar, who has known Sikka since the time both were at Stanford in the mid-90s. Katiyar confirmed to ET that he had met Sikka and senior ranks of Infosys but declined to share details. Another executive familiar with the development said Infosys' management until now has not started discussions with any of the startups.
"It's too early to say how much stake the company (Infosys) will pick in the startups," said the executive, adding that Infosys could make an investment in only one startup for now.It is not clear yet if Infosys' management has come to a decision but the executives said that since Accel is an investor in both the data-focused startups, the company may wait until the last round of discussions before it begins talks with the startups.
"Vishal (Sikka) and other senior executives have met with venture capital firms to explore potential partnerships with companies in their portfolio," said a spokeswoman for Infosys in an email response. "We are encouraged with the interest that the innovation ecosystem has shown. We cannot comment on specific companies at this time."
An email sent to Accel Partners remained unanswered. Both CrowdAnalytix and Paxata declined comment. Infosys' desire to look at data-focused startups mirrors the strategy being adopted by homegrown IT outsourcers, including Wipro, which are looking to pick up a small equity in a startup and then take the technology platform to clients.
Bangalore-based Wipro has already picked up over 14 per cent stake in New Jersey-based data analytics firm Opera Solutions. Globally too, Intel, Cisco and Dell have dedicated corporate ventures for investing in startups and mature ideas that are disruptive.
"It makes sense for IT service companies to invest in startups because they are not merely making a financial investment but are also backing the technology which they believe has the future," said Sid Pai, Asia-Pacific president at outsourcing advisory ISG.
Last month, Infosys' Chief Operating Officer UB Pravin Rao told investors the company is looking to integrate some of the technology platforms with its own offerings as it evaluates startups.
  "A couple of weeks back we had one of the large VCs showcase 6 or 7 startups, so we have started the evaluation process," Rao said at the Motilal Oswal investor conference in Mumbai on August 26.
Sunnyvale, California-based CrowdAnalytix is a cloud-based, crowd-sourced startup that uses public sources of data to support analytic requirements of enterprises. It was founded in 2011 by Divyabh Mishra and claims to have a revenue run rate of $1 million (Rs 6 crore). Paxata, founded in January 2012 in Redwood City, California, provides enterprises with self-service data preparation software that does not require coding.
Prakash Nanduri is the only Indian among the four co-founders. The startup has raised $10 million (.`60 crore) until now, of which Accel has made an $8 million (Rs 48 crore) bet.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GST logjam: Centre to take middle path on compensation  oilVrishti Beniwal |  New Delhi Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 12:59 AM IST
GST logjam: Centre to take middle path on compensation, oil
Preparing legal framework to protect states from revenue loss
The finance ministry, which has been trying to evolve a consensus on the Constitution amendment Bill for rollout of a Goods and Services Tax (GST) regime, is learnt to have found a middle path to address states' concerns.
Among the contentious issues was states' demand for a provision in the Constitution to compensate them for any losses they made under the proposed indirect tax regime. The ministry is now understood to be considering another legal framework that will ensure the Constitution does not have to be amended for this purpose, and at the same time, states' trust does not erode.
To resolve another nagging issue - of petroleum products, which states want constitutionally kept outside the GST ambit as these comprise 26 per cent of their revenues - the Centre is likely to include these products in the new regime but tax these at the rate of zero per cent. States could continue to levy sales tax or value-added tax on these, while the Centre would retain its right to impose excise duty. Such a mechanism will protect the revenues of both states and the Centre, and the GST chain, too, will not be broken.
A LONG TAXING ROAD
ORIGINAL SCHEDULE: GST was to originally come into effect from April 1, 2010
CONSENSUS ELUSIVE: The implementation was delayed as the Centre and states were not on the same page on several issues
CST BARRIER: There were differences over compensation to states for their loss on account of a cut in central sales tax; the issue has now been resolved
DEMANDS GALORE:  States want GST compensation to be provided for in the Constitution; demand that petroleum products be kept out of GST and entry tax not be subsumed in the indirect tax regime
PLEASE-ALL PATH: The Centre is not ready to yield to states’ demand on entry tax but it is trying to tread a middle path on all other issues
However, the Centre does not seem inclined to yield to states' demand that entry tax be kept outside GST. It is firm that the tax will have to be subsumed in the new indirect tax regime.
On the issue of petroleum products, a senior finance ministry official, who did not wish to be named, said: "We are working out a formula where their revenues can be protected. We are suggesting subsuming these products in GST but making these zero-rated. The idea has been discussed with a few states and the response seems positive."
The inclusion of petroleum products in GST makes economic sense, as these products are a major input for other industries. If these are kept out of the GST framework, there would be cascading of taxes for all other sectors of the economy and the cost of production would increase. An exclusion would also disrupt audit trail and cause revenue leakages.
Both Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and Revenue Secretary Shaktikanta Das are individually speaking to state finance ministers and senior officials. The idea is to bring them on board before the next meeting of the empowered committee of state finance ministers, likely next month on the members' return from China, where they are visiting later this month to study that country's GST model.
On states' demand for GST compensation, the official quoted earlier said: "Why do states want a provision in the Constitution? The key issue is the trust factor. Do you really need to amend Constitution for that? We are working out an arrangement to build a legal framework by which compensation can be given."
Though the official did not elaborate on what legal backing could be provided, it is likely the 14th Finance Commission's recommendations, to come next month, would suggest a mechanism for compensation in the event of revenue loss to states. The commission, headed by former Reserve Bank of India Governor, Y V Reddy, is likely to meet states on Wednesday to get their views on the issue.
Some states, particularly the Bharatiya Janata Party-ruled ones like Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat, have become more receptive to the Centre's suggestions on GST since a change of guard at the Centre in May. However, exclusion of petroleum and GST compensation are states' common concerns.
"Petroleum should be out initially. You cannot put your biggest revenue-earning egg in the same basket (as other indirect taxes). But the real issue is compensation. We don't know what will be the revenue implications of this new tax. If we are guaranteed full compensation, we have no problem," said a state official involved in the talks who did not wish to be named.
The states' concerns on GST compensation stem from their past experience with regard to Central Sales Tax (CST) compensation. To avoid CST-like confusions, they are insisting on a provision in the Constitution.
The finance ministers during the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) rule had put the condition that CST compensation would be released only when states agree on the rollout of GST. Jaitley, however, has given his word to the states that their dues of Rs 34,000 crore would be cleared over a period of three years. The Centre is confident that states would not make any loss under GST, as they would get to share service tax revenue with it. It is unwilling to yield on a constitutional provision because compensation to states is proposed for only five years; "the Constitution cannot be changed every now and then".
The Centre's unwillingness to keep entry tax in lieu of octroi outside GST comes from the understanding that excluding so many taxes from GST might defeat the purpose of making India a common market. Also, such a move would push up the revenue-neutral rate for GST. The Centre might suggest that states could levy additional State GST (SGST), within a band, to protect their revenues after entry tax is subsumed.
 Advertisements

23 CRPF men  cops left without a fight as Naxals ambushed colleaguesPrint
Written by Ashutosh Bhardwaj | Raipur | Posted: September 8, 2014 1:15 am
The inquiry into a Maoist attack six months ago at Tahakwada in Chhattisgarh’s Sukma district — in which 11 CRPF and four police personnel were killed — has found that most of the survivors, who followed the first section that was ambushed, instead of helping their trapped colleagues stayed behind and later deserted them.
The probe ordered by IG CRPF (Chhattisgarh) H S Siddhu has found 23 of the 28 survivors prima facie guilty of “inaction and lack of satisfactory counter-action”. The paramilitary force has already suspended 17 of its personnel as reported by The Sunday Express, and suggested the police to act against six of its men for dereliction of duty.
“In our communication to the state police, we have recommended disciplinary action against them,” said the IG office in a statement to The Indian Express.
The probe report also said that the deceased personnel fought bravely and has recommended gallantry award to 10 of the 11 CRPF personnel killed in the encounter.
Forty three personnel — 31 CRPF and 12 Chhattisgarh police — had left Tongpal police station on March 11 morning when they were caught in an ambush on a National Highway with open fields on both sides. Fifteen securitymen, who comprised the first line of the party, died on the spot, while most of the others deserted their embattled colleagues, the probe has found.
Of the five survivors who were let-off in the probe, three could have been charged with “non-action” but they had suffered injuries in the gunbattle. It is probably the first instance when over half of a police team involved in an anti-Naxal operation has been found guilty of “lack of satisfactory counter-action”.
The inquiry also noted that “there was delay in sending reinforcement”.
Tongpal police camp was only four to five-minute drive from the spot, but the reinforcement party did not arrive in time. “These comprise around 25 personnel (both CRPF and police) who were present at the camp. They have not been suspended now, but will face a separate departmental enquiry,” said a CRPF officer. “The role of Tongpal thana in-charge is also under scanner.”
The state police, however, said they were waiting for the CRPF report. “We are yet to receive the CRPF report,” Bastar IG SRP Kalluri said.
Interestingly, while 15 securitymen had died in the ambush, the Maoists snatched 18 rifles indicating that those who survived could not even manage to save their weapons.
Six AK-47s, some of which were fitted with under barrel grenade launchers, 18 magazines of the same rifles, one light machine gun with 10 magazines, nine INSAS rifles with 30 magazines, two SLRs with six magazines and two wireless sets were looted — sufficient to raise a company of the Maoists.

Moves to soothe investor fears over Scots voteSeptember 8, 2014 1:11 am
Finance groups seek to soothe fears over Scotland vote
By Josephine Cumbo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/110f2d64-3682-11e4-85be-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Temasek keeps foot on the acceleratorSeptember 7, 2014 7:11 am
Temasek keeps foot on the accelerator
By Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/37522a4e-34ac-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Temasek hurt by China shadow banking woesJuly 8, 2014 11:25 am
Temasek dented by China shadow banking woes
By Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9decc23a-066e-11e4-8c0e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Temasek widens its Africa footprintLast updated: April 15, 2014 7:15 am
Temasek widens its Africa footprint
By Javier Blas in Lagos and Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/376372ba-c3e9-11e3-b2c3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BJP MLA calls for  love jihad  mahapanchayatAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Outbreaks of Uncommon Virus Sending Kids to ERsoutbreaks of uncommon virus sending kids to ers
SC stays death sentence of Nithari killer KoliIANS |  New Delhi Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 09:20 AM IST
SC stays death sentence of Nithari killer Koli
The execution has been stayed for a period of one week
The Supreme Court has stayed the execution of Nithari killings convict Surendra Koli by one week.
Chief justice designate H.L. Dattu passed the order in the intervening night of Sunday and Monday, staying Koli's execution on his appeal. Koli was represented by senior counsel Indira Jaising.
Koli was to be executed Monday at Meerut jail.
Koli's mercy petition was earlier rejected by President Pranab Mukherjee.
He was transferred from the Dasna jail in Ghaziabad district to Meerut Sep 4 for the execution of his death warrant issued by a CBI court.
Officials earlier said he was to be hanged any time between Sep 7 and 12.
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) court in Ghaziabad issued a death warrant to Koli after his mercy petition was rejected by the president.
Koli was shifted to Meerut because of the absence of hanging facilities in Dasna.
He was convicted for the murder of a girl Rimpa Halder who went missing in Noida in December 2006. After a police investigation, she was found to have been murdered by Koli.
During the probe, the skeletal remains of many other children were recovered from a drain adjacent to a house in Nithari, an area in Noida where Koli worked as domestic help for businessman Moninder Singh Pandher.
Both Koli and Pandher were sentenced to death, but later the Allahabad High Court acquitted Pandher and upheld Koli's death sentence.
Koli's sentence was then upheld by the Supreme Court. He filed a mercy petition before the president which was turned down.
 Advertisements

Twin bed  cooler  music player: This garbage lot is hardly a dumpComments
Cleaners and sweepers have taken over a garbage dump in south Delhi’s Sunlight Colony –II, converting it into a house and forcing residents to throw garbage on the street.
The encroachers have put a bed for two, a fan, a cooler and a music system inside the dhalao (garbage dump), HT found out upon visiting the area.
A broken sofa sat just outside the dhalao to welcome guests. 
After entering the dhalao, some youth picking garbage questioned the HT team but went away after noticing the camera.
Locals alleged cleaners and sweepers had taken over the dump with the help of local land sharks. “They  encroached inside it after paying a bribe of Rs. 1.5 lakh,” said a resident.
As a result, residents of Dharamveer Marg throw garbage on the road, causing stench and filth in the entire area.
“We have complained on various occasions but no one listens. Since these cleaners collect the garbage from the road, no one objects to their living inside the dhalao. Filth and smell has made life miserable,” said Mohd Abdul, a resident.
The local councillor said she had raised the issue with the Municipal Corporation of Delhi and blamed the corporation for not taking any action.
“I have raised the issue. A deputy commissioner visited the area and vacated the dhalao but after few days they again came back. I will again raise the issue,” said Darshana, the councillor.
Municipal authorities, however, denied any knowledge of the problem.
 “The issue is not in my notice. The dump is taken care of by the Delhi Waste Managament but if I get a complaint, I will ensure action is taken,” said South Delhi Municipal Corporation standing committee chairperson Satish Upadhyay.

BJP leader Adityanath makes hate speech againBJP leader Adityanath makes hate speech again
Vinod Rajput , Hindustan Times  Noida, September 07, 2014
First Published: 21:35 IST(7/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:31 IST(8/9/2014)
Comments
Yogi Adityanath, Bharatiya Janata Party’s lead campaigner for the by-polls in Uttar Pradesh, made yet another controversial statement on Sunday as he blamed people of a minority religion for the state’s recent communal tensions.
“There have been 450 riots cases in West UP in two-and-a-half years of Samajwadi Party because the population of a particular community is rising manifold. Why there are no riots in Eastern UP? you can easily understand,” he said during a rally in Noida.
"In places where there are 10 to 20% minorities, stray communal incidents take place. Where there are 20 to 35% of them, serious communal riots take place and where they are more than 35%, there is no place for non-Muslims," the Lok Sabha member said.
Read: Adityanath must not be allowed to hijack BJP’s growth agenda
Adityanath, elected a Parliamentarian from Uttar Pradesh’s Gorakhpur in the May elections, has made similar comments in the past. "In places where there are 10 to 20% minorities, stray communal incidents take place.
Where there are 20 to 35% of them, serious communal riots take place and where they are more than 35%, there is no place for non-Muslims," he had said during a television news programme.

Sensex  Nifty at record high again; ONGC up 2%  Maruti weakSep 08, 2014, 09.50 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty at record high again; ONGC up 2%, Maruti weak
The Sensex is up 203.78 points or 0.75 percent at 27230.48, and the Nifty is up 54.00 points or 0.07 percent at 8140.85. About 1318 shares have advanced, 446 shares declined, and 58 shares are unchanged.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty at record high again; ONGC up 2%, Maruti weak
The Sensex is up 203.78 points or 0.75 percent at 27230.48, and the Nifty is up 54.00 points or 0.07 percent at 8140.85. About 1318 shares have advanced, 446 shares declined, and 58 shares are unchanged.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
Live Market Commentary
9:50 am FII view Jonathan Garner, Morgan Stanley says in the near-term, MSCI India appears fully valued and over-owned by dedicated EM funds. "On the macro side, the recent fiscal deficit figures appear encouraging. However, we need to see whether the government continues to work towards containing expenditure in the coming months as well. If the current trend continues, this will increase the probability that the government can achieve its lower fiscal deficit target of 4.1%, which otherwise seemed ambitious." he adds.
9:40 am Market check: The market has started the new week with fresh vigour after correcting for last two sessions. Both the benchmark indices are at life high. The Sensex is up 203.78 points or 0.75 percent at 27230.48, and the Nifty is up 54.00 points or 0.07 percent at 8140.85. About 1318 shares have advanced, 446 shares declined, and 58 shares are unchanged.
ONGC, GAIL, ITC, HUL and Hindalco are top gainers in the Sensex. Maruti is down arpund 0.6 percent.
9:30 am No buyback? Infosys management is not in favour of a buyback. CNBC-TV18 learns from sources that the IT major may treat its massive cash reserves as an asset and may look for M&A opportunities in new areas. Former Infosys executives V Balakrishnan, TV Mohandas Pai and DN Prahlad had sought Rs 11,200 crore (USD 1.83 billion) in the form of a buyback for all shareholders, concerned over the pace of change at India’s second-biggest software services company.
However, sources say the Infosys management thinks that a buyback will send out very wrong signal. The management believes that it is better to actually use this cash on books as an asset for M&A. It may announce a dividend at a later date but at this point in time it is actively looking at M&A opportunities in newer areas.
Don't miss: 8 Sensex blue-chips add Rs 52,277cr in market valuation
The market has opened on a strong note. The Sensex is up 121 points at 27147.70, and the Nifty is up 46.10 points at 8132.95. About 567 shares have advanced, 112 shares declined, and 29 shares are unchanged.
GAIL, ONGC, Bharti Airtel, Sesa Sterlite and L&T are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Coal India, Wipro and Hero.
The Indian rupee opened at highest level since July 31. It has gained 10 paise at 60.29 per dollar against 60.39 on Friday.
Sterling slumped to its lowest in nearly 10 months on Monday amid worries about political uncertainty after an opinion poll showed supporters of Scottish Independence from Britain taking the lead for the first time since the referendum campaign began. It skidded nearly 1 percent.
Agam Gupta of Standard Chartered said, "Expect to see very strong nationalised bank demand between levels of 60.20-60.25/dollar. Expect Rupee to trade in a range of 60.20-60.40/dollar for the day. Exporters and FIIs likely to sell on upticks.”
In commodities, Brent crude slipped towards 100 dollars per barrel following weakness in US jobs data.
RELATED NEWS

Market strategy: India data hints growth bottomed out  says Dipen ShahAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Goldman Sachs sees Nifty hitting 9 000 in one year; top 8 stocks which can return upto 74%Goldman Sachs sees Nifty hitting 9,000 in a year; top 8 stocks which can give up to 74% return
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 8, 2014, 11.03AM IST
(It also said that earnings…)
NEW DELHI: Investment advisory firm Goldman Sachs has raised its 12-month target for Nifty to 9,000 for September 2014.
Earlier, it had pegged Nifty at 8,600 for the said time.
The US-based brokerage house, in a report, says: "We roll our 12-month target for Nifty to September 2015 (from June 2015) with our updated target of 9,000 from 8,600 earlier."
Earlier this week, they also revised their USD/INR target to build in USD strength. Goldman Sachs's new 3, 6 and 12-month USD/INR forecasts are 61, 62 and 63, respectively, from 58.5, 61 and 63 earlier.
Year to date, FII inflows to cash equities are at $13.9 billion. Bonds saw inflows of $750 million this week; while equities saw inflows of $740 million as of September 4, adds the Goldman report.
Earnings sentiment remains positive, the report says. MSCI India is currently trading at 16.5x forward P/E and 3.0x trailing book value.
Goldman Sachs has eight stocks in its conviction list which includes names like DLF, Grasim Industries, L&T, IndusInd Bank, ITC, Petronet LNG, Voltas and Tech Mahindra. The target prices mentioned are for a period of 12 months (see chart).
The global investment bank has the most aggressive target of Rs 292 on DLF, which translates into an upside of 74.5 per cent from current levels.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bharti Airtel firms up on sale of telecom towers worth $1 billionSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 10:44 AM IST
Bharti Airtel firms up on sale of telecom towers worth $1 billion
Bharti Airtel has surged nearly 2% on the sale of its telecom towers in Nigeria for more than $1 billion
Shares of Bharti Airtel have surged nearly 2% to Rs 407.30 on the BSE in the early trades after reaching a consensus on the sale of its telecom towers in Nigeria for more than $1 billion within the next three weeks.
 
American Tower Company (ATC) is expected to be the leading buyer and is expected to buy 4,000 towers, followed by IHS Towers. 
 
The stock opened at Rs 405, touched a high of Rs 407.50 and a low of Rs 402 on the BSE. A total of 267,706 shares have been exchanged on the BSE so far.
 

Cipla climbs on acquisition plans worth Rs 100 croreSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 10:38 AM IST
Cipla climbs on acquisition plans worth Rs 100 crore
Cipla gains sfter Medispray Laboratories, subsidiary of the Company approved the acquisition of two manufacturing undertakings.
Shares of Cipla are trading nearly 1% higher after the company announced that Medispray Laboratories, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company at its board meeting held on 05 September 2014 approved the acquisition of two manufacturing undertakings.
 
The consideration for the above two transactions are Rs. 29 crore and Rs. 71.93 crore respectively. The first manufacturing facility located at Goa is owned by Okasa and the second manufacturing facility located at Satara (Maharashtra) is owned by Okasa Pharma. Entities controlled by relatives of the promoters hold majority interest in the companies which own the aforesaid undertakings.
 
The stock opened at Rs 562, touched a high of Rs 565 and a low of Rs 559 on the BSE. A total 48,181 of shares have been exchanged on the BSE so far.
 

Rupee Rises to 60.21/DollarDollar Sweeps to 14-month High, Kicks Oil Below $100
Mumbai:
The rupee strengthened to a more than five-week high on Monday, tracking broad overnight losses in the dollar versus major currencies following the weaker-than-anticipated US jobs data.
Gains in other Asian units versus the dollar also helped sentiment.
By 9:31 a.m., the partially convertible rupee was at 60.21 per dollar, its strongest since July 31 and above its close of 60.39/40 on Friday.
The dollar slipped on Friday after data showed US employers added the fewest jobs in eight months, eroding confidence in the economy and reviving bets that the Federal Reserve might leave interest rates near zero for longer than anticipated.
(With inputs from Reuters)

RBI Likely Buying DollarsDollar Sweeps to 14-month High, Kicks Oil Below $100
Mumbai:
The Reserve Bank of India was seen buying dollars via state-run banks to prevent further appreciation in the rupee, four traders said on Monday.
State-run banks started buying dollars aggressively likely on behalf of the central bank when the rupee hit around 60.20 levels, the strongest since July 30, traders said.
The rupee strengthened after US monthly jobs data on Friday was weaker than expected.
The RBI was likely also intervening in the forwards market to limit the impact on rupee liquidity, two traders said.
By 10:45 a.m., the partially convertible unit was trading at 60.24/25 per dollar, stronger than its close of 60.39/40 on Friday.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

2G case: SC asks CBI Director to file counter-affidavitUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Monday asked Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) Director Ranjit Sinha to file a counter-affidavit against the allegations leveled against him by senior lawyer Prashant Bhushan in the 2G spectrum case. SC has adjourned the case till next Monday.
Bhushan also submitted the original entry/guest diary of the CBI director's residence saying it will be destroyed and hence he is depositing it with the court. To this, Sinha asked SC to disclose the source from which he got all the documents.
"Averments made against CBI director are serious and he cannot say that he won't file affidavit," observed the apex court. Sinha has been given a week's time to file his affidavit.
Bhushan had filed a petition in the Supreme Court seeking its direction to Sinha to rescue himself from investigation and prosecution in 2G case, alleging that he is trying to protect some influential accused in the scam.
"Whatever you want to tell us, tell us in black and white," the court said.
Sinha has agreed to file an affidavit in a sealed envelope.
"If we find merit in the averments made against the CBI director then we would quash all the decisions taken by him during the pendency of the case," the bench said.
Bhushan had filed a petition in the Supreme Court seeking its direction to Sinha to rescue himself from investigation and prosecution in 2G case, alleging that he is trying to protect some influential accused in the scam.

Will quash all of Sinha s decisions on 2G if allegations proved: SCBS Reporter |  New Delhi Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 12:58 AM IST
Sinha's decisions in 2G probe may be quashed: SC
Court tells CBI director to come clean on allegations made by Bhushan
Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) Director Ranjit Sinha on Monday found himself in deeper trouble in the Supreme Court, as the court remarked it could cancel all decisions taken by Sinha in the 2G spectrum scam probe if it was found he had tried to prevent a fair inquiry.
The observation came after counsel Prashant Bhushan handed over the original entry register from Sinha’s official residence. The Bench headed by H L Dattu, accepting the register, ordered it to be kept in a sealed cover.
Bhushan, representing Centre for Public Interest Litigation (CPIL), which moved the petition that led to cancellation of 122 telecom licences, had earlier provided photocopies of the register. On Monday, he said some people delivered the originals at his house on Sunday night. They feared these might be destroyed. The court also took the names of 23 ITBP and four CBI officials on duty at Sinha’s residence during the relevant time.
The register purportedly contains the names of top businessmen, politicians and accused persons involved in the 2G case who visited Sinha’s house. Claiming Sinha was trying to protect the accused, Bhushan has demanded his removal from probes into the 2G and coal scams.
Sinha, on his part, has alleged the documents are fake. He has moved court for action against Bhushan and CPIL Secretary Kamini Jaiswal for forgery.
The court asked Sinha to file an affidavit responding to the allegations made by Bhushan. His counsel, Vikas Singh, protested against filing of documents without verification or source. He pleaded Sinha not be asked to file an affidavit as it would affect the trial. But the judges said the court would ensure a fair trial. The case will next be taken up on Monday.
Sinha, a Bihar-cadre IPS officer, had taken charge as the CBI director in November 2012, when the 2G case trial had already started in a CBI special court.
The chargesheets related to 2G spectrum allocations had been filed under the term of A P Singh, Sinha's predecessor at CBI. Among key people in judicial custody when Sinha took over were former telecom minister A Raja, Dravida Munnettra Kazhagam MP Kanimozhi and former telecom secretary Sidhharth Behura, besides several industrialists.
The only major 2G-related chargesheet filed in Sinha's tenure was in the Aircel-Maxis deal -that was a different case, not related to the alleged allocation scam. Former telecom minister Dayanidhi Maran and his brother and Sun TV promoter Kalanithi Maran, besides six others, were named in this chargesheet last week for allegedly accepting Rs 600 crore as bribe.
Another major event in connection with the 2G case during Sinha's tenure was overturning of the chean chit given to the chief executives of Bharti Airtel and Vodafone during his predecessor's term. That was done after a trial court order saying a company alone could not be held responsible for omissions and commissions and that promoters and directors should also be named.
The entire investigation into the alleged coal block allocation scam has, however, taken place with Sinha at the helm of affairs at CBI.
In a related development, the Bench asked the government to absorb Rajeshwar Singh, who has been probing several sensitive cases like 2G and the money-laundering matter, as permanent deputy director in the Enforcement Directorate, within three days.
 Advertisements

ONGC jumps after Bank of America upgrades the stockSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 11:04 AM IST
ONGC jumps after Bank of America upgrades the stock
ONGC jumps 2.5% after Bank of America Merrill Lynch upgraded the stock to "buy" from "neutral".
Shares of Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) appreciated 2.5% to Rs 454 on the BSE after Bank of America Merrill Lynch upgraded the stock to "buy" from "neutral".
 
BofA says it expects more gains from oil reforms than earlier and raises target price to 534 rupees from 466 rupees.
 
Further, ONGC gained  from weakness in Brent crude, which is at a 16-month low of around $100.70 a barrel, after having posted its third weekly drop in four weeks.
 
The stock opened at Rs 447, touched a high of Rs 456 and a low of Rs 447 on the BSE. A total of 232,304 shares have been exchanged on the BSE so far.
 

RBI intervenes after rupee hits over 5-week highReuters |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 01:04 PM IST
Rupee continues to trade higher post US jobs data
The rupee strengthened to a more than five-week high on Monday, tracking broad overnight losses in the dollar versus major currencies following the weaker-than-anticipated U.S. jobs data.
The rupee is trading at 60.26/27 versus Friday's close of 60.39/40 following weaker-than-expected US jobs data.
 
The RBI is likely buying dollars via state-run banks to prevent further fall in the pair, say traders.
 
Gains in the domestic share market are also weighing on the pair. Nifty is trading up 0.6%.
 
Most other Asian currencies are also trading stronger compared to the dollar.
 
The pair is seen holding in a 60.15 to 60.35 range during the rest of the session.
 Advertisements

ONGC  OIL surge 3-4%; BoA ML upgrades on oil reforms hopesSep 08, 2014, 11.22 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
ONGC, OIL surge 3-4%; BoA ML upgrades on oil reforms hopes
The brokerage has upgrade ONGC to buy from neutral and says ONGC’s FY15-16E ROE is at 22 percent which is highest in Asia Pac E&P universe.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ONGC, OIL surge 3-4%; BoA ML upgrades on oil reforms hopes
The brokerage has upgrade ONGC to buy from neutral and says ONGC’s FY15-16E ROE is at 22 percent which is highest in Asia Pac E&P universe.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Oil and Natural Gas Corporation jumped over 3 percent intraday on Monday while  OIL also soared 4 percent hitting an all-time high of Rs 667.45 per share. Bank of America Merril Lynch is bullish on the stocks with a higher target price expecting more gains from oil reforms.
The brokerage has upgraded ONGC to buy from neutral and says ONGC’s FY15-16E return on equity (ROE) is at 22 percent which is highest in Asia Pac E&P universe.
ONGC is better off under equal subsidy sharing than under the Parikh formula, it adds. BoA ML feels that equal sharing will ensure that the firm’s subsidy falls along with a fall in oil subsidy on diesel deregulation and cut in LPG-kerosene subsidy.
“Assuming equal subsidy sharing but not assuming LPG-kerosene subsidy cut has boosted our target price by 15 percent to Rs 534 per share and FY15-17EEPS by 8-13 percent. ONGC’s FY17E subsidy would be Rs 22800 crore (41 percent) lower than its FY14 subsidy under equal sharing vis-à-vis Rs 14500 crore (26 percent) lower under Parikh formula,” it says in a report.
The brokerage also retains buying rating on Oil India but prefers ONGC over it. It has raised target price on OIL to Rs 777, indicating a 14 percent upside.
At 10:47 hrs ONGC was quoting at Rs 453.50, up Rs 11.00, or 2.49 percent while Oil India was at Rs 662.95, up Rs 18.70, or 2.90 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Nasrin Sultana

SAT stays Sebi s Rs 1 849 cr penalty against SatyamBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 10:31 PM IST
Raju, other ex-Satyam execs get breather on Rs 3k-cr Sebi penalty
Sebi had in July asked Ramalinga Raju and others to disgorge wrongful gains of Rs 1,850 crore, with interest of 12% per annum since January 2009, within 45 days
The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) on Monday stayed a July order of the securities market regulator directing Satyam Computer Services founder Ramalinga Raju and four other executives to disgorge alleged unlawful gains.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) in July had asked Raju and others to disgorge wrongful gains of Rs 1,850 crore, with interest of 12 per cent per annum since January 2009, within 45 days. It had also barred these individuals from accessing the securities market for a period of 14 years, for violation of various securities market regulations, including insider trading.
SAT, which hears appeals by entities aggrieved at Sebi, stayed the penalty till the time it announces its decision on whether to admit the plea, in December. It has also asked the market regulator to explain why such a large amount has been imposed as part of a disgorgement order.
Sebi counsel Mihir Modi sought time till November 7 to file an affidavit stating the regulator's stand. SAT directed Raju and the four others to file a rejoinder or counter-affidavit by December 15. “The appellate will hear the admission plea only after examining the affidavits of both the parties,” said SAT presiding officer J P Devadhar.
ALSO READ:  Satyam case: Sebi bans Raju for 14 yrs; seeks Rs 1,849cr
 
SAT will hear the case in December. The tribunal, however, has upheld the market ban imposed by Sebi on Raju and others. The other four charged by Sebi are B Rama Raju (then managing director of Satyam and Ramalinga Raju’s brother), Vadlamani Srinivas (ex-finance head), G Ramakrishna (ex-vice president) and V S Prabhakara Gupta (ex-head of internal audit). In its 65-page order, Sebi had said these five persons “have committed a sophisticated white collar financial fraud with a pre-meditated and well-thought plan, with deliberate design for personal gains and to the detriment of the company and investors in its securities”.
The Satyam scam first came to light in January 2009, through a confessional letter written by Raju himself saying he had forged documents to mis-state the company's earnings.
 Advertisements

78 sexual offence cases against children reported in Muzaffarnagar in 9 monthsPress Trust of India | Muzaffarnagar | Posted: September 8, 2014 12:06 pm
At least 76 cases of sexual offence against children have been reported in last nine months in this western Uttar Pradesh district.
According to police records, 78 cases have been registered in various police stations under Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act, 2012 and also various sections of Indian Penal Code from December 19, 2013 to August 30, 2014.
Forty-nine out of 78 were rape cases and the rest were of eve-teasing and kidnapping in the district, the statistics said.
A special court of Additional District Sessions Judge Manyank Chouhan has started hearing these cases.
The victims’ statement in this connection has been recorded under section 164 of CrPc.

Expect progress in Kochi-M lore pipeline by FY15: PetronetThe Kerala government has started renewed efforts to see that Kochi to Mangalore pipeline is facilitated
A.K Balyan
CEO and MD
Petronet LNG
CLSA has downgraded  Petronet LNG to underperform due to lack of approvals for its Kochi pipeline which will not allow breakeven before FY18. It cuts the FY16 EPS estimates by 2-5 percent with a target price of Rs 195 per share.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, A K Balyan, the CEO and MD of the company says the lack of pipeline connectivity is the main issue with the Kochi-Mangalore link. The company, however, expects the Kochi-Bangalore pipeline to start soon.
According to Balyan, Kerala government has taken the initiative to start the Kochi-Mangalore pipeline soon and the company is confident of significant progress by the end of this financial year.
The company’s Dahej terminal in Gujarat operated at nearly 110 percent capacity in Q1FY15 and is expected to operate at the same capacity levels going forward.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: A big brokerage recently downgraded this stock. One of the key concerns that they have is that lack of approvals on the Phase II pipeline will force the Kochi terminal to stay in losses for three years plus. Can you give us a sense in terms of the approvals for the Phase II pipeline, where does it stand and do you think that Kochi terminal will be in losses for that long?
A: Kochi has only one concern which is about the lack of pipeline connectivity. As you know the pipeline, Kochi to Mangalore is actually having two segments, one is Kochi-Mangalore and other is Kochi-Bangalore via Tamil Nadu.
The segment which is via Tamil Nadu, the state government of Tamil Nadu had raised some issues and had gone to court so the matter is under litigation. The high court had given verdict in favour of GAIL.
We hope in next month’s time this matter would be settled and that the pipeline work would start soon.
The other pipeline which is Kochi to Mangalore which is within Kerala, we hear that the Kerala government has started renewed efforts to see that the pipeline is facilitated.
GAIL  has also reconstituted and strengthened their team so I think there is a lot of renewed initiative and thrust to see that the pipelines come in time. We hope that once the pipeline work starts, it shouldn’t take more than six-eight months time to really complete. So we expect that within this financial year significant progress should come.
Q: Do you notice any significant improvement in centre-state conversation with the new government?
A: Yes. The state government formed a new committee of senior officers from the planning board along with district collectors of the concerned districts to overview and facilitate the pipeline.
Also the ministry, central government is giving an indication to the state government that this is too important a project and therefore, needs to be monitored closely. So all these efforts show that there is a concern and there is an urgency now coming up to put this project on fast track and also monitor it closely.
By March onwards there should be a significant improvement on that. Meanwhile, we have started working on an alternate initiative of having some reload and storage facilities being given to some international players who had shown lot of interest so that our terminal gets utilised for higher capacity. We might start on this project next month.
Q: By when will the Mangalore line start construction and by when will the Tamil Nadu line and Bangalore line start construction?
A: The Kochi and Mangalore pipeline has been taken in, there are seven-eight segments that were awarded so some work in a very discontinued kind of manner. So the progress is very low but the ROU is in place in quite a good distance in different districts.
The GAIL team feels confident that once the state facilitates, the district collectors are there, they would have a better dialogue with people primarily because of some compensation issues or little rerouting which is normal in any pipeline projects. Once this is facilitated the actual 380-400 kms shouldn’t take more than six-eight months.
Q: What are your trading margins for this quarter and are there any internal estimates that you can share with us for this fiscal?
A: As of now the volumes seem pretty good. Last quarter also we had operated Dahej terminal, which operated more than its capacity. We see a similar trend happening and so, volumes have been pretty good.
We have done more numbers of spot cargos compared to last quarter. So I can only say that the margins should be good, volumes should be good and the similar trend persists.
Petronet LNG stock price
On September 10, 2014, Petronet LNG closed at Rs 186.70, down Rs 1.05, or 0.56 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 204.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 102.50.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 8.58 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 21.76. The latest book value of the company is Rs 66.48 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.81.
RELATED NEWS

J&K floods ground report: Situation worsens in Srinagar  people await rescue teamsWatch: Former MP Saifuddin Soz heckled by flood victims in Srinagar
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Sterling  British shares under pressure from Scottish voteSterling, British shares under pressure from Scottish vote
Reuters
Tweet
Tokyo, Sept 8:  
Sterling declined on Monday and British shares look set to underperform their peers in Europe after a poll found rising support for Scottish independence.
European shares are expected to enjoy a firm tone on the whole, following gains on Wall Street, with German shares seen rising up to 0.4 per cent and French shares as much as 0.2 per cent.
Scottish independence campaign
Britain’s shares are seen less fortunate, however, with spreadbetters seeing a flat to weaker opening after a poll showed the “yes’’ to Scottish independence campaign on 51 per cent against 49 per cent for the “no’’ camp ahead of the September 18 referendum.
Sterling also shed 0.8 per cent to $1.6208 after sliding as low as $1.6165 in early trade, the lowest since last November and the biggest daily drop in eight months.
US jobs report
Apart from that, share prices are generally supported after traders interpreted downbeat US jobs report as suggesting the Federal Reserve will hold off on hiking interest rates anytime soon.
The S&P 500 hit a fresh closing high on Friday after data on Friday showed US nonfarm payrolls grew only 142,000 last month, far below the 225,000 forecast by analysts in a Reuters poll.
Nikkei stock average
The Nikkei stock average climbed about 0.2 per cent, shrugging off data that showed Japanese economy fell into a deeper hole in the second quarter.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.1 per cent, not helped by Chinese trade data, which showed unexpected fall in imports, raising concerns about tepid domestic demand in the world's second largest economy.
Indonesia's Jakarta Composite Index, meanwhile, hit a record high in early trading, besting the previous record set in May 2013.
Currency movement
In contrast to sterling’s sharp moves, other major currencies were treading water. The dollar was steady on the day at 105.13 yen, remaining shy of its near six-year high of 105.71 touched on Friday.
The euro also steadied at $1.2936, holding just above a 14-month low of $1.2920 hit last week in the wake of the European Central Bank's easing steps on Thursday.
Net short positions in the euro ballooned in the week ended September 2, rising to their largest in more than two years, according to Commodity Futures Trading Commission data released on Friday.
“The less extreme positioning in sterling and the looming Scottish referendum may mean that sterling lags behind the euro during the days ahead,’’ Marc Chandler, global head of currency strategy at Brown Brothers Harriman in New York, said in a note to clients.
Gold, crude oil
On the commodities front, spot gold was flat at $1,268.61 an ounce, well above a three-month low of $1,256.90 hit on Friday before the US jobs data.
Brent crude edged up 0.1 per cent to $100.96 a barrel, after having posted its third weekly drop in four weeks.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Nikkei rises as US jobs data signals low ratesNikkei rises as US jobs data signals low rates
Reuters
Tweet
Tokyo, Sept 8:  
Japanese stocks edged up on Monday in choppy trade as weaker-than-expected US jobs data spurred hopes that the US interest rates will stay low, while Rakuten Inc tumbled on news of a deal to buy a US rebate site operator.
Index heavy-weight SoftBank Corp, which has a stake of more than 30 per cent in Alibaba, rose 2.1 per cent and contributed a hefty 18.87 points to the Nikkei index on news that Alibaba Group Holding Ltd expects to price its initial public offering between $60 and $66 a share.
The Nikkei closed up 0.2 per cent at 15,705.11, not too far from its seven-month high of 15,829.38 hit last week.
The broader Topix rose 0.4 per cent to 1,298.64, with only 1.78 billion shares changing hands, the lowest since September 1. The JPX-Nikkei Index 400 gained 0.4 per cent to 11,778.63.
Rakuten Inc dropped 4.2 per cent after the Nikkei newspaper reported the Japanese online retailer is finalising a deal to buy US rebate site operator Ebates for more than ¥100 billion ($951 million). Rakuten's move to tap into overseas markets is seen as a positive, fund managers said, but some remain cautious about its aggressive investment strategy.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Pension reforms miss the wood for the treesPension reforms miss the wood for the trees
AARATI KRISHNAN
A majority of the workforce today lacks any form of retirement security
September 8, 2014:  
It is strange how any debate about India’s pension sector often gets bogged down on details even as the big picture is completely ignored. The Employees Provident Fund Organisation’s (EPFO) recent decision to set its interest rates at 8.75 per cent for this fiscal was the cue for a raging debate on whether or not it should invest in the stock market. The recent passage of the Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority Act (PFRDA) generated a lot of heat about foreign investors being allowed to manage India’s retirement savings.
Yet, the basic truth is this: a majority of the workforce today lacks any form of retirement security. Though India is likely to see its 60-plus population swell from 80 million to nearly 200 million over the next 15 years, nearly 90 per cent of these people are not covered by any formal pension scheme.
EPFO — A year at a time
Then there is the fact that even those who are supposedly covered by formal pension schemes aren’t really assured of a reasonable retirement kitty. Take the over 8 crore subscribers of the EPFO. Though their monthly contributions to the EPF are well-defined, the returns they can hope to earn from this fund aren’t. The rate at which one’s retirement savings grows under the scheme is determined by the interest rates announced by the EPFO trustees each year. The primary purpose of any retirement fund is to generate inflation-beating returns. Even as consumer price inflation (CPI) has accelerated in the last three years, the returns declared by the EPFO have declined. Against the CPI inflation of 8.4 per cent, 10.2 per cent and 9.5 per cent, respectively, over 2011-12, 2012-13 and 2013-14, the EPFO declared interest rates of 8.25 per cent, 8.50 per cent and 8.75 per cent, respectively, for these three years. These are much lower than the 9.5 per cent declared in 2010-11.
Returns this year may prove higher than inflation but that is more due to the latter moderating than because of the EPFO getting its act together.
Over the long-term, the fund’s inability to deliver over inflation can cost its subscribers dear. They may be left with much lower purchasing power than they expected when they retire.
The usual solution offered to this problem is to let the EPFO invest, say, 10-15 per cent of its corpus in equities. But investing in equities requires hands-on portfolio management, a good sense of market timing, and an ability to actively churn the portfolio in tune with shifting macro indicators. The organisation has so far demonstrated very little ability on these.
For one, its current investment strategy, if one can call it that, is restricted mainly to buying and holding Government securities (about 40 per cent of the assets), and parking funds in deposits and bonds of public sector institutions (32 per cent of assets) and the special deposit scheme of the Government (about 11 per cent).
Not only are its investments subject to rigid and archaic guidelines but they are also further moderated by its Board of Trustees. As a result, the EPFO hasn’t even explored triple-A rated corporate bonds or debt mutual funds, which are allowed under its restrictive mandate. More active management of the debt portfolio is the need of the hour, before the fund can jump headlong into equities.
Two, the decision (since 2008) to appoint private fund managers to manage the EPFO’s Rs.5-lakh crore-plus corpus hasn’t generated material benefits for its subscribers either. The restrictive investment rules do not allow these managers to manage the portfolio for the best results. The inexplicable decision to appoint these fund managers only for three years at a time has also made for low interest as well as accountability from the chosen managers.
And to top it all, fund managers are selected not mainly for their track record or governance but on the basis of who bids the lowest management fee. In the previous round of auctions in 2011, ICICI Prudential AMC, the best performing manager in the preceding three years was dropped. The term of the current managers is expiring this month and it is critical for the EPFO to review both the term and the selection criteria.
NPS’ woes
Subscribers to the National Pension Scheme (NPS) are luckier than those in the EPFO when it comes to returns. The NPS is the default pension manager for all Government employees since 2003 and is also open to private and informal sector workers.
Given that this scheme offers a wide menu of asset classes (equities, private and Government bonds and money market instruments) to its managers, most plans have managed to generate a double-digit or at least inflation-beating return. The scheme also allows the employee to choose between managers based on their individual return record and freely switch between them. This has led to better accountability and performance.
But the NPS too is not without its share of problems. Fund managers are appointed for five-year terms after which they may be changed or replaced. The managers are again selected primarily based on the fee they bid to manage the assets; Reliance Capital bid 1 basis point or 1 paisa per Rs100 in the recent auctions.
Given that a 200-300 basis point fee is the norm to manage mutual fund or insurance assets, the question is whether such rock-bottom fees will encourage private managers to deploy their best resources or skills in managing NPS funds.
If you ask the lay investor what is the one quality that he would like from the manager of his retirement savings, his answer would undoubtedly be ‘stability’. Therefore, it is critical for the NPS to re-examine how it can grant its top performing portfolio managers a longer tenure so that they can manage the corpus with a long-term orientation.
Provided these glitches are ironed out, the NPS, with its voluntary subscriptions and transparent and flexible plans, can, in fact, emerge as the default retirement solution for most Indians.
Of course, this cannot be accomplished on a shoe-string budget. It would require active marketing effort by the Centre and distribution incentives that prompt banks, post offices, and other financial intermediaries to actively showcase the scheme as a good retirement option for the lakhs of Indian workers who today have no retirement benefits at all.
(This article first appeared in The Hindu dated Sept 8.)
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Bharti Airtel to sell over 3 500 towers to Eaton in AfricaReuters |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 11:24 AM IST
Bharti Airtel to sell over 3,500 towers to Eaton in Africa
Bharti Airtel Ltd  has agreed to sell more than 3,500 of its mobile phone masts in six African countries to telecommunications tower company Eaton Towers in a bid to cut costs, the companies said on Monday.
Bharti Airtel Ltd
has agreed to sell more than 3,500 of its mobile phone masts in six African countries to telecommunications tower company Eaton Towers in a bid to cut costs, the companies said on Monday.
Bharti Airtel will lease back the towers from Eaton under a 10-year contract, the companies said in a statement. They did not disclose financial details of the deal.
In July, Bharti Airtel agreed to sell about 3,100 masts in four African countries to Helios Towers Africa.
The sales are part of the group's plan to divest most of its more than 15,000 towers in Africa in a process that sources have said could raise up to $2 billion.
 Advertisements

Two Australians dead  18 tourists hurt in Kenya crashPrint
Agence-France Presse | Sydney | Posted: September 8, 2014 12:20 pm
Two Australians were killed and 18 tourists hospitalised when a bus plunged into a river after a tyre burst on a steep section of road in Kenya, officials said on Monday.
Tour operator Intrepid Travel said 25 people – 22 tourists and three local staff – were on board when the bus careered down an embankment outside Nairobi on Sunday night.
“Unfortunately there have been two Australian fatalities confirmed,” the agency said in a statement on its Australian website.
“Other passengers have required hospital treatment for a range of injuries.”
“Eighteen travellers and all staff have been transferred to a hospital in Nairobi for further assessment, with two remaining in local hospitals to be treated.”
Local reports said the others on board included tourists from Britain and the United States.
Australian foreign affairs officials said consular assistance was being provided to the families of those who died and were hurt.
“It’s awful beyond belief for the families of all of those involved,” Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said.
Intrepid said its co-founder Geoff Manchester was heading to Nairobi on Monday to provide support.

Massive rescue operation underway as flood situation remains grim in J&K; parts of Srinagar still under waterDrivers of a medical van came out as they wait for the evacuation in the Athwajan- on the city outkirts on Friday. (Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Written by Pranav Kulkarni | Srinagar | Posted: September 8, 2014 12:18 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 3:41 pm
A day after Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to flood affected Jammu and Kashmir, the army received orders to airlift as many people as possible out of Srinagar, following which a massive operation has been launched to evacuate and subsequently fly people to locations such as Delhi, Pathankot, and Chandigarh.
The fixed wing aircraft of the Indian Air Force such as AN-21, IL-76, C-130, C-70 besides the MI-17, Cheetah and ALH helicopters have been doing non-stop sorties bringing in tons of ration from Delhi and then carrying people outside of the valley.
Helpline numbers: New Delhi J&K House – 011- 24611210, 24611108; Srinagar- 0194-2452138; Jammu – 0191-2560401; Home Ministry – 011-23093054, 23092763; NDRF – 09711077372
The Army has established three relief camps at places such as old Srinagar airfield, Avantipura in south Kashmir, and Badamibagh cantonment which is the biggest camp where more than 2000 people have been lodged.
By 6 am on Monday, almost 17000 people had been evacuated from Kashmir valley. This number is expected to be reach to 30,000 by the end of the day.
Clearances were received in the morning to put civilians on board service aircraft and as an standard operating procedure, boats are being used to vacate people to areas from where they can be airlifted by the choppers and subsequently to safer zones or rescue camps.
Almost 30 tonnes of water has been asked to be delivered across the valley which will be brought by the IL-76. In Badamibagh cantonment alone, ration sufficient for only about 17 days is available and the army personnel themselves have restricted their meals to just khichdi. Two designated army bakeries are producing bread overnight to ensure uninterrupted supply even as additional rations including medicine, tents, beds, blankets are being flown in.
While civilians trapped on rooftops is a common sight in Srinagar, politicians and VIPs too have not been spared from the havoc. Take for instance, PDP leader Mehbooba Mufti, who met Corps commander Lt Gen Subrata Saha in the morning.
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah has been provided with army’s own mobile communication system to improve coordination as civilian networks have collapsed. Among those who are trapped in the waters are IGPs, divisional commissioner who the army now plans to winch out.
Three of 28 Pakistani women, who had come to Srinagar for a SAARC sporting event, were rescued by the Army from Renaissance Hotel near Broadway Cinema. Meher Hasan Rafi, 35, Rubina Hasan, 55 and one Anamika, 26, waved out to the continued…
"We have launched a massive operation in the state and divided the state into three zones for smooth conduct of operations," said NDRF chief.

Firm told to pay in USD to settle overseas m...Pay in US Dollar to settle overseas mediclaim policy, firm told
By Jehangir B Gai, TNN | 8 Sep, 2014, 12.00PM IST
0
Share More
Bhupinder Singh Kumar, who fought out a case and got a direction from the consumer court that the claim should be settled by paying the hospital in US dollar.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
An overseas travel policy includes coverage for unexpected illness and hospitalization while travelling abroad. So hospitals treat patients and discharge them in good faith without charging money, expecting insurance companies to honour the claims. Later, when the companies refuse to settle the claims, hospitals send demand notices to patients, who by then have already returned to India. Thus, Indian insurance companies have been spoiling the country's reputation abroad, leaving consumers in an awkward situation. Here is the case of Bhupinder Singh Kumar , who fought out a case and got a direction from the consumer court that the claim should be settled by paying the hospital in US dollar .
Case Study: Kumar had obtained a Travel Super Age Lite policy from Bajaj Allianz General Insurance before travelling to America. He was charged a premium of Rs 44,090 for a policy valid from May 4 to May 26 2012.
In New York , on May 14, he developed chest pain and palpitation and was rushed to NYU Hospitals Centre . He was hospitalized overnight and discharged on May 15. The total hospital bill came to US$12,532.13. Kumar lodged a claim in which he disclosed that in about 15 years ago, he had undergone a bypass surgery in 1997 for a cardiac problem. Citing heart problem to be a pre-existing disease, the insurance company repudiated the claim.
Kumar filed a complaint before the Central Mumbai District Forum. He pointed out that after the bypass surgery, he had been leading an active and normal life. He used to periodically get himself checked up. The stress test reports prior to travelling abroad and even on returning were normal. He pointed out that a person with a heart problem would not be discharged and fit in 24 hours of hospitalization. Even the treating doctor had certified that the sudden chest pain and palpitation were not due to the earlier cardiac problem.
The insurance company was served with a notice by the forum, but did not bother to appear on two consecutive dates, so the forum decided to proceed ex parte. The insurance company then tried to contest the matter, to which permission was denied. Its appeal to the state commission against this order was also rejected. The company was allowed to argue the matter before the district forum.
The forum observed that the insurance company had failed to contest the case by producing the proposal form to substantiate its contention about pre-existing disease. Relying on a judgment of the national commission in the case of New India Assurance Co v/s Vasant Rao, the forum concluded that heart problem could not be considered to be pre-existing after a successful bypass surgery as Kumar had been leading a normal life since the past 15 years. Besides, the claim form signed by the hospital's doctor, specifically mentioned that the illness was not due to any pre-existing condition. The forum held that the repudiation was unwarranted and constituted a deficiency in service.
Accordingly, by its September 1 judgment, delivered by B S Wasekar for the bench along with H K Bhaise, the forum directed the insurance company to pay USD 12,482.13 to NYU Hospital Centre and report the compliance. It also awarded Kumar Rs 10,000 as compensation and Rs 5,000 towards costs of litigation.
Impact: Since foreign exchange rates keep on fluctuating and there could be a wide variation in the rate when the insured is hospitalized and the complaint is decided, it is preferable to make a claim in US dollars. Also, since this money is payable to the hospital and not to the insured, it is more convenient if the insurance company is directed to make payment directly to the hospital.
Since foreign exchange rates keep on fluctuating and there could be a wide variation in the rate when the insured is hospitalized and the complaint is decided, it is preferable to make a claim in US dollars.
(The author is a consumer activist and has won the government of India's national youth award for consumer protection.)

NSA Susan Rice holds talks ahead of Obamas China visitUpdated: September 8, 2014 12:59 IST
NSA Susan Rice holds talks ahead of Obama’s China visit
DPA
AP US National Security Adviser Susan Rice
TOPICS
international relations
US National Security Adviser Susan Rice met Chinese officials on Monday for talks that were expected to focus on building consensus ahead of US President Barack Obama’s visit to Beijing in November.
Chinese state media said Ms. Rice’s visit fell at “a particularly critical time when it is of great urgency for the United States to reaffirm its commitment and sincerity to Beijing.”
Before closed talks with State Councillor Yang Jiechi, China’s top diplomat, Mr. Rice said Mr. Obama had sent her to Beijing “because of the priority he attaches to US-China relations.”
“Having this kind of high-level continuing dialogue is helpful to enable us to sustain and to deepen the type of productive relations and good work that’s necessary for US interests, for China’s interests, and for the interests of the global community,” she said.
Mr. Obama was looking forward to “the opportunity to have yet another very important round of bilateral discussions” with the leaders of China and other nations at an Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in November, Ms. Rice said.

We need a trade deal with the US: EC CommissionerSep 08, 2014, 12.29 PM IST  | Source: CNBC
We need a trade deal with the US: EC Commissioner
Talks on the EU-US  free trade deal, known as the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership, or TTIP, began last year and have faced opposition in Europe.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
We need a trade deal with the US: EC Commissioner
Talks on the EU-US  free trade deal, known as the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership, or TTIP, began last year and have faced opposition in Europe.
Post your opinion here
 
The European Union needs to secure a free trade deal with the US , Jyrki Katainen, former Finnish prime minister in the running for vice presidency at the European Commission, told CNBC.
Talks on the EU-US  free trade deal, known as the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership, or TTIP, began last year and have faced opposition in Europe.
French politician Marine Le Pen, president of the right wing Front National Party, is campaigning against the deal, arguing that unfettered transatlantic commerce would damage vulnerable national industries and hit employment.
But Katainen, who currently serves as the European Commissioner for Economic and Monetary Affairs, fully backs the deal.
"We need a free trade agreement with the United States," he said, adding that an energy union and a single market were also pivotal.
"These are the issues which could help all of Europe increase competitiveness, increase competition, and this is the way we get more jobs...We need more opportunities for our small and medium-sized [companies,] but also for the bigger companies, to go to the US  market," he added.
The European Commissioner also reiterated his view that structural reform is still a much-needed objective in Europe and acknowledged that increasing demand is an important factor in stimulating growth.
"The European economic challenges are more structural in nature than cyclical... what I personally hope is that all the member states would do more on the structural side, like with the labor market, in some countries we need pension reforms, in some countries we need a better single market in order to strengthen competitiveness," he said.
"Because we are not only competing between ourselves in Europe, but we should be more competitive on a global scale," he added.
Scottish independence
A huge talking point in Europe at the moment is the Scottish referendum on September 18, especially after a Sunday Times poll revealed Scottish people are leaning towards a `yes` vote, marking a shift in sentiment.
Many analysts believe that if Scotland separates it could send tremors through Europe, because of what it means for the U.K.`s economy and political power, and for other smaller regional groups in Europe.
Katainen declined to comment on the implications of the referendum, but hinted that a weaker UK wouldn`t be positive for Europe.
"I don`t want to speculate about the result of the Scotland referendum because it`s not my duty at all, but what we need in Europe is a strong United Kingdom influencing matters when we are developing Europe,"he said.
"The only thing I want is stability, whatever threatens stability I hope that we can solve it," he added.
The European Commissioner also commented on Ukraine and said the European Union would remain a strong partner to Ukraine during its time of crisis, but said the troubled economy would also have to do its part.
"Of course it means that there must be a strong commitment of decision makers in Ukraine to follow the path of rule of law, of democratic and transparent society," he added.
President of the EC Jean-Claude Juncker is expected to appoint approximately six new vice presidents in around two weeks` time.
Copyright 2011 cnbc.com

Bullish auto  banking; cheap stocks available: BNP ParibasLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bullish auto, banking; cheap stocks available: BNP Paribas
Raychaudhuri says oil marketing companies continue to look attractive and sees a high possibility of diesel prices being deregulated
Post your opinion here
 
Foreign institutional investors’ attention on India has wavered a bit over the last 3-4 months, and they are eyeing investments in other emerging markets like China, feels Manishi Raychaudhuri, Managing Director and Asian Equity Strategist, BNP Paribas India.
In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy, he says it is not difficult to find stocks available at attractive valuations despite the recent market rally.
He says oil marketing companies continue to look attractive and sees a high possibility of diesel prices being deregulated. He is also bullish on banking, autos, engineering and export-driven companies.
Below is a verbatim transcript of the interview
Latha: What is the sense you are getting, as the markets touch all time highs are you worried about valuations at this point?
A: There are certain stocks, there are certain sectors, which are clearly close to their highs. I would think that investors at this point of time should be discerning about, which stocks and which sectors they should invest in; we are seeing that among the FII investors as well.
For example, I don’t think Indian inflows have suffered on an absolute basis but they have suffered on a relative basis. If you look at the first half of 2014 and even the last couple of months of 2013, India was getting almost about 60 percent of the total FII flows into Asia. However, if you look at last three to four months it has got somewhere around 30 percent.
Some of the so-called competing markets in the emerging market universe like China and Korea, they have also got very strong inflows which indicates that the FII attention is possibly getting diverted away from India slightly. It is not yet a major concern because we have not yet seen FII selling. The only thing that it indicates is that the FIIs are looking for alternative investment avenues in terms of geographies within Asia and emerging markets.
Sonia: One of the sectors that have stood out in terms of outperformance has been the entire oil and gas space. Now that we have diesel underrecoveries which are completely negligible at this point in time and we have Brent which is also at USD 100 per barrel are you optimistic on further gains for the oil and gas space and your stance on the sector as a whole?
A: With this rather unexpected decline and moderation in oil prices I think certain stocks, let us say the oil marketing and refining stocks, they still do look attractive selectively even though they have done phenomenally well. However, as you rightly pointed out underrecoveries are close to zero and as a consequence there is a real possibility of diesel deregulation going forward.
It would mean that after petrol even the recurring subsidies on diesel would be zero. So, there is a great deal of uncertainty about the refining and marketing companies that would be taken away. Even the coking fuel subsidies are declining almost everyday. So, I think the refining and marketing companies particularly those which are also creating alternative businesses for themselves, they do look attractive.
As far as the exploration companies are concerned, it is kind of a mixed bag. For them the subsidies do tend go down but after a certain stage, the revenues that they get purely out of oil exploration that tends to decline. So, the exploration companies are a bit of a question mark at this point but the refining and marketing still looks okay.
Latha: We have got a lot of people speaking about 9000 in March and earlier today we got a target of 10000 by December 2015. These are tall targets of course but March is not all that far away. Six months 9000 you think is doable?
A: When we talk about 9000 on the Nifty we are essentially talking about somewhere close to 30000 on the Sensex. If you look at purely at valuations, currently the market is trading somewhere around 16 times one year forward PE. If we do have Sensex at somewhere around 30000, that is approximately 10 percent higher, it would be about 17.5-17.8 somewhere in that range which would mean that it is almost close to one standard deviation higher.
In a nutshell what I am trying to say is that if we see Sensex at 30000 or Nifty at 9000 six months down the line then I would not be concerned about valuations. However, if we see it today, maybe over next one month or one and a half months then there would clearly be a valuation concern at those levels.
RELATED NEWS

What Alibaba learned from Facebook s IPO flopSep 08, 2014, 12.20 PM IST  | Source: CNBC
What Alibaba learned from Facebook's IPO flop
The Chinese e-commerce behemoth on Friday said it expects to price its IPO between USD 60 and USD 66 per share to raise as much as USD 24.3 billion - making it the largest US  public offering in history.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
What Alibaba learned from Facebook's IPO flop
The Chinese e-commerce behemoth on Friday said it expects to price its IPO between USD 60 and USD 66 per share to raise as much as USD 24.3 billion - making it the largest US  public offering in history.
Post your opinion here
 
By pricing Alibaba `s widely-anticipated initial public offering (IPO) below market expectations, CEO Jack Ma is seeking to avoid a repetition of internet peer Facebook`s disaster debut, say analysts.
"Jack Ma is very astute and he noticed that Facebook tripped over its initial public offering and doesn`t want to do the same thing, so better to low ball it a bit and let it rise as it goes into the market than let the public investors feel like they have been short changed and had paid too much," Roger Kay, president at Endpoint Technologies told CNBC on Monday.
The Chinese e-commerce behemoth on Friday said it expects to price its IPO between USD 60 and USD 66 per share to raise as much as USD 24.3 billion - making it the largest US  public offering in history.
At USD 66 a piece, Alibaba would be valued at USD 163 billion - below analysts` expectations for a valuation of more than USD 200 billion.
Facebook, the world`s largest technology IPO to date, raised USD 16.01 billion in its May 2012 debut in New York. It had a market capitalization of USD 81.25 billion, according to Associated Press.
Shares of the social networking giant lost one-third of their value within two months of their debut.
However, some analysts believe Alibaba may eventually price above the initial range if investor demand is stronger than anticipated.
Alibaba is due to kick off its roadshow in New York on Monday and is expected to hold 100 meetings in less than two weeks.
Under the proposed timeline, Alibaba shares will be priced on Sept. 18, and will begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange the following day, under the ticker symbol BABA.
"The valuation here is really below what we had expected. We are expecting [a valuation of around] USD 200 billion, which would translate into USD 90-100 per share," said Henry Guo, senior research analyst at JG Capital.
Guo is optimistic that Alibaba shares will avoid a Facebook-like debut flop and perform well on their first day of trade.
"When I talk to investors in the US , the overall view is very positive. I`m expecting a very good first day of trade," he said.
Not everyone`s sold on Alibaba`s story, though.
Jeff Dorr, equity analyst at J Capital Research says with Alibaba`s 80 percent market share in online retail sales in China, growth prospects are limited.
Dorr added that expansion into the US  will prove challenging for the e-commerce giant.
"Competition is a bit stiffer with Amazon and eBay  heavily entrenched. I expect Alibaba will have a more difficult time getting into the US  market," he said.
Difficulty in valuing the highly complex company is also deterring some investors.
Alibaba`s business involves several moving parts including business-to-business online web portals, online retail and payment services, a shopping search engine and data-centric cloud computing services.
"It`s a very interesting company, it really owns the e-commerce space in China, but then saying what it`s really worth, is a difficult one," Sam Le Cornu, senior portfolio manager for Asia listed equities atMacquarie Funds Group.
"There`s a lot of press on this deal [but] this is one we`re probably going to pass on," he added.
Copyright 2011 cnbc.com

Update: Airtel Sells African Towers To EatonUpdate: Airtel Sells African Towers To Eaton
Brent recovers after Chinese data  but still below $101Brent recovers after Chinese data  but still below $101
2G case: SC asks CBI Dir to file affidavit by next Monday2G case: SC asks CBI Dir to file affidavit by next Monday
Key ratios you must look at before investmentKey ratios you must look at before investment
Massive rescue operation underway in J-K  death toll in floods rises to 150Massive rescue operation underway in J-K  death toll in floods rises to 150
Sashwat Technocrats to hold AGMSashwat Technocrats to hold AGM
Goa Carbons - Change in DirectorateGoa Carbons - Change in Directorate
Indiabulls Housing Finance to hold board meetingIndiabulls Housing Finance to hold board meeting
RBI report and aam aadmiRBI report and aam aadmi
Crude oil futures trade steady in early Asian dealsCrude oil futures trade steady in early Asian deals
Venus Remedies jumps 7%Sep 08, 2014, 12.13 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Venus Remedies up 7%, ties up with Mylan to sell antibiotic
"This deal with Mylan, the world's third largest generic drug manufacturer, will enable Venus to market meropenem in Denmark, Sweden and Finland for a period of five years," said the company in its filing.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Venus Remedies up 7%, ties up with Mylan to sell antibiotic
"This deal with Mylan, the world's third largest generic drug manufacturer, will enable Venus to market meropenem in Denmark, Sweden and Finland for a period of five years," said the company in its filing.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors lapped up shares of  Venus Remedies on Monday after it has tied up with Mylan for marketing antibiotic drug in three European countries. The stock gained as much as 7 percent intraday.
"This deal with Mylan, the world's third largest generic drug manufacturer, will enable Venus to market meropenem in Denmark, Sweden and Finland for a period of five years," said the company in its filing.
Venus will manufacture the drug at its Baddi facility, which recently got a renewed European Union Good Manufacturing Practices certification, while the batch release and logistics will be handled by its Germany facility Venus Pharma GmbH.
The company already has a non-exclusive marketing tie-up with Mylan for the same product in France, where the drug has been launched. As per IMS Health, the market size for this product in three countries is approximately euro 12.54 million.
Meropenem belongs to the carbapenem class of antibiotics and can be used effectively in both children and adults. Venus has secured more than 60 marketing authorisations for meropenem throughout the world.
At 11:45 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 292.30, up Rs 16.60, or 6.02 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Facebook to count viewers of your videosFB takes on YouTube, adds view counts to your videos
KV Kurmanath
Social networking giant aims at bigger digital advertising revenues
Hyderabad, Sept 8:  
Taking a cue from YouTube, Facebook now has decided to show how many times that video you posted on the wall is viewed. As it gives an instant gratification for the Facebook users, the move is aimed at shoring up its ad revenues.
The publishers of videos on Facebook will now be able to see how their videos have fared. More views would result in more ads to the Page or to the wall. The social networking site has announced that it would roll out this feature this week.
The move would help better monetise the video content on the social networking site that is currently witnessing a billion views every day. YouTube, the most popular video-sharing site owned by Google, introduced this feature long ago, counting the number of views instantly. This allows the firm immediately sell the audience base to advertisers.
Fidji Simo, Project Management Director (Video) of Facebook, said in a statement here that the new feature would help people discover new, popular videos.
“Growth in video views exceeded 50 per cent from May through July of this year, and since June there has been an average of more than 1 billion video views on Facebook every day,” Simo said.
The site will throw up some suggestions soon after you finish watching video that might go well with your earlier choice.
The FB executive said that publishers and public figures are also creating and sharing more video contents on Facebook, from media organisations to exclusive releases and behind-the-scenes videos from public figures.
“Publishers now have more detailed metrics and better tools to help them reach their audience on FB. Call to action is one such tool, allowing content creators to invite people to visit a destination, such as a website, after the video ends,” the executive pointed out.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Haryana Roadways employees call off strikeHaryana Roadways employees call off strike
PTI
Tweet
Chandigarh, Sept 8:  
Haryana Roadways employees today called off their strike against the government’s move to grant route permits to private bus operators, after their talks with State Transport Minister Aftab Ahmed this morning.
“We have decided to call off the strike and suspend our stir. The Government has agreed to suspend granting 3,510 route permits to private bus operators. In our meeting today, it has been decided to leave the matter for the next government,” Haryana Roadways Workers Union (HRWU) President Sarbat Singh Punia said.
The workers were on an indefinite strike since two days, crippling the bus services and causing inconvenience to passengers across the state.
The employees were protesting the state government’s move to grant 3,510 route permits to private bus operators.
Aftab Ahmed, who was in Delhi, was not immediately available for his comment.
Punia said that Haryana Roadways bus services would normalise soon as they were conveying the decision arrived at today’s meeting to the concerned employees.
Yesterday, the talks between Aftab Alam and union leaders held at Karnal had failed to bear fruit.
A large number of passengers had remained stranded across the State as the state transport buses remained off route during the strike period as the Haryana Roadways employees had given a call of indefinite “chakkka jam’ on Saturday.
Jowel had earlier said that Haryana Roadways has a fleet of nearly 4,000 buses against a demand of 30,000 buses and it was not sufficient to meet the growing rush of commuters.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Godavari water level rises alarmingly in AP and TelanganaGodavari water level rises alarmingly in AP and Telangana
PTI
Tweet
Rajahmundry (AP), Sept 8:  
Water level of the Godavari river rose alarmingly and reached more than 11 feet at Dowleswaram barrage in East Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh today morning, district officials monitoring the situation said.
District collector Neetu Prasad alerted revenue, irrigation, police officials in view of a flood threat to the district and held a review meeting with officials on the alarming increase of water level at the Dowleswaram barrage.
“So far, as per available information from irrigation officials, the water level at Dowleswaram barrage is more than 11 feet and water level is rising alarmingly due to good rains in catchment areas,” the collector said.
All precautionary measures have been taken in view of flood of threat to the district, she said, adding that the danger flag will be hoisted when water level reaches 12.5 feet.
Meanwhile, irrigation, revenue and other district officials are monitoring water levels at various places near the Godavari and intensified checking of tank bunds, as a preventive measure to find damage or cracks to these bunds, as well as kept sand bags ready near tank bunds to plug any leaks, she said.
She said that 9.30 lakh cusecs of water have been released into the sea and control rooms have been set up to monitor water levels and inform the public.
Meanwhile, a report from Bhadrachalam said that the third warning flag has been hoisted there after the water level reached 53.6 today morning and submerged some areas in Khammam district of Telangana state.
Road traffic was affected in Kunnavaram, Vajedu, Venkatapuram and Cherla in the district.
“Water level is likely to increase by evening,” an irrigation official said.
The district administration is keenly watching the situation in the district and has alerted revenue and irrigation officials after water entered some mandals in the district.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Japans GDP growth shrinks 7.1% in April-JuneJapan’s GDP growth shrinks 7.1% in April-June
Reuters
Tweet
Tokyo, Sept 8:  
Japan's economy shrank an annualised 7.1 per cent in April-June from the previous quarter, revised down from a preliminary 6.8 per cent contraction due to weaker-than-expected capital spending, Cabinet Office data showed on Monday.
The revised contraction was the biggest since a 15.0 per cent decline marked in January-March 2009. The result compared with a median forecast for a 7.0 per cent contraction in a Reuters poll of economists.
On a quarter-on-quarter basis, the economy shrank 1.8 per cent in the second quarter, compared with a preliminary reading of a 1.7 per cent contraction. The result matched the median market forecast.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Most Popular

Sensex jumps 167 points; investors await key macroeconomic data this weekSensex surges 293 points on FII inflows; oil & gas, FMCG stocks steal the show
Our Bureau/Agencies
Investors await key macroeconomic data to be released this week
Mumbai, Sept 8:  
The Sensex and the Nifty surged nearly 1.08 per cent at the closing session on Monday on heavy capital inflows anticipating improvement in key macroeconomic indicators - inflation, forex reserves and industrial production to be announced this week.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex surged 293.15 points to end at 27,319.85 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty gained 87.05 points to close at 8,173.90.
Rajesh Agarwal, Head-Research, Eastern Financiers, said in a report: "The markets will take cues from important macroeconomic data that would be announced during the week such as inflation, forex reserves and industrial production growth. As revealed by last week’s FII robust net investment data, the markets are seeing bullish undercurrent and we do not expect to see any substantial correction during the week. Overall, we expect markets to continue their general up-move with intermittent profit-booking."
Barring consumer durables, all other BSE sectoral indices ended in the green. Among them, oil & gas index gained the most by 1.79 per cent, followed by FMCG 1.4 per cent, capital goods 1.29 per cent and metal 1.25 per cent. Only consumer durables index was down 0.22 per cent.
Hindalco, ONGC, SBIN, Wipro and HUL were the major Sensex gainers, while NTPC, M&M, Tata Power and BHEL were the only losers among 30-share Sensex constituents.
European stocks fell as investors weighed equity valuations after the Stoxx Europe 600 Index completed its fourth weekly rally, while UK banks retreated on concerns that Scotland will vote for independence.
The Stoxx 600 retreated 0.7 per cent to 345.23 at 10.01 a.m. in London.
Most Asian stocks rose as investors weighed data showing Chinese exports rose more than analysts projected last month, while imports unexpectedly fell.
The MSCI Asia Pacific Index was up 0.1 per cent at 148.54 as of 2.10 p.m. in Hong Kong.
A plunge in sterling after a poll showed rising support for Scottish independence helped bolster the dollar.
Sterling plummeted 0.8 per cent to $1.6207 after sliding as low as $1.6165 in early trade, the lowest since last November and the biggest daily drop in eight months, after a poll showed the "yes" to Scottish independence campaign on 51 percent against 49 percent for the "no" camp.
Data on Friday showed US non-farm payrolls grew by only 142,000 last month, far below the 225,000 forecast by analysts in a Reuters poll.
The downbeat jobs report suggested the Federal Reserve will hold off on hiking interest rates anytime soon, and helped the S&P 500 hit a fresh closing high.
Data released before Tokyo opened showed Japan's economy shrank an annualised 7.1 per cent in April-June from the previous quarter, revised down from a preliminary 6.8 per cent contraction due to weaker-than-expected capital spending.
Later in the day, investors await Chinese trade data for August, and will be scanning the report for any signs of weakness after a spate of recent data raised concerns about the impact of a cooling property sector.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Steel minister calls for cut in duty for coking coalPrint
The steel companies are already combating severe paucity of iron ore owing to mining curbs.
Written by Priyadarshi Siddhanta | New Delhi | Posted: September 7, 2014 12:53 am | Updated: September 7, 2014 1:44 am
Steel and mines minister Narendra Tomar has asked finance minister Arun Jaitley to roll back the 2.5 per cent customs duty on coking coal to contain the economic hardships being encountered by the domestic steel industry.
The steel companies are already combating severe paucity of iron ore owing to mining curbs imposed in some states and the fresh import duty on coking coal and metallurgical coke is bound to compound their financial woes, Tomar has said.
He has written to the finance minister on August 25 seeking express roll back of the customs duty. Coking coal, after being converted into coke, is used as a fuel to make crude steel from sponge iron and sinter.
During 2013-14, domestic steel producers imported 33.12 million tonne coking coal and this year the imports are expected to rise by  3 MT owing to the commissioning of new manufacturing facilities.
Tomar has also asked Jaitley to withdraw the 2.5 per cent import duty on iron ore saying its poor availability has ‘compelled some steel makers to source the mineral from abroad.
“In the absence of domestically extracted iron ore, some leading steel makers are actively contemplating to import the mineral from abroad,’’ the minister suggested in the letter.
A senior steel ministry official said the country may have to import nearly 3 MT iron ore during 2014-15. Portraying a grim picture on paucity of iron ore, he cited that a 35 per cent dip in ore output over past 4-5 years has triggered concerns within the steel industry.
This steep fall in ore output is primarily due to restrictions imposed on mining in the two largest ore producing states — Karnataka and Goa along with output curbs by Orissa. The country used to produce 200 MT of iron ore a year and exported 50 per cent of it before the Supreme Court imposed a ban on exploration in Karnataka to curb illegal mining in 2011.
The steel companies have together recently asked Tomar to convince the government to contain the surge in steel imports from China amidst scarcity of iron ore and muted demand.
They have cited figures showing that total steel imports from China has surged by 100 per cent, it was up by 51 per cent from South Korea. Imports of hot rolled flat steel have increased by 57 per cent. Of this, China saw a 460 per cent increase and South Korea 259 per cent.

Abbas says may end unity with Hamas over Gaza governanceAbbas charged that the national consensus government cannot do anything on the ground. (AP Photo)
Agence-France Presse | Ramallah | Posted: September 7, 2014 4:01 pm
Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas has threatened to break off a unity agreement with Hamas if the Islamist movement does not allow the government to operate properly in the Gaza Strip.
His remarks came on the eve of talks in Cairo with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi and a key address to the Arab League nearly two weeks after a ceasefire ended a major 50-day confrontation with Israel in Gaza.
“We will not accept the situation with Hamas continuing as it is at the moment,” Abbas said on arrival in the Egyptian capital late yesterday, in remarks published by official Palestinian news agency WAFA.
“We won’t accept a partnership with them if the situation continues like this in Gaza where there is a shadow government… running the territory,” he said.
“The national consensus government cannot do anything on the ground,” he charged.
Under the terms of a reconciliation deal signed in April, the Palestinians agreed to form an interim consensus government of technocrats, ending seven years of rival administrations in the West Bank and Gaza.
The unity deal sought to end years of bitter and sometimes bloody rivalry between the Islamist Hamas movement and its Fatah rivals who dominate the West Bank-based Palestinian Authority.
The new cabinet, which is based in Ramallah, took office on June 2, with Gaza’s Hamas government officially stepping down the same day.
Despite the handover, Hamas has remained the de facto power in Gaza, with moves to implement the provisions of the unity agreement put on hold due to the violence which erupted in earnest on July 8.

First-time buyers drive up car sales; Maruti Suzuki  Hyundai in fast laneAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Asian Stocks Meander After Mixed China Trade DataYour age at the time of marriage:
Current combined number of years of post-high school education:
Number of children from this marriage:
How religious are you as a couple from 1 to 10 (with 10 being the Pope):
Combined number of divorces between both of your parents:
Combined number of marriages between you and spouse:
Number of years you want to know if you'll still be married (Will I be married 10 years from now, 20 years from now, etc.)
Related Topics: Good Morning America , Education
Join the Discussion
You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer. Please click here to upgrade your browser in order to comment.

D.C. Corrections Official Slaind.c. corrections official slain
Airtel to sell over 3 500 African mobile pho...You are here: Home > Collections
Bharti Airtel to sell 3,500 telecom towers in Africa to Eaton
ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 11.36AM IST
Tags:
Bharti Airtel Ltd
(Bharti Airtel will…)
NEW DELHI: Sunil Mittal-headed Bharti Airtel will sell more than 3,500 of its mobile towers in six African countries to telecommunications tower firm, Eaton Towers in a bid to reduce costs.
Bharti Airtel will lease back the towers from Eaton under a 10-year pact, the companies said in a statement.
But they did not disclose financial details of the deal. The agreements are subject to statutory and regulatory approvals in the respective African countries.
Back in July, Bharti Airtel had agreed to sell about 3,100 towers in four African countries to Helios Towers Africa.
"This agreement (with Eaton) represents the next phase of Airtel's growth journey in Africa. We are strong proponents of telecoms infrastructure sharing, which results in industry-wide cost efficiencies," Manoj Kohli, chairman, Bharti Airtel International Netherlands BV (BAIN), said in a media statement.
Eatorn Towers chief executive Alan Harper said this "transformational deal" would give Eaton Towers the most diversified tower portfolio across Africa. "We are proud to be chosen by Bharti Airtel as their key partner in these six countries," Alan Harper, said in a statement. The agreement will expand Eaton Towers' Africa coverage to 7 countries with over 5000 towers.
The latest tower sale is part of India's top mobile operator's plans to divest most of its 15,000-plus towers in Africa, in a process that could reportedly raise up to $2 billion.
The latest pact with Eaton will enable Bhari Airtel focus on its core business and customers, help it to deleverage through debt reduction, and will significantly reduce its on-going capital expenditure on passive infrastructure.
Kohli added that the Eaton pact would lead to "superior usage of passive infrastructure and help drive the proliferation of affordable mobile services across Africa".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Haryana govt halts Maruti s Rs 3 500 cr R&D...You are here: Home > Collections
Haryana government asks Maruti to stall construction of an upcoming R&D facility in Rohtak
Chanchal Pal Chauhan & Vikas Dhoot, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 08.58AM IST
Tags:
Haryana govt
(Maruti Suzuki has been compelled…)
NEW DELHI: In a setback to the government's "Make In India" drive, Maruti Suzuki has been compelled by the Haryana government to stop all construction work on a facility at Rohtak that was to develop and test cars for India and the world, the first such unit being set up outside Japan by the local auto maker's parent, Suzuki Motor.
The Rs 3,500-crore-plus R&D project was expected to be operational by next year, but is now on hold as the state government has initiated prosecution against the company for beginning construction without obtaining an environmental clearance and has appealed a Delhi High Court verdict asking it to refrain from taking action against Maruti.
When contacted, a Maruti spokesperson told ET: "As the matter is pending with the court, it will be inappropriate for us to comment in the matter." People with knowledge of the matter said the country's largest carmaker has suspended construction of the facility.
Maruti, which has decided to set up its next production hub in Gujarat instead of Haryana, is the latest victim of a policy conundrum introduced by Jayanthi Natarajan, the environment and forest minister in the previous Congress-led government, that forces industries to seek an environmental clearance for building any structure of over 20,000 square metres.
Industry has red-flagged the issue with the Prime Minister's Office as one of the biggest policy stumbling blocks for manufacturing investments of any reasonable scale, as it has forced thousands of firms across the country to put greenfield and brownfield investments on hold.
The policy muddle, without any reference to Maruti's problem, was highlighted at an August 9 meeting held by the PMO on making it easier to do business in India. Industry leaders present at the meeting had stressed that the requirement constitutes a misinterpretation of a clause from the environmental impact assessment (EIA) rules of 2006 which were aimed at keeping a check on building and township projects in the real-estate sector. Top government law officers have earlier opined that industrial projects don't require such a nod, and the current attorney general had argued the same in defence of Maruti in the Delhi High Court, days before he took on his government role.
"This essentially means that even a medium-size unit being built over six acres of land needs a prior environmental clearance before commencing construction. This introduces an additional delay of at least 18 months for investments to fructify into production and has turned into a big deterrent for investors already saddled by tardy land acquisition processes and the range of other local and environmental clearances needed to start business," said an official at a top auto firm, requesting anonymity.
Maruti, which has very large plants at Gurgaon and Manesar, is building a vehicle testing facility at its 600-acre Rohtak campus that is the largest of its kind in India and is even larger than its parent firm Suzuki's testing track in Japan. The campus also envisages technology development centres and fuel and emission laboratories, with an integrated two-wheeler plant planned by Suzuki Motorcycle India Private Ltd.
  Though Maruti has been obtaining all the required green clearances for air and water pollution and hazardous waste, it had moved an application for environmental clearance for the construction in February 2013 after the state insisted on this requirement. This was a 'without prejudice' application, meaning that the company was seeking a nod that it wasn't convinced was required.
In March 2014, the state government decided to initiate action against Maruti under the Environment Protection Act of 1986 for commencing construction without obtaining clearance.
The state also sought a commitment from Maruti in the form of a resolution from its board that such "violations will not be repeated", grimly warning the firm that the project "file will be closed" in the absence of such an undertaking.
On May 26, incidentally on the day the Narendra Modi government was sworn in, the Delhi High Court directed the Haryana "not to initiate any criminal action" against Maruti or its board members and officials, after submissions made by Mukul Rohatgi appearing on behalf of the company.
The court had also said that Maruti should obtain a post-facto environmental clearance for the construction of the project, though it said the firm couldn't have acted with malafide intent in not applying for the clearance as there was no "authoritative judgement on the issue".
The Haryana State Environmental Impact Assessment Authority has filed an appeal against this verdict. With a decision on the appeal awaited, Maruti still doesn't have the environmental clearance and is therefore, unable to carry out any further construction or operational activity.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty surpass all-time highs; blue chips gainAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

78 sexual offence cases against children reported in Muzaffarnagar in 9 monthsPress Trust of India | Muzaffarnagar | Posted: September 8, 2014 12:06 pm
At least 76 cases of sexual offence against children have been reported in last nine months in this western Uttar Pradesh district.
According to police records, 78 cases have been registered in various police stations under Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act, 2012 and also various sections of Indian Penal Code from December 19, 2013 to August 30, 2014.
Forty-nine out of 78 were rape cases and the rest were of eve-teasing and kidnapping in the district, the statistics said.
A special court of Additional District Sessions Judge Manyank Chouhan has started hearing these cases.
The victims’ statement in this connection has been recorded under section 164 of CrPc.

Sensex Nifty Trade Firm  Oil & Gas Stocks Lead GainsYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Nifty Trade Firm, Oil & Gas Stocks Lead Gains
NDTV | Updated On: September 08, 2014 12:47 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Fall Sharply As Fed Jitters Hit Global Markets Again
The BSE Sensex and Nifty traded with nearly 0.70 per cent gains in the afternoon trade, led by advances in energy stocks. Gains in FMCG, IT and pharma stocks also supported the market.
As of 12.15 p.m., the Sensex traded 182 points higher at 27,209 whereas the 50-share Nifty index was up 53 points at 8,139.75.
Among the energy stocks, ONGC was up over 2 per cent at Rs 452.60 as Brent crude prices traded near $100 per barrel mark. Bank of America Merrill Lynch has also upgraded the stock to buy from neutral with a target price of Rs 534. BofA says ONGC is likely to gain from oil sector reforms.
Other energy stocks like Gail and Cairn India were also up between 1 to 1.5 per cent each. Oil marketing companies BPCL, HPCL and Indian Oil also advanced on lower crude prices.
Asian Paints rose over 4 per cent to be the biggest gainer among the Nifty stocks.
In broader markets, stocks like Punj Lloyd gained nearly 10 per cent to hit their intraday circuit limit after the company bagged an order worth $581 million.
Out of the 50 shares in Nifty, 40 stocks gained while 10 shares declined. NMDC and Kotak Mahindra Bank were the top two losers in Nifty.
The broader index was also positive with the CNX 500 index gaining 0.70 per cent.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 12:39 (IST)

Tata Motors launches Land Rover Freelander2Express News Service | Posted: September 8, 2014 1:08 pm
Land Rover completed half a decade in India and to mark the phenomenal landmark, the British company – now owned by homegrown Tata Motors, launched the special edition Land Rover Freelander 2. The premium SUV carries a price tag of Rs. 44.41 lakh (ex-showroom Mumbai) and will come to the Landrover showrooms in very limited numbers.
The limited numbered Sterling Edition Freelander 2 carries many cosmetic changes but mechanically, the car has been left untouched.
Changes include new 17-inch five-spoke alloy wheels with anthracite finish, front grille painted in a darker shade, fender and side vents, tailgate spoiler, front and rear apron, side claddings and a chrome-plated exhaust tip. The Freelander 2 definitely looks sportier with all the upgrades it has received with the Sterling Edition.
Powering the car is the same engine that also works inside the normal edition. The 2.2-liter turbocharged inline-4 diesel burner than makes a maximum of 150 PS @ 4,000rpm along with maximum torque of 420 Nm @ 1,750 rpm. The power goes to all the wheels through a 6-speed automatic transmission. The premium SUV stands at a length of 4,500 mm, width of 2,195 mm and height of 1,740 mm, the ground clearance stands at 210mm.
Rohit Suri, VP, Jaguar-Land Rover, said, “it will further endear the hugely popular model to our young and sophisticated customers looking to own an exclusive Land Rover with enhanced sporty looks.”
The Freelander 2 has remained one of the most popular Land Rover cars mainly because of the comfort and price tag it comes with.
Globally, the company has revealed Discover Sport, which will replace the Freelander 2 around the globe. The Sterling Edition Freelander 2 could be the last sport version of the car to be launched ever in India before it gets replaced by Discovery Sport somewhere next year.

SC orders permanent absorption of Rajeshwar Singh as ED Dy DirPrint
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 12:52 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 1:47 pm
The Supreme Court on Monday directed the Centre to absorb Rajeshwar Singh, an officer probing the money laundering cases in the 2G scam, as a permanent Deputy Director in the Enforcement Directorate within three days.
“The Central government shall confirm the permanent absorption of Rajeshwar Singh as Deputy Director within three days from today,” a bench led by Justice H L Dattu said.
The court censured the Centre for not complying with the directions of the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT), issued on December 24 last year, to absorb Singh on permanent basis with the ED.
“You (Centre) don’t obey the positive directions issued by the tribunal. The Delhi high court refuses to stay the order of the tribunal on your writ petition. Even then you kept waiting for eight months.
“We will pass an order asking you to give him permanent appointment with ED,” the bench said, adding that “this court had trusted this man for conducting the trial. Do you expect him to keep on fighting court cases and investigate the matter.”
It also clarified that the order of the CAT has to be complied with as the Centre failed to file a special leave petition in the Supreme Court after the Delhi High Court refused to stay the tribunal’s order in the appeal.
Earlier the apex court had said that it will pass an appropriate order after hearing Singh as to whether he wants to continue with the ED or not. Raising the issue of Singh, BJP leader Subramanium Swamy had said that despite the apex court’s May 1 order he had not been reinstated into the investigation and it was not known “what powerful element are working” that he is out of the probe.
Singh had sought to recuse himself from the investigation as attempts were being made to destroy the case.
Swamy was one of the petitioners on whose plea the 2G licences were scrapped by the apex court which is monitoring the probe by the CBI and the ED.

Want to make quick bucks! Six stocks that could return upto 16% in just 5-8 trades(Immediate support for the…)
By Mitesh Thacker
After making record highs of 8141, the Nifty consolidated at higher levels last week. The sustained weekly gap-up closing indicates an extension of the current bull run.
Immediate support for the Nifty is placed around 8048 / 8000 levels, which are its swing lows / psychological levels, followed by 7968 (weekly gap). The Nifty holds an important support at 7968 levels.
Till it continues to hold above these levels, the trend is likely to remain sideways to positive, whereas on the upside, buying strength will emerge in the market above 8130 levels on a sustained basis and can see more momentum towards 8200 - 8220 levels.
Caution is advised below 7968 levels. The market will be in a stock and sector-specific mode.
Here is a list of top five stocks to buy which can give a return of up to 16% in the next 5-8 days:
Oil India Ltd: BUY for a target of Rs 700/750
On the monthly price chart, OIL registered swing breakout and closed at multi-year highs. Last week prices closed above the key level of 630. Immediate target for the above-mentioned breakout is placed at 697 / 736 / 790, achievable in the coming few weeks. The momentum indicators are pointing upward.
Coal India Ltd: BUY for a target of Rs 380/394.30
The share price of Coal India was trading in a sideway range of 373 on the upside and 320 on the downside. Prices are finding support from its near-term moving averages and averages are trading in a bullish zone.
Price will gain momentum once it sustains above 374 and the momentum indicators are also rising.
Power Grid Ltd; BUY for a target of Rs 140/145
The share price was trading in an intermediate downtrend. Prices have taken support from the long-term moving average. On the weekly chart the price formed a bullish engulfing candlestick pattern. Traders should note that the bullish engulfing pattern is a trend reversal pattern, indicating resumption of an uptrend. They can buy the stock at current levels and on dips.
ONGC: BUY for a target of Rs 460/470
ONGC had registered Flag breakout on a daily chart, on the back of rising volumes. The Flag breakout suggests continuation of the current up trend. Prices are sustaining well above their near term moving averages, indicating steady up move. Going forward, prices can head towards 468 / 475 levels. The momentum indicators are also pointing upward.
Hexaware Technologies Ltd: BUY for a target of Rs 176/182
The daily price chart was trading sideways for the past couple of weeks. On Friday the prices registered breakout from upward sloping channel. On the daily chart prices were sustaining well above their near-term moving average and the momentum indicators were also rising.
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analyst's own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Prefer Carborundum Universal in midcap space: Sukhani08:00 am
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com told CNBC-TV18, " Carborundum Universal is just on the verge of a breakout. The volumes are low but if you want to make an investment in a midcap space, it is an excellent opportunity, so this is the preferred stock."
"There is a correction in Voltas  and that is probably due, it is not over. I would not be in a hurry to buy the stock. You step aside from  UPL . Today it is going through a minor dip, for three days it was going through a blistering rally. It is going to consolidate for many days now," he said.
RELATED NEWS

Jay Ushin: Appointment of directorSep 08, 2014, 01.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Jay Ushin: Appointment of director
Jay Ushin has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company have appointed Mrs. Vandana Minda as Additional Director of the Company w.e.f. August 05, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Jay Ushin: Appointment of director
Jay Ushin has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company have appointed Mrs. Vandana Minda as Additional Director of the Company w.e.f. August 05, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Jay Ushin Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company have appointed Mrs. Vandana Minda as Additional Director of the Company w.e.f. August 05, 2014.Source : BSE

Gowra Leasing Finance: AGM on Sep 27  2014Sep 08, 2014, 01.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Gowra Leasing & Finance: AGM on Sep 27, 2014
Gowra Leasing & Finance has informed that the 21st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 27, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gowra Leasing & Finance: AGM on Sep 27, 2014
Gowra Leasing & Finance has informed that the 21st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 27, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Gowra Leasing & Finance Ltd has informed BSE that the 21st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 27, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Key features of the Union Budget 2014-15What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Denim fashion returns to rule fashion chartsStory
Do the denim
Versatile, trendy and comfortable, denim continues to rule the fashion charts. go ahead, shake off the blues and break a few rules to wear it like never before.
Saurav Bhanot        Edition: Sep 14, 2014
Photography: Shivangi Kulkarni; Styling: Mia Kulkarni; Art Direction: Chirag M Samal
Ever since James Dean turned Rebel Without a Cause, denim has established its position in the wardrobe of every man worth his salt. It's a staple that finds favour with all men, and happens to be the go-to outfit when in doubt. Rugged yet comfortable, basic yet stylish, there's something about a great pair of jeans that works its magic like no other. Whatever the occasion, there's always a great pair of jeans that's flattering. Team it with a crisp white shirt, and you are up there looking like a million dollars. Or, at least, that's what all the ladies say.
This hooded sleeveless denim jacket from Zara is a great option for the summer
While the good news is that denim has come a long way from the 'blue jeans' phase, making things look even better is the fact that you don't have to restrict it to lowers. Denim is one of the most versatile fabrics in vogue today, and everybody - from high-street brands to the top designers - is embracing it. Yes, jeans are still fashionable, but you would be missing out on half the revolution if you skipped the rest. From shirts to waistcoats, jackets to caps and even shoes, there's nothing denim can't do. Here's how to take your love for the manliest of fabrics a few notches higher!
THE OPTIONS
Diesel's Jogg Jeans are both comfortable and stylish
There's obviously the classic pair of jeans. How you like them - regular or slim fit, acid-washed, stone-washed or distressed, in different colours or classic blue and black, high-rise or low-rise, ripped or shredded - is totally your call. What you must keep in mind, however, is the fit. As jeans tend to become second skin for most of us, they should be just as comfortable as they are trendy.
For those who find summer a little too hot for denims, there's always the option of denim shorts. And you don't always have to buy them, either. "Brands have been showcasing shorts for quite a while, but most people resent paying for something they can get with just a pair of scissors and an old pair of jeans," says Julie Woodhead, Buying Director at The Collective, a multi-brand store that features creations from Hackett, Armani Collezioni, D Squared and Versace, among others.
This leather bag from Guess is a must-have accessory.
The denim shirt, on the other hand, is one garment that you just can't ignore. It's been all the rage for over two seasons now, and from the looks of it, it isn't going anywhere anytime soon. It works fabulously well with not just your favourite pair of jeans but also those linen trousers and chinos. "At GAS, the denim shirt is an iconic piece that best expresses the brand's mission and essence. The denim shirt is contemporary in style but transcends across looks," says Barbara Grotto, Head of Communications, GAS. You can take it from a day out at the movies to an evening of partying with mates, looking like a million bucks through it all. Or you can wear it to a brunch or a semi-formal dinner; versatility is the denim shirt's forte.
Diesel's high-top denim shoes are worth the buy
For those aiming at a biker chic avatar, the denim jacket is the perfect alternative to a leather one. It is part-rebellious and part-free spirited, and a great option for those looking at manning up their look. You can choose a lighter fabric for your jacket for summer months, and opt for a thicker one to keep you warm during the winter. And then there are denim waistcoats that can be teamed with plain shirts and are perfect for a stylish night out.
Denim caps and shoes from brands like Tommy Hilfiger, Diesel and Zara have also become immensely popular. Go one step ahead and get a denim bag or wallet; both are bang-on trendy right now!
THE TRENDS
Leg it
When in doubt, go for the Kant shirt from GAS
Your beloved jeans aren't the same anymore - they've only gotten better. The fabric is lighter, the fit is slimmer, and the look is varied. Ripped or shredded jeans have made a big comeback, and a new trend to have set in is patchwork jeans. Small patches of lighter fabric over dark jeans or vice versa give an interesting spin to your basic blue jeans. If you are a big fan of track pants, give track jeans a shot. These come with a ruche hem similar to that of tracks, and are ideal for a sporty look. Also, there are jeans with the fit and design of active wear, combined with the fabric of denim. Pioneering in this style, Diesel calls them Jogg Jeans. Diesel also has a drop crotch style that provides more stretch and comfort. "Crafted in a unique fabric that weaves together the style of denim with the durability of jersey, Jogg jeans put the brand's durability into motion," says Nicola Formichetti, Artistic Director at Diesel. Internationally, denim trousers are also on the rise. This trend, however, is still a few seasons away from taking over the Indian market.
Brands to check out: Diesel, Guess, Calvin Klein
BT More recommends: Jogg Jeans from Diesel are high on both comfort and style!
Shirt up
The Oklahoma Jacket from GAS is a classic that isn't going out of style anytime soon
When wearing a denim shirt, make sure you get one in a light shade with soft fabric. You can experiment with its wash or opt for one with prints or embellishments. The more worn-in it looks, the trendier you will appear!
Brands to check out: Zara, Tommy Hilfiger, GAS
BT More recommends: The Kant style from GAS merges classic with contemporary with great effect
Jacket of all trades
No summer look will ever be complete without this Asos denim cap!
Denim jackets also come in various washes and styles. "The Oklahoma jacket has been a GAS classic, and this season, it's been revived in an edgier fashion ," says Grotto. You can try one in a darker shade for a grunge look, but the latest trends also have jackets that combine denim with wool, linen and camouflage print. The camouflage one is an especially great pick because it combines denim with an equally popular trend. Denim waistcoats come in a light fabric, and range from grey, off-white to blue, giving you enough options to work around.
Brands to check out: Levi's, Asos, River Island
BT More recommends: Log on to Asos and make way for the coolest denim jackets in town
Easy access
River Island's denim cardigan jacket is a great mix of two fabrics
Denim shoes in dyed indigo are quite the rage everywhere. From sporty to funky, there's a lot of playing around you can do with these. While these aren't everyday wear, they look stunning when teamed up with white linen trousers. Denim caps and beanies further help bring out your playful side. A word of caution, though - don't try accommodating both your cap and shoes in the same look!
Brands to check out: Diesel, Armani Jeans
BT More recommends: Diesel brings out a great line of denim accessories. While picking shoes, make sure you get high-tops!
THE LOOK
mosimageDenim-on-denim isn't everyone's cup of tea, and quite naturally so. If you're planning to do a tone-on-tone version of this, we suggest that you reconsider. The first rule of going all-out denim is to make sure that you have different colours and tones in place. Your shirt and jeans cannot be of the same tone, no matter what. Wearing a denim jacket is best avoided if you are going denim-on-denim, but if you really must, make sure it is a tone lighter or darker than your jeans. "Never have more than two denim items in your look. It is overkill," warns Woodhead.
So, now that you know the rules, go all out with your love for denim, experiment and let your fun side take over. It is one of the trendiest fabrics in style right now, and if worn well, can take you to fashion nirvana !

Metals &amp; Mining Newsletter - September 01 to 05  2014    Metals & Mining Newsletter - September 01 to 05, 2014
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 05, 2014 14:44 IST
Coal India Ltd said its worker unions would go on a three-day "work to rule" strike from 18th September to 20 September demanding the return of coal blocks allocated by the government to private firms
 
Coal India unions to go on work to rule strike
Coal India Ltd said its worker unions would go on a three-day "work to rule" strike from 18th September to 20 September demanding the return of coal blocks allocated by the government to private firms. The strike also aims to withdraw or stop plans to move for further disinvestment in CIL. Stop proposed restructuring of CIL without discussions with five operating CTUs. A "work to rule" strike means that a limited number of miners will attend work with minimum disruption to daily activities. Coal India said in a statement that five unions representing more than 350,000 workers of the world's largest coal producer will resort to "work to rule" from Sept. 18. They want the government to allocate to Coal India the 218 coal blocks awarded mostly to private firms over the past two decades and ruled illegal by the Supreme Court last month.
 
SC to next hear coal block allocation case on Sept 9
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi proposed to the Supreme Court on Monday that about 40 of the 218 coal mines it declared illegal should not be taken back from the companies that operate them as they were either producing or were close to producing, says reports. The Attorney General also suggested that cancelling all coal blocks awarded would be inappropriate. At present there are over 46 blocks in operation and not to cancel these blocks.
 
The Rohatgi also told a Supreme Court hearing that the government was open to re-auctioning the coal blocks if their allocations are revoked. The AG said not to refer the matter to a Committee as it delays decision and to decide coal mine fate soon so as to start the auction... Read more
 
Govt asks PSUs to give JV details of mines
The government has asked 12 public sector undertakings to immediately provide all details of any joint ventures formed by them related to 20 coal blocks allocated for captive use for submission to the Supreme Court, which is examining the issue, according to a media report. The details have been sought from government allocatees of coal blocks allotted between 1995 and 2007 which are operational or are expected to commence output in FY'15, the report added. The government has sought affidavit from allotees of 61 coal and lignite mines like JSPL and Hindalco about the status of mines, the report further said.
 
Coal India achieves 98% of targeted coal production in August
Coal India has announced the provisional production and offtake performance for the month of August 2014. The Company and its subsidiaries have achieved 98% of the targeted coal production in August 2014 at 34.54 million tonnes. For the period April-August 2014, the coal production achieved stood at 96% of the targeted coal production at 175.88 million tonnes.
 
The Company and its subsidiaries have achieved 99% of the targeted offtake at 37.30 million tonnes in August 2014. For the period April-August 2014, it has achieved 93% of the targeted offtake at 194.89 million tonnes.
 
Prakash Steelage topline grows 25% in June quarter
Prakash Steelage, the stainless steel tubes & pipes manufacturers, posted growth in topline of 25% at Rs 209.32 crore for the quarter ended 30 June 2014 as against Rs. 167.92 crore for the corresponding quarter ended 30 June 2013. The PBT grew at Rs. 9.68 crore for the quarter ended 30 June 2014 as compared to Rs. 7.81 crore in the corresponding quarter ended 30 June 2013 and PAT at Rs. 6.31 crore as against Rs. 5.12 crore.
 
Coal shortage to affect power supply in 5 states
The northern part of India is facing more than 5,000 MW of power shortage owing to coal stocks drying up, according to the reports of the latest official data. Among the states that would suffer acute shortage of coal and tariff disputes include Gujarat, Haryana, Maharashtra, Punjab and Rajasthan. Adani Power provides power to four sates, while Tata Power provides power to the remaining one state. Reports suggest that one of these power plants, the Adani Power has absolutely stopped its supply to Haryana, citing lack of payment of dues.
 
Kirloskar Brothers clarifies a media report
With reference to the news item appearing in a leading financial daily dated September 04, 2014 titled "Kirloskar Bros Sign Deal with Peru's Water Authority", Kirloskar Brothers Ltd has submitted to BSE clarification / confirmation on the news item as under:
 
"The Company had sponsored a Mine water conference at Peru, where the Company made a presentation on its 'Low Life Cycle' technology. Considering the presentation, the authority namely, National Water Authority of Peru (ANA) showed its interest for sharing of information and experience in good water management systems of the Company and enhancing the capabilities of ANA staff on water management and also to enter into specific agreement at a future date on the above areas,... Read more
 
ExxonMobil showcases its Lubricant Portfolio at MMMM-2014
ExxonMobil Lubricants Private Limited, a subsidiary of Exxon Mobil Corporation, showcased its outstanding mining equipment lubrication products and lubrication solutions. ExxonMobil comprehensively elaborated on its safety, environmental care and productivity concept of sustainable development and practical experiences, attracting wide attention from participating companies and representatives at the 10th edition of Minerals, Metals, Metallurgy & Materials international exhibition and conference (MMMM) held in New Delhi from 4 7th September, 2014.
 
The mining industry is one of the most fundamental components of the industrial landscape and also one of the most challenging from a lubrication standpoint. With industry-leading technology and engineering resources, Mobil Industrial Lubricants offers innovative products... Read more
 
Adani Group heralds Australian Government's decision to repeal MRRT
The repeal of Minerals Resource Rent Tax (MRRT) by the Australian government has brought cheers to  the home grown Adani group which has significant business interests in the country. The Minerals Resource Rent Tax (MRRT) is a tax on profits generated from the exploitation of non-renewable resources in Australia. As per the rules, the companies had to pay the tax when their annual profits reach $75 million. However, the purpose of the tax of raising funds for pensions and tax cuts for infra projects were never fully achieved. Therefore, the current government of Australia was considering the repeal of the tax... Read more

Agriculture Newsletter - September 01 to 05  2014    Agriculture Newsletter - September 01 to 05, 2014
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 05, 2014 14:05 IST
The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) has completed the tendering process for constructing 1266 meter long creek bridge between Mankoli and Motagaon on the Ulhas creek
 
MMRDA to construct 1266 meter long Ulhas Creek Bridge
The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) has completed the tendering process for constructing 1266 meter long creek bridge between Mankoli and Motagaon on the Ulhas creek.  The construction of this six lane bridge is expected to commence soon and will be completed within a period of 3 years. The bridge will connect the National Highway-3 (NH-3) with the Kalyan-Dombivali Municipal Corporation area. The bridge will also provide vital connectivity between NH-3 and Kalyan bypass. As per the feasibility study carried out by the authority, it was concluded that constructing a road at grade was impossible in this area because of a huge mangrove belt, environmental clearance related issues and slushy area surrounding and parallel to the railway track. Hence the construction of a Creek Bridge was finalized by the authority, said Mr. Dilip Kawathkar, Joint Project Director, (Public Relations), MMRDA... Read more
 
UBM India announces the 9th edition of Fi&Hi
UBM India will be hosting the 9th edition of the largest business event catering to the Indian Food market, the Food ingredients & Health ingredients 2014 (Fi & Hi India 2014) on 29 Sept 1 Oct 2014 at the Bombay Exhibition Centre, India.
 
The 2014 edition of Fi&Hi India aims to focus on innovation and consumer trends, providing a channel to the Industry professionals from around the world to link to the promising Indian foodmarket. An industry awaited platform which includes Health ingredients India, the Food Technology and the Processing & Packaging Pavilion, the event will bring together the leading buyers, suppliers and over 6,000 visitors and industry professionals from the entire food value chain... Read more
 
Jain Irrigation launches solar powered micro irrigation systems
Jain Irrigation launched Integrated Solar Powered Micro Irrigation Systems for Small Farmers at World Water Week 2014 being held at Country Capital Stockholm. While launching the pioneering concept informally, the Companys President Dr. Dilip Kulkarni said, In India, small farmers are deprived of both water and power. Most of them hardly have any irrigation facility. Majority of the small farmers have to depend on rain-fed farming for their livelihood. Their income levels are very low. This innovative model of Integrated Solar Powered Micro Irrigation involving different components such as development of on-farm water source, like farm ponds, solar pumping systems, piping and micro irrigation systems would ensure reliability of water supply and power supply to the small farms... Read more
 
Average growth in Fish Production at 5.9% in 2013-14
Radha Mohan Singh, Union Minister of Agriculture released the Handbook on Fisheries Statistics-2014 published by the Department of Animal Husbandry, Dairying and Fisheries, Ministry of Agriculture. Dr. Sanjeev Kumar Balyan, Minister of State for Ministry of Agriculture and Food Processing Industries was also present on this occasion.
 
The Handbook shows that there has been steady growth in the export of fish and fish products over the period. Efforts are being made to boost the export potential through diversification of products for export. During 2013-14 the volume of fish and fish products exported was 9,83,756 tonnes worth Rs. 30,213.26 crores as compared to 2009-10 (6,78,436 tonnes; Rs. 10,048.53 crores)... Read more
 
Govt puts Agriculture Sector on Fast Track
The Government has taken a number of initiatives to boost agriculture production, develop high quality seeds, increase storage capacity and steps to reach the benefits of various research works from lab to land. Speaking to media persons yesterday, Union Agriculture Minister, Radha Mohan Singh enumerated various initiatives taken by Government since its formation in May 2014. The Government has launched Rastriya Krishi Vikas Yojana (RKVY) to promote use of organic farming and reduce dependence on chemical inputs, the minister said... Read more
 
1mn people in Somalia face acute food insecurity: FAO
The gradual recovery and gains made since the end of the famine in 2012 are being lost as poor rains, conflict, trade disruptions and reduced humanitarian assistance led to a worsening of the food security situation across Somalia. Acute malnutrition increased in many parts of the country, particularly among children. The situation is likely to continue deteriorating further until the start of the Deyr rains in October.
 
The latest findings from a joint assessment by the Food Security and Nutrition Analysis Unit for Somalia (FSNAU), a project managed by Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) of the United Nations, and the Famine Early Warning Systems Network (FEWS NET), a project funded by the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) and other partners, indicate that an estimated 1,025,000 people will be in Crisis and Emergency (IPC Phases 3 and 4)... Read more
 
NABARD guides Indian Co-operative Sector with NetApp
NetApp and NABARD, the apex development bank in India, in collaboration with leading IT vendors announced one of the biggest IT transformations in banking. By helping to bring Indias Cooperative Banking sector onto a Core Banking Solution (CBS) platform, the two companies are giving the countrys rural sector access to basic banking facilities such Any Branch Banking, NEFT, RTGS and access to ATMs. A total of 201 state and district level Central Cooperative Banks with 6914 branches from 16 states and three union territories of the country have joined the NABARD initiated Project on CBS in Co-operatives. Currently, 200 banks and 6913 branches are on the CBS platform... Read more
 
Growth rates in aggregate deposits drop 13.9% in Mar: RBI
The RBIs (Reserve Bank of India) quarterly data on deposits and credit growth showed that growth rates in aggregate deposits and gross bank credit decelerated to 13.9 per cent and 13.8 per cent, respectively in March 2014 from 14.2 per cent and 15.1 per cent recorded a year ago. The deceleration in gross bank credit was observed across all population groups whereas deceleration in aggregate deposits was observed only in urban centres, the RBI said. Public sector banks together contributed 74.1 per cent share in aggregate deposits and 73.3 per cent share in gross bank credit followed by private sector banks at 18.7 per cent and 19.4 per cent, respectively as of March 2014.
 
ITC to set up dairy plants across 6 states
In order to become a pan-Indian dairy entity, ITC Ltd plans to set up dairy plants across six states in India, according to a media report. The first plant is said to be commissioned in Munger, Bihar this year. The other states include Uttar Pradesh, Punjab, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh and Telangana, the report added. ITC is already working with 30,000 farms in Munger and creating awareness about best practices in animal husbandry. It has set up integrated centres (Pashudhan Seva Kendra) for delivery of animal husbandry services. The diary products which is expected to be launched first is ghee, followed by milk powder, the report further said. ITC has set up 261 cattle development centres in states like Karnataka, Odisha and Madhya Pradesh.
 
MCF asks govt to continue subsidy policy for Mangalore plants
Mangalore Chemicals & Fertilizers Ltd (MCF) Chairman Vijay Mallya has asked the central government to continue with its subsidy policy on naphtha-based fertiliser plants until GAIL starts the supply of gas to its fertiliser plant at Mangalore. Speaking to media after the annual general meeting of the company, Mallya said that the company has invested Rs 300 crore to set up infrastructure at its plant to receive gas. However, the gas pipeline is yet to be completed and commissioned up to Mangalore by GAIL.
 
Saudi Arabia helps FAO respond to the dire state of food security in Iraq
FAO is scaling-up critical food and agriculture assistance to highly vulnerable rural households in Iraq thanks to a generous $14.7 million grant from Saudi Arabia. The donation is part of a $500 million grant that the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has provided to support Iraqis affected by the recent crisis. The funds will mainly be used to respond to the needs of thousands of rural households whose livelihoods depend on cereal crops and livestock and who are currently struggling to survive. "Losses of both assets and income opportunities are exposing a growing number of poor people to an alarming state of food insecurity," said Fadel El Zubi, FAO Representative in Iraq... Read more
 
Canara HSBC OBC Life provides insurance cover to 25,000 social sector lives
With a focus on financial inclusion, which is essential for the countys development, Canara HSBC Oriental Bank of Commerce Life Insurance covered over 25,000 social sector lives between AprilAugust 2014, delivering affordable life insurance solutions to address the needs of the social sector and economically weaker sections of the society, especially those who have no or very little access to organised financial services. With this, Canara HSBC Oriental Bank of Commerce Life Insurance has also crossed the social sector target mandated by IRDA for the current financial year. The Company had also overachieved the mandated target in FY 2013-14 by covering over 56,000 lives as against a target of 25,000 lives. This has been achieved through the Companys bancassurance business model which enabled the Company to reach out to the financially vulnerable population, covering bank customers with a no-frill account and members of SHGs, Micro Credit Group, Joint Liability Group and Tenant Farmers Group with a bank account... Read more
 
 
We plans to raise around Rs352 crore via IPO: Sharda Cropchem
We are planning to expand business globally and well poised for future growth in untapped markets. The company is focusing its business to expand in Europe, Ramprakash Bubna, CMD, Sharda Cropchem Ltd, says... Read more

Mutual Fund Newsletter - September 01 to 05  2014    Mutual Fund Newsletter - September 01 to 05, 2014
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 05, 2014 14:01 IST
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) plans to make it mandatory for issuers to reserve 25% of an initial public offering (IPO) for domestic mutual funds and insurers, according to a media report.
 
SEBI plans to reserve 25% of IPO for MFs, insurers
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) plans to make it mandatory for issuers to reserve 25% of an initial public offering (IPO) for domestic mutual funds and insurers, according to a media report.
 
However, if investors don't subscribe to their portion fully, the IPO could be considered a failure, the report added.
 
According to SEBI, a higher participation of 25% of the issue size or half of that slotted for qualified institutional bidders would enable a fairer valuation... Read more
 
RBI eases foreign transaction norms for buying govt bonds
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Thursday said foreign investors can now buy government bonds in secondary markets from mutual funds, banks or other dealers.
 
The RBI, in a notification on "Purchase and sale of securities other than shares or convertible debentures of an Indian company by a person resident outside India", said foreign investors can buy government bonds through any "prevalent market practice".
 
"With a view to providing flexibility in regard to the manner in which government securities can be acquired by eligible investors, it has now been decided to remove any stipulation as to the manner of acquisition from the said regulations," the notification said... Read more
 
SEBI to bar wilful defaulters of bank loans
SEBI (Securities and Exchange Board of India) is considering barring 'wilful defaulters' of bank loans from raising funds through stocks and other securities.
 
In order to impose restrictions on wilful defaulters, the Reserve Bank has suggested to SEBI that such entities should be prevented from raising funds through capital markets.
 
To impose restrictions on entities found to have 'wilfully' defaulted on bank loans, the RBI is exploring ways to share details of these defaulters with Sebi on a real time basis.
 
At present, the information about wilful defaulters of bank loans are shared with SEBI and others, including credit information agencies like CIBIL, on a quarterly basis. 
 
SEBI to study global systems to detect manipulators
In order to detect fraudulent and manipulative activities, SEBI (Securities and Exchange Board of India) is looking at market intelligence infrastructure and techniques of foreign regulators to put in place a 'trend-discovery module', according to a media report.
 
Sebi will study the systems put in place by its peer regulators in countries like the US, UK, Australia and Hong Kong for this purpose, the report added.
 
The proposed move is part of various policy issues under consideration of Sebi's Integrated Surveillance Department and aims to make its systems more effective.
 
SEBI is also considering possible action like freezing of promoter shares in a company found to be non-compliant to the Listing Agreement and other norms.
 
Brokers to publicise redressal contact details: SEBI
In order to strengthen grievance redressal mechanism for investors, SEBI (Securities and Exchange Board of India) has asked stock brokers and other market intermediaries to display in their offices contact details of their CEOs, compliance officers and of the regulatory authorities.
 
"It has now been decided that offices of all stock brokers (its registered sub-broker and unauthorized person) and depository participants shall prominently display basic information... About the grievance redressal mechanism available to investors," SEBI said in a circular on Thursday.
 
Stock brokers and depository participants would have to provide contact details (email address and phone numbers) of their compliance officers, as also of CEO/ Partner/Proprietor, so that an investor can approach the right authority for his or her grievance redressal, SEBI added... Read more
 
Govt hikes retail investor quota in OFS to 20%
The ministry of finance has changed the retail investor quota in the Offer for Sale (OFS) route. All future disinvestments will now have 20% quota for small investors, according to a media report.
 
At present, retail investors' quota in OFS is 10%, while 30% is reserved for them in the Follow on Public Offer (FPO). Currently, a minimum of 25% of the shares offered are reserved for mutual funds and insurance companies under the offer for sale mechanism.
 
The government has been using the OFS route for disinvestment of PSUs.
 
Field staff to enrol outsourced workers: EPFO
EPFO (Employees Provident Fund Organisation) has asked its field offices to enroll workers engaged by them through outsourced agencies as members and provide them Universal Account Number (UAN).
 
"..All field offices must ensure that each worker engaged through outsourced agencies is not only enrolled as PF member but also allotted UAN by KYC details," an office order said.
 
"It is observed that field offices of EPFO too are engaging workers through outside agencies/contracts..Such agencies should normally be covered under the (EPF) Act," it added.
 
EPFO headquarters have asked its over 120 field formations to submit a compliance report in this regard by September 15. 
 
FM set-up committee to examine un-claimed amount remained in PPF
The Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has approved the setting-up of a Committee under the Chairmanship of Deputy Governor, Reserve Bank of India(RBI) to examine un-claimed amount remained in PPF, Post Office, Savings Schemes etc and recommend how this amount can be used to protect and further the financial interest of the senior citizens.
 
The Finance Minister, vide para 39 of his Budget Speech 2014-15, had announced that "a large amount of money is estimated to be lying as unclaimed amounts with PPF, Post Office, Savings Schemes etc. these are mostly out of investments belonging to the senior citizens and on their demise, remain unclaimed for want of relevant payment instructions" and has proposed to set-up a Committee to examine and recommend how this amount can be used to protect and further financial interest of the senior citizens... Read more
 
Deutsche Asset Management India launches DWS Hybrid Fixed Term Fund
DWS Hybrid Fixed Term Fund Series 29 NFO open for subscription from 1st 15th Sept 2014
DWS Hybrid Fixed Term Fund - Series 29 is a debt fund that takes advantage of the trends in Fixed Income and Equity markets with a hybrid portfolio. A hybrid portfolio of debt and equity instruments would typically have low volatility as compared to equity; endeavors to preserve capital with potential for capital appreciation; and have a lower risk vis-a-vis a pure equity portfolio. The DWS Hybrid Fixed Term Fund Series 29 is an alternative investment for conservative investors intending to invest in equity markets.
 
The fund opens for subscription on 1st Sept 2014 and closes on 15th Sept 2014. The objective of the Scheme is to generate income by investing in fixed income securities maturing on or before the date of the maturity of the Scheme and to generate capital appreciation by investing in equity and equity related instruments... Read more

Insurance Newsletter - September 01 to 05  2014    Insurance Newsletter - September 01 to 05, 2014
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 05, 2014 13:55 IST
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority chairman TS Vijayan said that insurance industry is attractive to many investors despite many insurers making losses
 
Insurance sector is still attractive to many investors: IRDA
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority chairman TS Vijayan said that insurance industry is attractive to many investors despite many insurers making losses. The IRDA chairman said that the insurance sector needs a lot of trained personnel to cope up with growth. Speaking on the sidelines of a programme by Indian Institute of Risk Management, on Wednesday, Vijayan said about 40 crore life insurance policies create huge potential for data analytics. Vijayan said that the FDI limit from 26% to 49% will be fixed by the government and the IRDA's job is to ensure that regulations are followed by the companies.
 
SEBI plans to reserve 25% of IPO for MFs, insurers
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) plans to make it mandatory for issuers to reserve 25% of an initial public offering (IPO) for domestic mutual funds and insurers, according to a media report. However, if investors don't subscribe to their portion fully, the IPO could be considered a failure, the report added. According to SEBI, a higher participation of 25% of the issue size or half of that slotted for qualified institutional bidders would enable a fairer valuation... Read more
 
Field staff to enrol outsourced workers: EPFO
EPFO (Employees Provident Fund Organisation) has asked its field offices to enroll workers engaged by them through outsourced agencies as members and provide them Universal Account Number (UAN). "..All field offices must ensure that each worker engaged through outsourced agencies is not only enrolled as PF member but also allotted UAN by KYC details," an office order said. "It is observed that field offices of EPFO too are engaging workers through outside agencies/contracts..Such agencies should normally be covered under the (EPF) Act," it added. EPFO headquarters have asked its over 120 field formations to submit a compliance report in this regard by September 15. 
 
FM set-up committee to examine un-claimed amount remained in PPF
The Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has approved the setting-up of a Committee under the Chairmanship of Deputy Governor, Reserve Bank of India(RBI) to examine un-claimed amount remained in PPF, Post Office, Savings Schemes etc and recommend how this amount can be used to protect and further the financial interest of the senior citizens. The Finance Minister, vide para 39 of his Budget Speech 2014-15, had announced that "a large amount of money is estimated to be lying as unclaimed amounts with PPF, Post Office, Savings Schemes etc. these are mostly out of investments belonging to the senior citizens and on their demise, remain unclaimed for want of relevant payment instructions" and has proposed to set-up a Committee to examine and recommend how this amount can be used to protect and further financial interest of the senior citizens... Read more
 
Universal Music, Max Life partner for i-genius Young Singing Stars
Universal Music India has partnered with Max Life Insurance for the 1st edition of their i-genius Young Singing Stars program. Universal Music is an integral part of i-genius Young Singing Stars; lending a hand to the initiative that recognizes and rewards young singing talent in the country. The initiative focuses on nurturing talent in deserving children, bringing them closer to their dreams. Time and again, Universal Music India has unearthed fresh music talent, putting the spotlight on budding musicians while giving them a global platform to showcase their talent... Read more
 
Canara HSBC OBC Life provides insurance cover to 25,000 social sector lives
With a focus on financial inclusion, which is essential for the countys development, Canara HSBC Oriental Bank of Commerce Life Insurance covered over 25,000 social sector lives between AprilAugust 2014, delivering affordable life insurance solutions to address the needs of the social sector and economically weaker sections of the society, especially those who have no or very little access to organised financial services. With this, Canara HSBC Oriental Bank of Commerce Life Insurance has also crossed the social sector target mandated by IRDA for the current financial year. The Company had also overachieved the mandated target in FY 2013-14 by covering over 56,000 lives as against a target of 25,000 lives. This has been achieved through the Companys bancassurance business model which enabled the Company to reach out to the financially vulnerable population, covering bank customers with a no-frill account and members of SHGs, Micro Credit Group, Joint Liability Group and Tenant Farmers Group with a bank account... Read more
 
Bharti AXA Life launches Elite Advantage
Bharti AXA Life Insurance, the private life insurance joint venture between Bharti Enterprises and AXA, one of the worlds largest insurance companies, introduces a unique traditional non-participating plan- Bharti AXA Life Elite Advantage. The plan provides the policyholder with guaranteed regular income payouts with a choice to choose the frequency of the payout (Quarterly, Semi Annual or Annual). Besides the regular payouts the customer also receives a guaranteed lump sum amount at maturity. Sandeep Ghosh, MD & CEO, Bharti AXA Life Insurance said, Amidst intensifying inflation coupled with rising daily expenditures, Indian households are struggling with inadequate savings. The Indian consumer is looking for investment solutions that supplement the regular household income to meet the ever increasing demands of the family. Bharti AXA Life Elite Advantage is a plan designed for such individuals who desire for a stable income along with long term insurance coverage... Read more
 
Cigna TTK Health Insurance expands in 5 more cities
Cigna TTK Health Insurance a joint venture between U.S. based global health service leader, Cigna Corporation, and Indian conglomerate TTK Group, announced the launch of its branches in Ahmedabad, Chandigarh, Coimbatore, Cochin and Pune, as a part of its expansion plan. At present Cigna TTK Health Insurance has its presence in Mumbai, Delhi, Calcutta, Chennai and Bangalore.
 
This was announced by Sandeep Patel, CEO and Managing Director, Cigna TTK Health Insurance Company Limited, We are delighted to bring Cigna TTKs products to the citizens of Ahmedabad, Chandigarh, Coimbatore, Cochin and Pune. Cigna TTKs focus is to encourage customers to stay healthy and live life to the fullest... Read more
 
ACORD acknowledges L&T Infotechs Insurance IT for GIC
L&T Infotech, a global provider of Information Technology Services & Solutions, and a wholly owned subsidiary of the USD 14.3 billion Larsen & Toubro, was invited to the ACORD (Association for Cooperative Operations Research and Development) Vendor Meet to present the implementation story of ACORD Standards for its Reinsurance client, General Insurance Corporation (GIC). This event was held on September 02, 2014.
 
ACORD is a global, non-profit Insurance Data Standards Development Organization, based in New York, USA. The ACORD Vendor Meet was targeted towards the whos who of the Insurance space working businesses, either locally or overseas. During the session, Puneet Bharal (Director, Global Development ACORD) briefed the audience on the globally implemented ACORD standards, which are a part of the day-to-day transactions. Bharal also spoke about the benefits of ACORD, what these standards can do for ones business, and the ways to use these standards and the ACORD Framework. Most importantly, he gave an update on how ACORD is moving forward in the Indian Industry... Read more
 
HDFC Life launches Life Health Assure Plan
HDFC Life, Indias leading long term private life insurance solutions provider announced the launch of its new health insurance product HDFC Life Health Assure Plan, aimed at providing a comprehensive health cover. The plan offers reimbursement of medical expenses incurred in a hospital and is available in two variants Gold Plan and Silver Plan. The plan allows coverage for families on floater cover basis, and provides flexibility to customize the plan with additional coverage options... Read more

After Syria and Iraq  Islamic State makes inroads in South AsiaPrint
Cars with IS stickers have also been spotted around Peshawar.
Reuters | Peshawar/ Dera Ismail Khan (pakistan) | Posted: September 7, 2014 9:35 am | Updated: September 7, 2014 2:47 pm
Islamic State pamphlets and flags have appeared in parts of Pakistan and India, alongside signs that the ultra-radical group is inspiring militants even in the strongholds of the Taliban and al Qaeda.
A splinter group of Pakistan’s Taliban insurgents, Jamat-ul Ahrar, has already declared its support for the well-funded and ruthless Islamic State fighters, who have captured large swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria in a drive to set up a self-declared caliphate.
“IS (Islamic State) is an Islamic Jihadi organisation working for the implementation of the Islamic system and creation of the Caliphate,” Jamat-ul Ahrar’s leader and a prominent Taliban figure, Ehsanullah Ehsan, told Reuters by telephone. “We respect them. If they ask us for help, we will look into it and decide.”
Islamist militants of various hues already hold sway across restive and impoverished areas of South Asia, but Islamic State, with its rapid capture of territory, beheadings and mass executions, is starting to draw a measure of support among younger fighters in the region.
Al Qaeda’s ageing leaders, mostly holed up in the lawless region along the Pakistan-Afghanistan border, are increasingly seen as stale, tired and ineffectual on hardcore jihadi social media forums and Twitter accounts that incubate potential militant recruits.
Security experts say Islamic State’s increasing lure may have prompted al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahri to announce the establishment of an Indian franchise to raise the flag of jihad across South Asia, home to more than 400 million Muslims.
PAMPHLETS, CAR STICKERS
Seeking to boost its influence in the Afghanistan-Pakistan region, a local cell with allegiance to Islamic State has been distributing pamphlets in the Pakistani city of Peshawar and eastern Afghanistan in the past few weeks, residents said.
The 12-page booklet called “Fatah” (Victory), published in the Pashto and Dari languages of Afghanistan, was being mainly distributed in Afghan refugee camps on the outskirts of Peshawar.
The pamphlet’s logo features an AK-47 assault rifle and calls on local residents to support the militant group. Cars with IS stickers have also been spotted around Peshawar.
Sameeulah Hanifi, a prayer leader in a Peshawar neighbourhood populated mainly by Afghans, said the pamphlets were being distributed by a little-known local group called Islami Khalifat, an outspoken Islamic State supporter.
“I know some people who received copies of this material either from friends or were given at mosques by unidentified IS workers,” he told Reuters.
A Pakistani security official said the pamphlets came from Afghanistan’s neighbouring Kunar province where a group of Taliban fighters was spotted distributing them.
“We came across them 22 days ago and we are aware of their presence here,” said the official. “Pakistani security agencies are working on the Pakistan-Afghan border and have arrested a number of Taliban fighters and recovered CDs, maps, literature in Persian, Pashto and Dari.”
“We will not permit them to work in our country and anyone who is involved in this will be continued…
We respect them. If they ask us for help, we will look into it and decide.

Meditation as immunostimulantUpdated: September 7, 2014 00:34 IST
Meditation as immunostimulant
The Hindu Many neuroscientists believe the best way to fight stress is through meditation. Photo: V.V. Krishnan
TOPICS
lifestyle and leisure
Its practice has now become simpler and more scientific
That meditation causes neurobiological changes in a person is an empirically proven fact. There is evidence that the human mind influences both susceptibility to and resistance to disease. Mental and physical processes constantly interact and influence one another. Some major universities have recognised the value of contemplative practices, which have therapeutic effects.
Today we know it is not just the food we eat that changes our biology; the thoughts we think do that too. The assumption that diet and exercise could produce a perfect body is no longer valid; we now know stress produces cortisol and epinephrine, which are immuno-suppressants that nullify every benefit derived through every other means. Stress is the No. 1 epidemic of our times, and it causes chronic illnesses. Your interaction with the world and with yourself produces metabolites that interact with the body and change your biological parameters.
Many neuroscientists believe the best way to fight stress is through meditation. It has now become simple and scientific, and it will soon go mainstream.
Meditation, in a nutshell, is becoming aware of your body and your breath, with no thoughts. Then, the body’s homeostasis, the self-regulating and self-repairing mechanism, is activated since healing hormones fill the body. Thoughts can heal us, also kill us. A bout of depression can wreak havoc with our immune system. Falling in love can boost it. Despair and hopelessness raise the risk of a heart attack and cancer. Joy and fulfilment keep us healthy. Different states of consciousness produce different degrees of body chemistry. The line between biology and psychology cannot really be drawn. A stress which is only a wisp of thought releases the same flood of destructive hormones as the stress itself. Nothing holds more power over the body than the beliefs of the mind.
Since subjective ruminations produce objective repercussions in clear violation of the laws of thermodynamics, since reductionist philosophy and the mechanistic model of our conventional medicine cannot explain origins of many diseases, the fight between classical physics and quantum physics, especially on the medical science front, has come into the open. It will take some time for the dust to settle.
The discovery of telomere, an enzyme associated with aging, by Elizabeth Blackburn won her the Nobel Prize. Telomere is at the end of our chromosomes, like the end-cap of a shoe lace. Its role is to protect the chromosomes from degradation — which means it protects genes from degradation since genes are enclosed in chromosomes. Telomere degrades with age.
Dr. Elizabeth’s studies, with Dr. Dean Ornish of the Preventive Medicine Research Institute, revealed that meditation increases the length of telomere. When telomere becomes short and falls apart, cells cannot replicate anymore — which is what we call death. So, acceleration and deceleration of aging depends on telomere. It gets stronger during meditative practices.
Mitosis and apoptosis (cell division and cell death) processes have revealed that every week we have a new stomach, every month a new skin lining, and every three months we have a new skeleton. Except for some cartilage and pieces of bones, almost 98 per cent of our body is recycled annually. Every 10 minutes we have a different brain structure because every thought alters it. As a result, our body is a process rather than a structure. It is a river and not a rock. It is a verb and not a noun.
One prominent quantum physicist said during a lecture in the U.S. that three years earlier when he went there he had carried with him the same suitcase but not the same body because the suitcase has a longer shelf-life than the body. Another quantum biologist said during a speech that no person can step into the same river twice.
Humankind has learnt so much over the past 15 years than it has learnt in all of its history. Maybe one day science will explain why we fall in love, and why we are moved by poetry. Let’s wait for that day to arrive.
aahussaintvm@yahoo.co.in

Finance Ministry to Take Up 35 FDI ProposalsYou are here: Home Industries
Finance Ministry to Take Up 35 FDI Proposals
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 07, 2014 17:46 (IST)
Why Apple May Have Missed an Opportunity With its New Watch
New Delhi:
Finance Ministry will take call on 35 foreign direct investment proposals, including that of Bharti Shipyard and Verizon Communications, later this month.
The Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) headed by Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram will hold its 210th meeting on September 16 and there are 35 proposals on the agenda, the ministry said.
Bharti Shipyard, an Indian company in shipbuilding sector which has existing FDI through FIIs and NRIs proposes to undertake defence activities.
The FIPB had deferred decision on the proposal in its one of the meetings held in July last year.
Verizon Communications India is seeking approval to increase foreign equity participation by its foreign parent from 74 per cent to 100 per cent. The FIPB had deferred decision on the proposal in its meeting held on August 1.
Among other proposals that are in the agenda include that of Sistema Shyam Teleservices, IndusInd Bank, HBM Private Equity India, Hatsoff Helicopter Training, Instant Global Money Transfer and Tara India Fund IV Trust.
India allows FDI in most of the sectors through automatic route, but in certain sensitive sectors like defence, pharma and telecom investors require prior approval of FIPB.
The government is taking several steps to boost FDI in the country. It has de-licensed several defence products for private players, besides hiking the FDI cap to 49 per cent in the sensitive sector.
Railways sector too has been opened to foreign investment and the government has introduced a bill to hike FDI ceiling in insurance sector to 49 per cent from the current 26 per cent.
Story first published on: September 07, 2014 17:45 (IST)

PM Modi to Review Performance of Infra Sector This Week: ReportWhy Apple May Have Missed an Opportunity With its New Watch
New Delhi:
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will hold a meeting on Wednesday to review the performance of key infrastructure sectors, including coal and power.
"Prime Minister will hold meeting on September 10 to review the progress in achieving the target for key infrastructure sectors like coal and power," said a source.
The infrastructure sector is a key focus area for the Modi-led government. The centre is keen to speed up infrastructure development and investment to boost economic growth which remained at sub-5 per cent level during the previous two fiscals.
The Prime Minister held meeting with the secretaries of nine infrastructure ministries in July to set targets for 2014-15 and identifying key projects in sectors like road, power and railways.
Planning Commission Secretary Sindhushree Khullar had made a presentation on the performance of the various infrastructure sectors like airport, ports and inland waterways, railways, roads, telecom, power, coal and renewable energy in the last fiscal and the possible targets for the year 2014-15, an official had earlier said.
During the meeting, it was decided that in addition to the quantitative targets, Planning Commission should also measure efficiency parameters, the official said, adding that "there should be a 10 per cent increase in these each year".
Moreover, it was also decided during the meeting that there should a joint mechanism at government level under the Cabinet Secretary for meeting regularly to resolve issues of various ministries and states, the official had said.
"In these meetings, all issues related to a state in various sectors could be taken up comprehensively," the official had said
Story first published on: September 07, 2014 11:48 (IST)

Why American Love Affair With Jeans is Fading AwayYou are here: Home Corporates
Jeans Face an Uncertain Future Amid Yoga Wear Rage
Associated Press | Updated On: September 06, 2014 16:34 (IST)
Banks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
New York: Americans' obsession with jeans is beginning to wear thin.
Jeans long have been a go-to staple in closets across the country. After all, not many pieces of clothing are so comfortable they can be worn daily, yet versatile enough to be dressed up or down.
But sales of the iconic blues fell 6 per cent during the past year after decades of almost steady growth. Why? People more often are sporting yoga pants and leggings instead of traditional denim.
The shift is partly due to a lack of new designs since brightly colored skinny jeans were a hit a couple years back. It's also a reflection of changing views about what's appropriate attire for work, school and other places that used to call for more formalwear.
"Yoga pants have replaced jeans in my wardrobe," said Anita Ramaswamy, a Scottsdale, Arizona high-school senior who is buying more leggings and yoga pants than jeans. "You can make it as sexy as skinny jeans and it's more comfortable."
To be sure, the jeans business isn't dead: Customer Growth Partners, a retail consultancy, estimates denim accounts for 20 per cent of annual sales at the nation's department stores.
But sales of jeans in the US fell 6 per cent to $16 billion during the year that ended in June, according to market research firm NPD Group, while sales of yoga pants and other "active wear" climbed 7 per cent to $33.6 billion.
And Levi Strauss, which invented the first pair of blue jeans 141 years ago, is among jean makers that acknowledge their business has been hurt by what the fashion industry dubs the "athleisure" trend. That's led them to create new versions of classic denim that are more "stretchy" and mimic the comfort of sweatpants.
Birth of the blues
It's one of the few times jeans haven't been at the forefront of what's "trending". Businessman Levi Strauss and tailor Jacob Davis invented jeans in 1873 after getting a patent to create cotton denim workpants with copper rivets in certain areas like the pocket corner to make them stronger. By the 1920s, Levi's original 501 jeans had become top-selling men's workpants, according to Levi's corporate website.
Over the next couple of decades, the pants went mainstream. In 1934, Levi's took advantage of the rise in Western movies and launched its first jeans aimed at affluent women who wanted to wear them on dude ranches. Then teens boosted popularity of the pants, first among the greasy-hair-and-leather-jacket set in the 1950s and then, the hippies in the 1960s.
But teens' biggest contribution to jeans' rise was the name itself: Until the 1950s, the pants were called overalls or waist overalls, but in the following decade, teens started referring to them as jeans. During that time, jeans took on a bad-boy image - popularised by teen rebels like James Dean and Marlon Brando - which led many schools to ban kids from wearing them to class.
In 1960, Levi's began using the 'jeans' name in ads and packaging. And over the next few decades, jeans became even more of a way for people to express themselves. In the 1960s to early 1970s, hip-huggers and bell bottoms became an anti-establishment statement. Then in the 1970s and early 1980s, jeans became a status symbol when designers like Jordache rolled out more chic versions. More recently, names like 7 For All Mankind made $200 jeans, helping to push sales up by 10 percent to $10 billion in 2000, NPD said.
Ironing it out
Jeans have faced other rough patches. One came in the mid-1970s, when denim sales fell 3 to 4 per cent, while corduroy pants surged in popularity, with sales rising 10 to 12 per cent, according to NPD estimates.
NPD declined to offer more historical sales data because of changes it made in its methodology recently, but the group's chief industry analyst Marshal Cohen says jean sales fell about 3 per cent again with the resurgence of khakis 12 years ago. That was the last decline until now.
Fashion watchers say the latest decline could be the longest. The "athleisure" trend is the biggest threat jeans have faced because it reflects a fundamental lifestyle change, said Amanda Hallay, assistant clinical professor of fashion merchandising at LIM College in Manhattan. "Everyone wants to look like they're running to the gym, even if they're not," she said.
As a result of jeans' waning popularity, retailers and designers are focusing more on activewear and less on denim. For instance, J.C. Penney recently has doubled its selections in casual athletic looks and scaled back growth of its denim business.
And designers are pushing new versions of jeans. Both Levi's and VF Corp, the maker of Wrangler and Lee jeans, are rolling out jeans that they say are stretchier. And many brands are making so-called jogger pants, a loose-fitting, sweat-pant style that has elastic cuffs at the bottom of the leg.
"If casualisation is what everyone is looking for, we can push the innovation," said James Curleigh, president of the Levi's brand.
It's too early to tell whether the new styles will help jeans regain popularity. Jennifer Romanello, for one, said she's not interested in them.
"If I want yoga pants, I will buy yoga pants," said the publishing executive from Rockville Centre, New York. "I just don't see jeans crossing the line to be yoga pants."
Story first published on: September 06, 2014 16:15 (IST)

CEOs hoard good news for stock salesSeptember 7, 2014 2:31 pm
US chief executives hoard good news for stock sales
By Andrew Hill
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7399a1de-3516-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

For Obama  it is heads he loses  tails his rivals winSeptember 7, 2014 6:54 pm
For Barack Obama, it is heads he loses, tails his rivals win
By Edward Luce
The less visible the president is, the better are his party’s odds of retaining control of the Senate
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/43ff215a-3427-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SC stays death sentence of Nithari killer Su...Supreme Court stays death sentence of Nithari killer Surinder Koli
PTI Sep 8, 2014, 09.36AM IST
Tags:
death sentence
(An official of the apex court…)
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today stayed the execution of death sentence of Surinder Koli for killing children in a house in Nithari village in Noida near here in 2006.
The bench comprising justices H L Dattu and A R Dave stayed the execution for a period of one week.
An official of the apex court said that the plea in this regard was mentioned before the bench after midnight and the order was passed at 1:40 AM.
The official said the order has been communicated to the jail authorities concerned.
Koli was to be hanged on September 12 in Meerut jail, where he has been kept in a high-security barrack.
The application on behalf of 42-year-old Koli was moved by a team of lawyers led by senior advocate Indira Jaising.
The lawyers sought review of the apex court's July 24, 2014 order dismissing the plea to stay the execution of death sentence awarded to Nithari rapist-cum-serial killer Koli.
While seeking stay of execution of the capital punishment, Jaising, along with advocate Yug Choudhary and others, referred to the September 2 verdict of the apex court in which it had held that the review plea of condemned prisoners must be given an open court hearing.
In the order passed in the wee hours today, the bench said, "An application to review the order passed on July 24, 2014 in review petition (of Koli) is placed before us on September 8, 2014. In the application it is stated that execution of death warrant will take place at 5:30 AM on Monday, September 8, 2014.
"For recalling and review of our order, the applicant (Koli) relies upon observation made by the Constitution Bench of the Supreme Court in the matter in which the verdict was passed on September 2, 2014," it said.
The court said, "Considering the urgency of the matter, we stay the execution of the death sentence of applicant/ petitioner for a period of one week from today."
FEATURED ARTICLES

ONGC Chief Says No Plans to List Overseas ArmYou are here: Home Corporates
ONGC Chief Says No Plans to List Overseas Arm
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 07, 2014 18:50 (IST)
Banks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
Mumbai:
Reversing the plans of the previous management, the new brass at the oil and gas producer ONGC has ruled out taking any of its five JVs, especially its power venture in Tripura and petchem venture OPAL, and also its sole subsidiary ONGC Videsh, public or exiting them.
"We have no plans to exit any of our joint ventures. Also, are we not thinking about taking them public through IPOs," ONGC chairman & managing director D K Sarraf told a group of journalists here over the weekend.
He also ruled out listing sole subsidiary OVL, which handles the state-run exploration giant's overseas operations.
"Definitely not. We have no plan to list ONGC Videsh".
The oil and gas behemoth, in which the government holds 69 per cent stake and is on the block for a five per cent divestment soon, has five JVs and one subsidiary (ONGC Videsh).
The five joint ventures are ONGC Petro Additions (OPAL), ONGC Mangalore Petrochemicals (OMPL), ONGC Tripura Power Company (OPCL), Dahej SEZ (DSL) and Mangalore Special Economic Zone (MSEZ). Of these, the past management was keen on listing OTPCL and OPAL.
OPAL, incorporated in 2006, is a joint venture between ONGC, GAIL and GSPC (Gujarat State Petroleum Corp). It is currently setting up a a grass root mega petrochemical project at Dahej in Gujarat.
OMPL is promoted by ONGC and Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals (MRPL) and was set up in December 2006. It has an aromatic complex coming up at 442 acres in the Mangalore Special Economic Zone at an estimated cost of Rs 5,750 crore.
OTPC is a joint venture of ONGC, IL&FS Energy Development Company and Tripura government. It is setting up a 727 MW combined cycle gas power plant in Tripura to monetise gas, which had been lying idle for want of adequate market in the region.
Mangalore Special Economic Zone was incorporated in February 2006 with participation of ONGC, IL&FS, Karnataka Chamber of Commerce & Industries and Karnataka Industrial Area Development Board with an equity structure of 26 per cent, 50 per cent, 23 per cent and 1 per cent, respectively.
Dahej SEZ is a joint venture between Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation (GIDC) and ONGC, and was set up in September 2004 with an equity holding of 26 per cent and 23 per cent, respectively with the rest being set aside for strategic investors.
Story first published on: September 07, 2014 18:49 (IST)

Sensex up 200 pts  Nifty inches towards 8150; ONGC leadsSep 08, 2014, 10.59 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex up 200 pts, Nifty inches towards 8150; ONGC leads
ONGC topped the buying list, rising over 2 percent after Bank of America Merrill Lynch upgraded the stock to buy from neutral as it now expects more gains from oil reforms than earlier.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex up 200 pts, Nifty inches towards 8150; ONGC leads
ONGC topped the buying list, rising over 2 percent after Bank of America Merrill Lynch upgraded the stock to buy from neutral as it now expects more gains from oil reforms than earlier.
Post your opinion here
Live Market Commentary
11:00am Market Expert
The stellar run of Indian indices is likely to continue, believes Gautam Shah, associate director and technical analyst, JM Financial. In an interview to CNBC-TV18 he says this bull market is here to stay and we are still in the first leg.  For September, 7850 seems to be the new base for the Nifty, but it could hit 10,700 by December 2015, he adds. He expects Nifty to find minor resistance at 8,250.
Going ahead, Nifty’s upmove will be led by Bank Nifty, which may hit 18,700-19,000 levels in the near-term. He sees 15,300-15,500 as support levels for the banking index.
10:45am IRB Infra bags order
IRB Infrastructure Developers said it has received the letter of award for the MSRDC’s project of operation and maintenance of Yashwantrao Chavan Expressway and Mumbai Pune section of NH-4 along with execution of additional works on Mumbai Pune section of NH-4, on DBFOT basis with toll rights in the state of Maharashtra.
The final offer of the company for a concession period of 8 years 8 months and 2 days being the lowest amongst all the bidders has been accepted by MSRDC and thereby declared the company as selected bidder and issued the letter of award, it added.
10:30am Bharat Forge in News
Bharat Forge has divested its 50 percent stake in Impact Automotive Solutions, which was formed, earlier in 2010 as a JV with KPIT Technologies.
"The JV was formed for the manufacture of hybrid solutions for automotive. The stake was sold by the Company to the other JV partner, KPIT Technologies, for Rs 10.80 crore against an initial investment of Rs 14.91 crore, said the company in its filing.
10:20am Punj Lloyd at upper circuit
Shares of Punj Lloyd are locked at 10 percent upper circuit on bagging big RAPID Tank Farm order in Malaysia.
The diversified EPC giant announced winning the mega Rs 3,515 crore (USD 581 million) RAPID Tank Farm order from PRPC Refinery and Cracker Sdn. Bhd, a subsidiary under the Petroliam Nasional Berhad (Petronas) group, Malaysia's national energy company, said the company in its filing.
The Tank Farm is part of Petronas's Refinery and Petrochemical Integrated Development (RAPID) project (developed within a 6242-acre site) in Pengerang, Johor, Malaysia.
10:10am FII View
Rakesh Arora, Macquarie said GDP print of 5.7 percent, high auto and cement volume growth, and some hope of operating captive coal blocks to survive cancellation has uplifted the mood.
"Market will await final decision on coal blocks on September 9, to take further direction. A mass cancellation of coal blocks will have far reaching impact and all eyes on government on how fast they act," he added.
10:00am Equity benchmarks climbed to a new record high with the Sensex rising 200.64 points to 27227.34 and the Nifty gaining 54.60 points to 8141.45 supported by banks, oil & gas, technology and FMCG stocks.
The BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices advanced 0.5 percent and 1 percent, respectively. About three shares advanced for every share declining on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
ONGC topped the buying list, rising over 2 percent after Bank of America Merrill Lynch upgraded the stock to buy from neutral as it now expects more gains from oil reforms than earlier. "Main reason for our optimism is recent press reports which suggest equal subsidy sharing by ONGC-Oil India and the government. ONGC is better off under equal subsidy sharing than under the Parikh formula, which we were earlier assuming," the brokerage explains.
Shares of ITC, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, L&T, Reliance Industries, TCS, Infosys, HUL, Tata Motors, Sun Pharma and SBI gained 0.7-1.4 percent whereas Maruti, BHEL and Tata Power down 0.3-0.5 percent.
09:15

Supreme Court stays death sentence of Nithari killer Surinder KoliAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

WeChat helps Apple rack up bonus points in ChinaAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

How Firefox Phones differ from Androids: 8 key pointsAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

India s Punj Lloyd shares jumps to daily limit on $581 million orderAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Microsoft gives MSN a new look  adds ability to sync across devicesUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New York: Microsoft is giving its MSN news service a crisper look, new lifestyle tools and seamless syncing across devices.
The company says the revamped site fits in with Microsoft's overall strategy of making mobile phones and Internet-based services priorities as its traditional businesses - Windows and Office software installed on desktops - slow down or decline. The changes also come as people increasingly read news on smartphones and tablets rather than desktop computers.
Besides news culled from other media outlets, MSN will have such tools as a symptom checker and a shopping list maker for recipes.
Rather than being simply an entry point for accessing the rest of the Internet, the revamped MSN is aiming to become a daily part of life for its 400 million monthly users worldwide. Besides news culled from other media outlets, MSN will have such tools as a symptom checker and a shopping list maker for recipes.
"It's not just about finding that great article on Beyonce," said Stefan Weitz, senior director, operating system and services at Microsoft. "It's also about helping you fix a great dinner and manage your flights."
One key improvement will be an ability to sync across all devices. So if you are logged in and make a shopping list for a recipe on your desktop, it will automatically appear on the MSN app on your phone.
The changes mirror what Microsoft is doing with its latest version of its Windows operating system. CEO Satya Nadella has acknowledged the headache the company had created for software developers by making multiple versions of Windows that work differently on phones, PCs and tablets, Xbox and other devices. With the next version of Windows, Microsoft plans to unify the system so developers can create apps that work on many devices at once.
A preview of the new MSN site will be available Monday. The new site will roll out more widely later this month.

Goldman Sachs raises Nifty target to 9 000 for Sept 2015Goldman Sachs raises Nifty target to 9,000 for September 2015
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 14:38 IST
Nifty touched a fresh all-time high of 8,145.15 (Photo: Reuters)
Goldman Sachs raised the target for the National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty index to 9,000 points for September 2015. Its previous target was 8,600 points for June 2015.
The financial services major says earnings sentiment remains positive for the overall market .
The 50-share barometer, which touched a fresh all-time high of 8,145.15 on Monday, is the best performing equity index in Asian markets, up 32.6 per cent in US dollar terms for 2014 so far.

Bharti Airtel to Sell Over 3 500 African Mobile Phone MastsYou are here: Home Corporates
Bharti Airtel to Sell Over 3,500 African Mobile Phone Masts to Eaton Towers
Reuters | Updated On: September 08, 2014 11:32 (IST)
Banks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
Mumbai:
Bharti Airtel Ltd has agreed to sell more than 3,500 of its mobile phone masts in six African countries to telecommunications tower company Eaton Towers in a bid to cut costs, the companies said on Monday.
Bharti Airtel will lease back the towers from Eaton under a 10-year contract, the companies said in a statement. They did not disclose financial details of the deal.
In July, Bharti Airtel agreed to sell about 3,100 masts in four African countries to Helios Towers Africa. The sales are part of the Indian group's plan to divest most of its more than 15,000 towers in Africa in a process that sources have said could raise up to $2 billion.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Tata Steel shuts down Noamundi mine in JharkhandSep 08, 2014, 12.40 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Tata Steel shuts down Noamundi mine in Jharkhand
The Jharkhand government order follows the Centre’s July 18 directive asking states to clamp down on mines operating under second or third deemed renewals.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tata Steel shuts down Noamundi mine in Jharkhand
The Jharkhand government order follows the Centre’s July 18 directive asking states to clamp down on mines operating under second or third deemed renewals.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Tata Steel  has shut down its Noamundi mine in Jharkhand on the orders from the state government, sources told CNBC-TV18. The decision may come as a major blow to the company as the mine contributed over 30 percent of its iron ore requirements.
The Jharkhand government order follows the Centre’s July 18 directive asking states to clamp down on mines operating under second or third deemed renewals.
The decision is likely to hit 12 out of the state’s 17 operational iron ore mines, including those of SAIL , said media reports.
Tata Steel has been looking at 14-15 million tones of iron ore to meet its steel requirement. From Noamundi itself, the company gets close to about 5 million tonnes, and was looking to further its supply from this mine, which was shut over the weekend. Thus, the company will now have to rely on the inventory or may have to source some from Odisha, which may come at a higher price.
Reacting to the development, Giriraj Daga, Analyst at Nirmal Bang, said that there is no doubt that the mine is big for Tata Steel, with contributing over 30 percent of iron ore, but is hopeful that the matter may get resolved in the next 20-30 days.
“At this point we are not making any cut in the numbers, but would like to see how things pan out. Meanwhile the company can continue to work from its Odisha plant or the current inventory,” he said, adding that if the impasse continues for over a month or so then they may revise the numbers.
Tata Steel stock price
On September 10, 2014, Tata Steel closed at Rs 520.30, up Rs 1.80, or 0.35 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 578.60 and the 52-week low was Rs 266.15.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 75.41 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 6.9. The latest book value of the company is Rs 629.60 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.83.
RELATED NEWS

Deepak Fert up 4%  arm forms JV for mining in AustraliaSep 08, 2014, 12.09 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Deepak Fert up 4%, arm forms JV for mining in Australia
"Smartchem Technologies (STL), a subsidiary of DFPCL, as a part of its forward integration initiative, announced the launch of its overseas venture for Mining Services in Brisbane, Australia," said India’s leading manufacturer of mining chemicals.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Deepak Fert up 4%, arm forms JV for mining in Australia
"Smartchem Technologies (STL), a subsidiary of DFPCL, as a part of its forward integration initiative, announced the launch of its overseas venture for Mining Services in Brisbane, Australia," said India’s leading manufacturer of mining chemicals.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors continued to buy shares of  Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation (DFPCL) on Monday after its subsidiary formed joint venture for mining services in Australia. The stock gained as much as 4 percent intraday.
"Smartchem Technologies (STL), a subsidiary of DFPCL, as a part of its forward integration initiative, announced the launch of its overseas venture for Mining Services in Brisbane, Australia," said India’s leading manufacturer of mining chemicals.
STL has set up Platinum Blasting Services Pty Ltd (Platinum), a joint venture with local Australian partners, who have vast experience in providing value added blasting services and operation expertise to the mining and explosives industries in Australia.
According to the press statement, STL will hold 65 percent while the local partners will hold 35 percent in the joint venture.
Over the next two years, Platinum intends to make an investment of around AUD 28 million, through a mix of debt and equity, said the company.
At 11:22 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 170.30, up Rs 6.30, or 3.84 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Airtel sells 3 500 telecom towers in Africa to EatonBS Reporter |  New Delhi Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 12:50 AM IST
Airtel sells 3,500 towers to Eaton in Africa
Valuation of the deal could be between Rs 1,400 crore and Rs 3,500 crore
Bharti Airtel said on Monday it had sold about 3,500 telecom towers to Eaton Towers across six countries in Africa.
The two companies have signed a 10-year contract, and the deal will help Eaton to expand operations in these countries. The agreement will allow Airtel to focus on its core business and customers, and to cut its debt. It will also significantly reduce its ongoing capital expenditure on passive infrastructure, the company stated.
The announcement comes within two months of Bharti announcing a plan to sell about 3,100 towers to Helios Towers across four countries in Africa.
HOW IT WORKS
Bharti Airtel and Eaton Towers  have signed a 10-year contract
The deal will help Eaton to expand operations in seven countries
The pact will allow Airtel to focus on its core business and customers, enable it to deleverage through debt reduction
The announcement comes within two months after Bharti announced plans to sell about 3,100 towers to Helios Towers across four countries in Africa
Bharti Airtel did not disclose the Eaton deal value. Tower companies operatig in Africa indicated the valuation of a tower is between Rs 40 lakh and Rs 50 lakh. Of 17 countries in Africa where Bharti has operations, the valuation is higher at Rs 1 crore each in Nigeria. The valuation of the deal could be between Rs 1,400 crore and Rs 3,500 crore. Bharti Airtel has not given the details on the location of the 3,500 towers. It has about 15,000 towers in Africa.
During earlier deals in the tower infrastructure space in Africa, such as Tanzania’s Millicom’s deal for 1,000 towers and MTN’s deals in Ivory Coast, Uganda and Cameroon, one tower was valued between Rs 73 lakh and Rs 1 crore.
“The agreement will lead to far superior utilisation of passive infrastructure and help drive the proliferation of affordable mobile services across Africa,” stated Manoj Kohli, chairman of Bharti Airtel International Netherlands BV.
The agreements are subject to statutory and regulatory approvals in the respective countries, the statement added.
Eaton was advised by Moelis & Co for the deal.
Bharti Airtel has been exploring options to sell more infrastructure assets in Africa as part of a debt reduction exercise. Since its Africa entry in 2010, it has been taking the pressure of under-performance in operations across the 17 countries where it is present. In the recent April-June quarter, its net loss for the African business was $137 million, compared to $52 mn in the corresponding period last year.
Consolidated net debt was Rs 57,744 crore ($9.6 billion) at the end of June, down from Rs 60,541 crore ($10.07 billion) till end-March. Most of Bharti’s debt is because of its $10.7-billion acquisition of Zain Telecom’s Africa business in 2010.
 Advertisements

Delhi: AAP accuses BJP of trying to poach its MLAs  releases  sting videoAAP releases 'bribe video' , BJP denies poaching charges
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 08, 2014
First Published: 12:13 IST(8/9/2014) | Last Updated: 21:45 IST(8/9/2014)
Comments
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) on Monday accused a senior Delhi Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader of trying to bribe an AAP legislator to switch sides and help the BJP form a government in the capital, but the BJP’s local unit washed its hands off the controversy.
 
AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal released a sting video purportedly showing Delhi BJP vice president Sher Singh Dagar offering Rs. 4 crore to AAP MLA Dinesh Mohaniya amid reports that the BJP was preparing to form the government in Delhi, which has been under president’s rule since February.
 
Mohania was allegedly told he could contest the election on a BJP ticket and even if he lost, he would be given chairmanship of any government-run board.
 
Neither the BJP nor the AAP have a majority to form a government in Delhi: the BJP is the single largest party in Delhi with 28 MLAs in the 67-member house, while the AAP has 27 members and the Congress only eight. There are four other members in the house.
 
Reports said the BJP looked set to receive an invitation from lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung any time and the party was likely to prove its majority on the floor of the house in a secret ballot.
 
Monday’s allegations are likely to weigh on any decision by the lieutenant governor on whether to call the BJP to form the next government in Delhi.
Video: Sting captures senior BJP leader trying to bribe AAP MLA
Rs. 4 crore.'>
“Under any circumstances, we are not going to allow the BJP to form the government by using illegal means," Kejriwal said at a press conference. He added that said raw footage of the sting operation will be submitted to the Supreme Court which is set to hear a Delhi Assembly case on Tuesday.
 
Sources said the AAP wanted to discredit the BJP and stall any effort to form a government. The AAP has been pressing for fresh elections because its internal assessment shows it can improve its 2013 tally of 28 seats.
 
“Only the L-G can say what will be done. Only he can take any decision," Home Minister Rajnath Singh said when asked about the political situation in Delhi.
 
The BJP’s Delhi unit distanced itself from the controversy, but sought an explanation from Dagar. “The party has nothing to do with the entire episode,” said a senior BJP leader.
 
“We have sought an explanation from Dagar. He had not gone to meet the AAP MLA, rather he had approached BJP. Dagar is anyway not authorised to take a decision on anyone wishing to join the party,” said Satish Upadhyay, Delhi BJP president.
 
Dagar said Mohania had approached him to join the BJP: “If someone visits me, how can I not attend to the person?”  He also said he will quit politics if the charges were proved.
What do you think about the controversy regarding the Delhi government? Take our survey and tell us:

Venus Remedies up 7%  ties up with Mylan to sell antibioticSep 08, 2014, 12.13 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Venus Remedies up 7%, ties up with Mylan to sell antibiotic
"This deal with Mylan, the world's third largest generic drug manufacturer, will enable Venus to market meropenem in Denmark, Sweden and Finland for a period of five years," said the company in its filing.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Venus Remedies up 7%, ties up with Mylan to sell antibiotic
"This deal with Mylan, the world's third largest generic drug manufacturer, will enable Venus to market meropenem in Denmark, Sweden and Finland for a period of five years," said the company in its filing.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors lapped up shares of  Venus Remedies on Monday after it has tied up with Mylan for marketing antibiotic drug in three European countries. The stock gained as much as 7 percent intraday.
"This deal with Mylan, the world's third largest generic drug manufacturer, will enable Venus to market meropenem in Denmark, Sweden and Finland for a period of five years," said the company in its filing.
Venus will manufacture the drug at its Baddi facility, which recently got a renewed European Union Good Manufacturing Practices certification, while the batch release and logistics will be handled by its Germany facility Venus Pharma GmbH.
The company already has a non-exclusive marketing tie-up with Mylan for the same product in France, where the drug has been launched. As per IMS Health, the market size for this product in three countries is approximately euro 12.54 million.
Meropenem belongs to the carbapenem class of antibiotics and can be used effectively in both children and adults. Venus has secured more than 60 marketing authorisations for meropenem throughout the world.
At 11:45 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 292.30, up Rs 16.60, or 6.02 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Will meet FY15 fiscal deficit target: Finmin to Moody sLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Will meet FY15 fiscal deficit target: Finmin to Moody's
Finance secretary Arvind Mayaram said Moody's has noted the uptick in growth. There is an expectation that FY15 growth could be 5.7-5.9%. Due to which, post October, revenue buoyancy is expected to kick in.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Ratings agency Moody's has raised concerns with respect to India's fiscal deficit. The government on its part has made a strong case and said it is confident of meeting the fiscal deficit target of 4.1 percent for FY15, riding on the back of the first quarter GDP growth number which came in at 5.7 percent. Moody's has so far maintained a stable outlook.
Finance secretary Arvind Mayaram said Moody's has noted the uptick in growth.
There is an expectation that FY15 growth could be 5.7-5.9 percent. Due to which post October, revenue buoyancy is expected to kick in. By pointing out all this, the government is trying to indicate that India's chances of meeting the fiscal deficit target are very high.
The government’s disinvestment programme is also expected to kick start in the next few weeks. Given the fact that the markets are on a roll, there is a possibility that the government may even exceed its disinvestment target.
On the borrowing front, Mayaram said: "I can't say if we can borrow less in FY15 than Budget estimates." The finance ministry will be meeting on September 26 to discuss borrowing for the second half of the current fiscal year. In the first half of FY15, the government borrowed Rs 16,000 crore less. There is a high possibility that in the second half too, the government will be borrowing less than Budget estimates.
Also, on the positive side, inflation is showing a downward trend and NPAs have bottomed out at 4.5 percent of total assets in the banking sector. Mayaram further said that expenditure management commission will rationalise subsidies.
RELATED NEWS

Buy HDFC Bank  says Ajay BodkeLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy HDFC Bank, says Ajay Bodke
Ajay Bodke of Prabhudas Lilladher recommends buying HDFC Bank as the stock may test Rs 950.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Ajay Bodke of Prabhudas Lilladher told CNBC-TV18, "All eyes are on the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) meeting and hopefully it is in next month, because that has been the most overhang on  HDFC Bank , whether the government would exceed to the request of the management in terms of increase in the foreign holding limit. If one were to look at the fact that the stock has underperformed, simply based on that concern, if and when the approval comes through, our bet is that the stock will outperform quite significantly."
"We are expecting around Rs 950 as a target price over one year period in HDFC Bank. One should tactically buy into the stock and hold it for the medium term," he added.
RELATED NEWS

How India compares on financial inclusion against other countriesHow India compares on financial inclusion against other countries
Corporate : Maruti Suzuki receives 3 000 bookings for Ciaz within three days of launchCorporate : Maruti Suzuki receives 3 000 bookings for Ciaz within three days of launch
Rebel leader in east Ukraine expects prisoner exchange on WednesdayRebel leader in east Ukraine expects prisoner exchange on Wednesday
Gold futures rise 0.27% on global cuesGold futures rise 0.27% on global cues
Nifty hits 8 150 mark; ONGC  Bajaj Auto top gainersNifty hits 8 150 mark; ONGC  Bajaj Auto top gainers
Corporate : MTNL to sell a 50% stake in MTL to BSNLCorporate : MTNL to sell a 50% stake in MTL to BSNL
Zensar in strategic pact with Agile FTZensar in strategic pact with Agile FT
Titagarh Wagons suspends work at plantTitagarh Wagons suspends work at plant
Hong Kong shares slip ahead of holiday as investors shift to China playsHong Kong shares slip ahead of holiday as investors shift to China plays
Australias first fuel cell bicycleAustralia’s first fuel cell bicycle
PTI
Tweet
Melbourne, Sept 8:  
A first-ever fuel cell bicycle that can take riders up to 125 kilometres on a single battery charge has been developed by Australian researchers, providing a low—cost and sustainable transport option.
Created by a team of scientists at University of New South Wales (UNSW), the ‘Hy-Cycle’ is powered by a hydrogen fuel cell and can take riders up to the maximum range for hydrogen worth two Australian dollars.
The fuel cell provides electrical assistance with pedalling, enabling the rider to easily travel uphill and long distances.
“Cities such as London and Paris are trying to provide fleets of bicycles that people can hire for a few hours a day to commute to and from work,” UNSW scientist Kondo—Francois Aguey—Zinsou said.
“This is a key market for the ‘Hy—Cycle’ It’s main innovation is the demonstration of hydrogen as a clean and safe energy,” Aguey—Zinsou said.
“What we have been trying to develop is a new way to store hydrogen in a very compact fashion,” Aguey—Zinsou said adding, hydrogen storage can be a problem because it’s a light gas, but with the material and the technology one can make it safe to store and use.
In ‘Hy—Cycle’, hydrogen is stored in a 2.5 kilogram canister, adjacent to the pedals.
The canister feeds the fuel cell, which is located under the seat and continuously recharges a Lithium—ion battery.
A standard metal hybride inside the canister enables safe, user—friendly storage of the hydrogen.
One kilogram of the standard metal hybride is capable of storing 100 litres of hydrogen, but researchers at the Material Energy Research Laboratory in nanoscale (MERLin) at UNSW are now developing borohydrides that could store the same amount of hydrogen using just 50 grams of storage material.
Hydrogen for the ‘Hy—Cycle’ can be produced with as little as 100 millilitres of water.
The water is split into its elements — oxygen and hydrogen — and the fuel cell recombines the hydrogen with oxygen to produce electricity.
The researchers believe hydrogen power should be used similar to other renewable energy technologies such as solar.
“We should not be waiting to harness hydrogen fuel cell technology when it is ready now. Australia has been missing a lot of great opportunities through its focus on solar, when the reality is we have a lot of other renewable capabilities that we can take and make happen.” Aguey—Zinsou said.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Shriram Automall  Escorts tie up to sell pre-owned tractorsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Shriram Automall, Escorts tie up to sell pre-owned tractors
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 8:  
Shriram Automall India Ltd (SAMIL), a wholly—owned arm of Shriram Transport Finance Co (STFC), today joined hands with Escorts Ltd to help its authorised dealers to sell pre-owned tractors.
As per the agreement, SAMIL is entitled to conduct exclusive bidding events at the dealers’ premises of Escorts and facilitate disposal at its yards as well, the company said in a statement.
“Moreover, the company is also going to make a way out for Escorts’ tractors through its online bidding platform and private treaty negotiated deals,” it added.
Commenting on the partnership, SAMIL CEO Sameer Malhotra said: “A tie-up with Escorts is structured on the ground of providing a completely organised and transparent platform through which they can carry out the disposal of their pre-owned tractors.”
The current fiscal is expected to witness robust growth in infrastructure due to which tractors’ journey in India is likely to pick up pace, he added.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Gold futures rise on global cuesGold futures rise on global cues
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 8:  
Gold prices were up by 0.27 per cent to Rs 27,614 per 10 gram in futures trade as speculators enlarged positions amid a firming global trend.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in December moved up by Rs 73, or 0.27 per cent, to Rs 27,614 per 10 gram in a business turnover of 43 lots.
In a similar fashion, the metal for delivery in October gained Rs 59, or 0.22 per cent, to Rs 27,437 per 10 gram in 1,036 lots.
Analysts said the rise in gold prices at futures trade was mostly attributed to a firming trend overseas as speculators enlarged positions.
Meanwhile, gold rose 0.2 per cent to $1,270.78 an ounce in Singapore.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

BHEL bags order from NPTI for operating training simulatorHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
BHEL bags order from NPTI for operating training simulator
PTI
Tweet
Bangalore, Sept 8:  
Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited’s city-based Electronics Division has bagged an order from National Power Training Institute for design, engineering, testing, supply, installation and commissioning of Operator Training Simulator for 800MW Super Critical Power Plant, the company said today.
The simulator is proposed to be set up at NPTI’s Power Training Institute located at Faridabad in Haryana, BHEL said in a release.
The order has been bagged against stiff International Competitive Bidding. NTPC is the consultant for this project, it added.
Stating that BHEL-Electronics division has entered into the field of Operator Training Simulators (OTS) for coal fired power plants since 2010, the company said the division has executed more than 20 contracts for Operator Training Simulators.
It said BHEL has supplied Simulators for various thermal generation capacities ranging from 270MW to 600MW.
This also includes Simulators for Turbine and its Secondary Cycle for Atomic Power Plant. BHEL is also implementing simulator of 800 MW for APGENCO Krishnapatnam for which implementation is under progress, it added.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Uninor initiates project to bridge mobile gender gapUninor initiates project to bridge mobile gender gap
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 8:  
Uninor has launched a project aimed at increasing women’s access to the use of mobile phones and promote solutions towards removing barriers to mobile usage.
The project will be awarded a grant by the GSMA’s Mobile For Development Foundation, Inc. via its Connected Women programme, which provides seed funding to telecom operators for the design and launch of economically sustainable products and services, with an aim to bridge the mobile gender gap.
Awareness programme
The initiative, called the Project Sampark, plans to create awareness that the mobile is a tool of facilitation for women and their ownership of a mobile phone needs to be encouraged by the society.
Morten Karlsen Sorby, CEO, Uninor, said, “Mobile technology has the ability to change the way we communicate, but its effects are not evenly distributed. Gender disparity is also echoed in mobile usage. This is a significant area of concern and what better way than using mobile connectivity to help deal with this developmental challenge.”
The total investment over the seven-month duration of the project is estimated at $183,654. Uninor will be contributing $113,654 while GSMA will be granting $ 70,000 to support the project.
Pilot project
Project Sampark is being launched as a pilot project to assess the barriers that women face in accessing mobile services such as affordability, mental block or social stigma attached with women to own a handset. The project will aim to enhance tele-density among women, especially in rural areas.
In the pilot phase, 87 villages of Aligarh district of Western Uttar Pradesh, have been identified to pilot the project by testing business case of a commercial offering that helps reduce a multitude of barriers women face in accessing mobile services. For the roll out of the pilot, 40 women and four supervisors will participate including influential women in the region who are Anganwadi and ASHA supporters who can persuasively spread the message.
Uninor will also train women entrepreneurs to make a livelihood by offering them an opportunity to sell mobile prepaid connections and recharge vouchers.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Obamas China visit will be important milestone: RiceReuters U.S. National Security Advisor Susan Rice
Beijing, Sept 8:  
President Barack Obama’s upcoming visit to China represents an “important milestone” in US—China relations, the top White House national security aide said today at a meeting with officials in Beijing.
National Security Advisor Susan Rice’s trip comes at a turbulent time in US foreign policy and just two weeks after Washington accused a Chinese fighter jet of buzzing one of its surveillance planes.
It also comes ahead of a one—on—one summit between Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping that is being planned to coincide with the US leader’s visit to the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Beijing in November.
Obama “views this visit as an important milestone in the development of our important relationship,” Rice said at the opening of her meeting with Chinese State Councillor Yang Jiechi and Chinese ambassador to the US Cui Tiankai.
“The president asked me to travel here —— even as there are many other issues on our shared global agenda —— because of the priority he attaches to US—China relations,” she added.
Yang said that he looked forward to discussing “China’s core interests and major concerns”, as well as working to “constructively manage our differences on sensitive issues to ensure that the US—China relationship will continue to move forward“.
The trip — which is also expected to include meetings with Xi and Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi — is Rice’s first to China as national security advisor.
It is intended as a signal that, despite being pulled into a new conflict in the Middle East against the Islamic State and being consumed by a showdown with Russia over Ukraine, Washington remains committed to its policy of reorienting US power to Asia.
Rice is in Beijing after China told the US to end air and naval surveillance near its borders, which it said was damaging relations between the Pacific powers and could lead to “undesirable accidents“.
The latest incident took place last month, when a Chinese fighter jet flew less than 30 feet (nine metres) away from a US surveillance aircraft near China’s Hainan island in an episode that recalled a standoff over a downed US spy plane in the same area in 2001.
The US insists the area is international waters, but Beijing regards it as part of its territory.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Punj Lloyd shares slump nearly 5% on disappointing Q1 resultsAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Flood situation grim in J&K; rescue operations underwayPress Trust of India |  Srinagar/Jammu Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 12:17 PM IST
Flood situation grim in J&K; rescue operations underway
A total of 25 boats have been launched in flooded areas of Srinagar city to ferry people out
Massive rescue operations were underway today to evacuate tens of thousands of people stranded in floods in Jammu and Kashmir as the situation remained grim with most parts of Srinagar city still under water and bad communication lines and high water levels posing a big challenge.
As authorities struggled to deal with the calamity, a landslide was reported from Pachori village in Udhampur district and mitigation forces have reached the area to rescue the few people trapped there.
A total of 25 boats have been launched in flooded areas of Srinagar city to ferry people out even as over 5,100 people have been rescued from the state which is reeling under heavy floods.
Flood fury has so far claimed the lives of nearly 150 people and damaged many buildings, including hospitals, and snapped road and communication links, cutting off many areas. The Army cantonment, Civil Secretariat and the High Court in Srinagar have also been inundated.
"We are facing a big problem of communication as all links are down. We are not able to communicate with our teams sent on ground in this flood-ravaged areas. Also, as water level is high in many places our personnel are not able to reach the stranded," National Disaster Response Force chief O P Singh told reporters in Delhi.
"We have launched a massive operation in the state and divided the state into three zones for smooth conduct of operations. Each zone will be headed by a commandant-rank officer and there will be an overall supervision of a DIG," he said.
A total of 5,183 people have been rescued till now from the flood waters which includes children and women, he said.
The NDRF Director General said massive operations are being undertaken in the submerged areas of Goglibagh, Batmalu, Badami Bagh and Bakshi Stadium area of state capital Srinagar apart from other areas.
He said over 13 bodies have also been recovered by NDRF teams in the state till now, he said.
Over 500 satellite phones have also been dispatched to aid rescuers deployed in both Jammu and Kashmir Valley areas, he said.
 Advertisements

If Scots keep the pound they forgo independenceSeptember 4, 2014 6:48 pm
If Scots keep the pound they forgo independence
By Martin Wolf
Alternatives to the currency union exist and some might work well
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/995a8b64-3380-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BP Plc can absorb $18-bn fine for 2010 oil spill: ExpertsRon Bousso and Dima Zhdannikov     London   Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 14:06 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
BP Plc should be able to meet the cost of up to $18 billion of new fines for the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill without major asset sales or a big cut in its dividend, analysts say.
The oil group's shares dropped nearly 6 per cent on Thursday after US District Judge Carl Barbier in New Orleans, Louisiana, said it was "grossly negligent" in the April 20, 2010, rig explosion and spill that killed 11 workers.
However, BP said it would appeal the ruling, meaning any decision on indemnities could be years away.
The company has set aside only $3.5 billion for fines under the Clean Water Act, part of a much broader series of provisions for cleanup, compensation and damages that exceed $42 billion.
But it could be liable for up to $17.6 billion if its appeal against the "gross negligence" ruling is denied.
"The headline is obviously negative, but BP will appeal and the appeals process is likely to be dragged out for years," said Bernard Hodee, analyst at Raymond James, which kept its rating on BP shares unchanged at "fair value".
"It's a big hit financially, but not a strategy-altering blow. It would have obviously preferred alternative uses for the funds and it is negative but I don't think it changes BP's course. The hard lifting was done in 2010-12," said Jefferies analyst Jason Gammel, referring to asset sales in those years.
The unwelcome news, at a time when many oil firms are struggling to cut costs in the face of shrinking profits, is unlikely to have much impact BP's dividend payments in the near-term, as the company had $27.5 billion in cash and equivalents on its balance sheet at the end of the second quarter.
"Although this is now a point of high uncertainty for investors, we believe the financial implications of this ruling will remain significantly below the maximum - the Citi estimate is $8.2 billion - a sum that should not impact on BP's ability to fund future growth ambitions nor shareholder dividends," Citi said in a note, signalling they expect the eventual level of fines will be well short of the $18 billion maximum.
It upgraded its BP share valuation to "buy" from "neutral", raising its price target to 510 pence from 480 pence.
The case will go on for months or even years with Barbier set to assign damages after the next phase of a civil trial over the accident, scheduled for January 2015. The two earlier phases of the trial looked at how to apportion blame and examined how much oil spilled.
(Reuters)

For-profit education stocks on fireWhy Wall Street loves for-profit education
By Jesse Solomon  @JesseSolomonCNN September 8, 2014: 4:34 PM ET
Strayer University's stock is on a tear this year.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The for-profit education sector has gotten schooled in recent years by bad publicity and intensifying regulation, but some companies are now getting gold stars from Wall Street.
Strayer Education ( STRA ) shares have soared 75% this year. The company offers accredited certificate, associate, bachelor's, and master's degree programs at 100 campuses across the country and online. DeVry Education Group ( DV ) is up over 20% while Capella, ( CPLA ) which mostly specializes in online graduate education, has rallied 13% in the past three months.
This performance is especially impressive given that the government has the industry as a whole under heavy scrutiny.
Earlier this summer, Corinthian Colleges ( COCO ) reached an agreement with the Department of Education to close down. The company, which operates Everest College, Heald and WyoTech, had its federal funding restricted over allegations that it used faulty job placement data in its marketing material and altered grades and attendance figures. It's also facing a lawsuit from the California attorney general.
Critics of for-profit colleges argue that they prey on the poor by over promising and under delivering on career prospects after graduation. Furthermore, many students take on federally-backed loans to finance their degrees, essentially leaving taxpayers on the hook if they can't find good jobs after completing their programs.
Related: I'm 57 and owe $152,000 in student loans
All the heat has taken a toll on for-profit education stocks. Strayer, for example, is still down 70% over the last five years.
"People started to question if they wanted to take out debt to get a degree for a job they don't even know if they can get because the economy is so bad," explained Corey Greendale of First Analysis.
Report cards: Strayer is a particularly interesting case. It's overall enrollment is down, but investors got excited again because it's attracting more new students and doing a better job of controlling costs. The new student class ticked up by 2%, partly as a result of the school lowering undergraduate tuition, Greendale said.
But after the mega stock gains this year, it's unclear how much room Strayer as to run. Only 20% of Wall Street analysts who follow the stock give it a "buy" rating, which is low compared to most stocks.
The story is similar at Capella, which grew its new student population by 11%, even though it has suffered overall with declining enrollment. But the stock gets a bit more love from investors, with 44% of analysts rating it a "buy."
As for DeVry, enrollment fell last quarter at its flagship DeVry University campuses, but it was up solidly in its medical and health care segment, which includes a nursing college as well as a medical school in the Caribbean. It's also expanding its presence in Brazil rapidly.
DeVry hasn't lowered rates, according to Greendale, but it did increase the number of scholarships, which reduced the cost of attendance overall.
Related: Help wanted: College degree not needed
The future of for-profit education: At the end of the day, for-profit schools will be judged on the employment outcomes of their graduates, claimed Chip Paucek, CEO of 2U ( TWOU ), a firm that provides cloud-based software for online degree programs at nonprofit universities.
"Situations like Corinthian aren't good for anyone," he said.
Still, he argues that it's important to provide education to as many people as possible, regardless of their economic circumstances.
"We can't have the kind of college access we need in this country without the for-profit sector," he said.
 
College 'can't just be for rich folks'
As for Wall Street, Greendale says investors have become more comfortable with the sector despite the regulatory concerns. He doesn't foresee another scenario like Corinthian, partly because it's a logistical nightmare for the Department of Education to wind down the schools.
"There's less concern that the industry is going out business," he said.
First Published: September 7, 2014: 9:45 AM ET
Join the Conversation

How Firefox Phones differ from Androids: 8 pointsAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Motorola emphasises design in Moto 360 circular smartwatchAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Movie review: Mary KomAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Under Armour is beating Adidas in the race to eat Nikes dustUnder Armour is winning the battle for second place.Reuters/Issei Kato
SHARE
Kabir Chibber @quinto_quarto
September 7, 2014
Under Armour has overtaken Adidas for the first time among sportswear brands in the US, the Wall Street Journal reported . The US brand’s sales are up 20% to $1.2 billion so far this year, while its German rival’s sales are down 23% to $1.1 billion. But both companies are still several times smaller than the number one sportswear brand. Nike has generated $8.9 billion in sales over the same period.
Under Armour has been upping its profile slowly but surely. It jumped in with a $200-million bid to sponsor basketball superstar Kevin Durant, whose contract with Nike was set to expire. Nike jumped back in with a $350-million offer. “We wanted to send a message to every athletic director, to every president of every team club, to every league commissioner,” Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank told Bloomberg . “If you have a deal, there’s no deal too big for us.”
The firm also successfully boosted its image with viral ads. One featured a ballerina who was told at 13 years old that she didn’t have the right body to make it:
This week, the company launched a new ad featuring Gisele, the highest-paid model in the world and wife of football star Tom Brady, who is sponsored by Under Armour:
Meanwhile, Adidas acknowledged that it has a lot to do if it is to win over US consumers, especially as Nike is doing well in its home German market. “In America, companies like our two main competitors are constantly reinventing the model,” Adidas’s  North American head Mark King told the Journal. “The people really winning here are adapting to consumers and the marketplace. We just have to move faster.”
Share this:

Tragedy thaws India-Pakistan chillFloods unleash more misery in Jammu and Kashmir, PM Narendra Modi announces Rs 1000 cr aid
PTI | Jammu/Srinagar | Published:  Sep 07 2014, 18:53  IST
Sep 07 2014, 18:53  IST
 

Buy Wipro  Sell HDFC Today: Sanjeev BhasinSensex, Nifty Fall Sharply As Fed Jitters Hit Global Markets Again
The Nifty is likely to creep above 8,100 amid mixed global cues though Asian stock markets traded flat to negative on Monday.
Weakness in oil, which is trading near 16-month low and gold bode well for short-term exchange traded flows (ETF), which will keep indices steady.
For today, these stocks may do well with a three-four day outlook,
1) Buy Wipro: 578-583, stop loss 567, target 600
2) Sell HDFC: 1055-1060, stop loss 1075, target 1030
Investment call: Buy Engineers India at 228-230 with a three-month target of 333. EIL, a public sector undertaking (PSU) "navratna", is a leading design and engineering organization. The company has a very strong balance sheet with positive cash flow. It will benefit from strength in oil marketing companies' cash improvement, which will see increase in refining capacity and increase order book position.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 08:34 (IST)

Planning to buy property 10 tips before striking a good deal | ET WealthYou are here: Home > Collections > Sops
Planning to buy property? Consider these 10 points before striking a deal
Sanjay Kumar Singh & Amit Shanbaug, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 10.26AM IST
Tags:
Builders
(We tell you about the pitfalls…)
Sushmita Sinha, 47, a business woman based in Noida, is eager to buy an apartment, but is assailed by doubts on many fronts. Should she buy now or wait for some more time? Have the prices bottomed out or could they fall further? Every day she comes across newspaper advertisements from builders offering discounts and sops, each seemingly more attractive than the other. This avalanche of special offers has left Sinha confused. How should she go about assessing their real worth?
Then there are the complexities of taxation and insurance associated with the purchase of a house, all of which she finds perplexing. Like Sinha, thousands of buyers across the country want to purchase a property now, but don't have the answers to the abovementioned, and several other, questions.
In this week's cover story, we provide the required answers, tell you about the many pitfalls that you should avoid, and also offer a comprehensive road map to help you undertake what is, perhaps, the single largest, most expensive and important investment of your life.
1. Don't wait for prices to correct
Barring cities in the South, which have witnessed a considerable price rise over the past 12 months (see table), prices have been either stagnant or have risen marginally in the top cities. They have corrected in only a few pockets.
Says Om Ahuja, CEO, residential services, Jones Lang LaSalle India: "Prices have dropped in only a handful of projects in specific locations and extended suburbs. These are not relevant overall because either these locations or the specific products have inherent flaws."
To wait for a correction in prices from now onwards would amount to living in a fool's paradise. With a stable government coming to power, a Budget that had several positive provisions for the realty sector, and GDP growth reviving in the April-June quarter, the sentiment in the realty market may improve. So, buy property right away. Prices have already bottomed out. Since the pace of transaction remains slow, builders are still offering price discounts and other sops. Once the sales pick up, they may withdraw the offers.
 
2. Don't expect quick gains
Those investing in real estate now should not expect prices to rise sharply over the next year or so, the primary reason being that they have already increased to a high level in most cities, especially in Mumbai and the National Capital Region (NCR). Says Anshuman Magazine, CMD, CB Richard Ellis South Asia: "The sales volumes have gone down in Mumbai and the NCR because prices in these cities have risen very high. In places like Bangalore and Chennai, where prices are still at a level that can be absorbed by the market, sales are still happening."
Another factor that will prevent prices from appreciating is the huge pile-up of inventory in most cities (see High inventory will keep prices under pressure).
Even though sales have slowed down, developers keep launching projects because they have invested huge sums in land and need to earn returns. According to Pankaj Kapoor, MD, Liases Foras, a real estate research firm, "Prices in the top cities will be under pressure for the next year or two due to the accumulation of a huge inventory. Efficient markets maintain 8-10 months of inventory, but in most Indian cities the level is much higher." Owing to cost escalation, developers can't cut prices. So what we are likely to see is time correction. "Sales won't pick up until people's incomes rise to a level where current realty prices become affordable," says Kapoor.
If you are investing in real estate now, have an investment horizon of five years or more. Also, expect more modest returns than in the past. Says Magazine: "The time for quick and abnormal gains from real estate is over." He adds that Indians will have to get used to more normal gains from realty in the future, as is the case in the mature markets of the West. A normal rate of return implies one that exceeds the inflation rate by a few percentage points.
3. Factor in borrowing costs
The interest rates on home loans are currently in double digits. A combination of factors, including high prices of apartments, high home loan rates, and slow growth in salaries in urban areas owing to the economic slowdown, has made it difficult for people to buy a house. Those buying property as an investment must live with the fact that while they will have to pay 10-11 per cent interest on the loan, the current slowdown in the realty market means that the value of their property may not appreciate at all, or may see a single-digit rise. So their net gain may be negative in the short to medium term.

Sensex  Nifty hit fresh highs on fund inflowsMarket update: Sensex, Nifty end at new peak, up 1 per cent each
Agencies     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 17:56 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
After two-day of small correction, both the roaring key indices, Sensex and Nifty, went berserk, scaling their fresh historic peaks and rocketed by over one per cent each to register their new highs of 27,319.85 and 8,173.90 respectively on enhancing confidence among investors on sustained buying by foreign funds and fall in crude prices.
The benchmark S&P Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Monday resumed strong on the back of rally on Wall Street last Friday to log a life-time closing high of 27,319.85.
The 30-share barometer gradually moved up further to an intra-trade peak of 27,354.99 before spurting by 293.15 points, or 1.08 per cent, to end at a new high. In the last two trading sessions , it had risen by 113.33 points or 0.42 per cent.
Tracking the same trend, the broad-based 50-share Nifty of the National Stock Exchange (NSE) also commenced higher and rallied further to hit a new intra-day peak of 8,180.20 before recording new closing high of 8,173.90, up by 87.05 points (or 1.08 per cent).
Oil & Gas shares were at the forefront after fall in global crude oil prices after subdued US jobs data fuelled demand concerns and a cease-fire between Russia and Ukraine.
Brent crude oil for October settlement was trading above US $100 a barrel.
It will help the country to contain current account deficit and fiscal deficit. The country imports nearly 80 per cent of its crude oil requirements.
Persistant buying by foreign funds was the major force behind the current rally. The data showed that FPIs/FIIs bought shares worth Rs 4,813.38 crore last week, including provisional data of September 5.
Buying was seen in most of the sectors, as 11 out of 12 sectoral indices gained between 0.26 per cent and 1.79 per cent with Oil&Gas, FMCG, Bankex, Metal and IT shares taking the lead.
Tyre shares were in the limelight on hopes that recent sharp fall in rubber prices could boost the profitability of these companies. Apollo Tyres , Ceat Tyres, Dunlop India, Falcon Tyre, Goodyear India, JK Tyres, MRF and TVS Shrichakra closed strong between 4.92 per cent and 20.00 per cent.
Refinery shares were also attracted good buying support on fall in crude prices amid hopes of further reforms. HPCL, BPCL, Castrol, IOC, ONGC, Oil India, Cairn and RIL rose between 1.65 per cent and 4.32 per cent.
Meanwhile, investors got rich by almost Rs 1.25 lakh crore on Monday.
Mr Jignesh Chaudhary, Head of Research, Veracity Broking Services said, "Today Indian equity opened positively followed by the Rupee appreciation, positive sentiments in the global equities. Today indices posted new all time high with the help of blue chip companies which closed positively."
There was no major trigger from Asian markets, as China, South Korea and Taiwan were closed today for holiday while indices from Hong Kong eased by 0.20 per cent and Taiwan rose by 0.23 per cent. European stocks too were trading lower in their late morning deals. The CAC was down by 0.25 per cent, the DAX by 0.06 per cent and the FTSE by 0.69 per cent.
Overall, 26 of the 30-share sensex-based counters closed with gains while M&M, NTPC, Tata Power and HDFC finished with losses.
Major gainers were Hindalco (3.49 per cent), ONGC (2.78 per cent), SBI (1.94 per cent), HDFC Bank (1.80 per cent), Wipro (1.66 per cent), HUL (1.65 per cent), TCS (1.50 per cent), Infosys (1.29 per cent), RIL (1.19 per cent), Axis Bank (1.18 per cent), Maruti (1.12 per cent), Cipla, (1.09 per cent), L&T (1.02 per cent) , SSLT (0.98 per cent), Sun Pharma (0.96 per cent) and ITC (0.96 per cent).
Among the S&P BSE Sectoral indices, Oil&Gas firmed up by 1.79 per cent, FMCG by 1.40 per cent, followed by Bankex (1.38 per cent), CG (1.29 per cent), Metal (1.25 per cent), IT (1.22 per cent) and Teck (1.20 per cent).
Reflecting the rally in second-line stocks with their indices BSE-Smallcap and BSE-Midcap outperforming the sensex and closed strong by 2.11 per cent and 1.29 per cent, resulting the total market to remain strong as 2,081 stocks closed in the green while 947 settled in the red.

Admitting defeat to rescue victoryReddit
On September 18, Scotland will vote to leave the UK. That is the conclusion being drawn from the latest YouGov poll on the independence referendum. Published on Saturday, it has Yes on 51 per cent and No on 49 per cent, once ‘don’t know’ votes are excluded. The sides are within the margin of error but the momentum is with Yes.
If the YouGov poll is accurate, that is.
Another Saturday poll, by Panelbase , shows the No side ahead 52-48. Bookmakers still have a No vote as the most likely option, albeit at longer odds than a few weeks ago. The more relaxed political analysts are suggesting that the swing picked up by YouGov could be due to the “ slumping factor “, when supporters of a long-winning side stop bothering to respond to surveys. They also point to the consistency of the Panelbase survey. Only YouGov (so far) has reported as dramatic a move to Yes.
The chart below ( via Angus Curran ) shows the size of the swing reported by YouGov, here denoted by the orange line. In contrast, the Panelbase result, denoted by the green line, has remained quite steady. This is odd since both YouGov and Panelbase use a similar methodology – an online panel of respondents. It would be very helpful to have polls from companies who have not yet produced results in September, such as ICM and IpsosMori. Mike Smithson, a political betting expert, worries that YouGov exaggerated Cleggmania in the 2010 general election; he says he is waiting until next week’s results from ICM and TNS, pollsters who do not use online panels.
I will wait for the next polls, too. But in the meantime I reserve the right to panic.
Let’s assume that the YouGov poll is an accurate reflection of what has happened in Scotland over the last few weeks. The underlying YouGov data suggest that the Yes campaign has executed its strategy. (These involve small sub-samples of respondents but we are in assuming mode.) If the No side is to launch a successful attempt to save the union, it will begin by looking at the three reasons why it has lost ground.
First, Scots are now divided on whether independence would have positive or negative economic consequences, according to the YouGov data. Previously, a majority of Scots thought that there would be a negative effect, suggesting that independence has been “de-risked”, as Peter Kellner, YouGov president, writes. This was the big danger for the No campaign , which has made currency its biggest issue.
Second, left-leaning Scots have moved from No or don’t know to Yes. Less than one in five Labour voters said they would vote Yes four weeks ago, now more than one-third say they will. The attraction of McUtopia is as strong as it is misleading.
Third, as Mr Kellner writes , Scots feel the Yes campaign has been better run and more optimistic. I would add that I think this applies to more than the formal campaign – if you spend any time north of the border there is an infectious vim that has gone underestimated in England. And I suspect this influences how some Scots think about an independent country: “if the campaign is so positive and well run”, they may think, “then surely the country can’t be so bad. And I’ll have a say.”
Let’s continue to assume the YouGov story is the right one. How to save the union? Based on the three elements above, there are broadly three options:
Go so negative that even Kelvin would need minus numbers. Repeat again and again the disastrous economic consequences of independence.
Argue that the UK is the best way to achieve social justice, especially since there would likely be a Labour-led government in power from May.
Love bomb the Scots, Quebec style. Offer a more optimistic vision.
Over the next 11 days I expect we will see a mixture of the three approaches. That is a problem, though, since they are contradictory. As medieval theologians found, it is difficult to be optimistic while forecasting Armageddon. So these will be combined with another strategy, which can be summarised as: admit defeat to rescue victory.
The fundamental tactical error made by the No campaign is not that it has been too negative, or not negative enough. It was to not have the option of more devolution on the ballot. This is what a plurality of Scots wanted , and probably still want, after all. Each major party has made individual promises but these have failed to penetrate a Scottish imaginary that does not trust Westminster. In the meantime there has been a flourishing of democracy, a confident assertion of a new sense of Scottishness.
In this sense, the Yes campaign has already won. This is why on Sunday morning there are reports of a belated offer of more devolution from all of the three main UK parties . This is admitting defeat to rescue victory. Those who want the union to survive can only hope that it is not too late. Or that the YouGov numbers are wrong.

Airtel to sell over 3 500 African phone towersBharti Airtel to sell over 3,500 African mobile phone masts
Devidutta Tripathy     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 14:40 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Bharti Airtel has agreed to sell more than 3,500 of its mobile phone masts in six African countries to telecommunications tower company Eaton Towers in a bid to cut costs, the companies said on Monday.
The telecommunications services company will lease back the towers from Eaton under a 10-year contract, the companies said in a statement. They did not disclose financial details of the deal.
In July, Bharti Airtel agreed to sell about 3,100 masts in four African countries to Helios Towers Africa. The sales are part of the Indian group's plan to divest most of its more than 15,000 towers in Africa in a process that sources have said could raise up to $2 billion.
(Reuters)

Absorb Rajeshwar Singh in ED as Dy. Director...You are here: Home > Collections
Supreme Court orders permanent absorption of Rajeshwar Singh as Enforcement Directorate Deputy Director
PTI Sep 8, 2014, 12.50PM IST
Tags:
Cat
(Dayal alongwith another…)
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today asked the Centre to absorb Rajeshwar Singh, who has been probing the money laundering aspects in cases including in the 2G scam, as permanent Deputy Director in the Enforcement Directorate within three days.
"The Central government shall confirm the permanent absorption of Rajeshwar Singh as Deputy Director within three days from today," a bench of justices H L Dattu and S A Bobde said.
The bench came down heavily on the Centre for not complying with the directions of the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT), issued on December 24 last year, to absorb Singh on permanent basis with the ED.
"You (Centre) don't obey the positive directions issued by the tribunal. The Delhi High Court refuses to stay the order of the tribunal on your writ petition. Even then you kept waiting for eight months.
"We will pass an order asking you to give him permanent appointment with ED," the bench said, adding that "this court had trusted this man for conducting the trial. Do you expect him to keep on fighting court cases and investigate the matter."
It also clarified that the order of the CAT has to be complied with as the Centre failed to file a special leave petition in the Supreme Court after the Delhi High Court refused to stay the tribunal's order in the matter.
Additional Solicitor General (ASG) L Nageswara Rao, appearing for the Centre, opposed the plea of Singh saying that the writ petition is still pending in the high court and order can be passed by the apex court only after the decision of the case by the high court.
Referring to the sequence of events, the ASG said that various ED officers, who had come on deputation, were decided to be absorbed as permanent officials by the UPSC.
However, the appointment committee of the Ministry of Finance later decided not to confirm these officials as permanent officers, the ASG added.
The ASG informed the court that the money laundering probe in the 2G case and the Aircel-Maxis case are already over.
The bench, however, did not allow the submissions of the central government and said that the officers had the trust of the apex court and cannot be treated like this.
Earlier the apex court had said that it will pass an appropriate order after hearing Singh as to whether he wants to continue with the ED or not.
Raising the issue of Singh, BJP leader Subramanium Swamy had said that despite the apex court's May 1 order he had not been reinstated into the investigation and it was not known "what powerful element are working" that he is out of the probe.
Singh had sought to recuse himself from the investigation as attempts were being made to destroy the case.
Swamy was one of the petitioners on whose plea the 2G licences were scrapped by the apex court which is monitoring the probe by the CBI and the ED.
Senior advocate K K Venugopal, while appearing for the ED, had placed before the bench a note in which Singh had expressed his desire to go on study leave.
The bench after perusing the copy of his letter, written to ED in which he said he would be available for the probe whenever required, had said since it concerns an officer it would like to hear him.
It was reported that Singh had taken a year-long 'study leave' apparently owing to lack of clarity over his continuance in the agency.
The apex court on May 1 had ordered that Singh be not taken away from the ongoing probe in 2G cases and directed that he will continue with the investigation till completion of trial.
The order was passed after it was alleged that Singh was being transferred to his parent cadre in Uttar Pradesh.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Markets @ new peak: Opto Circuits gains over 14%; top 20 stock betsAshwani Gujral
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rallied over 300 points in trade on Monday to hit its fresh record high of 27,333.26, led by gains in ONGC, TCS, L&T, RIL and HDFC Bank.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index rallied over 80 points to hit its respective life high of 8176.70, supported by gains in banks, capital goods, pharma and power stocks.
At 15.15 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,333.26, up 306 points or 1.13 per cent. It touched a fresh record high of 27,333.32 and a low of 27,144.56 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8,178.35 up 91 points or 1.1per cent. It touched an intraday record high of 8,179.25 and a low of 8126.15.
Market highlights @ 2
- 4.27 lakh Federal Bank shares traded in a block deal at Rs 124.95, stock up 2%
- Brent Crude falls most since June 2013 currently at $100.08, down 0.73%
- Unlikely to tap capital markets in FY15 for fund raising, says SBI Chief
- Arvind Remedies up 31% in 2 trading sessions currently at Rs 64.5, up 10.63%
- Amrutanjan up 36% in 2 trading sessions currently at Rs 339.50, up 16.29%
Market highlights @ 1
- Punj Lloyd surges 10% on Rs 3,515 crore order win
- Sandeep Wagle: Cairn India is a 'buy' with a target of Rs 347 and stop loss of Rs 332
- Prakash Gaba: Biocon can climb to around 515; stop at 496
- ONGC gains 2% after Bank of America upgrade
- Tata Steel to pay Rs 193.34 crore as bonus
- Rupee up 0.44%, is Asia's best gainer over 5 days
- La Opala rallies over 5%, sets date for share split
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Arvind Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 305 and a stop loss of Rs 323
Adani Ports Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 292
Coal India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 383 and a stop loss of Rs 365
Asian Paints Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 675 and a stop loss of Rs 650
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Siemens Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 915 and a stop loss of Rs 861
Adani Enterprises Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 541 and a stop loss of Rs 505
Grasim Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3705 and a stop loss of Rs 3614
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Siemens Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 900 and a stop loss of Rs 870
Adani Ports Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 293
Grasim Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3710 and a stop loss of Rs 3610
Cairn India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 347 and a stop loss of Rs 332
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Aban Offshore Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 800 and a stop loss of Rs 756
Bajaj Auto Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2400 and a stop loss of Rs 2335
Siemens Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 900 and a stop loss of Rs 860
Kunal Saraogi, CEO, www.equityrush.com
IFCI Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 31.50 and a stop loss of Rs 33.50
IRB Infrastructure Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 285 and a stop loss of Rs 265
ONGC is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 465 and a stop loss of Rs 450
Ashish Chaturmohta, Head Technical & Derivatives Desk Research, Fortune Equity Brokers (India) Ltd
IRB Infrastructure Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 290 and a stop loss of Rs 268
Crompton Greaves Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 240 and a stop loss of Rs 217
Adani Enterprises Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 540 and a stop loss of Rs 507
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

How Modi govt plans to provide 24*7 power: 8...Coal
(Goyal said the government…)
NEW DELHI: Stating that the NDA government is committed to ensure affordable 24x7 power for all homes, industrial and commercial establishments and adequate power for farms within five years, Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal has laid out the Modi government's plans to ensure supply of electricity.
Goyal said the government is working towards providing power to the last man standing in the country and has commenced taking various measures for the same. We take a look at eight steps that Goyal outlined for the same:
1) Rationalise coal supplies: Goyal said his ministry is aiming to rationalise supplies by supplying fuel nearest to the plant as well as implement long term measures to raise output. Goyal said that state-run Coal India will spend Rs 5,000 crore to purchase 250 rail rakes for faster evacuation of dry fuel from mines.
The government will also look at appointment of Coal India head breaking from the present system of PSEB appointment to bring greater professional efficiency.
The minister also assured that there will be speedy action after the Supreme Court's decision on illegal coal mine allocation to get the process rolling and enhance coal output to 1 billion tonne by 2019.
2) Coal Regulator: The minister said that the government will bring in a statutory and robust coal regulator to replace the proposed Coal Regulatory Authority.
"A non-statutory regulator was proposed which in my opinion has no meaning because it had no teeth to implement any of its decisions, therefore we are not pursuing a non-statutory coal regulator," Goyal said.
3) Civil nuclear cooperation agreement: The agreement to operationalise civil nuclear cooperation agreement with Australia is likely to be ready in the next 3-4 months, Goyal said.
The pact is significant given that Indian nuclear plants generate around 4,680 MW of power, of which the 2,840 MW was from indigenous uranium while 1,840 MW was from imported fuel.
"The agreement is likely to be ready in next 3-4 months to operationalise civil nuclear cooperation pact with Australia," he said.
4) Tighten surveillance at major coal mines: The government plans to tighten surveillance at all major coal mines to control coal theft. "The government has proposed to establish a national coal dispatch monitoring centre...Moreover, real time surveillance at all major sensitive zones is being planned and reject-based power plant will be set up next to mines, Goyal said.
A proposal for a multi-disciplinary security force is also under consideration, he said.
"The home minister has assured that the government will help us in creating special multi disciplinary task force," the minister said.
Stating that controlling the pilferage as his priority the minister said the government is "setting up surveillance system, CCTVs (all some of the major mines)......and all of this is going to be linked with central monitoring stations at three levels--at the coal company level, at Coal India headquarter level at Kolkata and at Delhi," the minister said.
The government said that in this way there would be three-pronged monitoring of the major coal mines which would ensure coal theft could be reduced.
5) Hydel potential: Announcing a slew of measures for supporting electricity generation in Jammu and Kashmir, Goyal today said the state should study its hydro-power generation potential and develop plants on a fast track basis.
"Have asked the state to prepare a Detailed Project Report (DPR) of its hydel capacity on a fast track basis as hydel plants should be set up in J&K," Goyal said here.
"We can set up solar power plants in the region, we can increase hydel generation in the state and transmit that power to the rest of the country and the state can earn revenue," he said.
  6) Environmental clearances: Government will speed up environment and forest clearances to projects, said Goyal. "We have ensured speedy environmental clearances and steps to protect the environment, renewed thrust to wind power capacity addition and cleared long-pending transmission projects worth Rs 12,272 crore," Goyal said.
Together it would be a major step forward for our vision of 24x7 consistent power, he said.
Green Energy Corridor for evacuation of renewable power is being expedited as well, he said.
7) Gas based capacity: Several steps are being taken to resolve stranded gas based capacity (24,148 MW) issue and plans have been made to use gas primarily to meet peak load demand since electricity generation can be ramped up at a short notice, Goyal said.
8) Solar ultra mega power plant at Sambhar: The Centre is waiting for the state government's clearance for setting up the proposed ultra mega solar power project in Sambhar near Jaipur. "We are ready to implement the project as soon as possible if the state government gives the clearance. We are also ready for setting up project elsewhere to generate solar energy on a large scale if the state government provides us land," he said.
The state government has expressed ecological and environmental concerns about the project in that area which is the prime site for migratory birds and may cast adverse impact on the ecology.
(With inputs from reports filed by PTI)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maha polls: Ajit Pawar plays down Cong-NCP rift over seat-sharingMaharashtra deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar on Monday sought to play down differences between NCP and Congress over seat-sharing. (File Photo)
Press Trust of India | Pune | Posted: September 8, 2014 1:32 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 1:39 pm
Even as the rift between Congress and NCP on the issue of seat-sharing for the upcoming Maharashtra Assembly elections remained wide open, state Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar on Monday sought to play down differences between the two coalition partners.
Asked whether the Democratic Front (DF) alliance of the two parties would be intact to fight together the October polls, Pawar said, “There is nothing to worry on that count.”
The NCP leader, who spoke informally to reporters after performing ‘Aarti’ at a Ganesh temple on the day of immersion, said in a lighter vein, “Let us have a positive thinking today as we are bidding adieu to Lord Ganesh.”
Both Congress and NCP, which have ruled in the state for over a decade, have been at loggerheads of late with a satisfactory seat-sharing formula still evading the two parties that received a severe drubbing in the Lok Sabha elections held in May this year.
The insistence of NCP on getting 144 out of 288 seats has been the main stumbling block in the negotiations with Congress stubbornly refusing to leave more than 114 seats for its partner, sticking to the last Assembly elections’ formula.
NCP chief Sharad Pawar had recently, however, hinted that both the parties would need to adopt a flexible approach in the “larger interests” (to keep away ‘communal forces’ from power) of the state.

Airtel sells 3 500 telecom towers in Africa to Eaton TowersThe agreements with Eaton Towers will allow Airtel to focus on its core business and customers. (Reuters)
New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 1:31 pm
Telecom major Bharti Airtel , agreed to sell more than 3,500 of its mobile phone towers in six African countries to telecommunications tower company Eaton Towers in a bid to cut costs, the company said in a statement on Monday.
Airtel has operations in 20 countries across Asia and Africa.
The agreement follows Airtel’s and Eaton Towers’ strategies to drive cost efficiencies throughout the industry via the use of shared passive infrastructure.
As per the deal, Airtel will sell and lease back over 3500 towers to Eaton in six countries across its African operations under a 10-year contract.
Eaton Towers’ coverage in Africa now expands to seven countries with over 5000 towers.
The agreements will allow Airtel to focus on its core business and customers, enable it to deleverage through debt reduction, and will significantly reduce its on-going capital expenditure on passive infrastructure.
For Eaton Towers, the acquisition is a major step towards the scale needed to provide shared telecoms infrastructure solutions, with its customers benefiting from lower operating costs, expanded network coverage and capacity and improved quality of service.
The agreements are subject to statutory and regulatory approvals in the respective countries.
Commenting on the development, Manoj Kohli, Chairman, Bharti Airtel International Netherlands BV (BAIN), said: “The agreement with Eaton Towers is an extension of this philosophy and will lead to far superior utilisation of passive infrastructure and help drive the proliferation of affordable mobile services across Africa.”
Alan Harper, CEO of Eaton Towers added: “This is a transformational deal which gives Eaton Towers the most diversified tower portfolio across Africa. We are proud to be chosen by Airtel as their key partner in these 6 countries.”

Ten confirmed dead in Colombia plane crashPress Trust of India | Posted: September 8, 2014 1:36 pm
The bodies of 10 people killed aboard a Colombian plane that crashed in the Amazon jungle were recovered Sunday, officials said.
A Colombian Air Force helicopter took the bodies to the town of Araracuara, where the aircraft had taken off the day before for Florence, capital of the southwestern department of Caqueta. Rescue team official Gustavo Ortega told AFP the eight passengers and two crew died on impact after Saturday’s crash, minutes after takeoff.
Ortega said all the dead – six men, three women and a young girl – were Colombian nationals. During its mission to recover the bodies, the helicopter found six relatives of the victims who were lost in the jungle while looking for the downed aircraft on their own, the air force said.
The Laser company aircraft took off from Araracuara Airport in the country’s south around 3:00 pm local time (2000 GMT) on Saturday. It lost contact with air traffic control as it went over the town of Florencia.
The wreck of the aircraft was located – fragmented and incinerated – 10 kilometers (six miles) from the urban center of the town of Puerto Santander. Ortega said the flight was a normal commercial route. Air travel is a popular method of transport in the jungle region because of poor roads.
The cause of the accident was under investigation. However, one man who was supposed to have boarded the flight, Silvio Rojas, told RCN Radio the plane appeared to suffer engine failure shortly after take-off.
“There was a lot of smoke from the left engine,” he said.

Airtel to sell 3 500 telecom towers in Afric...You are here: Home > Collections
Bharti Airtel to sell 3,500 telecom towers in Africa to Eaton
ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 11.36AM IST
Tags:
Bharti Airtel Ltd
(Bharti Airtel will…)
NEW DELHI: Sunil Mittal-headed Bharti Airtel will sell more than 3,500 of its mobile towers in six African countries to telecommunications tower firm, Eaton Towers in a bid to reduce costs.
Bharti Airtel will lease back the towers from Eaton under a 10-year pact, the companies said in a statement.
But they did not disclose financial details of the deal. The agreements are subject to statutory and regulatory approvals in the respective African countries.
Back in July, Bharti Airtel had agreed to sell about 3,100 towers in four African countries to Helios Towers Africa.
"This agreement (with Eaton) represents the next phase of Airtel's growth journey in Africa. We are strong proponents of telecoms infrastructure sharing, which results in industry-wide cost efficiencies," Manoj Kohli, chairman, Bharti Airtel International Netherlands BV (BAIN), said in a media statement.
Eatorn Towers chief executive Alan Harper said this "transformational deal" would give Eaton Towers the most diversified tower portfolio across Africa. "We are proud to be chosen by Bharti Airtel as their key partner in these six countries," Alan Harper, said in a statement. The agreement will expand Eaton Towers' Africa coverage to 7 countries with over 5000 towers.
The latest tower sale is part of India's top mobile operator's plans to divest most of its 15,000-plus towers in Africa, in a process that could reportedly raise up to $2 billion.
The latest pact with Eaton will enable Bhari Airtel focus on its core business and customers, help it to deleverage through debt reduction, and will significantly reduce its on-going capital expenditure on passive infrastructure.
Kohli added that the Eaton pact would lead to "superior usage of passive infrastructure and help drive the proliferation of affordable mobile services across Africa".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Want to make quick bucks! Six stocks that could return upto 16% in just 5-8 sessions(Immediate support for the…)
By Mitesh Thacker
After making record highs of 8141, the Nifty consolidated at higher levels last week. The sustained weekly gap-up closing indicates an extension of the current bull run.
Immediate support for the Nifty is placed around 8048 / 8000 levels, which are its swing lows / psychological levels, followed by 7968 (weekly gap). The Nifty holds an important support at 7968 levels.
Till it continues to hold above these levels, the trend is likely to remain sideways to positive, whereas on the upside, buying strength will emerge in the market above 8130 levels on a sustained basis and can see more momentum towards 8200 - 8220 levels.
Caution is advised below 7968 levels. The market will be in a stock and sector-specific mode.
Here is a list of top five stocks to buy which can give a return of up to 16% in the next 5-8 days:
Oil India Ltd: BUY for a target of Rs 700/750
On the monthly price chart, OIL registered swing breakout and closed at multi-year highs. Last week prices closed above the key level of 630. Immediate target for the above-mentioned breakout is placed at 697 / 736 / 790, achievable in the coming few weeks. The momentum indicators are pointing upward.
Coal India Ltd: BUY for a target of Rs 380/394.30
The share price of Coal India was trading in a sideway range of 373 on the upside and 320 on the downside. Prices are finding support from its near-term moving averages and averages are trading in a bullish zone.
Price will gain momentum once it sustains above 374 and the momentum indicators are also rising.
Power Grid Ltd; BUY for a target of Rs 140/145
The share price was trading in an intermediate downtrend. Prices have taken support from the long-term moving average. On the weekly chart the price formed a bullish engulfing candlestick pattern. Traders should note that the bullish engulfing pattern is a trend reversal pattern, indicating resumption of an uptrend. They can buy the stock at current levels and on dips.
ONGC: BUY for a target of Rs 460/470
ONGC had registered Flag breakout on a daily chart, on the back of rising volumes. The Flag breakout suggests continuation of the current up trend. Prices are sustaining well above their near term moving averages, indicating steady up move. Going forward, prices can head towards 468 / 475 levels. The momentum indicators are also pointing upward.
Hexaware Technologies Ltd: BUY for a target of Rs 176/182
The daily price chart was trading sideways for the past couple of weeks. On Friday the prices registered breakout from upward sloping channel. On the daily chart prices were sustaining well above their near-term moving average and the momentum indicators were also rising.
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analyst's own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

J-K floods: 5 183 people rescued so far  says NDRF DGJ-K floods: 5 183 people rescued so far  says NDRF DG
Punj Lloyd shares surge 10% on Petronas orderPunj Lloyd shares surge 10% on Petronas order
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 8:  
Shares of infrastructure and engineering company Punj Lloyd surged 10 per cent to touch its highest permissible trading limit for the day after the firm secured an order worth Rs 3,515 crore from PRPC Refinery and Cracker, a subsidiary under the Petronas Group.
Punj Lloyd’s scrip soared 9.88 per cent to Rs 40.60 — its upper circuit limit. On the NSE, the stock climbed 9.91 per cent to Rs 40.50.
In a filing to the BSE, the firm today said that it has secured Rs 3,515-crore Rapid Tank Farm order from PRPC Refinery and Cracker, a subsidiary under the Petronas group, Malaysia’s national energy company.
The tank farm is part of Petronas’ refinery and petrochemical integrated development (RAPID) project in Pengerang, Malaysia, it said.
Commenting on the development, J P Chalasani, MD and Group CEO, Punj Lloyd said, “Punj Lloyd is privileged to be part of PIC’s critical milestone requirements. Our expertise in tankage is recognised globally, with our greatest advantage being our in-house engineering skill and extensive project experience of large-scale tank projects.”
With the latest order, Punj Lloyd group’s order backlog reaches Rs 24,679 crore.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

L&T wins orders worth Rs 1 920 cr in hydrocarbon businessPress Trust of India |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 12:40 PM IST
L&T wins orders worth Rs 1,920 cr in hydrocarbon business
Larsen & Toubro (L&T) has bagged contracts worth Rs 1,920 crore in its hydrocarbon business in the offshore and onshore segments.  "L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering, a fully-owned subsidiary of L&T, has secured orders in the offshore and onshore segments worth Rs 1,920 crore from domestic oil and gas majors," a release issued here said.  The company secured an offshore contract worth Rs 1,340 crore from Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC). The scope of the contract includes enginee
Larsen & Toubro (L&T) has bagged contracts worth Rs 1,920 crore in its hydrocarbon business in the offshore and onshore segments.
"L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering, a fully-owned subsidiary of L&T, has secured orders in the offshore and onshore segments worth Rs 1,920 crore from domestic oil and gas majors," a release issued here said.
The company secured an offshore contract worth Rs 1,340 crore from Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC). The scope of the contract includes engineering, procurement, construction and installation of five wellhead platforms at the Mumbai High North field of ONGC.
The project, part of ONGC's strategy to re-develop phase-III of Mumbai High North field to enhance production from existing reservoirs, is scheduled to be completed by March 2016.
In the onshore segment, L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering (LTHE) has secured a contract of Rs 580 crore from a leading company engaged in hydrocarbon downstream processing.
LTHE will carry out EPC work of a dual service cryogenic storage tank facility, suitable for liquid ethane and liquefied natural gas and engineering work for the balance of the facilities to be installed at the client's manufacturing complex, the release added.
 Advertisements

Samsung s smartphone Note 4 priced at 699 eurosSamsung's premium smartphone Note 4 priced at Rs 56,000 in Germany
By PTI | 8 Sep, 2014, 01.53PM IST
"Samsung Note 4 is for 699 Euro. It includes taxes," a Samsung sales representative told PTI at company's branded outlet in Berlin's prominent shopping mall KaDeWe.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
BERLIN: Korean technology giant Samsung has commenced sale of its latest and premium smartphone Note 4 for 699 euro (about Rs 56,000) including taxes in Germany.
"Samsung Note 4 is for 699 Euro. It includes taxes," a Samsung sales representative told PTI at company's branded outlet in Berlin's prominent shopping mall KaDeWe .
At 699 euro, Note 4 has become most expensive smartphone from Samsung's stable.
The phone is expected to be available globally in October and is to be launched in a phased manner.
Samsung has sought to make its Note series a higher premium phone with stylus from renowned pen maker company Mont Blanc. The low end digital pen model for Note 4 is priced at around Rs 9,600 (120 euro) and the high end Mont Blanc stylus model is priced at about Rs 32,800 (410 euro).
The Galaxy Note 4 has 5.7 inch display similar to that is present in Note 3 launched in October last year. The screen display has moved to advanced version Quad HD from Full High Definition.
This will give better viewing experience in terms of contrast, density of colours etc, the company says.
In the new Note 4, Samsung has incorporated multi-function feature on same screen which will allow users to use function like chatting on same screen along with reading as it happens on computer.
The Note 4 has 16 megapixel rear-facing camera and a 3.7 megapixel front-facing camera up to 120 degree wide angle shot.
Samsung representatives said that Note 4 has lower power consumption and increased battery life of 7.5 per cent compared to previous model. The battery capacity in Note 4 is 3,220 mAH compared to 3,200 mAh in Note 3.
The phone comes with features that can charge 50 per cent of battery in 30 minutes, they said.
Samsung has introduced snap feature in S Pen which come with Note 4 for writing on phone. Snap feature allows to select a portion of image or text on screen and share it with desired person through email by simply pasting the selected image or text on email or any other application that allows sharing of image or text.
According to research firm IDC, 301.3 million smartphones were sold globally in April-June 2014, up 25.3 per cent from 240.5 million units shipped in the same period last year. Samsung accounted for over 25 per cent share.

Re @ over 5-week high | Oil falls close to $100Asian units
(By 9:05 a.m. (0335 GMT),…)
MUMBAI: The Indian rupee strengthened to a more than five-week high on Monday, tracking broad overnight losses in the dollar versus major currencies following the weaker-than-anticipated US jobs data.
Gains in other Asian units versus the dollar also helped sentiment.
By 9:05 a.m. (0335 GMT), the partially convertible rupee was at 60.24/25 per dollar, its strongest since July 31 and above its close of 60.39/40 on Friday.
The dollar slipped on Friday after data showed US employers added the fewest jobs in eight months, eroding confidence in the economy and reviving bets that the Federal Reserve might leave interest rates near zero for longer than anticipated.
Earlier this week, they have also revised their USD/INR targets to build in USD strength. Goldman Sachs's new 3, 6 and 12-month USD/INR forecasts are 61, 62 and 63 respectively from 58.5, 61 and 63 earlier.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Karnataka Bank: Outcome of board meeting - Appointment of additional directorSep 08, 2014, 02.06 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Karnataka Bank: Outcome of board meeting - Appointment of additional director
Karnataka Bank has informed that the Board of Directors of the Bank at its meeting held on September 06, 2014 has appointed Shri B. A. Prabhakar, former CMD of Andhra Bank as an Additional Director of the Bank u/s 161 of the Companies Act, 2013.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Karnataka Bank: Outcome of board meeting - Appointment of additional director
Karnataka Bank has informed that the Board of Directors of the Bank at its meeting held on September 06, 2014 has appointed Shri B. A. Prabhakar, former CMD of Andhra Bank as an Additional Director of the Bank u/s 161 of the Companies Act, 2013.
Post your opinion here
 
Karnataka Bank Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Bank at its meeting held on September 06, 2014 has appointed Shri B. A. Prabhakar, former CMD of Andhra Bank as an Additional Director of the Bank u/s 161 of the Companies Act, 2013.Source : BSE

Everlon Synthetics: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 08, 2014, 02.06 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Everlon Synthetics: Updates on outcome of AGM
Everlon Synthetics has submitted a copy of the proceedings of 25th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 21, 2014 along with Chairman's speech.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Everlon Synthetics: Updates on outcome of AGM
Everlon Synthetics has submitted a copy of the proceedings of 25th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 21, 2014 along with Chairman's speech.
Post your opinion here
 
Everlon Synthetics Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the proceedings of 25th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 21, 2014 along with Chairman's speech.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Supreme Court asks CBI chief Ranjit Sinha to reply on visitors  logbook at his residenceSupreme Court asks CBI chief Ranjit Sinha to reply on visitors  logbook at his residence
Power transmission should be a priority in MumbaiPower transmission should be a priority in Mumbai
IRB Infrastructure surges on getting letter of award for MSRDC s projectIRB Infrastructure surges on getting letter of award for MSRDC s project
ONGC gains after Bank of America upgradeONGC gains after Bank of America upgrade
BJP Exposed AAP Releases Sting Footage on  Poaching  in Delhi Govt Race [VIDEO]BJP Exposed AAP Releases Sting Footage on  Poaching  in Delhi Govt Race [VIDEO]
Gold and silver futures rise on global cuesGold and silver futures rise on global cues
Nifty Hits Record High Above 8 150Nifty Hits Record High Above 8 150
Arun Thiagarajan resigns from ING Vysya BankArun Thiagarajan resigns from ING Vysya Bank
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 8:  
Arun Thiagarajan has relinquished his office as part-time Chairman and as a Director of ING Vysya Bank, effective September 6, 2014.
In a notice to the BSE, the Bangalore-headquartered private sector bank said it is taking necessary steps to appoint a successor in due course.
Thiagarajan had joined the bank, which has 547 branches and about 10,000 employees, in 2010.
The main stakeholders in ING Vysya Bank are: Dutch financial institution, ING Group (42.86 per cent stake); foreign institutional investors (28.16 per cent); and domestic institutional investors (15 per cent).
The bank had reported 18 per cent decline in net profit at Rs 143.4 crore in the first quarter ended June 30, 2014 as against Rs 175.1 crore in the year ago period.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Audio

Stock market regulation: India plunges 35 places to 62nd in WEF global rankingAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

An astute move but not the Big OneSeptember 5, 2014 8:16 am
An astute move but not the Big One
By Wolfgang Münchau
ECB’s plan to buy private-sector assets is not nearly enough to lift it out of its misery, writes Wolfgang Münchau
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/63384466-344f-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Detroit needs to shed debt to afford improvements: witness0
Hold-out creditors remain, including Syncora Guarantee Inc and Financial Guaranty Insurance Co, which backed payments on $1.4 billion of pension debt and are facing recoveries of just 10 cents on the dollar or nothing if the city succeeds in voiding the debt all together. Both bond insurers have argued the plan short changes them while allowing fatter recoveries for others, including the city's retired workers.
The city would spend the $1.7 billion to eradicate blighted buildings, improve public safety services, update information technology and address other neglected areas.
Moore said the initiatives are expected to boost city revenue by $483 million and cut costs by $358 million through mid-2023. That would leave about $877 million to be covered by debt reductions and other funding sources in the city's plan.
While the confirmation hearing on the plan is scheduled to last through Oct. 17, its first four days were consumed by opening statements from plan supporters and opponents, leaving time for testimony from only two witnesses: Moore and Detroit Chief Financial Officer John Hill. Moore is due back on the stand on Monday for continued cross examination.
Detroit had submitted a list of 26 witnesses, including Kevyn Orr, Detroit's state-appointed emergency manager, and the city's mayor, Mike Duggan. One of the city's lawyers has said Detroit may not finish laying out its case until the first week in October.
Judge Steven Rhodes, who is overseeing the case, has allocated each side 85 hours to present their cases.
On Friday, a sealed order was filed in the case, meaning its contents were not publicly disclosed. Previous sealed orders dealt with mediation matters and the judge's bus tour of Detroit.
Hill wrapped up his testimony earlier on Friday with questions from the judge. Hill said that while the plan will not be easy to implement, Detroit has to maintain a "crisis mentality" to ensure it continues to move forward.
An oversight commission that would be created for Detroit once it leaves bankruptcy should include business professionals who will not hesitate to act, he added.
"I believe that pressure will help keep things on track."
(Additional reporting by Lisa Lambert in Washington; editing by Matthew Lewis)

Rupee to stagnate on dollar rally: PollRupee to stagnate on dollar rally; yuan to rise slowly: Poll
Sumanta Dey        Last Updated: September 6, 2014  | 12:11 IST
The rupee will likely stagnate over the next year as a US dollar rally gathers steam and the Indian economy at best chugs along, while the Chinese yuan will probably appreciate a little, a Reuters poll found.
The poll of more than 30 currency strategists, conducted this week, predicted one US dollar will fetch  Rs 60.50 in a month,  Rs 60.30 in six months and Rs  60.82 in a year. The dollar was trading around 60.43 on Friday.
Those predictions are a little more bearish than those in the August survey and come despite the rupee rising over 2 per cent and the stock market rallying 28 per cent since the start of this year.
"India enjoyed a steady stream of bond inflows in August, almost bursting the foreign investment limit of $25 billion," said Sook Mei Leong, ASEAN head of market research at BTMU in Singapore.
The European Central Bank on Thursday launched a stimulus programme to buy asset-backed securities and covered bonds in the latest attempt to revive the flagging euro zone economy and boost inflation.
Past experience shows that much of this money may eventually flow into emerging markets that offer a better return than the sub one percent yield of benchmark German bunds.
But with rising treasury yields in the US, inflows into Indian markets could be smaller this time around as investors flock to America's bond markets.
"Looking ahead towards year-end, portfolio inflows may taper especially with US monetary accommodation ending soon, though it is unlikely to be as negative as that seen last year," Leong added.
From a year earlier, the Indian economy grew 5.7 per cent in the quarter ended June, a 2-1/2 year high, breaking above a dominant sub-five percent trend seen in the past two years.
Still, unmet lofty expectations of reforms from the new government have tempered the jubilant optimism that followed Prime Minister Narendra Modi's election victory in May.
While economists are still hopeful the economy is gaining momentum, they agree it would take longer than earlier expected to return to near double-digit growth rate.
Also tempering the rupee's prospects is the U.S. dollar, as a long-anticipated rally is finally taking hold.
The dollar, as measured against a basket of currencies, has gained almost 5 percent since the start of the year on expectations the Federal Reserve will end its stimulus next month. Economists polled by Reuters expect the first rate hike in Q2 2015.
YUAN TO STRENGTHEN
China's yuan is expected to slowly strengthen over the next 12 months after a sharp slide early this year, as markets expect the country's central bank to be comfortable with a stronger currency as the economy recovers.
According to the Reuters poll, the currency is expected to change hands at 6.15 yuan a U.S. dollar in one month, then 6.12 yuan in six months and 6.06 yuan in a year.
On Friday, the People's Bank of China set the midpoint rate at 6.1707 per dollar, down 0.07 percent from the previous fix, reflecting the sharp rise of the U.S. index on Thursday.
The spot rate was around 6.14 to the dollar on Friday. The yuan is allowed to trade 2 per cent above or below the daily midpoint.
Recent data from China has sent conflicting signs about the health of the economy.
The economy grew at a faster pace in the April-June quarter, while purchasing manager surveys showed factory activity pulled back sharply in August.
"In many ways, the Chinese currency appears to be trading in its own little world, separated from economics even though many questions linger," said Leong of BTMU. "Perhaps the main worry is over the property sector."
Trade data for August, due on Monday, should throw some light on the health of exports although economists expect a slight moderation in the trade surplus to $40 billion, down from July's $47.3 billion.
The rupee will likely stagnate over the next year as a U.S. dollar rally gathers steam and the Indian economy at best chugs along, while the Chinese yuan will probably appreciate a little, a Reuters poll found.
The poll of more than 30 currency strategists, conducted this week, predicted one US dollar will fetch Rs 60.50 in a month, Rs 60.30 rupees in six months and Rs 60.82 in a year. The dollar was trading around 60.43 on Friday.
Those predictions are a little more bearish than those in the August survey and come despite the rupee rising over 2 percent and the stock market rallying 28 percent since the start of this year.
"India enjoyed a steady stream of bond inflows in August, almost bursting the foreign investment limit of $25 billion," said Sook Mei Leong, ASEAN head of market research at BTMU in Singapore.
The European Central Bank on Thursday launched a stimulus programme to buy asset-backed securities and covered bonds in the latest attempt to revive the flagging euro zone economy and boost inflation.
Past experience shows that much of this money may eventually flow into emerging markets that offer a better return than the sub one percent yield of benchmark German bunds.
But with rising treasury yields in the US, inflows into Indian markets could be smaller this time around as investors flock to America's bond markets.
"Looking ahead towards year-end, portfolio inflows may taper especially with US monetary accommodation ending soon, though it is unlikely to be as negative as that seen last year," Leong added.
From a year earlier, the Indian economy grew 5.7 per cent in the quarter ended June, a 2-1/2 year high, breaking above a dominant sub-five percent trend seen in the past two years.
Still, unmet lofty expectations of reforms from the new government have tempered the jubilant optimism that followed Prime Minister Narendra Modi's election victory in May.
While economists are still hopeful the economy is gaining momentum, they agree it would take longer than earlier expected to return to near double-digit growth rate.
Also tempering the rupee's prospects is the U.S. dollar, as a long-anticipated rally is finally taking hold.
The dollar, as measured against a basket of currencies, has gained almost 5 percent since the start of the year on expectations the Federal Reserve will end its stimulus next month. Economists polled by Reuters expect the first rate hike in Q2 2015.
YUAN TO STRENGTHEN
China's yuan is expected to slowly strengthen over the next 12 months after a sharp slide early this year, as markets expect the country's central bank to be comfortable with a stronger currency as the economy recovers.
According to the Reuters poll, the currency is expected to change hands at 6.15 yuan a U.S. dollar in one month, then 6.12 yuan in six months and 6.06 yuan in a year.
On Friday, the People's Bank of China set the midpoint rate at 6.1707 per dollar, down 0.07 percent from the previous fix, reflecting the sharp rise of the U.S. index on Thursday.
The spot rate was around 6.14 to the dollar on Friday. The yuan is allowed to trade 2 percent above or below the daily midpoint.
Recent data from China has sent conflicting signs about the health of the economy.
The economy grew at a faster pace in the April-June quarter, while purchasing manager surveys showed factory activity pulled back sharply in August.
"In many ways, the Chinese currency appears to be trading in its own little world, separated from economics even though many questions linger," said Leong of BTMU. "Perhaps the main worry is over the property sector."
Trade data for August, due on Monday, should throw some light on the health of exports although economists expect a slight moderation in the trade surplus to $40 billion, down from July's $47.3 billion.
(Additional reporting by Shaloo Shrivastava)
 

Government of India Can Print Rs 1 Note: Law MinistryDollar Sweeps to 14-month High, Kicks Oil Below $100
New Delhi:
Putting to rest the debate on printing of one rupee notes, the Law Ministry has opined that the Government of India has all the powers to print currency notes of this denomination.
While the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has the authority to issue bank notes of denominational values of Rs 2, Rs 5, Rs 10, Rs 20, Rs 50, Rs 100, Rs 500, Rs 1,000, Rs 5,000 and Rs 10,000, the one rupee note was printed and issued by the central government.
The Government of India also has the sole right to mint coins of all denominations.
However, since the RBI was of the view that with the repeal of Section 2 of the Currency Ordinance, the Government of India is not empowered to issue note of denominational value of one rupee, the law ministry opinion was taken.
The Law Ministry in its opinion stated that the Coinage Act of 2011, which consolidates the laws relating to coinage and the mints, does not bar the Government of India from printing one rupee notes.
Section 4 of the Act provides that the central government may authorise minting of coin of denomination not higher than Rs 1,000, it said, adding that the definition of coin in the Act makes it clear that Government of India one rupee note is included in the definition of coin.
The Act defines a coin as "made of any metal or any other material stamped by the Government or any other authority empowered by the Government in this behalf and which is a legal tender including commemorative coin and Government of India one rupee note," the ministry said in its opinion.
"Further, apart from the metal, the coin may be made of any other material," it said.
The ministry said while repealing the Currency Ordinance, 1940, "necessary provisions for inclusion of Government of India one rupee note within the meaning of 'Coin' have been consciously incorporated in the Coinage Act, 2011. Further, the RBI, as per Section 24(1) of the RBI Act, 1934, is not empowered to issue bank note of denomination of value of one rupee."
"Central government is not precluded to issue one rupee Government of India note under the Coinage Act, 2011. The dimension, design, material and standard weight of such One Rupee Note have to be prescribed by the Central Government in terms of Section 4 and 5 of the Coinage Act, 2011," the opinion said.
The printing of notes in the denominations of Re 1 and Rs 2 has been discontinued as these denominations have been coinised. However, such notes issued earlier are still in circulation
Story first published on: September 07, 2014 13:17 (IST)

Satyam Scam: Raju Others Move SAT Against Disgorgement OrderBanks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
Mumbai:
Facing a Sebi order to cough up Rs 1,849 crore plus interest for making "unlawful gains" in Satyam scam, the erstwhile IT major's founder-chairman B Ramalinga Raju and four others have approached the Securities Appellate Tribunal against the market regulator.
The Tribunal has listed all the five pleas, filed separately, for hearing tomorrow to consider their "admission".
Closing five-and-a-half year long probe into the country's biggest corporate fraud, Sebi on July 15 barred erstwhile Satyam Computer's then chairman B Ramalinga Raju and four others from markets for 14 years and asked them to return Rs 1,849 crore worth of unlawful gains with 12 per cent interest resulting into total disgorgement amount of over Rs 3,000 crore.
Others facing the prohibitory orders include Raju's brother B Rama Raju (then managing director of Satyam), Vadlamani Srinivas (ex-CFO), G Ramakrishna (ex-vice president) and V S Prabhakara Gupta (ex-head of internal audit).
A Sebi order can be challenged before the SAT within 45 days of the directions being passed.
While the two Raju brothers filed their present appeals against Sebi order on Friday, Srinivas, Ramakrishna and Gupta moved their respective pleas a few days earlier.
As per Sebi's order, the money was asked to be deposited with the regulator within 45 days, while interest would be levied at 12 per cent per annum with effect from January 7, 2009, the day this mega-scam came to light through a letter written by Raju himself.
The disgorgement amount can exceed Rs 3,000 crore after taking into account the applicable interest payments.
In its 65-page order, Sebi said these five persons "have committed a sophisticated white collar financial fraud with pre-meditated and well thought of plan and deliberate design for personal gains and to the detriment of the company and investors in its securities".
The regulator, which had exercised the powers given to it through promulgation of an ordinance for passing disgorgement orders, further said that the "financial frauds as found in this case are inimical to the interests of the investors in securities and endanger the market integrity".
Later last month, a new law was notified to replace this Ordinance with Securities Laws Amendment Act, which has amended three key securities market Acts to grant greater powers to Sebi to take on fraudsters and other market manipulators.
Sebi's whole-time member Rajeev Kumar Agarwal said in his Satyam order: "I am convinced that this is a case where befitting enforcement action is necessary to send a stern message to the market to create an effective deterrence."
Story first published on: September 07, 2014 18:28 (IST)

EU mkt hopefuls face harder sell on IPO flood cautionSep 07, 2014, 01.03 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
EU mkt hopefuls face harder sell on IPO flood caution
Enthusiasm for initial public offerings (IPOs) has quadrupled the amount raised in Europe in the first nine months of this year compared to last to a total of $55.5 billion.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
EU mkt hopefuls face harder sell on IPO flood caution
Enthusiasm for initial public offerings (IPOs) has quadrupled the amount raised in Europe in the first nine months of this year compared to last to a total of $55.5 billion.
Post your opinion here
 
European stock market listings are kicking off again after a summer break, but many companies hoping to copy successful flotations earlier in the year now have to convince investors weary from a flood of new names and burned by high prices.
Enthusiasm for initial public offerings (IPOs) has quadrupled the amount raised in Europe in the first nine months of this year compared to last to a total of $55.5 billion.
But the sheer number of deals is starting to put fund managers off and prompt fears from bankers that some of their IPO clients will get lost in the noise, with investors simply not able to schedule time to listen to them all.
Alastair Gunn at Jupiter fund management is already suffering from the deluge.
"I'm starting to get a regular stream of stuff coming through the mail," Gunn, co-manager of Jupiter's distribution and high income funds, told Reuters.
"When we invest in anything we want to do the legwork, meet the management, understand the business model. But the kind of sausage factory environment we've been in is not very conducive to doing your homework."
Craig Coben, co-head of Global Equity Capital Markets (ECM) at BoA Merrill Lynch sees the problem too.
"With so many IPOs in the pipeline, there is a risk of market indigestion, with the weaker companies and more marginal names finding a less receptive hearing," said Coben.
"One of the practical challenges will be to carve out the time in investors' diaries and ensure they can devote the necessary time to analyse and model all of these IPOs."
 
 
TOP DOLLAR
In particular, companies set up with private equity are keen to capitalise on current strong valuations to return money to their founders.
Private equity-backed IPOs have accounted for one-fifth of the total so far this year, the highest proportion since at least 1994, according to Thomson Reuters data, with Carlyle's UK car services firm RAC, BC Partners' Italian retail chain Gruppo Coin and Lone Star's German property business TLG among those being lined up to float in the coming months.
But their emphasis on securing high prices at listing is starting to put off the new investors they need to woo.
Some investors complain that advisers' strategy of targeting short-term U.S. hedge funds prepared to pay top dollar has in particular forced up the valuation of companies - especially those with a smaller international presence which underperform in the markets once shorter-term funds have moved on.
UK retailer Poundland and Swedish cable operator Com Hem are just some that are now trading below their issue price, making fund managers worry about getting burned by similar patterns in future deals.
"When so many deals start going to discount it's a signal to the investment bankers that they got it wrong. And I do think they have got it wrong," said Gunn.
In an August email to bankers, investment firm BlackRock complained to bankers about newly-floated companies missing their first public results forecasts and the stock plummeting subsequently. The email named firms including online travel agency eDreams and Spanish testing business Applus.
"The street should have been more prudent in its forecasts. Some investors have been saying, 'I wish you guys had priced these things a bit better for us,'" said one equity capital markets banker who declined to be named because of the sensitivity around pricing.
 
SQUEEZED RETURNS
Paradoxically the same calm market conditions that are encouraging so many IPOs are also making them difficult to support as fund managers struggle to make returns.
Low volatility may boost listing prices, but it also makes it hard for fund managers to justify buying into new companies when it's hard enough to make gains on tried-and-tested ones.
Even short-term investors have struggled. Hedge funds betting on rises and falls in the equity capital markets have made returns of just 0.8 percent in 2014 so far, according to the Eurekahedge Europe Long Short Equities Index, against a rise of 6.4 percent in the FTSEurofirst 300 Index.
With this in mind, advisers predict that investors will become more selective as they try to improve their returns in what's left of the year - and that they will be looking for more competitive pricing from stock market-bound companies.
"A lot of the hedge funds have been working their butts off and they're sitting there with gains of less than two percent," the banker said.
"I think investors are going to be very demanding, because they need to be."
 
(Additional reporting by Nishant Kumar; Graphics by Vincent Flasseur; Editing by Sophie Walker)
RELATED NEWS

Chart: The trillion dollars the global economy loses every year to corruptionBorders
September 7, 2014
The world’s G-20 finance ministers are due to meet in Australia later this month at a time when Europe risks being drawn into another recession and when growth in China is slumping. It’s safe to say that tackling corruption, which isn’t an issue that will likely bring cooperation among all parties, will not be atop the summit’s agenda. However, a  report released last week by the international advocacy organization, the ONE Campaign, hopes to force the issue with policymakers.
According to ONE, the global economy loses at least $1.18 trillion every year to corruption, representing roughly 0.6% of global GDP. ONE arrived at these numbers through three approaches: tracking illicit financial flows (such as drug trafficking, human trafficking, illegal arms and contraband); looking at estimates from the UN Office on Drugs and Crime; and an aggregation of a range of these methodologies (money laundering, bribery, tax evasion and trade mispricing).

Moodys to visit India for review of sovereign ratingAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Infosys may not opt for buyback; may use cash for M&ALike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Infosys may not opt for buyback; may use cash for M&A
Infosys management is not in favour of a buyback. CNBC-TV18 learns from sources that the IT major may treat its massive cash reserves as an asset and may look for M&A opportunities in new areas.
Post your opinion here
07:00 am
Infosys  management is not in favour of a buyback. CNBC-TV18 learns from sources that the IT major may treat its massive cash reserves as an asset and may look for M&A opportunities in new areas.
Former Infosys executives V Balakrishnan, TV Mohandas Pai and DN Prahlad had sought Rs 11,200 crore (USD 1.83 billion) in the form of a buyback for all shareholders, concerned over the pace of change at India’s second-biggest software services company.
However, sources say the Infosys management thinks that a buyback will send out very wrong signal. The management believes that it is better to actually use this cash on books as an asset for M&A. It may announce a dividend at a later date but at this point in time it is actively looking at M&A opportunities in newer areas. Some of the areas that it has identified is AI or Artificial Intelligence.
The board, who will take a final call on the buyback, even seems to be against it at this point in time.
There has also been a lot of talk—and a lot of rumours—on how Vishal Sikka is going to come in and restructure operations etc. According to sources, stability and stabilising operations will be the top priority for Sikka. He may not look at any significant restructuring of operations. He wants business to continue. He is working closely with Pravin Rao and has been pretty hands on even as far as operations are concerned.
In terms of client wins or in terms of the order environment, there is a confidence within the Infosys management. Infosys had inked a deal with BP and it believes that it is a very significant deal and that they are pursuing other such large global deals and they are hopeful of being able to convert those into wins.
Sikka has been driving customer and client engagement personally to try and understand what the pinpoints are and what the company can do to improve the situation.
One of the corner stones, in terms of strategy Sikka is looking at is the continued focus on the education programme that Infosys runs. It is a mega-mammoth programme and Sikka only wants to strengthen that further. He believes that this is the core of Infosys. So over the next 100 days, 25,000 Infosians will be trained on design-thinking, which Sikka seems to believe is going to be the next frontier as far as the consulting business is concerned.
RELATED NEWS

Govt to tighten surveillance at major coal minesGovernment to tighten surveillance at major coal mines to prevent theft
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 09:46 IST
Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal
The government plans to tighten surveillance at all major coal mines to control coal theft, as the country is reeling under dry fuel shortages .
"The government has proposed to establish a national coal dispatch monitoring centre...Moreover, real time surveillance at all major sensitive zones is being planned and reject-based power plant will be set up next to mines, Coal and Power Minister Piyush Goyal said on Monday.
A proposal for a multi-disciplinary security force is also under consideration, he said.
"The home minister has assured that the government will help us in creating (a) special multi-disciplinary task force," the minister said.
Stating that controlling the pilferage was his priority the minister said the government is "setting up surveillance system, cctvs (at some of the major mines)... And all of this is going to be linked with central monitoring stations at three levels - at the coal company level, at Coal India headquarter level at Kolkata and at Delhi."
The government said that in this way there would be three-pronged monitoring of the major coal mines which would ensure coal theft could be reduced.
The previous government had also said that it has taken several measure to prevent pilferage of coal from the coal mines like establishing check Posts at the vulnerable points, deployment of armed guards round-the-clock around the coal dumping yards and conducting regular patrolling in and around the mine.
It had also introduced steps like global positioning system to track the coal transportation from mine to unloading place.

Narendra Modi rewrites rules of protocolAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Asia stocks tentative  sterling takes a deep hitYou are here: Home > Collections
Asian markets tentative, sterling plunges
Reuters Sep 8, 2014, 07.14AM IST
(Asian shares got off to a…)
TOKYO: Asian shares got off to a cautious start on Monday, while a plunge in sterling after a poll showed rising support for Scottish independence helped bolster the dollar.
Sterling plummeted 0.8 per cent to $1.6207 after sliding as low as $1.6165 in early trade, the lowest since last November and the biggest daily drop in eight months, after a poll showed the "yes" to Scottish independence campaign on 51 per cent against 49 per cent for the "no" camp.
Data on Friday showed US nonfarm payrolls grew by only 142,000 last month, far below the 225,000 forecast by analysts in a Reuters poll.
The downbeat jobs report suggested the Federal Reserve will hold off on hiking interest rates anytime soon, and helped the S&P 500 hit a fresh closing high.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was flat in early trade, while Japan's Nikkei stock average added 0.2 per cent.
Data released before Tokyo opened showed Japan's economy shrank an annualised 7.1 per cent in April-June from the previous quarter, revised down from a preliminary 6.8 per cent contraction due to weaker-than-expected capital spending.
The dollar edged up to 105.18 yen, though it remained shy of a nearly six-year high of 105.71 touched on Friday.
The euro steadied at $1.2953, holding above a 14-month low of $1.2920 hit last week in the wake of the European Central Bank's easing steps on Thursday.
Net short positions in the euro ballooned in the latest week ended Sept. 2, rising to their largest in more than two years, according to data from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission released on Friday.
"The less extreme positioning in sterling and the looming Scottish referendum may mean that sterling lags behind the euro during the days ahead," Marc Chandler, global head of currency strategy at Brown Brothers Harriman in New York, said in a note to clients.
Later in the Asian session, investors await Chinese trade data for August, and will be scanning the report for any signs of weakness after a spate of recent data raised concerns about the impact of a cooling property sector.
On the commodities front, spot gold edged lower to$1,266.79 an ounce but remained well above a three-month low of $1,256.90 hit on Friday before the US jobs data.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Preview: Showtime for Apple Inc with iPhone 6  iWatch launches tomorrowAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Liberia s Ebola disposal teams preserve life after deathLiberia's Ebola disposal teams preserve life after death
AFP
print
Heavily pregnant when she died, Fatimah Jakemah is lifted unceremoniously by experts in biohazard suits and zipped into a body bag, another practically anonymous victim of the world's worst ever Ebola outbreak.
There isn't time to ask about her life story or reflect on the family she may have left behind as the Red Cross team disinfects everything she might have touched and moves onto the next house.
"She was 20 years old and this was her first time getting pregnant," says Gaimu Paul, one of Fatimah's neighbours in Banjor, a slum on the outskirts of Liberia's capital, Monrovia.
"When she got sick, the neighbours fled the area and no one knows where they have gone."
Paul says Fatimah spent days shouting for help before her cries eventually went silent.
"She wanted drink, food, but we were afraid to go closer. Whenever you go close to an Ebola patient to help, the community rejects you."
In the centre of the west African Ebola outbreak, there is no dignity in death, no farewell, no funeral -- just body bags, biohazard suits and millions of gallons of disinfectant.
The tropical virus, transmitted through contact with infected bodily fluids, has killed 2,100 people in four countries since the start of the year -- more than half of them in Liberia.
Amid fears that the country's already weak healthcare system could be close to collapse, teams of Red Cross workers have taken on the grim task of going door-to-door, picking up victims and sterilising their homes.
'Make sure they're dead'
The Red Cross medical team has come to Banjor to collect two bodies, but it is soon apparent that there are more.
Community chief John Yarngroble shows team leader Kiyea Friday to the next tin and wood hut after they have bagged up Fatimah.
Fatoma Amadu, who is sick but not yet dead, is sprawled across the doorway in the entrance porch, his breathing laboured.
Two nurses in biohazard suits step over him to get into the house, where they are expecting to find an old woman's body.
But they come out after a few minutes and tell their boss that she too is still alive.
"We are here only to pick up bodies. Before you call us make sure the person is dead. Those who are responsible for the sick people are different," Friday chides Yarngroble.
Yarngroble is trying to be polite and professional but tears run down his cheeks as he responds.
"OK, sir. When they die we will call you again. Thank you for coming."
Friday picks up his mobile phone and talks calmly but urgently.
"I have two persons here in critical conditions. Can you send an ambulance for them? I also want more body bags. So many deaths here. I need at least six more body bags. I am feeling bad sir -- the death rate is too high," he says into the handset.
Victims of Ebola are at their most infectious when they have just died, and traditional funerals involving the washing of bodies have been blamed for the large geographical spread of the contagion.
The work of the Red Cross is called "dead body management", a euphemism which underplays their vital role in containing the outbreak.
50 bodies a day
Friday tells his team to get back into their ambulances and they drive to a house where a father and son have died.
"Some time ago he lost one of his children, who was sick in Brewerville," says Mohamed Barbar, a family friend.
"Because they are Muslims, he went there and they washed the body. Since they came back, they have been falling sick. Five people have died."
Barbar calls over a 20-year-old man and an eight-year-old boy who are identified as sons of the dead man.
"These are the people who have been in contact with them when they were sick," he tells Friday, who instructs them to get tested in a treatment centre.
"We are telling you this so that other people will not die. You have been near your father and your brother, taking care of them when they were sick. You just have to be tested," he says.
He shakes his head reproachfully when they are not listening, confiding under his breath that "they too look very sick, they need treatment".
It takes the team five minutes to bring out the victims, and the surviving brothers break down as they see the sealed body bags.
"Sometimes we pick up more than 15 bodies a day, and we are not the only team. I would say that the total the Red Cross picks up daily is of 30 to 50 bodies," says Friday.
"People are dying and we don't know when and how it will end.

Nithari case: SC stays execution of convict Surinder Koli for one weekAt 1.40am, Supreme Court stays Surinder Koli’s hanging
Bhadra Sinha , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 08, 2014
First Published: 08:48 IST(8/9/2014) | Last Updated: 00:44 IST(9/9/2014)
Comments
The Supreme Court on Monday stayed the execution of Nithari serial killer Surinder Koli, who had confessed to killing and eating the flesh of several children at a house in Noida’s Nithari village, after he moved an urgent plea for his review petition to be heard in open court.
Koli’s plea is based on a recent Supreme Court verdict ending a 60-year-old practice of hearing review petitions in the privacy of judges’ chambers, where advocates are not allowed to present their arguments.
A three-judge bench held a hearing at 1.40am on Monday and stayed his execution for a week.
“Considering the urgency of the matter, we stay the execution of the death sentence of applicant/ petitioner for a period of one week from today,” the bench ordered.
The order was immediately communicated to authorities at Meerut jail, where he was imprisoned.
Koli and his employer Moninder Singh Pandher, a Noida businessman, were arrested in 2006 for the gruesome killing of several children and dumping their remains in the backyard of Pandher’s house at Nithari village in Noida.
Police recovered 17 skeletal remains of children from the house that was dubbed by the media as the “house of horrors”.
A lower court sentenced Koli to death in 2005 for the murder of 14-year-old Rimpa Halder, one of the victims, a decision that was upheld by the Allahabad High Court and the Supreme Court.
The high court, however, acquitted Pandher in the same case. On July 24, the SC turned down Koli’s review petition and the President too rejected his mercy petition.
He was to be hanged on Monday. Asian Centre for Human Rights director and coordinator of the National Campaign for the Abolition of Death Penalty in India Suhas Chakma welcomed the order, saying it would help in further investigation of the murders.
“The family members of victims in 11 other pending cases against Koli will be deprived of justice if he is to be executed before conclusion of these trials.
Further, Koli is the only witness in six cases pending against Moninder Singh Pandher for the  killings. The only witness obviously cannot be executed before the end of the trials... otherwise, the court will be inadvertently favouring Pandher,” said Chakma.
Later in the day, in an apparent reference to the order passed after midnight, Chief Justice of India R M Lodha lauded the steps taken by the apex court in urgent matters.
“If the court can sit at even 2am, it means the system in working better,” he observed.

Sensex  Nifty continue to rally; MM  Tata Power dragSep 08, 2014, 12.11 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty continue to rally; M&M, Tata Power drag
ONGC, Hindalco, HUL, Bajaj Auto and Sun Pharma are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Maruti, Tata Power, M&M and Tata Motors.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty continue to rally; M&M, Tata Power drag
ONGC, Hindalco, HUL, Bajaj Auto and Sun Pharma are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Maruti, Tata Power, M&M and Tata Motors.
Post your opinion here
11:11
Moneycontrol Bureau
11:45 am Buzzing:  Investors continued to buy shares of Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation (DFPCL) after its subsidiary formed joint venture for mining services in Australia. The stock gained as much as 4 percent intraday.
"Smartchem Technologies (STL), a subsidiary of DFPCL, as a part of its forward integration initiative, announced the launch of its overseas venture for Mining Services in Brisbane, Australia," said India’s leading manufacturer of mining chemicals.
STL has set up Platinum Blasting Services Pty Ltd (Platinum), a joint venture with local Australian partners, who have vast experience in providing value added blasting services and operation expertise to the mining and explosives industries in Australia.
According to the press statement, STL will hold 65 percent while the local partners will hold 35 percent in the joint venture.
11:30 am Market outlook: The stellar run of Indian indices is likely to continue, believes Gautam Shah, associate director and technical analyst, JM Financial. In an interview to CNBC-TV18 he says this bull market is here to stay and we are still in the first leg. For September, 7850 seems to be the new base for the Nifty, but it could hit 10,700 by December 2015, he adds. He expects Nifty to find minor resistance at 8,250.
Going ahead, Nifty’s upmove will be led by Bank Nifty, which may hit 18,700-19,000 levels in the near-term. He sees 15,300-15,500 as support levels for the banking index. Shah recommends retail investors to bet on midcap stocks via mutual funds because the space is moving with good momentum. On specific stocks, he is positive on oil and gas major ONGC.
Don't miss: ONGC, OIL surge 3-4%; BoA ML upgrades on oil reforms hopes
Uptrend in the market continues with strong support from infra, oil & gas, metals and IT stocks. The Sensex is up 206.64 points or 0.76 percent at 27233.34 and the Nifty is up 55.95 points or 0.69 percent at 8142.80. About 1758 shares have advanced, 696 shares declined, and 79 shares are unchanged. 
ONGC, Hindalco, HUL, Bajaj Auto and Sun Pharma are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Maruti, Tata Power, M&M and Tata Motors.
Goldman Sachs has raised Nifty's target to 9,000 points for September 2015. Its previous target was 8,600 points for June 2015. Goldman says earnings sentiment remains positive for the overall market.
The Reserve Bank of India was seen buying dollars via state-run banks to prevent further appreciation in the rupee. State-run banks started buying dollars aggressively likely on behalf of the central bank when the rupee hit around 60.20 levels, the strongest since July 30, traders said. The rupee strengthened after U.S. monthly jobs data on Friday was weaker than expected.
 

British Shares Under Pressure from Scottish VoteYou are here: Home Market
British Shares Under Pressure from Scottish Vote
Reuters | Updated On: September 08, 2014 12:07 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Fall Sharply As Fed Jitters Hit Global Markets Again
Tokyo:
Sterling declined on Monday and British shares look set to underperform their peers in Europe after a poll found rising support for Scottish independence.
European shares are expected to enjoy a firm tone on the whole, following gains on Wall Street, with German shares seen rising up to 0.4 per cent and French shares as much as 0.2 per cent.
Britain's shares are seen less fortunate, however, with spreadbetters seeing a flat to weaker opening after a poll showed the "yes" to Scottish independence campaign on 51 per cent against 49 per cent for the "no" camp ahead of the Sept 18 referendum.
Sterling also shed 0.8 per cent to $1.6208 after sliding as low as $1.6165 in early trade, the lowest since last November and the biggest daily drop in eight months.
Apart from that, share prices are generally supported after traders interpreted downbeat US jobs report as suggesting the Federal Reserve will hold off on hiking interest rates anytime soon.
The S&P 500 hit a fresh closing high on Friday after data on Friday showed US nonfarm payrolls grew by only 142,000 last month, far below the 225,000 forecast by analysts in a Reuters poll.
The Nikkei stock average climbed about 0.2 per cent, shrugging off data that showed Japanese economy fell into a deeper hole in the second quarter.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.1 per cent, not helped by Chinese trade data, which showed unexpected fall in imports, raising concerns about tepid domestic demand in the world's second largest economy.
Indonesia's Jakarta Composite Index, meanwhile, hit a record high in early trading, besting the previous record set in May 2013.
In contrast to sterling's sharp moves, other major currencies were treading water. The dollar was steady on the day at 105.13 yen, remaining shy of its near six-year high of 105.71 touched on Friday.
The euro also steadied at $1.2936, holding just above a 14-month low of $1.2920 hit last week in the wake of the European Central Bank's easing steps on Thursday.
Net short positions in the euro ballooned in the week ended September 2, rising to their largest in more than two years, according to Commodity Futures Trading Commission data released on Friday.
"The less extreme positioning in sterling and the looming Scottish referendum may mean that sterling lags behind the euro during the days ahead," Marc Chandler, global head of currency strategy at Brown Brothers Harriman in New York, said in a note to clients.
On the commodities front, spot gold was flat at $1,268.61 an ounce, well above a three-month low of $1,256.90 hit on Friday before the US jobs data.
Brent crude edged up 0.1 per cent to $100.96 a barrel, after having posted its third weekly drop in four weeks.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Phase I of Del-Mum Industrial Corridor to be done 2019: CMDSep 08, 2014, 05.53 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Phase I of Del-Mum Industrial Corridor to be done 2019: CMD
Kumar said DMICDC has decided to go ahead with five cities in all, the other three being in Greater Noida, Madhya Pradesh and Haryana.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Phase I of Del-Mum Industrial Corridor to be done 2019: CMD
Kumar said DMICDC has decided to go ahead with five cities in all, the other three being in Greater Noida, Madhya Pradesh and Haryana.
Post your opinion here
 
Talleen Kumar, CEO & MD, Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor Development Corporation expects phase I of India’s largest infrastructure project to be completed by 2019. This phase will involve construction of Dholera Special Investment Region in Gujarat and Shendra-Bidkin Industrial Park in Mahashtra. These two are part of the 8 smart industrial cities that have been planned along the length of the corridor.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy, Kumar said environment clearances for Dholera were in place, and that bidding process for both Dholera and Shendra would be rolled out in December this year.
Kumar said DMICDC has decided to go ahead with five cities in all, the other three being in Greater Noida, Madhya Pradesh and Haryana.
"In all these five cities, we have land available with us. The state government has been very proactive in making land available to us and that is the reason why we are able to move ahead in these five cities," he said.
Kumar admitted that land acquisition would turn out to be a major challenge for state governments as the project progressed.
"The land acquisition has been a challenging task for state government especially since the acquisition of the new Land Acquisition Act. We have to solve this problem if industrial cities have to come up," Kumar said.
Below is the transcript of the interview on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: India Inc and the investor community is very much wanting to know what is happening on the Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC) front, the mega project for the country in terms of kicking up investment. First give us an update, the DMIC is tying in very nicely with the new government’s vision to build 100 small cities rather than mega cities. So, what is the progress in giving out of tenders?
The Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor, in this full corridor, we are proceeding ahead with five industrial smart cities. Two of them are part of the eight industrial cities that are planned along the DMIC. These are the big cities ranging from 84 square kilometres to 920 square kilometres. In two of these we are going ahead.
The two of these are Dholera Special Investment Region in Gujarat and the second is the Shendra-Bidkin Industrial Park in Maharashtra. The other three are smaller cities but they are also smart cities and they are part of the early bird projects taken in the DMIC area.
The other three are the integrated industrial township in Greater Noida and then we have the integrated industrial township in Vikram Udyogpuri near Ujjain in Madhya Pradesh. Then we have the Global City in Gurgaon in Haryana. We are moving ahead with all these five industrial smart cities.
 
Sonia: Have you completed the process of land acquisition for most of these cities?
In all these five cities, we have land available with us. The state government has been very proactive in making land available to us and that is the reason why we are able to move ahead in these five cities.
Latha: What we heard was that in Maharashtra, the city you mentioned, there has been a bit of resistance from farmers especially in Raigad district where you want to construct the Dighi Port. Is there any problem over there or you are comfortable on land?
The land acquisition has been a challenging task for state government especially since the acquisition of the new Land Acquisition Act. It will make land acquisition more difficult as we go along. We have to solve this problem if industrial cities have to come up.
I have been informed that in Dighi industrial city which has been planned as the second industrial node in Maharashtra, the process of land acquisition is on. So, we have not been informed to any other effect. I have been informed that the land acquisition process is on and as and when land is made available we will take subsequent steps.
Latha: We just had that very successful prime ministerial visit to Japan. Can you give us an update on whether more money was committed by the Japanese partner? In any case we heard that they were going to give you USD 4.5 billion for this project?
That commitment from Japan of USD 4.5 billion was already made earlier. It is part of the funding that they will do through Japan Bank for International Cooperation (JBIC) and Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) combined; that is what the commitment was. In the recent visit also, it has not been a DMIC specific kind of a commitment but it is an overall commitment of about USD 35 billion in the next five years through public and private sector projects.
Latha: Did that involve scaling up something that has come in for DMIC you think?
The DMIC commitment has not been spelt out as such but the progress on DMIC in partnership with government of Japan is proceeding smoothly; there is no problem on that.
RELATED NEWS

Airtel sells 3 500 telecom towers in Africa to Eaton TowersAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

RPT-Building a giant Rocket bets big on new online marketsAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Ritzy rides below Rs 30 lakh: Audi A3 and moreAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Saradha scam: CBI interrogates Cong  TMC ass...Asif Khan
(With the CBI making steady…)
KOLKATA: Kolkata businessman Asif Khan , a former convenor of the Trinamool Congress' Uttar Pradesh unit, and Badal Bhattacharya, a close aide of Congress leader Somen Mitra appeared before the CBI for questioning in the multi-crore rupee Saradha scam on Monday.
Besides Bhattacharya and Khan, Prasanta Pramanik - the president of the Majhi & Dari Workers Union Dakshineswar - too reached the CBI office for questioning about alleged links with the scam.
Khan, whose house was raided by the CBI Aug 29, has alleged involvement of his own party leaders in the scam.
"Some of these leaders, who had to go to sleep without food, have now amassed assets worth Rs.500 crore to Rs.1,000 crore. I do not know who gave them the money or from where it was accumulated," Khan said earlier in the week.
With the CBI making steady headway in the case, the Trinamool has accused the agency of being "politically used".
The agency has already grilled Bapi Karim, a former confidential assistant to West Bengal Sports and Transport Minister and Trinamool Congress leader Madan Mitra .
Besides, it again took the custody of suspended Trinamool MP Kunal Ghosh.
Ghosh, who has repeatedly alleged the involvement of the Trinamool top leadership, Saturday dropped a bombshell saying he should be jointly interrogated with Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee and scam kingpin Sudipta Sen.
Meanwhile, Ghosh Sunday alleged that Trinamool secretary general Partha Chatterjee and party leader in the Lok Sabha Sudip Bandyopadhyay had travelled to New Delhi for the inauguration of Saradha's media foray.
Ghosh made these allegations outside the Salt Lake CGO complex when he was being whisked out by CBI officers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

General Motors to launch hands-free drivingprint
General Motors CEO Mary Barra unveiled plans Sunday to make driving safer through hands-free technology, after a string of recalls that has dogged the company.
GM's top-of-the-line Cadillac brand will provide a semi-auto pilot mode dubbed "Super Cruise" on certain 2017 model year cars.
In the same timeframe, the 2017 Cadillac CTS will feature vehicle-to-vehicle communication technology that allows cars to react to others in intersections and other situations.
Barra said the new technology will be available outside the United States. It is also in demand in heavily congested Europe and in China, where accidents are taking an increasingly heavy toll.
"We are not doing this for the sake of the technology itself. We're doing it because it's what customers around the world want," she said.
"Through technology and innovation, we will make driving safer."
Super Cruise will offer customers a new type of driving experience that includes hands-free lane following, braking and speed control in certain highway driving conditions.
The system is designed to increase the comfort of an attentive driver on freeways, both in bumper-to-bumper traffic and on long roadtrips.
The vehicle-to-vehicle communication technology could mitigate many traffic collisions and improve traffic congestion by sending and receiving basic safety information such as location, speed and direction of travel between vehicles that are approaching each other.
It will warn drivers and can supplement active safety features, such as forward collision warning, already available on many production cars.
As the world becomes more congested and new populations need access to personal mobility, accidents continue to be a global concern.
A recent National Highway Traffic Safety Administration study estimated that the economic and societal impact of motor vehicle crashes in the United States is more than $870 billion per year.
"Advancing technology so that people can more safely live their lives is a responsibility we embrace," Barra said.
GM cars 'safe'
Despite massive recalls in recent months,Barra said consumers still trust GM.
She denied that consumers have grown more skeptical of GM's technology or the safety of its vehicles since the recalls began.
New vehicles sales in the US have risen 5.1 percent this year through the end of August, according to Autodata.
But GM's sales have increased only 2.8 percent despite the introduction of a new line of sport utility vehicles. Sales by the company's flagship Cadillac brand have dropped by more than four percent.
Barra, who described Cadillac customers as "incredibly influential," said GM was in the process of rejuvenating its luxury brand.
"We have a lot of work to do at Cadillac. We're rebuilding Cadillac and that is going to take some time," Barra told reporters after a speech marking the opening of Intelligent Transportation System World Congress.
GM, which has recalled more than 15 million vehicles for repairs, has set aside $1.6 billion to cover the cost of recall-related claims from individual consumers.
The recalls have spawned federal and state investigations as well as multiple lawsuits.
But Barra stressed that despite the massive recalls, the company's vehicles were safe on the whole.
"When you look at the safety we have on today's vehicles, and the rating they've gotten from a variety of external sources, those vehicles speak for themselves," she said.

2G case: SC asks CBI chief Ranjit Sinha to file counter-affidavitThe two new iPhones won't come cheap whenever they are launched in India. Still, here are 6 reasons why you'll do yourself a world of good to start saving now for one of the two phones.
Review
iPhone6 twins look and feel different, but lack 'Applesque features'
The launch of two new iPhones and a brand new category for Apple - a Smart Watch marks several very important milestones for the company. It's the first time that Apple breaks from its own set of rules and follows market demands for larger screen phones, writes Rajiv Makhni.
6 things you can buy instead of iPhone 6
Before you prepare to spend about Rs. 60,000 on the latest piece of Apple wizardry, remember there is so much more you can do with the same amount of money -- like going to Bali and zooming off on a new bike. Or, you can stick to taking selfies on your new phone
Dear Chetan Bhagat, you suggest homosexuality must be tolerated. Why?
Sir, one needn’t be an apologist to demand one’s rights and we queers are certainly not aiming to calmly stand in line for our dole; just as no one asked Gandhi or King to go back home and wait for their time to come.

Top buzzing stocks to trade on September 8Sep 08, 2014, 12.34 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Top buzzing stocks to trade on September 8
Here are few top buzzing stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have Punj Lloyd, ONGC, Oil India Opto Circuit, Tata Steel, Poly Medicure, TCI, Venus Remedies, Wockhardt, Bliss GVS Pharma and TVS Electronics.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Top buzzing stocks to trade on September 8
Here are few top buzzing stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have Punj Lloyd, ONGC, Oil India Opto Circuit, Tata Steel, Poly Medicure, TCI, Venus Remedies, Wockhardt, Bliss GVS Pharma and TVS Electronics.
Post your opinion here

J&K floods: Navy commandos join rescue operation  death toll climbs to 150  lakhs strandedUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Srinagar: Floods in Jammu and Kashmir continue to wreak havoc and have claimed over 150 lives while lakhs of people have been stranded. The Indian Navy too has now joined the massive rescue operation being carried out by the Indian Army, Indian Air Force, NDRF and Jammu and Kashmir Police.
The Naval Marine Commandos deployed in Jammu and Kashmir have rescued around 200 personnel at Haigaon on the Srinagar-Sopore highway. Rescue efforts are now continuing near Pantha Chowk, Srinagar. Additionally, Naval Diving Teams are also standby at New Delhi, Mumbai and Vishakhapatnam for the rescue efforts. A medical team is on standby at Delhi for immediate deployment.
So far 20,000 stranded people have been evacuated by the Army in different regions. Army has deployed 205 columns of its personnel for rescue and relief operations. They have distributed 4,000 blankets and 90 tents. The Army also distributed 23,000 litre of water and 600 kilograms biscuits in the flood-affected areas. 60 medical teams of the Armed Forces Medical Services have also swung into action. Another 5,000 people have also been rescued by NDRF.
Eighty-five metric tonnes of medicines were airlifted for the flood victims. 16 relief camps have been set up in different parts of the State while 1,245 people have been airlifted by the Indian Air Force helicopters and transport aircraft. So far 140 sorties have been undertaken by the helicopters and aircraft of Indian Air Force and 155 tonnes of relief materials are dropped by the Indian Air Force. Altogether 45 aircraft and helicopters have been pressed into action.
While about 70 per cent of Srinagar and South Kashmir is reeling under flood fury, North Kashmir is relatively safe.
Seven more IAF aircraft have also been pressed into action. Many locals are still stranded on rooftops in Jammu as water level in some areas is as high as 6 to 7 feet. Communication lines are down, and there are power cuts in many parts of the valley.
The Army said that water current has risen River Jhelum. "The entire focus is on rescue in Srinagar. Through the day yesterday and last night intense rescue operations were on. The worst affected areas are Bakshinagar and Rajnagar," said Lt General Subrata Saha, GoC 15 Corps. "Here the roofs are slanting, all evacuations are slow and deliberate. The water levels at some places is 6 to 7 ft," Lt Gen Saha said.
He said that while the forces were facing problems in carrying out rescue operations in the first three days, work is now on in full swing. "During the first three days, it was not possible to carry out any air operations. We have started air operations now. Half of the Army cantonment area is also under water and some internal rescue operations are also on, but that does not deter our job. Rescue operation is in full swing," he said.
However, there may be some ray of hope as the Met department has said that there will be no rains for the next three to five days. "There is no chance of rain in the state for the next 3 to 5 days, though the sky will remain cloudy. Warnings were issued on time, the first warning was issued on September 2. This happened due to convergence between western disturbance and low pressure area over the Bay of Bengal. This low pressure area has now weakened, we are predicting that there is going to be no rainfall for the next 3 to 5 days," Met department Director BP Yadav said.
Meanwhile, pilgrimage to the cave shrine of Mata Vaishno Devi in Trikuta Hills of Reasi district has been stopped again after it resumed on Monday morning after remaining suspended for four consecutive days in view of heavy rains. Pilgrims who were headed to the Vaishno Devi shrine were also stranded after the Katra-bound Shri Shakti Express train was stuck in the Udhampur district. There are nearly 500 pilgrims, who left from Delhi, on the train. The Railways is hopeful of restoring rail traffic between Jammu-Udhampur-Katra by Tuesday, say sources.
Helpline numbers:
New Delhi J&K House (011)-24611210 and 24611108
Srinagar-0194-2452138
Home Ministry Helpline: 011-23093054, 23092763, 23093564, 23092923, 23092885, 23093566, 23093563
(With additional information from PTI)

Delhi: AAP accuses BJP of buying its MLA for Rs 4 crore  releases  video proofUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: As uncertainty over government formation in Delhi continues, Aam Admi Party on Monday claimed that Delhi BJP Vice President Sher Singh Dagar was attempting to poach one of its MLAs by promising him Rs 4 crore.
The party has released what it is claiming to be a video proof of the BJP indulging in horse trading.
AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal is firm that his party will not allow BJP to form government in Delhi and will lodge a complaint with Election Commission. He said that the party will produce the video before the Supreme Court on Tuesday.
Meanwhile, BJP has dismissed these allegations questioning the authenticity of this video. "AAP only believes in allegations. Video's authenticity should be verified. Sher Singh Dagar will put his point across, will address a press conference and come clean on the whole issue," said party leader Sambit Patra.

Ten confirmed dead in Colombia plane crashPress Trust of India | Posted: September 8, 2014 1:36 pm
The bodies of 10 people killed aboard a Colombian plane that crashed in the Amazon jungle were recovered Sunday, officials said.
A Colombian Air Force helicopter took the bodies to the town of Araracuara, where the aircraft had taken off the day before for Florence, capital of the southwestern department of Caqueta. Rescue team official Gustavo Ortega told AFP the eight passengers and two crew died on impact after Saturday’s crash, minutes after takeoff.
Ortega said all the dead – six men, three women and a young girl – were Colombian nationals. During its mission to recover the bodies, the helicopter found six relatives of the victims who were lost in the jungle while looking for the downed aircraft on their own, the air force said.
The Laser company aircraft took off from Araracuara Airport in the country’s south around 3:00 pm local time (2000 GMT) on Saturday. It lost contact with air traffic control as it went over the town of Florencia.
The wreck of the aircraft was located – fragmented and incinerated – 10 kilometers (six miles) from the urban center of the town of Puerto Santander. Ortega said the flight was a normal commercial route. Air travel is a popular method of transport in the jungle region because of poor roads.
The cause of the accident was under investigation. However, one man who was supposed to have boarded the flight, Silvio Rojas, told RCN Radio the plane appeared to suffer engine failure shortly after take-off.
“There was a lot of smoke from the left engine,” he said.

Suzuki Swift crosses 4 million mark globally  half sold in IndiaPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 1:35 pm
Japan’s small car major Suzuki Motor Corporation has clocked four million milestone in total global sales of its successful premium hatchback Swift with about half of them coming from India.
According to information available on the company’s website, Swift, which was launched as a world strategic model in 2004, reached cumulative worldwide sales of four million units in August 2014 — nine years and nine months since the start of sales in 2004.
“Especially in India, ever since its launch in 2005, the Swift steadily increased its sales in line with the market expansion due to economic growth, such as by adding diesel variants and sedans. Of the four million units, units sold in India account for approximately half of them,” the company said.
At present the Swift is available in India priced between Rs 4.42 lakh and Rs 6.7 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi) in both petrol and diesel options.
The Swift was first produced and sold in Japan in November 2004. In the following year, production and distribution began in Hungary, India, and China.
Full-model change was made in 2010, and production and distribution also began in Thailand in March 2012.
Suzuki said out of the total global sales, 19 per cent were sold in Europe and 11 per cent in Japan.
In June 2008, the model crossed one million units in cumulative worldwide production and in January 2011 total global sales reached two million units.
Last year in January, Swift had reached the three million mark in cumulative worldwide sales.
The model is currently produced in eight countries worldwide and sold in more than 140 countries and regions around the world.

Nifty Tops 8 150  Sensex Up Over 200 PointsYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Nifty Trade Firm, Oil & Gas Stocks Lead Gains
NDTV | Updated On: September 08, 2014 12:47 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Fall Sharply As Fed Jitters Hit Global Markets Again
The BSE Sensex and Nifty traded with nearly 0.70 per cent gains in the afternoon trade, led by advances in energy stocks. Gains in FMCG, IT and pharma stocks also supported the market.
As of 12.15 p.m., the Sensex traded 182 points higher at 27,209 whereas the 50-share Nifty index was up 53 points at 8,139.75.
Among the energy stocks, ONGC was up over 2 per cent at Rs 452.60 as Brent crude prices traded near $100 per barrel mark. Bank of America Merrill Lynch has also upgraded the stock to buy from neutral with a target price of Rs 534. BofA says ONGC is likely to gain from oil sector reforms.
Other energy stocks like Gail and Cairn India were also up between 1 to 1.5 per cent each. Oil marketing companies BPCL, HPCL and Indian Oil also advanced on lower crude prices.
Asian Paints rose over 4 per cent to be the biggest gainer among the Nifty stocks.
In broader markets, stocks like Punj Lloyd gained nearly 10 per cent to hit their intraday circuit limit after the company bagged an order worth $581 million.
Out of the 50 shares in Nifty, 40 stocks gained while 10 shares declined. NMDC and Kotak Mahindra Bank were the top two losers in Nifty.
The broader index was also positive with the CNX 500 index gaining 0.70 per cent.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 12:39 (IST)

Sensex surges 231 points on heavy capital inflows; oil & gas  IT stocks major gainersSensex surges 293 points on FII inflows; oil & gas, FMCG stocks steal the show
Our Bureau/Agencies
Investors await key macroeconomic data to be released this week
Mumbai, Sept 8:  
The Sensex and the Nifty surged nearly 1.08 per cent at the closing session on Monday on heavy capital inflows anticipating improvement in key macroeconomic indicators - inflation, forex reserves and industrial production to be announced this week.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex surged 293.15 points to end at 27,319.85 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty gained 87.05 points to close at 8,173.90.
Rajesh Agarwal, Head-Research, Eastern Financiers, said in a report: "The markets will take cues from important macroeconomic data that would be announced during the week such as inflation, forex reserves and industrial production growth. As revealed by last week’s FII robust net investment data, the markets are seeing bullish undercurrent and we do not expect to see any substantial correction during the week. Overall, we expect markets to continue their general up-move with intermittent profit-booking."
Barring consumer durables, all other BSE sectoral indices ended in the green. Among them, oil & gas index gained the most by 1.79 per cent, followed by FMCG 1.4 per cent, capital goods 1.29 per cent and metal 1.25 per cent. Only consumer durables index was down 0.22 per cent.
Hindalco, ONGC, SBIN, Wipro and HUL were the major Sensex gainers, while NTPC, M&M, Tata Power and BHEL were the only losers among 30-share Sensex constituents.
European stocks fell as investors weighed equity valuations after the Stoxx Europe 600 Index completed its fourth weekly rally, while UK banks retreated on concerns that Scotland will vote for independence.
The Stoxx 600 retreated 0.7 per cent to 345.23 at 10.01 a.m. in London.
Most Asian stocks rose as investors weighed data showing Chinese exports rose more than analysts projected last month, while imports unexpectedly fell.
The MSCI Asia Pacific Index was up 0.1 per cent at 148.54 as of 2.10 p.m. in Hong Kong.
A plunge in sterling after a poll showed rising support for Scottish independence helped bolster the dollar.
Sterling plummeted 0.8 per cent to $1.6207 after sliding as low as $1.6165 in early trade, the lowest since last November and the biggest daily drop in eight months, after a poll showed the "yes" to Scottish independence campaign on 51 percent against 49 percent for the "no" camp.
Data on Friday showed US non-farm payrolls grew by only 142,000 last month, far below the 225,000 forecast by analysts in a Reuters poll.
The downbeat jobs report suggested the Federal Reserve will hold off on hiking interest rates anytime soon, and helped the S&P 500 hit a fresh closing high.
Data released before Tokyo opened showed Japan's economy shrank an annualised 7.1 per cent in April-June from the previous quarter, revised down from a preliminary 6.8 per cent contraction due to weaker-than-expected capital spending.
Later in the day, investors await Chinese trade data for August, and will be scanning the report for any signs of weakness after a spate of recent data raised concerns about the impact of a cooling property sector.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Massive immersion of Ganesh idols begins in Telangana and APAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Suzuki Swift crosses 4 mn mark globally  half sold in IndiaPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 12:40 PM IST
Suzuki Swift crosses 4 mn mark globally, half sold in India
Japan's small car major Suzuki Motor Corporation has clocked four million milestone in total global sales of its successful premium hatchback Swift with about half of them coming from India.
Japan's small car major Suzuki Motor Corporation has clocked four million milestone in total global sales of its successful premium hatchback Swift with about half of them coming from India.
According to information available on the company's website, Swift, which was launched as a world strategic model in 2004, reached cumulative worldwide sales of four million units in August 2014 -- nine years and nine months since the start of sales in 2004.
"Especially in India, ever since its launch in 2005, the Swift steadily increased its sales in line with the market expansion due to economic growth, such as by adding diesel variants and sedans. Of the four million units, units sold in India account for approximately half of them," the company said.
At present the Swift is available in India priced between Rs 4.42 lakh and Rs 6.7 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi) in both petrol and diesel options.
The Swift was first produced and sold in Japan in November 2004. In the following year, production and distribution began in Hungary, India, and China.
Full-model change was made in 2010, and production and distribution also began in Thailand in March 2012.
Suzuki said out of the total global sales, 19 per cent were sold in Europe and 11 per cent in Japan.
In June 2008, the model crossed one million units in cumulative worldwide production and in January 2011 total global sales reached two million units.
Last year in January, Swift had reached the three million mark in cumulative worldwide sales.
The model is currently produced in eight countries worldwide and sold in more than 140 countries and regions around the world.
 Advertisements

Cease-fire holds in eastern UkraineA Pro-Russian rebel holds a mortar shell as they lead suppressive fire at the positions of Ukrainian army, during shelling in Donetsk, eastern Ukraine. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Kiev | Posted: September 8, 2014 1:48 pm
A cease-fire between pro-Russian rebels and Ukrainian government troops appears to be largely holding in eastern Ukraine, a day after shelling and clashes rattled nerves and imperiled the peace deal.
In a statement published online Monday, the city council of Donetsk said there had been no reported casualties overnight and that public transport would be up and running on Tuesday. No shelling or explosions could be heard overnight in downtown Donetsk.
The Interfax-Ukraine news agency reported Monday that 15 Ukrainian soldiers had been released by rebel forces, another key element of the deal.
The cease-fire, which was imposed late on Friday, was thrown into peril over the weekend when the outskirts of a large coastal city, Mariupol, came under fire and fighting started up near the Donetsk airport.

Iraq: US air strikes target insurgents near Haditha Damprint
US warplanes carried out five strikes on Islamic State insurgents menacing Iraq's Haditha Dam on Sunday, witnesses and officials said, widening what President Barack Obama called a campaign to curb and ultimately defeat the jihadist movement.
Obama has branded Islamic State an acute threat to the West as well as the Middle East and said that key NATO allies stood ready to back Washington in action against the well-armed sectarian force, which has seized expanses of northern Iraq and eastern Syria and declared a border-blurring religious caliphate.
The leader of a pro-Iraqi government paramilitary force in western Iraq said the air strikes wiped out an Islamic State patrol trying to attack the dam - Iraq's second biggest hydroelectric facility that also provides millions with water.
"They (the air strikes) were very accurate. There was no collateral damage ... If Islamic State had gained control of the dam, many areas of Iraq would have been seriously threatened, even (the capital) Baghdad," Sheik Ahmed Abu Risha told Reuters.
The aerial assault drove Islamic State fighters away from the dam, according to a police intelligence officer in the vast western province of Anbar, a hotbed of Islamist insurgency.
The US military said in a statement that the strikes destroyed four IS Humvees, four IS armed vehicles, two of which were carrying antiaircraft artillery, an IS fighting position, one IS command post and an IS defensive fighting position. All aircraft left the strike areas safely, the Pentagon said.
The strikes were Washington's first reported offensive into Anbar since it started attacks on Islamic State forces in the north of Iraq in August.
Almost three years after US troops withdrew from Iraq and 11 years after their invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein, the war on Islamic State is drawing Washington back into the middle of Iraq's power struggles and bloody sectarian strife.
US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said the strikes on the Sunni Muslim insurgents had been carried out at the request of the Shi'ite Muslim-led central government in Baghdad.
"If that dam would fall into (Islamic State's) hands or if that dam would be destroyed, the damage that would cause would be very significant and it would put a significant, additional and big risk into the mix in Iraq," Hagel told reporters during a trip to Georgia's capital, Tbilisi.   
Obama vows to repel, defeat Islamic State
Obama said on the weekend he would explain to Americans this week his plan to "start going on some offense" against Islamic State. "We are going to be a part of an international coalition, carrying out air strikes in support of work on the ground by Iraqi troops, Kurdish troops, he said in an NBC TV interview.
"We are going to systematically degrade their capabilities. We're going to shrink the territory that they control. And ultimately we're going to defeat 'em."
The six-month-old battle for control of the Haditha Dam has been a rare case of cooperation between local Sunni tribes and the Shi'ite-led Iraqi military. The Juhayfa tribe in Haditha has a long-standing fight with the Islamic State, which split with its parent organization al Qaeda last year.
Anbar is complicated terrain for the Americans as they seek to root out Islamic State, since Sunnis fighting on behalf of the Baghdad government are the exception to the rule. 
The large desert province, bordering Syria, Jordan and Saudi Arabia, has been at war with Baghdad since last December when then-Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki sent troops to raze an anti-government demonstrators' camp.
That sparked a tribal revolt against Maliki whom Sunnis accused of isolating them with indiscriminate arrests. Islamic State fighters took advantage of the chaos to muscle in and become the dominant force among Sunnis.
The fighting there, which has displaced 430,000 people since January, strengthened Islamic State ahead of its lightning blitz this summer across the north of Iraq, also threatening the semi-autonomous, Western-backed enclave of Kurdistan.
Thriving on Maliki's sectarian-motivated alienation of Sunnis, Islamic State committed wide-scale atrocities against Shi'ites, Christians and other non-Sunnis this summer as the Iraqi army imploded in the face of the insurgents' advance.
Since June, Islamic State has massacred hundreds of  soldiers outside of Saddam's hometown, Tikrit, after capturing it, and killed a similar number of Yazidis and other religious minorities outside of Mosul, the north's biggest city.
Obama ordered air strikes in northern Iraq last month as Kurdish-controlled territory fell to the Islamic State and the capital of Iraqi Kurdistan looked in endangered.
Last weekend, US warplanes carried out raids farther south in the province of Saluhuddin to break an Islamic State siege of the Shi'ite Turkmen town of Amerli.

Weak China iron ore imports hit pricesSeptember 8, 2014 9:46 am
Weak China iron ore imports weigh on prices
By Lucy Hornby in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/11c8728c-372d-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SKP Securities: AGM on Sept 27  2014Sep 08, 2014, 02.07 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
SKP Securities: AGM on Sept 27, 2014
SKP Securities has informed that the Annual General Meeting of the Company will be held on September 27, 2014 at 10.00 A.M. at MCC Chamber of Commerce & Industry, 15B Hemanta Basu Sarani, Kolkata - 700001.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SKP Securities: AGM on Sept 27, 2014
SKP Securities has informed that the Annual General Meeting of the Company will be held on September 27, 2014 at 10.00 A.M. at MCC Chamber of Commerce & Industry, 15B Hemanta Basu Sarani, Kolkata - 700001.
Post your opinion here
 
SKP Securities Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting of the Company will be held on September 27, 2014 at 10.00 A.M. at MCC Chamber of Commerce & Industry, 15B Hemanta Basu Sarani, Kolkata - 700001.Source : BSE

Opto  Poly Medi jump on hope of 100% FDI in medical devicesSep 08, 2014, 01.11 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Opto, Poly Medi jump on hope of 100% FDI in medical devices
A media report suggests that the government is likely to soon permit 100 percent FDI in brownfield medical devices and equipment manufacturing projects through the automatic route.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Opto, Poly Medi jump on hope of 100% FDI in medical devices
A media report suggests that the government is likely to soon permit 100 percent FDI in brownfield medical devices and equipment manufacturing projects through the automatic route.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Opto Circuits and  Poly Medicure gained as much as 12-17 percent intraday Monday on hopes of 100 percent FDI in medical devices. Poly Medicure touched a record high of Rs 810 on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
A media report suggests that the government is likely to soon permit 100 percent FDI in brownfield medical devices and equipment manufacturing projects through the automatic route.
Currently, 100 percent FDI is allowed in the pharmaceutical sector (including medical devices) in greenfield projects through automatic route, while Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) approval is needed for brownfield investments. Besides, there are riders while giving permission to brownfield investments, including that ‘non-compete’ clause would not be allowed except in special circumstances with FIPB approval. Also, FIPB has the discretion to incorporate conditions for foreign investment in all brownfield cases, at the time of granting approval.
"These riders will continue only for brownfield investments in the drugs/cosmetics and pharmaceuticals sector, while medical devices will be exempt from it," the media report said quoting unnamed sources.
Meanwhile, Poly Medicure, manufacturers of medical devices, won a 5-year long patent battle versus German firm B Braun . The European Patent Office (EPO) revoked two of B Braun’s patents and (in an interview to CNBC-TV18) Himanshu Baid, managing director of Poly Medicure, expects it to be a huge positive for the company.
At 12:59 hours IST, the scrip of Poly Medicure climbed 5.75 percent to Rs 766.75 and Opto Circuits India jumped 13.73 percent to Rs 27.75.
RELATED NEWS

J&K floods: Helpline numbers for assistanceJ&K: Army protecting the border even as rescue operation continues 8 hours 29 minutes ago
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

IT  metal stocks gainIT  metal stocks gain
Venus Remedies enters into pact with MylanHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Venus Remedies enters into pact with Mylan
PTI
Tweet
Chandigarh, Sept 8:  
Venus Pharma GmbH, a Germany-based wholly-owned subsidiary of pharma major Venus Remedies, today announced entering into a distribution-cum-outlicensing agreement with the world’s third largest generic drug maker, Mylan, for marketing its antibiotic, meropenem, in three European countries.
The deal with Mylan — headquartered at Cecil Township in Pennsylvania — will enable Venus Remedies to market meropenem in Denmark, Sweden and Finland for a period of five years.
The market size for this product in Denmark, Sweden and Finland is estimated at €12.54 million.
“Under this non-exclusive marketing agreement, we will manufacture the drug at our Baddi (Himachal Pradesh) facility, which recently got a renewed European Union Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) certification, while the batch release and logistics will be handled by our Germany facility Venus Pharma GmbH.
“This joint venture will further help Venus Pharma GmbH and its collaborators in maintaining their market position to figure among the top five players with around 30 per cent share in meropenem markets in countries like Germany, France and UK,” Ashutosh Jain, Executive Director-cum-Chief Operating Officer (COO), Venus Pharma GmbH, Werne, Germany, said in a statement issued here.
Venus already has a non-exclusive marketing tie-up with Mylan for the same product in France.
Notably, the Panchkula-based Venus Remedies had entered into a collaborative agreement last month with Israel-based generic drug maker Teva for selling an anti-cancer drug in the Canadian market.
Meropenem, the global annual generic sales of which stood at $1,879 million in 2012, is estimated to grow at a compounded annual growth rate of 7.5 per cent to reach around $2,100 million in 2014-15, the company statement said.
Venus Remedies is currently holding talks for more strategic tie-ups in regulated markets with multinational companies that are already operating in these territories, it said.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Stalemate in Pak continues; talks enter ‘meaningful’ phaseImran Khan said he will not go back without forcing Premier Sharif to resign and asked his party leaders to bring more people to the sit-in. ( File photo )
PTI | Islamabad | Posted: September 8, 2014 2:13 pm
Political stalemate in Pakistan continued on Monday with Imran Khan sticking to his demand of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif’s resignation, even as talks between the government and protesters entered a “meaningful” phase.
Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaaf (PTI) chief Khan, while addressing his supporters outside the Parliament, said he will not go back without forcing Premier Sharif to resign and asked his party leaders to bring more people to the sit-in. Khan asked his supporters to continue the sit-in for
another two weeks.
Populist cleric Tahir-ul-Qadri of the Pakistan Awami Tehreek (PAT) is also camping close to Khan’s camp. His supporters have vacated the parking lot of the Parliament and are now sitting near the Constitution Avenue. Another round of talks between the government and PTI was
held in the capital on Sunday.
While both sides claimed that “progress had been made”, they admitted that there were still certain “core issues” that needed to be resolved.
After the talks held last night, PTI vice chairman Shah Mehmood Qureshi declared that “meaningful dialogue has begun” and that both sides were making “serious efforts to rescue the nation from the prevailing impasse.”
Finance Minister Ishaq Dar, who lead the government panel, said that the two sides would meet again to sort out remaining issues. As talks made some progress, Khan continued his attack on the government, accusing several politicians of being beneficiaries of rigging in last year’s general election.
He also named Chief Minister of Balochistan province Dr Abdul Malik, who is considered as a “clean” politician in Pakistan, among the leaders benefiting from rigging. Khan’s call for extending the protest for two weeks has come at a time when he is already facing criticism for demonstrating even as the country has been hit by the worst floods in its history.
Khan has also said the PTI leadership will approach the Supreme Court to get Prime Minister Sharif disqualified for lying on the floor of the National Assembly regarding the leadership of the PTI, PAT and the army. Khan and Qadri have been protesting in front of Parliament since August 14 to force Sharif’s resignation over alleged rigging in the 2013 general election won by the PML-N party. Several rounds of talks have failed to resolve the crisis as protesters want nothing short of Sharif’s ouster and fresh polls.

Oil falls below $100 | Markets @ new highs; Opto Circuits up 14%Brent crude
(Weak economic growth combined…)
LONDON: Brent crude oil fell below $100 a barrel for the first time in 14 months on Monday as Chinese and US data pointed to slower-than-expected growth in the world's top oil consumers.
Weak economic growth combined with ample supply has pushed oil prices down from a high for the year above $115 hit in June.
Saudi Arabia and other OPEC producers have said they prefer oil above $100. Prices below this level will put pressure on the budgets of many exporters, and could encourage some producers to pump less in an attempt to support the market.
Brent fell to a low of $99.76 a barrel, down $1.06 and its lowest since June 2013, before recovering slightly to trade around $99.95 by 0845 GMT. The benchmark fell $1.01 to settle at $100.82 a barrel on Friday, recording its third weekly drop in four.
US crude slipped 60 cents to $92.69 a barrel after settling at $93.29 on Friday for its sixth weekly drop in seven.
The price fall followed data showing China's import growth fell unexpectedly for the second consecutive month in August, posting its worst performance in over a year as domestic demand faltered.
It was the second straight month of weak import growth, raising concerns that tepid domestic demand exacerbated by a cooling housing market is increasingly weighing on the economy.
"The Chinese data, with imports showing disappointing results, indicates the domestic economy remains quite weak," said Victor Shum, senior partner at oil consultancy Purvin & Gertz.
Brent and US crude futures both fell on Friday after US non-farm payrolls rose by just 142,000 in August, well below a forecast 225,000, casting doubt on the pace of growth in the world's biggest oil-consuming economy.
Oil prices are now too low for many OPEC countries to cover all their spending needs, analysts and economists say.
Although the cost of getting oil out of the ground is low in most countries in the cartel, growing social spending and ambitious infrastructure plans mean many oil producers now earn less from their oil sales than they need to fund their budgets.
But oil producers have limited room for manoeuvre. Some analysts have suggested that Saudi Arabia, the biggest producer in OPEC, may be reluctant to cut output to support pries if it means losing market share.
"The fall in prices is a temporary thing. They are still within the acceptable range," an OPEC delegate from a Gulf country said.
"We are now approaching winter so the prices are expected to rise," said the delegate, who declined to be identified.
Investors kept a close eye on geopolitical concerns in Europe and the Middle East, especially on the impact the tensions could have on European demand.
A ceasefire in Ukraine was largely holding, although there had been sporadic fire overnight.
The European Union is expected to implement a further round of sanctions against Russia over the Ukraine crisis on Monday, which could target oil company Rosneft, units of Gazprom and 24 individuals.
President Barack Obama will brief lawmakers and make a televised address this week to explain how the United States will tackle the threat posed by Islamic State militants who have overrun parts of Iraq and Syria.
Fighting flared between rival groups in Benghazi and near the Libyan capital, Tripoli, on Sunday, killing at least 15 people and leading to fears the OPEC producer will become a failed state.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Buy India Cements 130 Call: Rahul ShahLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy India Cements 130 Call: Rahul Shah
Rahul Shah of Motilal Oswal recommends buying India Cements 130 Call.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Rahul Shah of Motilal Oswal told CNBC-TV18, "In the midcap space, we like  India Cements  from current levels. So what we can do is buy a 130 Call in India Cements. Let the Call expire at zero, that would be our stoploss and target of Rs 11 from here. Good money can be made in India Cements buying the Call Options."
At 14:13 hrs India Cements was quoting at Rs 122.50, up Rs 0.75, or 0.62 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 124 and an intraday low of Rs 121.
RELATED NEWS

Buy Bharti Airtel  says Rahul ShahLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Bharti Airtel, says Rahul Shah
Rahul Shah of Motilal Oswal is of the view that one can buy Bharti Airtel with a target of Rs 430.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Rahul Shah of Motilal Oswal told CNBC-TV18, " Bharti Airtel  and  Idea Cellular  look very positive in the telecom space. Bharti Airtel looks much better from a trading perspective. In future you can buy Bharti Airtel with a stoploss of Rs 395 at a target of Rs 430."
At 14:07 hrs Bharti Airtel was quoting at Rs 402.80, up Rs 2.25, or 0.56 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 407.45 and an intraday low of Rs 401.65.
RELATED NEWS

NZ Dollar Rises To 4-day High Against Australian DollarNZ Dollar Rises To 4-day High Against Australian Dollar
Apollo Hospitals gain on expansion buzzApollo Hospitals gain on expansion buzz
Eight steps how Narendra Modi government plans to provide 24*7 powerEight steps how Narendra Modi government plans to provide 24*7 power
Mid  small caps in favour todayMid  small caps in favour today
Power supply worsened in Odisha despite huge investment:StudyPower supply worsened in Odisha despite huge investment:Study
Scottish banks lead FTSE lowerLast updated: September 8, 2014 12:57 pm
Scottish banks lead FTSE lower
By Neil Dennis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a400e27e-3732-11e4-b45c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Budget 2014: At a glanceWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Budget 2014: MemorandumWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Budget 2014: Finance BillWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Fast-Food Strikes to Hit 150 CitiesBroadway dims lights in honor of Joan Rivers
TODAY
Overturned truck spills oranges all over road
TODAY
5 children’s bodies found in Alabama
TODAY
Emotions boil over at Ferguson meeting
TODAY
Burglary suspect takes a nap on victim’s bed
TODAY
Al Pacino: I was offered Han Solo role in ‘Star Wars’
TODAY
Study: Exercise can help kids with ADHD
TODAY
Mel Brooks sets hands (with extra finger) in cement
TODAY
Roller coaster goes up in flames near L.A.
TODAY
Tornado’s terrifying moments caught on camera
TODAY

Apple hires celebrity designerBy Gregory Wallace  @gregorywallace September 7, 2014: 12:53 PM ET
Jonathan Ive of Apple, left, and Marc Newson at a Buckingham Palace ceremony in 2012.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Designer Marc Newson and Apple have long shared at least two things in common: combining technology and design aesthetics.
Now, they have a third. Newson told Vanity Fair that he will be joining the Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) payroll.
Newson is known for designing everything from airplane interiors to watches. He is close friends with Apple's design chief, Jonathan Ive, and the two have worked together in the past. Newson's hire follows a yearlong informal collaboration on Apple products, Ive said.
"We are particularly excited to formalize our collaboration as we enjoy working together so much and have found our partnership so effective," Ive said.
Newson said he is "full of admiration and respect" for the company's work.
Related: Apple is rarely original -- and that's OK
The announcement comes just days before Apple is widely expected to unveil new iPhone models and make its first move into the wearables category with a smartwatch. Newson has previously designed watches and timepieces for Ikepod and Jaeger Le-Coultre.
The Australian-born Newson has apparently long been a fan of Apple. In a 2005 CNN interview, he cited the iPod as an example of how good design increases the value of a product.
 
First Published: September 7, 2014: 12:53 PM ET
Join the Conversation

Ready to Fly  Vistara Poaches Key Men From IndiGo  JetLite: ReportBanks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
Mumbai:
Vistara, the Tata-Singapore Airlines joint venture, which is awaiting flying permit from the aviation regulator DGCA, has inducted a senior pilot from IndiGo to head its safety team, according to sources.
Besides, the carrier has also picked up JetLite quality manager Deepak Joshi to be a part of its safety wing, sources familiar with the development told PTI.
Vistara is likely to take off next month subject to issuance of the air operator permit (AOP) by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA).
"IndiGo senior Commander Ashutosh Verma has moved to Vistara where he has been made head of the safety wing," the sources said.
Mr Verma is a DGCA-approved examiner, trainer and instructor, a mandatory requirement for the key job in an airline, they said.
Mr Joshi, who was handling some key responsibilities as quality control manager at JetLite, including aircraft deliveries, joined Vistara early this month, they said.
The private airline has already appointed C S Varadarajan as chief human resources officer, Phee Teik Yeoh as CEO, Giamming Toh as chief commercial officer and Niyant Maru as chief financial officer. Capt Roshan Joshi from SIA will head the flight operations.
Last month, Tata Group and SIA named the carrier Vistara with Delhi as its headquarters. The airline will begin operations with one Airbus 320 and the number of aircraft will be scaled up to five over the next few years.
Story first published on: September 07, 2014 15:18 (IST)

China graduates flock to francophone AfricaLast updated: September 7, 2014 7:31 pm
China’s French graduates swap government jobs for African adventures
By Julie Zhu in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/72055490-3425-11e4-8832-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

What is a latte stoneBy Eugene Volokh September 7 Follow @volokhc
See here for the answer , but no fair peeking before putting down your best guess in the comments.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410127463/1410127463000/1410127463 tracking: {authors=Eugene Volokh, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=what-is-a-latte-stone, post_id=13149, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 7, 2014 10:04:23 PM close date: Sep 21, 2014 10:04:23 PM

Alibaba founder Jack Ma: The man behind possibly the biggest IPO ever(Alibaba, a company started…)
By David Barboza
SHANGHAI: At the resplendent China World Hotel in Beijing, scores of cameras snapped as colorful confetti floated down from the ceiling. It was August 11, 2005, and this was the global coming-out party for Alibaba, the Chinese e-commerce upstart.
After months of frantic negotiations, US Internet giant Yahoo had agreed to invest $1 billion in cash and create deeper business ties, in exchange for a 40 per cent stake in Alibaba. Alibaba's founder, Jack Ma, thin, energetic and standing just over 5 feet tall, was beaming.
He gushed that it was China's Valentine's Day and this was a beautiful match: "You'd be foolish if you said no." It was his coming-out party too; the partnership would pave the way for Alibaba to become an international juggernaut.
For days, Ma was almost giddy about a deal that provided his company with a huge infusion of money and unfettered access to Yahoo's search technology. He was particularly effusive that eBay and Meg Whitman, who was then its chief executive, had enticed Yahoo to make a competing offer by bidding so aggressively for Alibaba.
"Thank you, Meg Whitman," Ma joked at the time. "Thank you for making all of this possible." But Ma soon started having second thoughts about the partnership. He worried that he had sold the stake too cheaply and given up too much control.
Trying to buy back most, if not all, of Alibaba's shares, Ma started talks that dragged on for several years. With the relationship souring, Ma transferred ownership of Alibaba's fast-growing online payment service, Alipay, to an entity that he controlled.
He didn't get the permission of Alibaba's board. He just went ahead and did it. While Yahoo complained, Ma seemed to get everything he wanted, eventually. In 2011, he negotiated an agreement giving him and a handful of key lieutenants a majority stake in Alipay, one of the company's crown jewels.
A year later, Ma secured a plan for Yahoo to reduce its stake in Alibaba. When the Alibaba Group goes public later this month in an offering that could value the company at about $160 billion, investors will have little doubt about who is in control of the company.
Ma, 49, is the public face. He is the chief negotiator. He is the top strategist. He is the biggest individual investor, with a 9 per cent stake. Alibaba, a company started out of Ma's apartment in 1999, is now a technology colossus worth more than US stalwarts like eBay and Hewlett-Packard.
Under his leadership, Alibaba has become not just the dominant force in China's e-commerce but also a symbol of the country's breathtaking economic rise. The company has 250 million active buyers in China, and its orders account for more than 60 per cent of all package deliveries in China.
That success has helped make Jack Ma a kind of celebrity CEO, an executive comfortable hobnobbing with business moguls in Davos, leading tours of his company for China's political elite and promoting the "Wisdom of Jack Ma" in books and on DVDs. The initial public offering could make Ma, already one of China's richest men, worth more than $15 billion. He has already pledged to give away much of that wealth, which would instantly make him one of the world's major philanthropists.
(Ma and Alibaba declined to comment for this article, citing regulatory restrictions on public statements ahead of an IPO.) Ma has grown accustomed to doing things his way. He regularly strikes deals with close friends and buys companies in seemingly unrelated industries. At times, it is hard to determine whether an investment is personal or professional, because the boundaries between Ma's portfolio and Alibaba's holdings can blur.
Such activities are not always transparent, a potential red flag for new shareholders in a public company. Like many Chinese companies, Alibaba also operates behind a cloak of complicated ownership structures, which may limit dissenting shareholders' objections.
REBELLIOUS AND PRECOCIOUS
Ma grew up in the eastern Chinese city of Hangzhou, the middle of three children born to a pair of performers of pingtan, a traditional musical storytelling technique. Neighbors called him a troublesome and often rebellious young boy, but he may have just been precocious.
At 10, Ma Yun, as he is known in Chinese, took a liking to English and would ride his bicycle to the Hangzhou Hotel to practice with foreign tourists, an experience he said opened his mind to the outside world. His poor math skills almost prevented him from attending college.
But after passing the national college entrance exam on the third try, Ma gained admission to a local teachers' college, where he excelled and was elected president of the student union. When he graduated in 1988, he took a $14-a-month job teaching English at the Hangzhou Institute of Electronic Engineering and quickly became one of its most popular instructors.

US launches fresh air strikes to protect Iraq damA US Marine at the Haditha Dam in 2005. ( Source: AP )
Reuters | Baghdad | Posted: September 8, 2014 12:33 am
US warplanes launched four air strikes against ISIS militants threatening western Iraq’s Haditha Dam early on Sunday, witnesses and senior officials said, broadening Washington’s campaign against the fighters.
The leader of a pro-Iraqi government paramilitary force in the west said the strikes wiped out an ISIS patrol trying to attack the dam — the country’s second biggest hydroelectric facility which also provides millions with water. “They (the air strikes) were very accurate. There was no collateral damage … If ISIS had gained control of the dam, many areas of Iraq would have been seriously threatened, even Baghdad,” Sheik Ahmed Abu Risha told Reuters.
The strikes were Washington’s first reported offensive into Iraq’s western Anbar province since it started attacks on Islamic State forces in the north of the country in August. The move brought its planes closer to the border with Syria.
US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said they had been carried out at the request of the Iraqi government.
“If that dam would fall into ISIL’s (Islamic State’s) hands or if that dam would be destroyed, the damage that that would cause would be very significant and it would put a significant, additional and big risk into the mix in Iraq,” he told reporters during a trip to Georgia’s capital Tbilisi.
ISIS has overrun large areas of Iraq and Syria and declared a cross-border Islamic caliphate.
Iraqi government forces and a small number of Sunni militias have been confronting ISIS and other fighters in Anbar since January.
Iraq’s outgoing Foreign Minister Hoshiyar Zebari welcomed the growing US air campaign and said ISIS was trying to control strategic assets, including dams across Iraq.
The militants seized control of a dam outside Falluja in April and flooded areas on the rural outskirts of western Baghdad, displacing thousands of people.
It abandoned that dam, but went on to take control of Mosul dam, Iraq’s biggest, last month, before being forced out by US air strikes and Kurdish fighters.
US President Barack Obama said last week key NATO allies stood ready to join Washington in military action to defeat Islamic State in Iraq and vowed to ‘take out’ the leaders of a movement he said was a major threat to the West.

Was coldhearted laissez-faire ideology responsible for American slavery and the suffering of the Irish in the mid-nineteenth centuryBy David Bernstein September 7
Yes, implies Henry Farrell of the Monkey Cage blog , who refers to those “murdered beneath the whip of slavery or those who starved to death, in part thanks to The Economist’s own vigorous advocacy [of laissez-faire].”
No, rejoins Phillipp Magness at the History News Network : “Unfortunately for Mr. Farrell, he has his 19th century politics confused, and confused badly at that. Consider the repeal of the Corn Laws in 1846. This hallmark of the very same 19th century ‘laissez faire’ philosophy he derides as callous was actually carried to fruition as part of a conscious effort to relieve famine-plagued Ireland from the artificially onerous food prices that came about under Britain’s agricultural protective tariff regime…. A similar observation applies to the issue of abolitionism, which actually found some of its strongest backers in the very same school of ‘laissez faire’ liberalism that Farrell detests.”
H/T David Beito via Facebook
UPDATE: Farrell is certainly right that in the article he quotes from January 1847, The Economist blames the Irish in significant part for their own suffering, a sentiment that seems to have been widespread in England at the time.  The argument seems to be that their rebelliousness prevented government from enforcing a secure system of property rights, much to the detriment of the development of Irish agriculture, and British policies then made things even worse.  The combination left the Irish dependent on their failed potato crop. How this anti-Irish sentiment ties in to laissez-faire ideology is not 100% clear; it seems more a product of an imperialist mindset, which both pre- and post- dates the rise of liberalism in Great Britain.
But it does not seem to be the case that The Economist advocated letting the Irish starve to death. Reading the article Farrell quotes (which I read through the GMU library system), it inveighs against a variety of prior unsuccessful relief schemes, against some new proposals the article deems unlikely to work, and against anything that might render the Irish long-term dependents on the English taxpayer.  But in addition to suggesting repealing rules that inhibit Ireland from reaching its economic potential, the same editorial seems to endorse a government proposal “to constitute relief committees upon an extended scale, which shall purchase food, and distribute it among the people, the funds to be provided by rates on property, Government grants, and private donations”–a plan the article thinks has “great difficulties,” especially because it will be implemented late in the game when it will be difficult to obtain local cooperation, and on top of other failed schemes.  But the article acknowledges that there is “no other plan so good open to the government to retrace its steps, ” and then makes some suggestions on how to make this proposal succeed.
And one thing neither Farrell nor Magness mention: open immigration was part of laissez-faire liberal ideology, and hundreds of thousands of Irish people escaped the famine to cities in England, the U.S., and elsewhere. As awful as the toll of the famine was, it would have been much worse if immigration policies of the sort soon favored by socialists and labor unions in later years had been in place.
Finally, a recent review of a book about slavery , which The Economist pulled  because it made a bizarre statement that the book was unfair in making white the bad guys and blacks the good guys (in a book about American slavery!) , and which prompted Farrell’s post, made the argument that slaves may have been treated better than immigrants because the owner had an investment in the former’s health, but not in the latter’s.  This is easily recognizable as an argument southern slaveholders made against laissez-fairest “free labor” advocates from the North who strongly opposed slavery.
David Bernstein is the George Mason University Foundation Professor at the George Mason University School of Law in Arlington, VA.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410135905/1410135905000/1410135905 tracking: {authors=David Bernstein, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=was-coldhearted-laissez-faire-ideology-responsible-for-american-slavery-and-the-suffering-of-the-irish-in-the-mid-nineteenth-century, post_id=13154, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 12:25:05 AM close date: Sep 22, 2014 12:25:05 AM

Rly Ministry turns to China model for novel universityPrint
Written by Avishek G Dastidar | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 12:59 am | Updated: September 8, 2014 1:01 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi might have widened the scope of Japanese collaboration in various spheres through his recent visit to the country, but India’s first Railway University will be officially modelled after institutions in China.
The Railway Ministry has formally communicated to the Cabinet Secretariat and the PMO that it is studying Chinese models for the proposed university exclusively for railway-related courses—one of the ideas prescribed by Modi himself—and has already held consultations with the National Railway Administration, China, which visited Railway Board recently.
China has been teaching railway-specific courses for the past 100 years and currently has multiple universities in the discipline. So, Railway Ministry officials thought that taking a leaf out of China’s experience would be a way forward. The curriculum, administration and optimum resource-utilisation in the university will follow China’s footsteps in this regard, as per discussions held with Chinese officials.
For the time being, IIT-Kharagpur will introduce engineering courses related specifically to Railways in collaboration with the ministry, a communication seen by The Indian Express said. This will be the first such initiative in the country for Railways. Collaborating with the IIT was an advice from the HRD ministry in response to a request from Railways. “We are planning to visit China to get a first-hand experience about the workings of a railway university. China is far ahead in the world as far as teaching railway-related courses is concerned,” said a railway board official.
The Ministry is going to appoint EdCIL, an HRD-ministry controlled PSU that specializes in providing end-to-end solutions for setting up of the educational institutes. The contract with EdCIL is slated to be signed on September 30, the Cabinet Secretariat has been informed.
Building a university will require preparation of a Detailed Project Report, which EdCIL will help Railways make. A Cabinet note will be moved in this regard.
Subsequently, Railways with consultation with the HRD ministry will write a Bill enabling the creation of the new Railway university, which will be moved in Parliament.
The location of the proposed university is still under consideration. Ministry officials said that the choice of the location would depend on the advice from the HRD ministry and the EdCIL project report. “We would like it to be a city with ample connectivity by rail and air so that movement of faculty and facilities for students is not a constraint,” the official said. The facility is slated to offer undergraduate and post-graduate courses on railway engineering and management-related subjects.
Chinese firms fail to meet criteria, out of race to build 2 loco units in Bihar
New Delhi Chinese locomotive manufacturing majors CNR and CSR are officially out of the race to build two loco factories in Bihar’s Madhepura and Marhowra.
After delays, re-thinking and prolonged due diligence amid repeated revision of bidding documents, Railways has at last finalised the request for qualification (RFQ) for both the plants and rejected the two Chinese companies’ bids as they did not meet the criteria, a senior official confirmed.
For the diesel locomotive factory, GE and Electro Motive Diesel have been shortlisted, continued…

Tata Steel to Pay Over Rs. 193 Crore as BonusYou are here: Home Corporates
Tata Steel to Pay Over Rs 193 Crore as Bonus
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 08, 2014 09:06 (IST)
Banks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
Jamshedpur:
Private steel major Tata Steel will pay Rs 193.34 crore to its 30,269 eligible employees on account of annual bonus for the year 2013-14, with the maximum bonus being Rs 1,56,758.
A Memorandum of Settlement was signed today between company management and Tata Workers' Union for annual bonus, the company said in a statement.
The minimum and maximum annual bonus would be Rs 20,498 and Rs 1,56,758 respectively, it said.
Since majority of the employees are drawing salary/wages higher than the limit laid down in the Payment of Bonus Act, 1965, they are not eligible for bonus under the Act.
However, respecting the old tradition, the company is going to pay bonus to all employees in the unionised category, it said.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 09:04 (IST)

Microsoft revamps MSN news service to flow across devicesAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Beijing is marking the six month anniversary of MH370s disappearance by beating up passengers relativesFamily members of victims of flight MH370 burn incense in Beijing. Reuters/Kim Kyung-Hoon
SHARE
Heather Timmons @HeathaT
September 8, 2014
It has been six months today since Malaysia Airlines flight 370 disappeared  along with 227 passengers, 154 of them from China. Relatives of all of those onboard continue to be tormented by the lack of concrete information about what happened to the plane. But the Chinese families of victims are being targeted by their own government for expressing their grief and outrage—including being beaten and detained by police.
Things did not start this way. In the days after the disappearance of the plane, Chinese family members staged a rare public protest in Beijing that ended in front of the Malaysian Embassy, chanting “Liars, tell us the truth.” The fact that the protest continued unmolested through the streets of China’s capital city was widely interpreted as a sign that it had government backing.
But in the months since, the Chinese government has changed tactics. Police detained a group that went to Malaysia Airline’s office in Beijing demanding to see footage of passengers boarding a flight. They also beat at least two people who lost children on the flight, Reuters reported yesterday , putting one woman in the hospital for three days. “In the beginning, Beijing police were protecting us, but their attitude has completely changed,” one woman whose husband was on the flight told Reuters.
After gathering outside the Malaysia Airlines office in Beijing, “I was strangled by a tall officer and almost got choked,” a family member told the Guardian last week . “I tried to escape from him but about six or seven policemen came up and beat me.”
Making matters worse, the heavily patrolled official support center for victim’s families is located hours outside of Beijing. It is difficult for anyone with a full time job or who lives far outside of Beijing to visit. After a family of farmers who were relatives of victims sold their land and traveled to the center, they were arrested for trying to sleep there, witnesses told the Telegraph .
While beating and arresting the upset family members of victims of an airline tragedy sounds inexplicably cruel, it fits into the Communist Party’s mantra to silence all non-government organized dissent, as a recent study proved . Researchers with Harvard University, who set up fake social media accounts in China and published hundreds of comments and posts in 2013, found that China’s censors are less concerned about criticism of the government then they are about any posts that might lead to mass outrage and protests or other actions:
Criticisms of the state, its leaders, and their policies are routinely published, whereas posts with collective action potential are much more likely to be censored—regardless of whether they are for or against the state…Chinese people can write the most vitriolic blog posts about even the top Chinese leaders without fear of censorship, but if they write in support of or opposition to an ongoing protest—or even about a rally in favor of a popular policy or leader—they will be censored.
That attitude also helps to explain the Chinese government’s crackdown on “direct sales companies” that sometimes organize hundreds or thousands of enthusiastic salespeople under one roof, and crackdowns on activists who have similar goals to the government, like reducing pollution.
Not surprisingly, China’s state-run media has not reported on the poor treatment Chinese families of the victims of flight MH370 have suffered at the hands of police. And today’s six month anniversary is likely to pass in China without any ceremony to mark the occasion. Family members who were trying to organize one said they couldn’t get any hotel to take their reservation.
 

Pound slides on Scottish independence jittersLast updated: September 8, 2014 9:15 pm
Pound slips on Scottish independence jitters
By FT reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f4f8799e-3705-11e4-85be-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Natco Pharma extends gain; stock up another 4.5%SI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 12:20 PM IST
Natco Pharma extends gain; stock up another 4.5%
The gains came after US partner files ANDA for Everolimus
Natco Pharma surged over 4.5% to Rs 1,505 on news that its marketing partner in the US Breckenridge Pharmaceutical Inc (BPI) has filed an Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA) for Everolimus 0.25mg, 0.5mg, and 0.75mg Tablets.
"Natco and BPI believe that its Paragraph IV ANDA was filed on the First-to-File date and expects to be the only generic that is entitled to the 180-day exclusivity period," city-based Natco said in a filing with bourses.
The drug which is used to prevent organ rejection after a kidney or liver transplant, generated sales of USD 43.5 million for the twelve-month period ending July 2014, based on industry sales data, Natco said.
The stock opened at Rs 1,475 and hit a high of Rs 1,510 on the BSE. The volume spurted over three times in trades till 1200 hrs.
 Advertisements

Lack of green nod puts Maruti s Rs 2Kcr Rohtak plans in jamWe haven't made a Plan B [on the Gujarat plant vote]. I don't think it will go against us.
RC Bhargava
Chairman
Maruti Suzuki
In an exclusive interview, CNBC-TV18’s Shereen Bhan spoke with RC Bhargava, chairman of Maruti Suzuki India , to discuss the company’s upcoming plant in Gujarat, which attracted some controversy early this year, as well as its business plans with respect to new products and markets.
Below is the transcript of the interview on CNBC-TV18.
Q: Let me get you to address the news that is making headlines today and that is the fact that the Haryana government has halted everything at your R&D facility in Rohtak due to the lack of an environment clearance. This is not a new issue but do you believe that a resolution is now only possible post the Haryana elections once the new regime is in place?
A: I think a resolution is partly in the courts. The matter is sub judice so it is difficult to talk about the merits of the case. However, the answer ultimately will lie in some amendment to the environmental rules and regulations that were made by the previous government, which gave rise to this kind of situation.
Q: Let me ask you about the other issue which created controversy a couple of months ago and now of course is perhaps going to be voted on (by minority shareholders) very shortly from hereon -- the Gujarat contract agreement between you and Suzuki. I understand that you have been meeting investors: FIIs, domestic institutions. Where do things currently stand, have you been able to generate enough support?
A: We have met investors all over the world. All the major investors we have met in the US, UK, Hong Kong, Singapore and of course in India, mostly in Mumbai and Chennai. No investor has anything to say adverse against the proposed arrangement.
Q: So you have been able to convince them?
A: Foreign investors are almost 100 percent positive on this. Some of the Indian investors came up with two interesting things. One is they said we cannot believe that any arrangement of this kind can be a win-win for both parties because in this business, we think it is always a zero-sum game. They don't believe that it can be a win-win, which actually it is a win-win because it leverages the low cost money available in Japan.
Q: Are they expressing this reservation even after the reworked agreement that has been put out?
A: They just don't like to believe. The second thing is some of them think this gives us an opportunity to apply a little pressure on Maruti and do a little arm-twisting. So, while the main issue they won’t contest but for example they say, we want you to give higher dividend , declare a dividend policy and do something with Suzuki on royalty rates.
So, that kind of pressure is being brought. It has nothing to do with the subject of vote but the opportunity is being used to put pressure in other areas.
Q: Did you agree to revision as far as the royalty rates are concerned or on the dividend issue because, as you said, pressure is being built on you?
A: Suzuki had changed the royalty policy earlier because we had been discussing this for a long time. For all licence agreements of new products which we will sign hereafter, royalty will be expressed in rupees on the Indian price of the car. It means that what has been happening over the last four years in terms of the royalty being exposed to the yen fluctuation will cease. We will have certainty on the amount of royalty to be paid.
The second change that has also been made is that to the extent any future model there is an Indian content in the development -- in other words the Rohtak R&D will put in efforts into it -- to that extent, the royalty will be adjusted downwards.
Q: What kind of downward revision because now most of the products are being co-developed?
A: It will depend how much work is done here. For each product, this will have to be assessed and the amount worked out.
Q: Going back to the point that you mentioned that the royalty rate will now be determined on rupee terms as opposed to yen terms, again there are question marks on the decision because the view is that on account of what is happening with the yen versus the US dollar, this is a decision being taken once again to benefit Suzuki?
A: I don't think any company wants to take exchange rate risk. What we are doing by expressing the royalty in yen is that we are assuming the exchange rate risk. Nobody can predict where exchange rates will move over the long term. So the question is who should take the exchange rate risks? Early on, Suzuki was assuming the risk. When the government allowed a change in royalty, Suzuki went to the system of charging royalty in yen on the grounds that their R&D costs were in Yen and therefore they would like to get royalty in yen because the royalty is a kind of deferred payment on the cost of doing R&D.
However since we kept telling Suzuki that we are less able to handle this exchange rate risk, you have global operations and you are better able to sort of diversify your risks, we feel it is better you take the risks rather than us. So they finally agreed. Actually we have been discussing this with them for about one and half years that this exchange risk to us is…
Q: (Interrupts) what has been the reaction from investors as far as this particular change is concerned?
A: They are happy with this because at least they know what it is. The main thing in most of these investors is they want certainty about what is going to happen. They don't like volatility and a situation where they are not able to project what the margins would be or what the earnings will be because you can't do it if there is an exchange risk involved. At the moment, the yen has weakened but not all that much. It has gone from 100 to 105 today but what will happen three years from today, who can predict?
Q: So as far as the issue of royalty and dividend is concerned since you clearly said that that is being used to arm-twist you to get the support of domestic institutions. Minus that do you believe that you are going to be in trouble as far as domestic institutional support is concerned for Gujarat?
A: No, there is no issue raised. Almost everybody accepts that this is very much beneficial to Maruti. Nobody can actually point out a reason why it is not. All that they (domestic institutional investors) say is, yes, we recognise it is beneficial but we can't believe it is a win-win, so there must be something else which we don't know.
Q: So when does this come up for vote. I believe you are looking at the possibility of October?
A: It is one of the possibilities but it is not yet decided. We have yet to take a view on when would be the right time.
Q: What are you waiting for? Are you waiting to try and muster up more support?
A: No, we don't think there is more support. We have met everybody, so that story is over.
Q: The LICs of the world are onboard?
A: We have had three meetings with LIC and they seem to be quite onboard.
Q: If the minority vote goes against you -- and we have seen a fair degree of activism especially in the last couple of months -- is there a plan B?
A: We haven't made a plan B yet.
Q: But don't you think you may need to keep a plan B in place in case the minority vote goes against you?
A: No, I don't think we need a plan B. I don't think it will go against us.
Q: You are absolutely certain about that?
A: That is our judgement. That it can't go against us. It will be too perverse to go against us.
Q: So if not October, what is the earliest that we can actually see this go to vote?
A: I can't give you a date yet.
Q: Any particular reason why there is still some doubt on when this is actually going to go to vote?
A: No, but we have to see what the correct timing for doing this is going to be.
Q: Are you pushing back the plans as far as commissioning Gujarat is concerned?
A: No, that is carrying on as we had planned. In any case Maruti can continue to invest there and when the vote takes place after that we will just transfer all that to Suzuki and they will reimburse the money.
Q: But you are not reviewing your plans on commissioning Gujarat at this point in time. It is on track and on schedule?
A: No. The recent news report was strange news because we have said we should commission it by 2017 at least for the last year and half. So why suddenly somebody would say we postponed it by a year now, I am not sure. In any case earlier date was 2015. So if we postponed it is two years, not one year.
Q: Do you believe that there is a fear that you may be spreading yourself to thin in light commercial vehicles (LCVs), sport utility vehicle (SUVs)? You are of course the small car specialist, that is where your bulk of money comes in from.
A: SUV is very much a part of our car segment. So that is natural course of development for us
Q: Except that you had a disastrous launch, the relaunch in that segment with the Vitara?
A: Sorry, we have never been in the SUV segment.
Q: Why, the Vitara is an SUV?
A: That is a 100 percent imported SUV at a price the same on par with the Honda CRVs and how many do they sell. But the big domestic market for SUVs is over 500,000 today. It constitutes about 21 percent of the car market. So we are number one player in India. Can we afford not to be in 21 percent of the market and leave it to anybody who wants to get in the market? People are getting into it, the domestic and foreign players. So what is special about Hyundai or a Ford or a GM that they should get into the SUV market and we shouldn’t.
Q: So, how soon are we going to see the Maruti SUVs localised, priced for the Indian market out in the market?
A: The first SUV we will see in the first half of next year.
Q: And what kind of pricing are you looking at?
A: It will be in the same segment as the Duster. So it has to be priced competitively with the Duster.
Q: What kind of margins will you enjoy on those kind of products?
A: I don’t know at this point. A second SUV will happen one year after that which will be the compact SUV and that being in the same segment as the Honda Mobilio. We will have to price competitively that way. So pricing has to be competitive.
Q: Let me ask you about the light commercial vehicle (LCV) plans and how soon we are actually going to see you put that out into the market as well and what the strategy is going to be there?
A: The LCV is due again early next year, first half of next year but our marketing strategy there is still being evolved I don’t think we are going to launch the SUV across the country in one go. We are going to go a little bit gradually in spreading its coverage because it is a product and a segment, which we have never entered before.
The sale of LCVs is to a different class of customer. It requires the sales and service organisation a different mindset and we need to learn that.
So we don’t think we should in that area spread ourselves too thin by trying to cover all parts of India in one go.
Q: So you will set up specific dealers so on and so forth?
A: We will go slowly and keep acquiring knowledge and skills on how to sell this product and ensure that when we give the product to a customer he remains a happy customer after that. So it will take a little time to cover all of India. It is not something we are going to rush into.
Q: But again, what is the strategy as far as these new markets are concerned in terms of profitability?
A: We never do a product -- knowingly at least -- which is not profitable and the SUV will conform to our minimum standards of profitability, we will always look for that.
The Gypsy was also in a sense in the SUV segment. But it had a very limited market, it was four wheel drive, it was petrol.
The problem in India is that the SUV segment is totally diesel. We couldn’t enter this segment earlier because we didn’t have diesel options. So the reason we have delayed entry into the SUV is not that we didn’t recognise that this is a sector we should be in.
Suzuki is in the SUV sector the world over, but they couldn’t succeed in India because of the fuel issues. But now that the diesel issue has been sorted out and we have a diesel engine, we are entering the SUV segment. The only new segment is that LCV.
Q: On the LCV again, because it is already a business where there are a lot of entrenched players in the market. So you are not going to be the first mover in that sense. What kind of profitability can you expect there?
A: Again the same question of getting the minimum return on our investment. We won’t enter a segment if we didn’t think we could make a profit. So we will aim to get the kind of profit we are getting on other products but as I said we will go slowly in this segment.
So it may take a little time to get to the full profit levels but we don’t see any reason why once we have fully got the hang of this business, the SUV segment should not be as profitable as the car segment.
Maruti Suzuki stock price
On September 10, 2014, Maruti Suzuki India closed at Rs 2910.30, down Rs 0.65, or 0.02 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 2963.70 and the 52-week low was Rs 1301.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 96.45 per share as per the quarter ended March 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 30.17. The latest book value of the company is Rs 694.45 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.19.
RELATED NEWS

Maha polls: Ajit Pawar plays down Cong-NCP rift over seat-sharingMaharashtra deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar on Monday sought to play down differences between NCP and Congress over seat-sharing. (File Photo)
Press Trust of India | Pune | Posted: September 8, 2014 1:32 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 1:39 pm
Even as the rift between Congress and NCP on the issue of seat-sharing for the upcoming Maharashtra Assembly elections remained wide open, state Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar on Monday sought to play down differences between the two coalition partners.
Asked whether the Democratic Front (DF) alliance of the two parties would be intact to fight together the October polls, Pawar said, “There is nothing to worry on that count.”
The NCP leader, who spoke informally to reporters after performing ‘Aarti’ at a Ganesh temple on the day of immersion, said in a lighter vein, “Let us have a positive thinking today as we are bidding adieu to Lord Ganesh.”
Both Congress and NCP, which have ruled in the state for over a decade, have been at loggerheads of late with a satisfactory seat-sharing formula still evading the two parties that received a severe drubbing in the Lok Sabha elections held in May this year.
The insistence of NCP on getting 144 out of 288 seats has been the main stumbling block in the negotiations with Congress stubbornly refusing to leave more than 114 seats for its partner, sticking to the last Assembly elections’ formula.
NCP chief Sharad Pawar had recently, however, hinted that both the parties would need to adopt a flexible approach in the “larger interests” (to keep away ‘communal forces’ from power) of the state.

BHEL Bags Order From NPTI For Operating Training SimulatorYou are here: Home Corporates
BHEL Bags Order From NPTI For Operating Training Simulator
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 08, 2014 14:01 (IST)
Banks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
Bangalore:
Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited's city-based Electronics Division has bagged an order from National Power Training Institute for design, engineering, testing, supply, installation and commissioning of Operator Training Simulator for 800MW Super Critical Power Plant, the company said today.
The simulator is proposed to be set up at NPTI's Power Training Institute located at Faridabad in Haryana, BHEL said in a release.
The order has been bagged against stiff International Competitive Bidding. NTPC is the consultant for this project, it added.
Stating that BHEL-Electronics division has entered into the field of Operator Training Simulators (OTS) for coal fired power plants since 2010, the company said the division has executed more than 20 contracts for Operator Training Simulators.
It said BHEL has supplied Simulators for various thermal generation capacities ranging from 270MW to 600MW.
This also includes Simulators for Turbine and its Secondary Cycle for Atomic Power Plant. BHEL is also implementing simulator of 800 MW for APGENCO Krishnapatnam for which implementation is under progress, it added.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 14:00 (IST)

Dahej unit to boost company financials: Insecticides IndiaThis year we are expecting around 75 percent capacity utilisation from Dahej.
Sandeep Aggarwal
CFO
Insecticides India
SBI Cap Securities has initiated a buy on  Insecticides India with an aggressive target of Rs 898.
To discuss further outlook of the company, Vivek Kumar of SBI Cap Securities and Sandeep Aggarwal, CFO of Insecticides India spoke to CNBC-TV18’s Reema Tendulkar and Sumaira Abidi.
According to Vivek Kumar the rationale for this aggressive target is based on meaningful improvement in financials for the company led mainly by Dahej facility with improved capacity utilisations. They expect the capacity utilisation to go up from the current 35 percent to 55 percent and then 75 percent in the next two years at Dahej.
Sandeep Aggarwal, CFO of Insecticides India says the capacity utilisation from the Dahej unit would be around 75 percent and expect the unit to add to the financials of the company in a big way.
Aggarwal is also upbeat on the company's speciality portfolio mix of  new products like Hakama, Pulser and Nuvan which are high margin patented molecules.
Below is the transcript of Vivek Kumar and Sandeep Aggarwal’s interview to CNBC-TV18’s Sumaira Abidi and Reema Tendulkar
Reema: You recently initiated coverage on Insecticides India with a very aggressive target price which implies nearly a 40 percent upside from current levels. Take us through the key rationale behind this bullishness?
Kumar: We have highlighted in our report that we look forward to a very compelling valuation case. This is essentially going to be driven by number one - there is a large scale benefits from Dahej which will start accruing right from the current year itself and from the current capacity utilisation which is odd around 35 percent. We see the capacity utilisation to go up to 55 percent and then to about 75 percent in next two years time frame.
Our explicit analysis suggests that the overall contribution from the Dahej facility itself can add about 30 percent to the overall projected EBITDA of FY17 from the current year of EBITDA losses. So a meaningful share of the growth is going to be coming from Dahej itself.
Number two, the company till date did not have very significant capacities into the technicals and if you have to have a strong brand and strong capabilities one needs to get evaluated on the technical capabilities as well which Dahej would bring on the floor.
Apart from that what we see is that in terms of the overall product portfolio mix, we see a strong case wherein last year they have added about three products in their speciality portfolio – Hakama, Pulser and Nuvan. Some of these products are definitely tied up through one of the Japanese companies. So 3 percent of the overall contribution that we see coming from the speciality portfolio is going to grow upto 30 percent by FY17.
These speciality portfolios are the patented molecules have the ability to give a higher margin to the extent of two-three times higher margin compared with the composite average of the company.
Sumaira: Some of the concerns which are there is the deterioration in your balance sheet, there is also currency volatility, the overall slowdown in the economy etc. What is your best case scenario for FY15?
Aggarwal: Till last year we were investing lot of money in mixed assets, lot of capacity we had already built. So from this year onwards, right from April we have started utilising the capacities, basically from Dahej. Most of the money has gone in Dahej, so this year we are hopeful that by the end of Q2 we will achieve breakeven from Dahej plant and after that the company will grow with very good bottom-line also.
Reema: Breakeven by the end of Q2 - so thereafter what can be the kind of profitability?
Aggarwal: Overall, we are expecting to improve our net profit by around 1 percent this year on a consolidated basis.
Reema: But for Dahej in particular if you could tell us may be in terms of utilisation how much can it go up by?
Aggarwal: This year we are expecting around 75 percent capacity utilisation from Dahej.
Reema: The report was also talking about the possibility of any strategic tie-ups, is that something that Insecticides India will be considering or have you already shortlisted any tie-ups?
Aggarwal: We have not short listed any tie-ups for any strategic partnership but we are just doing the tie-ups for these new products which last year we had taken from Nissan and some more products are in line.
Sumaira: Is there any capex plan that you have lined up or is it almost done now?
Aggarwal: Not yet.
Reema: So if there are no capex plans can you tell us how much the RoCE can improve, any numbers?
Aggarwal: Definitely it will improve in the coming two-three years. We would like to grow around 18-20 percent.
Insecticides stock price
On September 10, 2014, Insecticides India closed at Rs 771.80, up Rs 28.05, or 3.77 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 809.45 and the 52-week low was Rs 203.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 34.02 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 22.69. The latest book value of the company is Rs 194.40 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 3.97.
RELATED NEWS

SBI launches multi-currency international debit cardSBI launches multi-currency international card
Beena Parmar
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 8:  
State Bank of India (SBI) in tie-up with MasterCard on Monday launched its first multi-currency international card to allow consumers to use a single card to pay in multiple currencies.
“To begin with, the prepaid card will enable customers to load four currencies – US dollar, euro, Great Britain pound and Singapore dollar. More currencies will be added going forward as the card has the facility to be loaded up to 12 currencies, S K Mishra, Deputy Managing Director, SBI, said.
Mishra added that outbound travel from India is growing with 35 million people travelling outside India. “This is expected to grow to 50 million in 2020. Consumers expect smart products to address their travel needs. The multi-currency foreign travel card gives an option to load currencies of choice at SBI’s branch network,” he said.
At present, the card can be issued at an annual fee of Rs 100 without any interchange fee to customers. Customers will have to pay the traditional ATM withdrawal charges of $1.75 in the US, €1.5 in Europe, £1.25 in Britain and S$2 in Singapore.
The card is aimed at corporates and professionals, tourists and students travelling abroad and will be available at 100 SBI branches in four major cities.
The chip and pin security card also has additional features of a call centre and complimentary emergency assistance and is backed by MasterCard’s network of nearly 36 million merchant establishments and 1.9 million ATMs globally.
Correction
SBI's new travel product is not a debit card. This copy has been modified to remove the word 'debit' in the headline and text.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Apollo Hospitals explores partnerships in BahrainHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Apollo Hospitals explores partnerships in Bahrain
PTI
Tweet
Dubai, Sept 8:  
India’s Apollo Hospitals is exploring partnership opportunities in the super—specialty sector of the healthcare industry in Bahrain, a top official of the company has said.
“Bahrain has world—class quality of healthcare. However, there are medical disciplines where Apollo has proven expertise in innovative therapies and that is where we feel we can collaborate,” the company’s executive Vice—Chairperson Shobana Kamineni said.
The Chennai—based healthcare major currently has more than 10,000 beds across 51 hospitals, more than 1,500 pharmacies, over 100 primary care and diagnostic clinics and 115 telemedicine units across nine countries.
“Our hospitals are multi—specialty tertiary care facilities with centres of excellence in disciplines including cardiology, cardio—thoracic surgery, gastroenterology, orthopaedics and joint replacement surgery, neurology, critical care medicine, nephrology, oncology, hand and micro—surgery and reproductive medicine,” Kamineni told the Gulf Daily News.
Cadila keen to set up base
Meanwhile, Cadila Pharmaceuticals, a Gujarat—based major manufacturer of generic drugs, is also looking to start manufacturing in the region.
“We are scouting for partners with strong local presence and credentials in the industry or allied activities,” Cadila Chairman and Managing Director Rajiv Modi told the newspaper.
“Indian pharma considers the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) a high growth market because the governments here are opting for increased generic substitution. There is a large demographic with high purchasing power and an increase in the burden of lifestyle diseases,” Modi was quoted by the newspaper as saying.
On the sidelines of the ‘Diaspora Engagement Meet’ held in the Gulf country, Modi said the company was not only keen to sell its pharmaceutical product basket in Bahrain but also start manufacturing in the region.
The company has already got approvals from Gulf Central Committee for Drug Registrations for many of its drugs.
He said Bahrain, with its competitive cost and ease of doing business advantages, was at the top of his list of locations where a plant could be set up.
India is believed to be the third—largest exporter of active pharmaceutical ingredients and exports are expected to amount to $25 billion by the end of the year.
The ‘Diaspora Engagement Meet’ was organized by Overseas Indian Facilitation Centre (OIFC) in Manama and was inaugurated by Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

LVB hikes interest rate on savings accounts with over 1 lakh balanceLVB hikes interest rate on savings accounts with over 1 lakh balance
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 8:  
Lakshmi Vilas Bank has revised the interest rates on savings bank accounts with an account balance of Rs one lakh and above to 5 per cent from 4 per cent.
“An increased rate of 5 per cent will be offered to all customers on entire balance (Rs one lakh and above), calculated on a daily basis. It means that even if a customer keeps balance of Rs. 1 lakh and above in his savings bank account for a single day, he will be paid interest at the rate of 5 per cent per annum for that day,” the old generation private sector bank said in a statement.
The Karur (Tamil Nadu) headquartered bank has operations spread over a network of 362 branches (with 8 extension counters) in 15 states and the Union Territory of Puducherry, supervised by 8 Regional Offices. It has about 635 ATMs.
The private sector bank had an asset size of about Rs 20,000 crore as on March-end 2014.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

FTSE slips further from highs on Scotland opinion poll jittersFTSE slips further from highs on Scotland opinion poll jitters
Reuters
Tweet
London, Sept 8:  
Britain’s top share index slipped further away from a 14-1/2 year high on Monday, with the first opinion poll lead for supporters of Scottish independence raising political uncertainty and hurting investors’ sentiment.
Companies more exposed to Scotland were among the worst hit. Weir Group, Royal Bank of Scotland, Lloyds, Standard Life, SSE and Aberdeen Asset Management, down 1.3 to 2.8 per cent, were among the top decliners on the benchmark FTSE 100 index.
With less than two weeks to go before the September 18 vote, the poll put the “yes’’ to independence campaign on 51 per cent against the “no’’ camp on 49 per cent, overturning a 22-point lead for the unionist campaign in just a month, a YouGov survey for the Sunday Times newspaper said.
The British Government was scrambling to respond by promising a range of new powers for Scotland if it chooses to stay within the United Kingdom.
“With uncertainty hated by investors, the latest poll in Scotland is heaping pressure on investors. The future for British banks, Lloyds and RBS, is raising questions, whilst the key question of currency remains significantly up in the air," Keith Bowman, equity analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, said.
“For now, with the vote less than two weeks away, the UK stock market faces a difficult time, with investors playing cautiously, booking profits where possible.’’
The blue-chip FTSE 100 index was down 0.4 per cent at 6,829.64 points by 0747 GMT after hitting a 14-1/2 year high last week. The index is up just 1.3 per cent so far this year.
However, some analysts said that a weaker sterling following the political uncertainty would be good for the FTSE 100 index. The UK currency fell 1 per cent against the dollar to hit a near 10-month low early on Monday.
“The increasing possibility of a ‘yes’ will weaken sterling further, in our view, and this could be good news for UK equities in aggregate, with a majority of revenues derived from abroad,’’ Gerard Lane, equity strategist at Shore Capital, said.
“We favour those names with US economic exposure as it appears to us that the US has the quickest economic momentum.’’
Among individual sharp movers, Associated British Foods fell 4 per cent despite maintaining its annual earnings guidance, with a good finish to the year from discount fashion chain Primark offsetting continued weakness in the group's sugar operations.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

M.P. announces Rs 5 cr aid for flood-hit J&KM.P. announces Rs 5 cr aid for flood-hit J&K
PTI
Tweet
Bhopal, Sept 8:  
Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan today announced an aid of Rs 5 crore to flood—ravaged Jammu and Kashmir.
“Our brothers and sisters of J&K are facing unprecedented hardships due to floods. Madhya Pradesh pledges immediate assistance of Rs 5 crore for relief,” the Chief Minister said in a tweet.
Chouhan also appealed to the people of Madhya Pradesh to contribute generously to help the people of Jammu and Kashmir.
“I appeal to all citizens of M.P. to come forward and contribute to the relief effort in J&K. As countrymen we shall stand firmly together,” the Chief Minister said in another tweet.
TN announces Rs 5 cr assistance
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa today announced an assistance of Rs 5 crore to flood—ravaged Jammu and Kashmir and offered to extend any other assistance required.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Bharat Forge sells 50% stake in Impact Automotive SolutionsPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 01:35 PM IST
Bharat Forge sells 50% stake in Impact Automotive Solutions
Auto components firm Bharat Forge has sold 50 per cent stake in its joint venture company Impact Automotive Solutions Ltd for Rs 10.80 crore.  "The company has divested its 50 per cent stake in Impact Automotive Solutions Ltd," Bharat Forge said in a BSE filing today.  The JV, with KPIT Technologies, was formed in 2010 to manufacture hybrid solutions for automobiles.  "The stake was sold by the company to the other JV partner KPIT Technologies for Rs 10.80 crore against an initial investment of
Auto components firm Bharat Forge has sold 50 per cent stake in its joint venture company Impact Automotive Solutions Ltd for Rs 10.80 crore.
"The company has divested its 50 per cent stake in Impact Automotive Solutions Ltd," Bharat Forge said in a BSE filing today.
The JV, with KPIT Technologies, was formed in 2010 to manufacture hybrid solutions for automobiles.
"The stake was sold by the company to the other JV partner KPIT Technologies for Rs 10.80 crore against an initial investment of Rs 14.91 crore," it added.
Under terms of the JV, KPIT licensed the technology to the JV, while Bharat Forge brought in essential manufacturing know-how, assembly capabilities and integration expertise.
Shares of Bharat Forge were trading at Rs 862.10 apiece in the afternoon trade, up 0.43 per cent from its previous close on the BSE.
 Advertisements

NSE Nifty hits record high  above 8 150Market update: Sensex, Nifty end at new peak, up 1 per cent each
Agencies     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 17:56 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
After two-day of small correction, both the roaring key indices, Sensex and Nifty, went berserk, scaling their fresh historic peaks and rocketed by over one per cent each to register their new highs of 27,319.85 and 8,173.90 respectively on enhancing confidence among investors on sustained buying by foreign funds and fall in crude prices.
The benchmark S&P Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Monday resumed strong on the back of rally on Wall Street last Friday to log a life-time closing high of 27,319.85.
The 30-share barometer gradually moved up further to an intra-trade peak of 27,354.99 before spurting by 293.15 points, or 1.08 per cent, to end at a new high. In the last two trading sessions , it had risen by 113.33 points or 0.42 per cent.
Tracking the same trend, the broad-based 50-share Nifty of the National Stock Exchange (NSE) also commenced higher and rallied further to hit a new intra-day peak of 8,180.20 before recording new closing high of 8,173.90, up by 87.05 points (or 1.08 per cent).
Oil & Gas shares were at the forefront after fall in global crude oil prices after subdued US jobs data fuelled demand concerns and a cease-fire between Russia and Ukraine.
Brent crude oil for October settlement was trading above US $100 a barrel.
It will help the country to contain current account deficit and fiscal deficit. The country imports nearly 80 per cent of its crude oil requirements.
Persistant buying by foreign funds was the major force behind the current rally. The data showed that FPIs/FIIs bought shares worth Rs 4,813.38 crore last week, including provisional data of September 5.
Buying was seen in most of the sectors, as 11 out of 12 sectoral indices gained between 0.26 per cent and 1.79 per cent with Oil&Gas, FMCG, Bankex, Metal and IT shares taking the lead.
Tyre shares were in the limelight on hopes that recent sharp fall in rubber prices could boost the profitability of these companies. Apollo Tyres , Ceat Tyres, Dunlop India, Falcon Tyre, Goodyear India, JK Tyres, MRF and TVS Shrichakra closed strong between 4.92 per cent and 20.00 per cent.
Refinery shares were also attracted good buying support on fall in crude prices amid hopes of further reforms. HPCL, BPCL, Castrol, IOC, ONGC, Oil India, Cairn and RIL rose between 1.65 per cent and 4.32 per cent.
Meanwhile, investors got rich by almost Rs 1.25 lakh crore on Monday.
Mr Jignesh Chaudhary, Head of Research, Veracity Broking Services said, "Today Indian equity opened positively followed by the Rupee appreciation, positive sentiments in the global equities. Today indices posted new all time high with the help of blue chip companies which closed positively."
There was no major trigger from Asian markets, as China, South Korea and Taiwan were closed today for holiday while indices from Hong Kong eased by 0.20 per cent and Taiwan rose by 0.23 per cent. European stocks too were trading lower in their late morning deals. The CAC was down by 0.25 per cent, the DAX by 0.06 per cent and the FTSE by 0.69 per cent.
Overall, 26 of the 30-share sensex-based counters closed with gains while M&M, NTPC, Tata Power and HDFC finished with losses.
Major gainers were Hindalco (3.49 per cent), ONGC (2.78 per cent), SBI (1.94 per cent), HDFC Bank (1.80 per cent), Wipro (1.66 per cent), HUL (1.65 per cent), TCS (1.50 per cent), Infosys (1.29 per cent), RIL (1.19 per cent), Axis Bank (1.18 per cent), Maruti (1.12 per cent), Cipla, (1.09 per cent), L&T (1.02 per cent) , SSLT (0.98 per cent), Sun Pharma (0.96 per cent) and ITC (0.96 per cent).
Among the S&P BSE Sectoral indices, Oil&Gas firmed up by 1.79 per cent, FMCG by 1.40 per cent, followed by Bankex (1.38 per cent), CG (1.29 per cent), Metal (1.25 per cent), IT (1.22 per cent) and Teck (1.20 per cent).
Reflecting the rally in second-line stocks with their indices BSE-Smallcap and BSE-Midcap outperforming the sensex and closed strong by 2.11 per cent and 1.29 per cent, resulting the total market to remain strong as 2,081 stocks closed in the green while 947 settled in the red.

India s rank slip on effective stock mkt reg...India slips in global ranking on effective stock market regulation
PTI Sep 8, 2014, 02.35PM IST
Tags:
benchmark
(The findings are part of…)
NEW DELHI: Indian capital markets may be riding high on positive investor sentiments, but the latest report by World Economic Forum (WEF) shows that the country has plunged 35 places to 62nd rank in terms of effective regulation of the stock exchanges.
The country, last year, stood at the 27th spot for effective regulation and supervision of securities exchanges.
South Africa is on the top followed by Finland, Hong Kong SAR, Luxembourg and Singapore in this category, says the report.
Besides, neighbouring countries Pakistan and China are also placed at a better position than India on the parameter at 51 and 58 position respectively.
The findings are part of WEF's Global Competitiveness report 2014-15, where India has been ranked among a total 144 countries across the globe.
The performance review was based on 12 pillars including development of the financial markets. A value of 1 for regulation of exchanges implies 'not at all effective' while 7 represents 'extremely effective'.
Meanwhile, the country has also slipped to the 39th place from 18th rank in terms of easiness for companies to raise money by issuing shares on the stock market , the report said.
Hong Kong SAR followed by Taiwan, China and South Africa were found to be countries where raising money through equity markets was the easiest.
Meanwhile, India has shown improvement with regard to strength of investor protection.
The country has been ranked at 34th place along with Pakistan, Montenegro and Chile, among others, in the report.
WEF's last year report had ranked India at 41st position with regard to 'strength in investor protection'.
A host of positive developments on domestic as well as global front has helped the Indian capital markets go on winning spree in the recent times.
According to a report by Bank of America Merrill Lynch, the Indian benchmark Sensex is the best performing index among major global markets so far in 2014 and is expected to double over the next four years.
Continuing their record setting spree, both the benchmark indices, Sensex and Nifty surged to their historic intra-day peaks of 27,225.85 and Nifty 8,141.90 last week on aggressive buying as a result of strong foreign capital inflows on the back of robust economic growth.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jammu and Kashmir Floods: Death and Destruction in PicturesJammu and Kashmir Floods: Death and Destruction in Pictures
Synergy Property ties up with Malaysian firmHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Synergy Property ties up with Malaysian firm
Anil Urs
Tweet
Bangalore, Sept 8:  
Synergy Property Development Services, a Bangalore-based project management consulting and turnkey solutions company, has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Malaysia-based HSSI, a engineering consultancy practices company, for a strategic partnership to collaborate on real estate and infrastructure development projects in Malaysia, South East and Far East Asia.
The MoU, which was signed by Synergy Chairman and Managing Director Sankey Prasad and HSSI CEO B Nitchiananthan, entails that both the organisations will collaborate on services rendered for a range of projects.
The projects will include not only commercial buildings, residential spaces, hotels, and hospitals, but also large infrastructure projects like seaports, airports, highways, and power stations, that will come up in Malaysia, South-East Asia and Far East Asia.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Audio

Apollo Hospitals explore partnerships in BahrainPress Trust of India |  Dubai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 02:10 PM IST
Apollo Hospitals explore partnerships in Bahrain
India's Apollo Hospitals is exploring partnership opportunities in the super-specialty sector of the healthcare industry in Bahrain, a top official of the company has said.
India's Apollo Hospitals is exploring partnership opportunities in the super-specialty sector of the healthcare industry in Bahrain, a top official of the company has said.
"Bahrain has world-class quality of healthcare. However, there are medical disciplines where Apollo has proven expertise in innovative therapies and that is where we feel we can collaborate," the company's executive Vice-Chairperson Shobana Kamineni said.
The Chennai-based healthcare major currently has more than 10,000 beds across 51 hospitals, more than 1,500 pharmacies, over 100 primary care and diagnostic clinics and 115 telemedicine units across nine countries.
"Our hospitals are multi-specialty tertiary care facilities with centres of excellence in disciplines including cardiology, cardio-thoracic surgery, gastroenterology, orthopaedics and joint replacement surgery, neurology, critical care medicine, nephrology, oncology, hand and micro-surgery and reproductive medicine," Kamineni told the Gulf Daily News.
Meanwhile, Cadila Pharmaceuticals, a Gujarat-based major manufacturer of generic drugs, is also looking to start manufacturing in the region.
"We are scouting for partners with strong local presence and credentials in the industry or allied activities," Cadila Chairman and Managing Director Dr Rajiv Modi told the newspaper.
"Indian pharma considers the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) a high growth market because the governments here are opting for increased generic substitution. There is a large demographic with high purchasing power and an increase in the burden of lifestyle diseases," Dr Modi was quoted by the newspaper as saying.
On the sidelines of the 'Diaspora Engagement Meet' held in the Gulf country, Modi said the company was not only keen to sell its pharmaceutical product basket in Bahrain but also start manufacturing in the region.
The company has already got approvals from Gulf Central Committee for Drug Registrations for many of its drugs.
He said Bahrain, with its competitive cost and ease of doing business advantages, was at the top of his list of locations where a plant could be set up.
India is believed to be the third-largest exporter of active pharmaceutical ingredients and exports are expected to amount to $25 billion by the end of the year.
The 'Diaspora Engagement Meet' was organized by Overseas Indian Facilitation Centre (OIFC) in Manama and was inaugurated by Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj.
 Advertisements

Rupee to trade range-bound  RBI to buy $40 bn by Mar-16Rupee to hold at 58-62 level, RBI to buy $40 bn by March 2016: BofA-ML
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 15:26 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The rupee, notwithstanding the appreciation in the US dollar, is expected to trade in the 58-62 range supported by softening of global oil prices and curbs on gold imports, says a report by Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
The global brokerage firm further said that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) would need to raise US $40 billion by March 2016, just to maintain import cover at the present eight months.
It said the factors that are supporting the domestic unit include softening of oil prices, the continuation of gold import curbs and rising Foreign Institutional Investor (FII) equity inflows.
"We expect the RBI to hold Rs 58-62/USD for now even though the US Dollar has strengthened below 1.30/Euro," BofA-ML said in a research note, adding that rising FII equity inflows at US $9.6 billion so far this fiscal has also led to a helping hand to the rupee.
The rupee on Monday recovered by 15 paise to 60.24 against the dollar in early trade on increased selling of the American unit by exporters and banks amid sustained foreign fund inflows.
"We continue to expect RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan to buy FX at Rs 58+/USD to guard against contagion," the report noted.
Rajan has also said that RBI is preparing for any rate hikes by the US Federal Reserve by building an adequate level of foreign exchange.
"Any emerging market today is going to look at the currency volatility and say 'whatever money comes in, I'm going to be careful about it, I'm going to build some reserves..." he had said in Chicago last week.
According to the BofA-ML report, restrictions on gold imports is expected to contain the current account deficit at 1.7 per cent of GDP in FY15.
The rupee would price-in the eventual liberalisation of gold imports and this in turn would push up the current account deficit to 2.4 per cent of GDP in FY16, especially if pent up demand leads to a jump in gold imports, it added.
According to BofA-ML gold price is expected to be at US $1375/oz in 2015.

Navy joins flood rescue mission in J&KIndian laborers carry relief material for flood-affected victims in Poonch, around 276 kilometers from Jammu,. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Jammu | Posted: September 8, 2014 3:04 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 3:06 pm
On Monday Navy commandos joined the massive rescue operations being carried out by the Army, Air Force and NDRF in flooded parts of Kashmir Valley, rescuing around 200 stranded people on the Srinagar-Sopore Highway.
Deployed for the first time to carry out rescue efforts n the flood-hit state, Naval marine commandos have rescued people caught in flood waters at Haigaon on the Srinagar–Sopore Highway, an Army official said.
“Rescue efforts are now continuing near Pantha Chowk, Srinagar,” he said.
Naval diving teams are also on standby at New Delhi, Mumbai and Vishakhapatnam for the rescue efforts. A medical team is standby at Delhi for immediate deployment.
The Army and IAF have, meanwhile, extended rescue and relief operation to South Kashmir.
Helicopters have airlifted four boats and a medical team to Anantnag district in South Kashmir, a Defence Spokesman
said.
The weather being clear, a number of helicopters have been pressed into action to transport rescue and relief material to isolated areas of South Kashmir, he said.
Relief camps have also been set up at Avantipur and Anantnag to help the flood-hit people, the spokesman said.
Heavy floods have wreaked havoc in Jammu and Kashmir, leaving nearly 150 people dead.

Effective stock market regulation: India slips in global rankingPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 2:52 pm
Indian capital markets may be riding high on positive investor sentiments, but the latest report by World Economic Forum (WEF) shows that the country has plunged 35 places to 62nd rank in terms of effective regulation of the stock exchanges.
The country, last year, stood at the 27th spot for effective regulation and supervision of securities exchanges.
South Africa is on the top followed by Finland, Hong Kong SAR, Luxembourg and Singapore in this category, says the report.
Besides, neighbouring countries Pakistan and China are also placed at a better position than India on the parameter at 51 and 58 position respectively.
The findings are part of WEF’s Global Competitiveness report 2014-15, where India has been ranked among a total 144 countries across the globe.
The performance review was based on 12 pillars including development of the financial markets. A value of 1 for regulation of exchanges implies ‘not at all effective’ while 7 represents ‘extremely effective’.
Meanwhile, the country has also slipped to the 39th place from 18th rank in terms of easiness for companies to raise money by issuing shares on the stock market, the report said.
Hong Kong SAR followed by Taiwan, China and South Africa were found to be countries where raising money through equity markets was the easiest.
Meanwhile, India has shown improvement with regard to strength of investor protection.
The country has been ranked at 34th place along with Pakistan, Montenegro and Chile, among others, in the report.
WEF’s last year report had ranked India at 41st position with regard to ‘strength in investor protection’.
A host of positive developments on domestic as well as global front has helped the Indian capital markets go on winning spree in the recent times.
According to a report by Bank of America Merrill Lynch, the Indian benchmark Sensex is the best performing index among major global markets so far in 2014 and is expected to double over the next four years.
Continuing their record setting spree, both the benchmark indices, Sensex and Nifty surged to their historic intra-day peaks of 27,225.85 and Nifty 8,141.90 last week on aggressive buying as a result of strong foreign capital inflows on the back of robust economic growth.

Protests in Pak caused Rs 547 bn economic lo...Imran Khan
(Out of the total, Rs 228…)
ISLAMABAD: Anti-government protests in Pakistan have hampered growth with authorities estimating Rs 547 billion losses to the economy and Rs 5 million worth damage to public property, according to a media report.
The sit-ins organised by Imran Khan's Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaaf ( PTI ) and cleric Tahir-ul-Qadri's Pakistan Awami Tehreek have also resulted in the cancellation of a visit by Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa and postponement of Chinese President Xi Jinping's maiden visit.
"The international image of Pakistan has considerably been shattered," the government said in a response to the Supreme Court on Thursday when asked about the losses due to the protests.
Last week, the Supreme Court had asked Attorney General of Pakistan (AGP) Salman Aslam Butt to submit details of financial losses as well as losses to public property, killings and expenditure on law and order in lieu of the protests in Islamabad.
The government has so far estimated overall losses to the economy at Rs 547 billion, the Express News reported.
Out of the total, Rs 228 billion have been estimated on account of 4.3 per cent depreciation in the value of Pakistani rupee against the US dollar, the report said.
Another Rs 319 billion was estimated due to decline witnessed in the stock market. However, the Karachi Stock Exchange has now entered the recovery mode on the back of reports suggesting that the contesting parties have agreed to resolve the issue through dialogue, it said.
The government has also claimed that political uncertainty has adversely affected financial markets and foreign currency reserves have declined to $13.52 billion from the $13.926 billion in the week that ended on August 15.
The additional cost of security has been estimated at Rs 357.6 million. An amount of Rs 226.8 million has already been released, while ministry of interior has requested Rs 130.6 million additional funds as of August 29, the report said.
The damage to public property has been estimated at Rs 5 million by the Capital Development Authority, it said.
The equipment of state-owned Pakistan Television was also damaged while protestors burnt a police vehicle besides damaging 17 others.
So far, 717 persons have been injured including 202 police personnel and three protesters also lost their lives, according to official estimates.
The government machinery has come to a standstill. Schools have remained shut with children losing valuable learning time.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oil falls below $100 | Nifty sails past 8 150; Sensex surges over 300 ptsBrent crude
(Weak economic growth combined…)
LONDON: Brent crude oil fell below $100 a barrel for the first time in 14 months on Monday as Chinese and US data pointed to slower-than-expected growth in the world's top oil consumers.
Weak economic growth combined with ample supply has pushed oil prices down from a high for the year above $115 hit in June.
Saudi Arabia and other OPEC producers have said they prefer oil above $100. Prices below this level will put pressure on the budgets of many exporters, and could encourage some producers to pump less in an attempt to support the market.
Brent fell to a low of $99.76 a barrel, down $1.06 and its lowest since June 2013, before recovering slightly to trade around $99.95 by 0845 GMT. The benchmark fell $1.01 to settle at $100.82 a barrel on Friday, recording its third weekly drop in four.
US crude slipped 60 cents to $92.69 a barrel after settling at $93.29 on Friday for its sixth weekly drop in seven.
The price fall followed data showing China's import growth fell unexpectedly for the second consecutive month in August, posting its worst performance in over a year as domestic demand faltered.
It was the second straight month of weak import growth, raising concerns that tepid domestic demand exacerbated by a cooling housing market is increasingly weighing on the economy.
"The Chinese data, with imports showing disappointing results, indicates the domestic economy remains quite weak," said Victor Shum, senior partner at oil consultancy Purvin & Gertz.
Brent and US crude futures both fell on Friday after US non-farm payrolls rose by just 142,000 in August, well below a forecast 225,000, casting doubt on the pace of growth in the world's biggest oil-consuming economy.
Oil prices are now too low for many OPEC countries to cover all their spending needs, analysts and economists say.
Although the cost of getting oil out of the ground is low in most countries in the cartel, growing social spending and ambitious infrastructure plans mean many oil producers now earn less from their oil sales than they need to fund their budgets.
But oil producers have limited room for manoeuvre. Some analysts have suggested that Saudi Arabia, the biggest producer in OPEC, may be reluctant to cut output to support pries if it means losing market share.
"The fall in prices is a temporary thing. They are still within the acceptable range," an OPEC delegate from a Gulf country said.
"We are now approaching winter so the prices are expected to rise," said the delegate, who declined to be identified.
Investors kept a close eye on geopolitical concerns in Europe and the Middle East, especially on the impact the tensions could have on European demand.
A ceasefire in Ukraine was largely holding, although there had been sporadic fire overnight.
The European Union is expected to implement a further round of sanctions against Russia over the Ukraine crisis on Monday, which could target oil company Rosneft, units of Gazprom and 24 individuals.
President Barack Obama will brief lawmakers and make a televised address this week to explain how the United States will tackle the threat posed by Islamic State militants who have overrun parts of Iraq and Syria.
Fighting flared between rival groups in Benghazi and near the Libyan capital, Tripoli, on Sunday, killing at least 15 people and leading to fears the OPEC producer will become a failed state.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty Tops 8 150  Sensex Up Over 300 PointsYou are here: Home Market
Nifty Hits Record High Above 8,150
Reuters | Updated On: September 08, 2014 14:05 (IST)
The Nifty hit fresh all-time high above 8,150 and the Sensex also hits a record high at 27,262.25, surpassing all-time highs hit on Wednesday. The indices were both trading around 0.8 per cent higher in afternoon trade.
Blue chips gained on continued foreign buying with ICICI Bank up 0.8 per cent.
ONGC gained 2 per cent after Bank of America Merrill Lynch upgraded the stock to 'buy' from 'neutral'.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

How to maintain a ULIP after you have bought oneShare on Tumblr
Unit-linked insurance plans or ULIPs offer you the dual benefit of protection and investment. A part of the amount you pay as premium is directed towards providing you life cover while the rest is invested in fund/s with the exception of distribution and management charges. In ULIP, the funds are invested in are equity, debt and hybrid (combination of equity and debt). You can choose the fund option based on the kind of returns you expect and also on your risk appetite.
Considering ULIPs invest in debt and equity instruments, volatile market conditions often cause panic among policy holders forcing them to abandon such policies midway. This is an incorrect approach and also one that will lead to losses. To enjoy the fruits of ULIP, you must have a long-term objective in mind and not make hasty decisions basis market conditions.
Here’s how to maintain a ULIP:
Persist with the plan, don’t look for short-term gains: When it comes to reaping the benefits of ULIP, persistence pays. Some plans offer bonus units either at the time of maturity or after a stipulated period of time. You won’t be eligible for these units if you discontinue servicing your policy during the policy term.
While investing in ULIPs, always have a long-term view in mind and be prepared to stay with such plans for the full course. If you’re looking for short-term returns, there are chances you may be disappointed.
Diversify across funds: One of the major advantages of ULIP is that you can choose the type of fund/s you wish to invest in. It makes sense to diversify your investable amount across debt, equity and hybrid funds. This way, you will be fairly insulated against market volatility. Align your investments in keeping with your financial objective and risk appetite.
Know when to use the option of fund switch and use it wisely: ULIPs give you the option of switching the invested amount between different types of funds so as to help you maximize your returns. This way, you can balance the equity-debt portfolio in a manner such that market volatility does not erode your investments.
However, it is very important to know when to use the option of fund switch. Using it at the wrong time can prove detrimental to your investments.
Don’t surrender ULIPs in haste: In the event of a market crash, don’t surrender your ULIPs in haste. In fact, a market crash is a good time to continue paying premium for a product such as ULIP that promises good returns over the long-term. You can buy more units at a lower net asset value. Once the market recovers and net asset value rises, your fund value will increase, giving you better returns.
Given its twin benefits, ULIP is the ideal choice of those looking for life cover as well as an investment avenue. However, once you a buy a ULIP, make sure that you stick with it right till the end. It is only then that you will be handsomely rewarded. Discontinuance will only cause a dent in your finances and you won’t be able to meet your objectives.
Our Expert

The what  how and why of ULIPsCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Login to moneycontrol.com

Tyre shares on a rollTyre shares on a roll
Suzuki Swift crosses 4mn mark globally  half sold in IndiaSuzuki Swift crosses 4mn mark globally  half sold in India
Turnover from IRF crosses Rs 1 lakh cr-level in FY 15Turnover from IRF crosses Rs 1 lakh cr-level in FY 15
China to be biggest economy by 2024 in dollar termsChina to be biggest economy by 2024 in dollar terms
Sensex surges 286 points on FII inflows; oil & gas  FMCG stocks steal the showSensex surges 293 points on FII inflows; oil & gas, FMCG stocks steal the show
Our Bureau/Agencies
Investors await key macroeconomic data to be released this week
Mumbai, Sept 8:  
The Sensex and the Nifty surged nearly 1.08 per cent at the closing session on Monday on heavy capital inflows anticipating improvement in key macroeconomic indicators - inflation, forex reserves and industrial production to be announced this week.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex surged 293.15 points to end at 27,319.85 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty gained 87.05 points to close at 8,173.90.
Rajesh Agarwal, Head-Research, Eastern Financiers, said in a report: "The markets will take cues from important macroeconomic data that would be announced during the week such as inflation, forex reserves and industrial production growth. As revealed by last week’s FII robust net investment data, the markets are seeing bullish undercurrent and we do not expect to see any substantial correction during the week. Overall, we expect markets to continue their general up-move with intermittent profit-booking."
Barring consumer durables, all other BSE sectoral indices ended in the green. Among them, oil & gas index gained the most by 1.79 per cent, followed by FMCG 1.4 per cent, capital goods 1.29 per cent and metal 1.25 per cent. Only consumer durables index was down 0.22 per cent.
Hindalco, ONGC, SBIN, Wipro and HUL were the major Sensex gainers, while NTPC, M&M, Tata Power and BHEL were the only losers among 30-share Sensex constituents.
European stocks fell as investors weighed equity valuations after the Stoxx Europe 600 Index completed its fourth weekly rally, while UK banks retreated on concerns that Scotland will vote for independence.
The Stoxx 600 retreated 0.7 per cent to 345.23 at 10.01 a.m. in London.
Most Asian stocks rose as investors weighed data showing Chinese exports rose more than analysts projected last month, while imports unexpectedly fell.
The MSCI Asia Pacific Index was up 0.1 per cent at 148.54 as of 2.10 p.m. in Hong Kong.
A plunge in sterling after a poll showed rising support for Scottish independence helped bolster the dollar.
Sterling plummeted 0.8 per cent to $1.6207 after sliding as low as $1.6165 in early trade, the lowest since last November and the biggest daily drop in eight months, after a poll showed the "yes" to Scottish independence campaign on 51 percent against 49 percent for the "no" camp.
Data on Friday showed US non-farm payrolls grew by only 142,000 last month, far below the 225,000 forecast by analysts in a Reuters poll.
The downbeat jobs report suggested the Federal Reserve will hold off on hiking interest rates anytime soon, and helped the S&P 500 hit a fresh closing high.
Data released before Tokyo opened showed Japan's economy shrank an annualised 7.1 per cent in April-June from the previous quarter, revised down from a preliminary 6.8 per cent contraction due to weaker-than-expected capital spending.
Later in the day, investors await Chinese trade data for August, and will be scanning the report for any signs of weakness after a spate of recent data raised concerns about the impact of a cooling property sector.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Air India Boeing 777 springs leak  makes emergency landing in TorontoAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Uninor launches project Sampark to bridge mobile gender gapPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 02:40 PM IST
Uninor launches project Sampark to bridge mobile gender gap
In a bid to bridge the mobile gender gap, Uninor today said it along with GSMA will invest USD 1,83,654 over a period of seven months for an initiative that aims to increase women's access to use of mobile phones.
In a bid to bridge the mobile gender gap, Uninor today said it along with GSMA will invest $1,83,654 over a period of seven months for an initiative that aims to increase women's access to use of mobile phones.
GSMA, the industry body, will provide $70,000 for the Project Sampark, which would be implemented in UP West, UP East and Bihar.
As part of the project, Uninor would launch a pair of SIMs that will be linked to each other and recharge of one SIM would result in additional bonus minutes added to the second SIM.
The company has designed the offer in such a way that one of the SIMs has to be used by a woman.
"Realising the need to provide mobile benefits to women living in the rural areas, we have developed a product, which will be a value proposition for women subscribers who still haven't experienced the mobile services," Uninor CMO Rajeev Sethi said here.
He added the SIM cards will also be made available at the customer door step through women promoters.
The company plans to sell 6,000 connections every month under the project, which was launched last month in a pilot phase in 87 villages of Aligarh district.
Uninor said the initiative is being launched as a pilot project to assess the barriers that women face in accessing mobile services such as affordability, mental block or social problems attached with women who own a handset.
The project will aim to enhance tele-density among women especially in the rural pockets of India, Sethi said.
 Advertisements

Birla Sun Life MF begins process of merging ING MF schemesPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 02:32 PM IST
Birla Sun Life MF begins process of merging ING MF schemes
Taking forward its deal to acquire the assets of ING Investment Management India, Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund has begun the process of merging all the schemes of the target entity with its own portfolios.
Taking forward its deal to acquire the assets of ING Investment Management India, Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund has begun the process of merging all the schemes of the target entity with its own portfolios.
Birla Sun Life MF, part of Aditya Birla Financial Services Group firm, will merge all the 26 schemes offered by ING MF with its own funds, according to a public notice.
Besides, Birla Sun Life MF has given an exit option to the unit holders of ING MF.
"The option to exit the schemes without any exit load can be exercised from September 8 and is valid up to October 9...The option to exit is available to all unit holders except for unit holders who have pledged their units," as per the notice.
The Board of ING Investment Management India, ING Trustee, Birla AMC and Birla Trustee have approved the merger and the market regulator Sebi has also given its nod to the proposed deal.
In May this year, Birla Sun Life MF had announced that it would acquire the assets of ING Investment Management India for an undisclosed sum. This would mark yet another exit by a foreign fund house from the domestic market.
Earlier, US-based Fidelity and Morgan Stanley had exited the domestic market after selling assets to L&T MF and HDFC MF respectively.
As per data available with Amfi, ING Investment Management had average assets under management of Rs 563.82 crore by the end of last financial year, while Birla Sunlife MF has an asset size of Rs 101,000 crore as on July 31, 2014.
 Advertisements

Chief Financial Officer£75,000 pa pro rata
Further information
This is a new role to the senior management team (SMT) at Young Enterprise and is key to our future success.
Young Enterprise has an ambitious business plan and the post holder will be an essential senior team member in enabling the plan and in increasing the organisation’s financial capacity to achieve sustainable growth and deliver success. Our strategy must be underpinned by clear and robust business planning and a commercial understanding must be integrated in all that we create and deliver.
The successful candidate will provide strategic financial leadership and help to maximise Young Enterprise’s resources. You will help to develop and support our ambitious new business plans. You will align resources to strategy; you will ensure we have a forward-looking financial strategy that underpins our plans to grow our programmes. You will also ensure we have the systems and processes to use timely financial management information to inform decision making; you will lead a small group of highly enthusiastic accountants and take a true leadership role with them.
You will be a senior finance professional with significant commercial PQE with a strong sense of drive and enthusiasm. In addition you will push yourself and others to achieve.
If you would like to pursue your interest in this role please email our Head of HR for an Applicant Pack.
The closing date for receipt of CVs and an appropriate covering letter is 9 September 2014. First interviews will be held in London on 25 and 26 September 2014.
 
Young Enterprise is the United Kingdom’s largest business and enterprise education charity.
Options

Market rally: It s not a bubble  but be cautiousMahesh Nayak      Follow @MaheshNayak    Last Updated: September 4, 2014  | 10:53 IST
Mahesh Nayak
In the beginning of February 2014, the BSE Sensex was hovering around 20,000 and no one predicted it to touch 25,000 by the end of the year. Deutsche Bank came closest when it predicted in January a Sensex target of 24,000 by the end of 2014. On Wednesday, the Sensex crossed 27,200 to touch a new high, rising more than 35 per cent in the past six months. So, what has changed in the past few months?
The biggest factor driving the stock market is the new government led by Narendra Modi . After the new government took office in May, brokerages have raised their Sensex targets. In May, Deutsche Bank revised its target for the end of end of 2014 to 28,000 while Japanese brokerage house Nomura in August raised the Sensex target to 30,310 by the end of August 2015.
Does the market still has room to rise further or is this a bubble? Sustained flow of money is one of two reasons for the market's rapid rise. Liquidity continues to flow into the Indian market. Both foreign institutional investors and mutual funds are buying Indian equities. Till the liquidity tap continues to flow, Indian equity markets won't face any problems and will remain buoyant.
Modi's visit to Tokyo, where Japan committed to invest $33.5 billion in India is being seen as a positive development for the market. And market observers feel that Modi's visit to the West will bring in more flows into the country, which would augur well for the economy as well as for the market. One can always argue on the basis of valuation that the market isn't cheap. Yes, it isn't cheap but it is also not euphoric.
Early last month, bears were caught on the wrong foot and had to recover their short positions that pushed the market higher. The market is going up also because players that are holding onto shares aren't selling, while others who have money are accumulating stocks at these levels on expectation that India will deliver in the long term. So in one sense there is some sort of re-rating happening with players globally becoming risk takers.
But India should not be looked in isolation as others emerging-market economies have also seen similar interest among investors. Coming back to India, the sentiment is positive and, like always, the market has run ahead of fundamentals. The market has discounted that the economy will not show any huge improvement in next 15 to 18 months. Though initial Q1 economic indicators have been good, the market trend will depend on corporate performance.
Till India Inc continues to deliver impressive performance quarter after quarter, the market will remain firm. The market will react positively on any reform measure taken by the government. In the near term, the government's disinvestment programme will start in next two-three months.
All eyes will also be set on the European Central Bank (ECB). There are expectations that the weak health of euro-zone countries will prompt the ECB to pump more money into the zone. This will, in turn, lead to more liquidity flow into emerging markets like India. The reason why the market doesn't seem to fall from here on and will remain firm is positive macro and micro developments like a fall in oil prices, a stronger rupee and impressive micro numbers.
Easing tension in West Asia and news of a ceasefire between Russia and Ukraine have added to the positives. While the momentum is pushing the market to new highs, investors should be careful and stick to companies that have a strong balance sheet. Quality is key at current levels, because even if the market corrects sharply - which isn't expected at this juncture - any correction would not erode much of investor monies and they would be the first to recover after a correction. Most importantly, investors should also check at what levels they are getting into the stock as timing is key for gaining from any stock.

BP ruling a  wakeup call  as risks mount in search for oilBP ruling a 'wakeup call' as risks mount in search for oil
BP may face additional $18 billion in fines
BP may face additional $18 billion in fines.
BP may face additional $18 billion in fines.
By Bradley Olson, Margaret Cronin Fisk and Harry R. Weber, Bloomberg News, Bloomberg
Oil and Chemical Spills BP Plc Conservation Trials and Arbitration Royal Dutch Shell Plc Vladimir Putin Chevron Corportion
HOUSTON — A U.S. judge's watershed ruling means the final cost to BP for the 2010 Gulf oil spill may eclipse $50 billion, wiping out years of profits and highlighting the risks of drilling as the industry pushes into more dangerous areas such as deeper waters and ice-bound Arctic fields.
Thursday's court decision that BP acted with gross negligence in the Gulf of Mexico disaster may hamstring the company financially as the industry's search for resources becomes more expensive and dangerous. Companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell are also facing increasing pressure to show investors they can still grow as production declines.
As producers scour the globe for oil and natural gas, the ruling shows they'll be held accountable for mistakes that may be inevitable given the complexity of the work, said Edward Overton, professor emeritus at Louisiana State University's department of environmental sciences in Baton Rouge. While the judge has yet to rule on how much oil was spilled, a key factor in determining additional fines, millions of barrels of crude from the well harmed wildlife and fouled hundreds of miles of beaches and coastal wetlands.
If $50 billion isn't "a wakeup call to do it right, to slow down, to make sure all your i's are dotted and t's are crossed in terms of safety — not just for BP but also for the industry — I don't know what is," he said.
0
The companies have little choice in the chase for big, new discoveries as access to resources continues to be limited. Exxon, BP, Shell, Chevron Corp. and Total earned more than $1 trillion in total profit during the past decade, almost all of which has been spent in the search for new pools of oil and natural gas.
Since 2004, the five companies have tripled capital spending and their combined output has fallen by 1.4 million barrels a day, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
Problems have arisen as companies drill deeper and in more perilous conditions. Shell last week submitted a plan for drilling in Alaska's Arctic, after a vessel ran aground in 2012. The ultra-deep Davy Jones well in the Gulf, among the most expensive ever drilled, has yet to produce what operator Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold has said may be trillions of cubic feet of gas.
The complexity of deep drilling or navigating Arctic waters means that further accidents may be inevitable, said Ed Hirs, an energy economist at the University of Houston.
"People may say this will never happen again, but it probably will, although it will happen in a different way," said Hirs, who also founded his own production company. "It happened again in space travel, which is similar in complexity and scale."
U.S. District Judge Carl Barbier found that BP's exploration unit acted with gross negligence in the case, which killed 11 men and fouled beaches from Texas to Florida. The company, which has spent more than $28 billion in response to the disaster so far, will be exposed to as much as $18 billion in additional government fines and penalties.
While co-defendants Transocean Ltd. and Halliburton Co. weren't found to be grossly negligent, the judge ruled they do share in the responsibility.
"Offshore drilling is high risk, and it leads to environmental disasters that can overshadow the financial benefits in the blink of an eye," said Jacqueline Savitz, a vice president of U.S. oceans for advocacy group Oceana.
Since deep-water drilling in the United States resumed in 2011, BP and its peers have returned to the Gulf of Mexico, where the company is seeking to drill deeper and at higher pressures than before. Gulf oil output rose to 1.3 million barrels a day in May, the highest level since 2011, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration.
BP said it "strongly disagrees" with the ruling against BP Exploration and Production Inc. and will appeal immediately.
"The finding that it was grossly negligent with respect to the accident and that its activities at the Macondo well amounted to willful misconduct is not supported by the evidence at trial," the London-based company said in a statement.
"This opens the window for a worst-case scenario to play out, although this will likely drag out for years," Brian Youngberg, an analyst with Edward Jones & Co. in St. Louis, said of BP. "The legal uncertainty and unrest in Russia are overshadowing the company's operations in a significant way."
For Chief Executive Officer Bob Dudley, appointed to deal with the accident's aftermath, the finding means no resolution to the company's U.S. troubles as he grapples with being the largest foreign investor in Russia at a time of mounting sanctions against Vladimir Putin's allies.
BP may be saddled with a decade of continued legal battles, including claims from the five Gulf states and private party plaintiffs who weren't part of a $9.2 billion settlement. Appeals may extend the final outcome — Exxon paid the final punitive damages from the 1989 Valdez spill off Alaska 20 years after the incident.
Once one of the biggest and most powerful oil companies in the world, BP faces years more of uncertainty that will put continued pressure on shares, which have lagged competitors since the spill.
The ruling defines the scope of the ultimate pollution fines, which will be determined after a trial scheduled to begin in January in New Orleans. If Barbier agrees with the government's spill estimate of 4.2 million barrels, the payout could ultimately be as high as $18 billion. If he sides with BP's estimate that only 2.45 million barrels spilled, it could reach $10.5 billion.
"The buck stops during a spill at the door of the operator," said William K. Reilly, who co-chaired the presidential oil spill commission. "For BP, it turns out to be a much bigger buck than most analysts expected."
 
_ Fisk reported from Detroit. Contributors: Alex Nussbaum in New York and Nidaa Bakhsh in London.
 

Denim sales down as yoga pant fad growsDenim sales down as yoga pant fad grows
Denim sales down as yoga pant fad grows
Sales of the fashion staple have fallen 6 percent in the past year as yoga and athletic pant sales have climbed 7 percent. The recent shift in what attire is appropriate in the office to the hallways might reflect the denim dilemma. (Sept. 6)
Sales of the fashion staple have fallen 6 percent in the past year as yoga and athletic pant sales have climbed 7 percent. The recent shift in what attire is appropriate in the office to the hallways might reflect the denim dilemma. (Sept. 6)
See more videos
Sales of the fashion staple have fallen 6 percent in the past year as yoga and athletic pant sales have climbed 7 percent. The recent shift in what attire is appropriate in the office to the hallways might reflect the denim dilemma. (Sept. 6)

Mary Kom: Why bring race into itA half-Brit actor played Gandhi.
An American actor played Mandela.
But when an Indian actor plays an Indian sportsperson, the self-righteous guardians of political correctness outrage on social media.
The age of outrage is all about expressing first, thinking later.
This time around, the noise was about why the makers of Mary Kom did not cast an actor from the North East for the part. It is apparently racist to cast Priyanka Chopra for the role because she does not have “those” features.
Look up the definition of racism and you will see it involves discrimination on the basis of one’s race.
If discriminating against an actor, whose day job is to play characters that have nothing to do with his/her real self, on the basis of her race is not racist, what is?
Yes, Mary Kom may not be the best-crafted film and the champion probably deserved a better biopic. It’s a loud, overdramatic Bollywood adaptation that is more inspired by than based on the boxer’s life but there’s no denying that Priyanka Chopra has lived this part. Even if it means putting on a little weight around the arms during the motherhood portions of the film and then toning them for muscle definition for the boxing sequences.
Farhan Akhtar shaved his chest to sex up Milkha Singh and here we are cribbing about a girl who went all out to do justice to the boxer’s life, even when the script seemed too generic.
We live in a country that pays men in showbiz way more than women. A country that likes to celebrate machismo. A country that is slowly opening up to heroine-centric films… And God know that there are very few actresses who have the muscle to bring in the crowds in these early days of mainstream commercial cinema that celebrates women.
Ask Mary Kom herself who she would have preferred to play her in the biopic: Priyanka Chopra or a lesser-known actor from the North East? If the idea is to celebrate a national sporting icon, isn’t it important that more people are told this story and not just a few movie buffs at a film festival who appreciate only cinema of the realistic type?
Yes, the film could have been made in Manipuri. Yes, they could have got National award winning actress Geetanjali Thapa for the role but what’s the guarantee that these same social media trolls wouldn’t point out that she is from Sikkim and not Manipur? Or criticise that Geetanjali is too fair to play a dark-skinned champ!
How many people would this biopic then have reached? Do we want to restrict the celebration to a small, discerning, cinema-loving critical few or do we want the entire country to join in and cheer a truly modern Indian heroine?
The puppet show might have sucked but hey, this puppet came to life. It made us ignore and even forgive the storytelling. Theatre is all about making sure that the person sitting in the last row is able to hear you. And Bollywood is about making sure that the person sitting in the front row is entertained according to his sensibility.
I am not a fan of melodrama or exploitative cinema and Mary Kom is certainly all of that. But the biases of my sensibility aside, I have to admit that as an actor, this actress has done a phenomenal job.
Priyanka Chopra has fought hard to rise to the top in an industry dominated by men and earned the respect of an entire country. We cannot compare an actress with a world champion. But consider this: Acting is one of those professions that is already cruel to women. It doesn’t get more patriarchal than the film industry. There’s nothing more exploitative than showbiz. This is a cruel unfair business where your age determines the expiry date of your career. Your skin colour, your weight, your marital status, your boyfriend, your clothes… are all under microscopic scrutiny. This is no less than a boxing ring. She may not have won the world but she’s trying hard here to win over the country.
And the last thing a woman who has fought all these prejudices needs is criticism of her race. Give her a hand. Not for her race. But for her profession. Not for her gender. But for her performance.

BRICS bank not aimed at challenging IMF  WB: RBI GovernorPress Trust of India |  New York Sep 07, 2014
Last Updated at 01:49 PM IST
BRICS bank not aimed at challenging IMF, WB: RBI Governor
The move to establish BRICS bank is meant to provide patient money and not aimed at challenging the existing multilateral financial institutions like the IMF and the World Bank, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has said.  "I don't think it was primarily meant to challenge the existing multilateral institutions but it certainly is saying look we have plenty of money ourselves, why don't we put some of this money to use in a way that benefits us rather than necessarily depending on the multilateral ins
The move to establish BRICS bank is meant to provide patient money and not aimed at challenging the existing multilateral financial institutions like the IMF and the World Bank, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has said.
"I don't think it was primarily meant to challenge the existing multilateral institutions but it certainly is saying look we have plenty of money ourselves, why don't we put some of this money to use in a way that benefits us rather than necessarily depending on the multilateral institutions to change which is taking much more time than anybody thought of," he said.
The BRICS bank is meant to provide patient money, risk capital to long term projects, he said in a speech at an event organised in Chicago on Friday by the Chicago Council on Global Affairs.
"One of the biggest lacunae in emerging markets is patient, risk-bearing money, so if we can have a bank which is willing to take junior stakes or equity stakes...That would be a really good thing," he said.
The announcement about the bank and a $100 billion Currency Reserve Arrangement (CRA) that will help countries to deal with short-term liquidity pressures, was made on July 15 at the conclusion of the 6th BRICS Summit in Brazil attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Presidents Vladimir Putin of Russia, Xi Jinping of China, Jacob Zuma of South Africa and Dilma Rousseff of Brazil.
India will hold the Presidency of the bank for the first six years.
The New Development Bank to be based in Shanghai, China's financial hub, will become operational in about two years.
India's presidency will be followed by Brazil and Russia who will have five years term each under an agreement reached after intense negotiations among the five country-grouping BRICS -Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa.
 Advertisements

Fed to debate new language on ratesSeptember 7, 2014 5:13 pm
Federal Reserve to debate new language on interest rates
By Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/079c9238-3666-11e4-85be-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

German business grapples with energy costsLast updated: September 7, 2014 11:01 pm
German businesses grapple with green energy costs
By Jeevan Vasagar in Essen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/02d594d8-29d8-11e4-914f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex crosses 27 200 to reach new record high  Nifty above 8 100Urgent aid needed. Help Now
Mumbai: Stock markets on Monday hit fresh highs with Sensex rising 293.15 points and the Nifty surging 87.05 points to end at new peaks on the back of gains in refinery, IT, metal and capital goods shares amid robust fund inflows.
In step with share market, the rupee also firmed up against dollar to hit 60.19 levels intra-day.
After opening in positive terrain, the 30-share Sensex continued its upward march and soared to hit intra-day record high of 27,354.99, surpassing its earlier peak of 27,225.85 hit on September 3. The benchmark closed with gain of 293.15 points, or 1.08 per cent, at new closing peak of 27,319.85, bettering earlier record of 27,139.94 (September 3).
Sensex on Monday ends 293.15 points up at new closing peak of 27,319.85 while Nifty gains 87.05 points to end at lifetime high of 8,173.90.
The BSE index snapped the losing trend of previous two trading sessions where it had shed over 113 points. The 50-share NSE rebounded 87.05 points, or 1.08 per cent, to close the day at new record high of 8,173.90, breaching its previous record of 8114.60 hit on September 3.
Intra-day, it also hit a new life-time high of 8,180.20, bettering previous record fo 8,141.90 on September 3.
Overseas funds continued to remain major players on the bourses after Foreign Portfolio Investors bought shares worth Rs 310.51 crore last Friday, as per provisional data.
"Growth optimism continued to fuel markets. Easing geo- political tension in Ukraine led to Brent crude going below $100," said Dipen Shah, Head-PCG Research, Kotak Securities. Equity brokers said after two days of consolidation, buying activity gathered momentum ahead of key macro economic data releases, including IIP and inflation, later this week.
Gains in Sensex and Nifty were supported by gains in ONGC after Bank of America Merrill Lynch upgraded the stock amid softening global crude oil prices. ONGC was up 2.78 per cent, GAIL gained 0.22 per cent and Cairn India rose 2.24 per cent.
Shares of OMCs BPCL, HPCL and IOC also advanced. In line with overall trends, RIL jumped over 1 per cent. Among Sensex stocks, Hindalco stole the showing, rising 3.49 per cent. Overall 26 Sensex stocks ended higher and 4 finished in negative zone. Gainers included Axis Bank, Bajaj Auto, Cipla, HDFC Bank, Hero Moto, ICICI Bank and Infosys.
Sectorwise, the BSE Oil & Gas gained the most by surging 1.79 per cent, followed by FMCG 1.40 per cent, Banking 1.38 per cent, Capital Goods 1.29 per cent, Metal 1.25 per cent and IT 1.22 per cent.
Globally, Asia was mixed in holiday-thinned trade while European stocks dropped on profit-taking.

No evidence of al-Qaeda s presence in India: US expertPress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 8, 2014 10:38 am
Amid a country-wide alert in India over an al-Qaeda threat, a top US counter-terrorism expert has said there is no evidence of the terror outfit’s presence in the country.
“The idea that Ayman al-Zawahiri is going to open a branch of al-Qaeda in India is just crazy. Yes, there are some jihadi elements in India, but there’s no evidence that al-Qaeda has a presence in the country,” Peter Bergen, known for his insight into operations of al-Qaeda in South Asia, told CNN yesterday.
Bergen, who has authored several books on counter terrorism, was responding to questions about the last week’s announcement by Zawahiri about creating a separate wing of al-Qaeda in the Indian subcontinent.
“It’s an attempt by Zawahiri to have people like us discuss him, because he’s been out of the limelight for so long, it’s all been about ISIS in Iraq and Syria and al-Qaeda is very conscious that they’re yesterday’s story,” he said.
“And if you look at the tape that they showed of Zawahiri, it’s so boring. It’s him talking in a monologue that goes on for more than half an hour.
“And then you look at what ISIS is doing on video…ISIS is a much more appealing media strategy, apart from the fact that also they are being much more successful than al-Qaeda has ever been in its history in terms of getting territory, money, fighters and actually establishing a large foothold in the Middle East,” he said.
Appearing on the same programme, Husain Haqqani, the former Pakistan Ambassador to US, said, “I think that Zawahiri’s attempt to talk about India is essentially to try and get the hard line elements among Pakistani jihadis and even within the Pakistani intelligence service to think about al-Qaeda as a potential ally. That’s his play.”
“I don’t think he will get much traction. But basically what he’s trying to do is to appeal to the anti-Indian sentiment that is present in Pakistan on any given day and hoping to get recruits for his cause,” he said.

SBI  BoI branches may face closure in UK crackdownSBI, BoI branches may face closure in UK crackdown
Aditi Khanna     London   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 12:30 IST
Analysts suggested that State Bank of India is likely to be affected (Photo: Reuters)
At least seven foreign-owned retail bank branches in the UK, including some Indian ones, could be forced to close down in a crackdown on overseas banks in a bid to insulate the British economy from global crises.
A consultation launched in February by Bank of England's Prudential Regulatory Authority (PRA), responsible for supervising individual banks, concluded last week.
The new rules in force require banks from outside the European Economic Area (EEA) to offer only minimal retail services.
While Bank of England declined to name the banks affected, analysts suggested that Bank of India, State Bank of India , Isbank of Turkey and Overseas Chinese Banking Corporation of Singapore are likely to be affected.
They would either have to shut down their retail banking operations in Britain or convert from branch status to full UK subsidiary - an expensive and cumbersome process.
Some American banks, including JP Morgan and Citigroup, also have UK branches, but were less likely to be seriously hit because they also operate UK subsidiaries, according to The Times.
The PRA said in a statement that deposit-taking foreign banks that want to remain a branch must have less than 100 million pounds in account balances and fewer than 5,000 customers.
The PRA consultation had suggested that the branches might be able to trade if there were a "very high level of assurance" from the regulator in the parent bank's home country.
The new rules mean it will be easier for wholesale foreign banks, which cater to other financial institutions and large corporations rather than retail customers, to open non-deposit taking branches which would not face size limits but are likely to make it very difficult for some retail bank branches to operate.
Subsidiaries are subject to more complex clearances and branches, on the other hand, are part of a home office legal entity and don't require their own capital base in the UK or a separate board.
Therefore, mostly foreign banks prefer to operate as branches because subsidiaries are more expensive to run, requiring their own pools of capital and liquidity, as well as their own boards and legal entity, and have the routine extra cost of reporting to "host country" supervisors.
The new proposals are an attempt to strike a balance between welcoming foreign finance and protecting the UK from imported banking crises.
Britain also wants to avoid having to compensate savers with deposits at a failing foreign bank as it had to with Icesave accounts run by a branch of Icelandic bank Lands-banki, which collapsed in 2008 during the global financial crisis.
(PTI)

IFA 2014: The best smartphones at the show (Galaxy Notes excluded)After sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Bank of Japan strikes bearish noteLast updated: September 4, 2014 6:39 pm
Bank of Japan strikes bearish note
By Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eb9b3616-33ea-11e4-ba62-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

High attrition not always a sign of IT industry growth  finds studyShishir Asthana |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 12:43 PM IST
High attrition not always a sign of IT industry growth, finds study
Attrition can be because of other factors such as swapping or lack of opportunities rather than industry growth
Conventional wisdom says that if higher numbers of employees are leaving there might be something wrong at the company.  This is especially true in the software sector which is completely manpower driven. Analysts measure the number of employees quitting the company on a quarterly basis in the IT sector and measure it as a percentage of total employees in the company. This, in management terminology, is called the ‘attrition rate’.
 
Infosys has been at the receiving end of analyst recommendations on account of poor sales growth and record attrition rates. This leads to the question of whether attrition is an indicator of business momentum. A JP Morgan report answers the question in a August 27, 2014 report on Indian IT services.
 
The study which was begun on April 8, 2013 titled ‘We like higher industry attrition’ concluded that step changes in attrition (up or down) have historically led to corresponding changes in business momentum, with typically a one-quarter lead time (more than 80% correlation). What is interesting is that JP Morgan has looked at attrition at the industry level. If attrition in only one company are high, then there is a problem. But if the entire sector faces higher attrition then JP Morgan had concluded in April 2013 that it was not bad. 
 
However, in its new report, the bank says that there are recent findings that seems to negate their earlier report.
 
According to JP Morgan attrition has been increasing significantly at the industry level in the last four quarters. Collective attrition for the top 5 IT companies hit a three-year high in the June 2014 quarter, yet industry growth has not picked up on an annual basis for the past two quarters. So what went wrong?
 
JP Morgan says there are three reasons why growth has not picked up despite higher industry attrition.
 
First, lack of opportunities in current roles, as companies are not growing fast enough, is inducing more departures. Thus, while the industry is adding to headcount at the net level, concerns about a company’s growth and personal career advancement are leading to employees switching jobs. This leads to what is called ‘swapping’ when employees (of, say, Infosys quit to join Wipro and vice versa) swap firms in the hope of finding better career advancement opportunities in their new workplace. Because of the high number of employee departures, firms such as Infosys/Wipro will find their hiring substantially backfilling roles of those departing, and not really creating new roles/positions that come with growth.
Business mix plays a role in the overall attrition number. Contribution of BPO, testing and IMS (information management system) are increasing across the board. JP Morgan says that attrition in BPO and IMS segments is generally two times higher than that in IT Services. Attrition in the application segments (ERP, consulting, system integration) is generally much lower than in BPO/IMS/testing. Thus a higher contribution of BPO/IMS/testing in overall revenues may also lead to higher attrition number.
Finally, captives (fully owned IT divisions of parent companies like Tesco, GE, Philips among others have become reasonably strong net hirers in the recent past (last three to four quarters). JP Morgan believes that a large number of workforces, especially from Infosys and Wipro may be leaving for captives where pay is generally better. Captives are strong draws today for employees at third-party firms, more so at a time when onsite opportunities are not as plentiful in third-party firms today as they have been in the past.
 
JP Morgan believes that attrition cannot keep ticking up without favourable implications for demand at some point. If the September 2014 quarter too shows a higher attrition number across the industry, JP Morgan says that it is not necessarily a worrying signal. Rather it would more likely indicate an uptick in demand activity in the market. Industry-wide attrition is a good gauge of the state of ferment.
 

State Bank of India too timid to act against Vijay Mallya  the  defaulter State Bank of India too timid to act against Vijay Mallya, the 'defaulter'?
The Financial Express | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 08 2014, 12:43  IST
Sep 08 2014, 12:43  IST
 

Robots to protect ISS from deadly junkAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

L&T gains on winning orders worth Rs 1 920 croreSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 01:05 PM IST
L&T gains on winning orders worth Rs 1,920 crore
L&T gained after L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering secured new orders  worth Rs 1920 crore.
Shares of L&T have gained nearly 1% to Rs 1,623 on the BSE after the company said its wholly owned subsidiary L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering (LTHE)  has secured new orders in the offshore and onshore segments worth Rs 1920 crore from domestic oil and gas majors.
 
An offshore contract worth Rs 1340 crore from Oil & Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), includes engineering, procurement, construction and installation of five wellhead platforms at the Mumbai High North field of ONGC. The project is scheduled for completion by March 2016, L&T said in a statement.
 
In the onshore segment, L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering (LTHE) secured a contract valued at about Rs 580 crore from a leading company engaged in hydrocarbon downstream processing. The contract involves engineering, procurement and construction of a dual service cryogenic storage tank facility suitable for liquid ethane and liquefied natural gas and engineering work for the balance of the facilities to be installed at the manufacturing complex, L&T said in a statement.
 
The stock opened at Rs 1,621, touched a high of Rs 1,630 and a low of Rs 1,617 on the BSE. A total of 65,454 shares have been exchanged on the BSE so far.
 Advertisements

Sterling falls after poll puts Yes vote ahead© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/73fc4c1a-36a8-11e4-95d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Who are the Chan familySeptember 8, 2014 9:14 am
Who are the Chan family?
By Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/60f202fa-3729-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Real Estate Investment ManagerApply now (this will open in a new window)
Further information
About our Company:
A nationally recognized institutional investment management firm dedicated to providing corporate investors access to federal and state tax credit driven investments authorized under the Internal Revenue Code and its state counterparts. Distributing these investments either through direct brokerage or through syndication. The business plan calls for continued growth for the foreseeable future.The business continues to grow and requires a full time employee dedicated to help underwrite new transactions (primarily real estate), provide asset management and provide status reports to investors on a regular basis.
Job Description:
Manage all aspects of partnerships investments during their life cycle from initial due diligence gathering, qualitative underwriting, closing, and management of developer relationships, reporting, and problem solving. The job’s key skill sets are underwriting, asset management, and investor reporting.
Due Diligence and Underwriting – Work experience or familiarity with the following:
Title searches
Working with legal counsel on real estate closings
Verifying and stressing developer’s financial models.
Asset Management - Work experience or familiarity with the following:
Project oversight - Identify potential problems
Track legal documentation with attorneys, investors, and management
Verify compliance with partnership or operating agreements.
Investor Reporting – Work experience or familiarity with the following:
Request and review quarterly financial data from the projects and Funds
Prepare reports for distribution to institutional investors
Identify and manage potential issues which could result in lower than projected results or recapture of tax credits, and develop with management potential solutions.
Who we are looking for:
An ability to work in a small office with minimal supervision
Significant real estate related business experience. Accounting or legal background related to real estate transactions would be favorable.
Some familiarity with State and Federal Low Income Housing Tax Credits (LIHTCs), Historic Rehabilitation Tax Credits (HRTCs) and Renewable Energy ITC’s is preferred but not required
Excellent written and oral presentation skills
Software – Word, Excel and PowerPoint.
What's on offer:
A competitive base salary plus discretionary bonus, paid vacation time, 401K program, and healthcare benefits (medical and dental).
Apply now (this will open in a new window)
Michael Page USA

Delhi: Kejriwal accuses BJP of trying to  buy  AAP MLAs  releases  sting videoAAP releases 'bribe video' , BJP denies poaching charges
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 08, 2014
First Published: 12:13 IST(8/9/2014) | Last Updated: 21:45 IST(8/9/2014)
Comments
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) on Monday accused a senior Delhi Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader of trying to bribe an AAP legislator to switch sides and help the BJP form a government in the capital, but the BJP’s local unit washed its hands off the controversy.
 
AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal released a sting video purportedly showing Delhi BJP vice president Sher Singh Dagar offering Rs. 4 crore to AAP MLA Dinesh Mohaniya amid reports that the BJP was preparing to form the government in Delhi, which has been under president’s rule since February.
 
Mohania was allegedly told he could contest the election on a BJP ticket and even if he lost, he would be given chairmanship of any government-run board.
 
Neither the BJP nor the AAP have a majority to form a government in Delhi: the BJP is the single largest party in Delhi with 28 MLAs in the 67-member house, while the AAP has 27 members and the Congress only eight. There are four other members in the house.
 
Reports said the BJP looked set to receive an invitation from lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung any time and the party was likely to prove its majority on the floor of the house in a secret ballot.
 
Monday’s allegations are likely to weigh on any decision by the lieutenant governor on whether to call the BJP to form the next government in Delhi.
Video: Sting captures senior BJP leader trying to bribe AAP MLA
Rs. 4 crore.'>
“Under any circumstances, we are not going to allow the BJP to form the government by using illegal means," Kejriwal said at a press conference. He added that said raw footage of the sting operation will be submitted to the Supreme Court which is set to hear a Delhi Assembly case on Tuesday.
 
Sources said the AAP wanted to discredit the BJP and stall any effort to form a government. The AAP has been pressing for fresh elections because its internal assessment shows it can improve its 2013 tally of 28 seats.
 
“Only the L-G can say what will be done. Only he can take any decision," Home Minister Rajnath Singh said when asked about the political situation in Delhi.
 
The BJP’s Delhi unit distanced itself from the controversy, but sought an explanation from Dagar. “The party has nothing to do with the entire episode,” said a senior BJP leader.
 
“We have sought an explanation from Dagar. He had not gone to meet the AAP MLA, rather he had approached BJP. Dagar is anyway not authorised to take a decision on anyone wishing to join the party,” said Satish Upadhyay, Delhi BJP president.
 
Dagar said Mohania had approached him to join the BJP: “If someone visits me, how can I not attend to the person?”  He also said he will quit politics if the charges were proved.
What do you think about the controversy regarding the Delhi government? Take our survey and tell us:

Sun Pharma shares gain; Credit Suisse raises targetSep 08, 2014, 01.51 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sun Pharma shares gain; Credit Suisse raises target
According to the brokerage, approval of Ranbaxy merger (expected before FY15 end) and use of cash are key catalysts. Sun has cash of USD 2 billion (yield low at 5 percent) and generated FY14 free cash flow of USD 920 million.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sun Pharma shares gain; Credit Suisse raises target
According to the brokerage, approval of Ranbaxy merger (expected before FY15 end) and use of cash are key catalysts. Sun has cash of USD 2 billion (yield low at 5 percent) and generated FY14 free cash flow of USD 920 million.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Sun Pharmaceutical Industries climbed as much as 1.6 percent intraday Monday as Credit Suisse maintained positive view on the stock with visibility on growth increasing post Ranbaxy acquisition, Gleevec settlement, and Taro price increase.
According to the brokerage, approval of  Ranbaxy merger (expected before FY15 end) and use of cash are key catalysts. Sun has cash of USD 2 billion (yield low at 5 percent) and generated FY14 free cash flow of USD 920 million.
Sun is seeking approvals for debt limit of USD 8.3 billion and equity-linked instruments of USD 2 billion.
Credit Suisse says its target price on the stock rose to Rs 950 as it rolled forward to September-16.
According to FY14 annual report, Sun's tax rate was low because of reorganisation of India business into a separate subsidiary and more than 40 percent of Sun's profit before tax captured in tax-exempted zones.
At 13:25 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 865.90, up Rs 8.10, or 0.94 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Japan economy shrinks more than expected in Q2You are here: Home > Collections
Japan says economy contracted 7.1% in Q2
AP Sep 8, 2014, 08.23AM IST
(Prime Minister Shinzo Abe…)
TOKYO: Japan's economy contracted at a larger than earlier estimated annual rate of 7.1 per cent in April-June, as companies and households slashed spending following a tax hike.
The revised data released Monday show business investment fell more than twice as much as estimated before, or 5.1 per cent, while private residential spending sank 10.4 per cent, in annual terms. The earlier estimate showed the economy contracting 6.8 per cent.
The recovery of the world's third-largest economy has slowed following the increase in the sales tax to 8 per cent from 5 per cent on April 1.
"Theoretically, there should be no impact from the consumption tax increase on corporate spending or long-term corporate planning, but a large number of Japanese corporations seemed to see a large impact from the hike on final demand," said Junko Nishioka, an economist at RBS Japan Securities in Tokyo.
The economy grew at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 6 per cent in January-March. In quarterly terms, the economy contracted 1.8 per cent in April-June from the previous quarter.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has championed an aggressive stimulus program aimed at ending chronic deflation that has discouraged corporate investment, dragging on growth. But a sustainable recovery will require strong corporate and private spending, since exports and public spending have so far done little to lift growth.
Business activity surged early in the year as consumers and businesses stepped up purchases to avoid paying more tax, and economists forecast a rebound in coming months.
"We are not that pessimistic for the future picture of the Japanese economy," Nishioka said, forecasting a "V-shaped recovery," supported to stronger wage growth.
Indicators so far point to a modest recovery at best.
Conditions remained weak in July, though, as real incomes fell 6.2 per cent in July from a year earlier and household spending dropped.
"Industrial production was still 2 per cent below the second quarter average in July, and we have yet to see a turnaround in capital spending," Marcel Thieliant of Capital Economics said in a commentary. He noted that a recovery in retail sales should help boost growth, despite the sharp drop in residential spending following the tax hike.
Abe faces a tough decision over whether to go ahead with a pledge to raise the sales tax by another 2 per centage points, to 10 per cent in 2015. The tax hikes are needed to counter ballooning public debt, which now is more than twice the size of the economy.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Micromax launches Canvas Nitro for Rs 12 990Micromax launches Canvas Nitro for Rs 12,990
By Karan Bajaj, ET Bureau | 8 Sep, 2014, 02.27PM IST
Micromax Canvas Nitro has a 5-inch IPS display with a resolution of 1280 x 720 pixels and runs the latest Android 4.4.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Indian smartphone manufacturer Micromax has been on a roll lately by launching new devices across price ranges. However, they were unable to match up to the competition from Moto G and Xiaomi Mi 3 in the sub-Rs 15,000 price segment. Now, to get a foothold in this segment, Micromax has launched their new smartphone, Canvas Nitro for Rs 12,990.
Micromax Canvas Nitro has a 5-inch IPS display with a resolution of 1280 x 720 pixels and runs the latest Android 4.4. It is powered by a 1.7Ghz octa core processor, 2GB RAM, 8GB storage and has a microSD slot for expansion (up to 32GB supported). The dual SIM phone a 13MP primary camera with LED flash that is capable of recording full HD videos. Other features include 5MP front camera, 2,500mAh battery (up to 10 hours battery life), 3G, WiFi, Bluetooth 4.0, GPS and FM Radio. The phone also aims to stand apart from the competition with its faux-leather finish on the removable rear panel - similar to Samsung Galaxy devices
On the software front Micromax has added multiple language support, a quick access app suite, quick widget for various camera modes, smart gestures and smart alerts. There is also a Quick Look feed on the home screen that displays latest news across various topics as well as your social media feeds.
The phone will be exclusively available on Snapdeal starting today. Considering that the Mi 3 has been discontinued, it will compete with the new Moto G (2ndgeneration) and Asus Zenfone 5 .

Nifty hits 8150; banks  IT  oil & gas  FMCG stocks leadSep 08, 2014, 03.46 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex ends 293 pts higher; NTPC, M&M, Tata Power fall
Hindalco, ONGC, SBI, Wipro and HUL were top gainers in the Sensex. Among the top losers are NTPC, M&M, Tata Power and BHEL.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex ends 293 pts higher; NTPC, M&M, Tata Power fall
Hindalco, ONGC, SBI, Wipro and HUL were top gainers in the Sensex. Among the top losers are NTPC, M&M, Tata Power and BHEL.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 pm Market closing
The market made a spectacular comeback with hefty returns on Monday, at record closing high. The Sensex was up 293.15 points or 1 percent at 27319.85 and the Nifty was up 81.05 points or 1 percent at 8167.90. About 2067 shares have advanced, 962 shares declined, and 95 shares are unchanged.
Hindalco, ONGC, SBI, Wipro and HUL were top gainers in the Sensex. Among the top losers are NTPC, M&M, Tata Power and BHEL.
03:00pm Strong growth likely in domestic paint industry
The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (ASSOCHAM), on September 4, said Indian paint industry is likely to surge from the current level of about Rs 40,600 crore to about Rs 62,000 crore by 2016 witnessing a breathtaking double-digit compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of about 20 percent.
The factors that have fuelled the paint industry's growth are the rise in disposable income and education, increasing urbanisation, development of the rural market and various launches of many innovative products, it added.
As per the ASSOCHAM recent report on 'Indian paint Industry: 2014' reveals that India is the second-largest consumer of paint in Asia. Top players include Asian Paints, Kansai Nerolac Paints, Berger Paints, AkzoNobel, Nippon Paints and Shalimar Paints, added the report.
02:40pm Interview
Talleen Kumar, CEO & MD, Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor Development Corporation expects phase I of India’s largest infrastructure project to be completed by 2019. This phase will involve construction of Dholera Special Investment Region in Gujarat and Shendra-Bidkin Industrial Park in Mahashtra. These two are part of the 8 smart industrial cities that have been planned along the length of the corridor.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Kumar said environment clearances for Dholera were in place, and that bidding process for both Dholera and Shendra would be rolled out in December this year.
Kumar said DMICDC has decided to go ahead with five cities in all, the other three being in Greater Noida, Madhya Pradesh and Haryana.
"In all these five cities, we have land available with us. The state government has been very proactive in making land available to us and that is the reason why we are able to move ahead in these five cities," he said.
Kumar admitted that land acquisition would turn out to be a major challenge for state governments as the project progressed.
"The land acquisition has been a challenging task for state government especially since the acquisition of the new Land Acquisition Act. We have to solve this problem if industrial cities have to come up," Kumar said.
02:20pm Sunflag Iron in News
Investors bought more shares of Sunflag Iron and Steel Company on the news of funds infusion by Japanese company. The stock rallied as much as 9 percent to hit a 52-week high of Rs 33.70 on the Bombay Stock Exchange, in addition to 10 percent upmove on Friday.
A meeting of the board of directors of the company will be held on September 11, to issue and allotment of 1,80,21,945 equity shares to Daido Steel Company, Japan on preferential basis, amongst others, said the company in its filing.
The Competition Commission of India, on August 27, had cleared the proposal of acquisition of 10 percent stake in company by Daido Steel Company.
"The overlap between products and vertical relationship between parties is insignificant and would not raise any competition concerns in India. Further, based on the total market value of the steel industry in India, the market shares of Daido and Sunflag are also insignificant," CCI explained.
02:00pm Equity benchmarks hit another record high in afternoon trade with the Nifty surpassing 8150 level, up 63.55 points to 8150.40 supported by banks, technology, FMCG and oil & gas stocks. The Sensex rose 212.58 points to 27239.28.
About 1992 shares have advanced, 902 shares declined, and 94 shares are unchanged.
India's largest lenders State Bank of India, ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank gained 0.9-1.6 percent while FMCG majors ITC and HUL advanced 0.8-1.3 percent.
State-run oil major ONGC remained on buyers' radar, up 2 percent after Bank of America Merrill Lynch upgraded the stock to buy from neutral as it expects more gains from oil reforms than earlier. "Main reason for our optimism is recent press reports which suggest equal subsidy sharing by ONGC-Oil India and the government. ONGC is better off under equal subsidy sharing than under the Parikh formula, which we were earlier assuming," the brokerage explains.
Technology majors TCS, Infosys and Wipro gained 0.8-1.3 percent. Deutsche Bank advises buying Wipro with a target price of Rs 650 and TCS with a target price of Rs 3,100. The brokerage recommends holding Infosys with target price of Rs 3,400.
However, HDFC, Mahindra and Mahindra, Tata Power and NTPC fell 0.7-1.6 percent.
13:00

Quartz Daily BriefEurope editionUkraine ceasefire shaky  Ebola vaccine trial  asteroid near-miss  gutter oil mooncakesSeptember 8, 2014
What to watch for today
Ukraine’s ceasefire looks shaky. The three-day-old truce between Kyiv and pro-Russian rebels  may crumble , with reports of fighting near Donetsk airport and shelling near the city of Mariupol.
The US readies a game plan for  the Islamic State. President Barack Obama is  preparing to present a case  for broader military action without getting ensnared in the broader regional conflict. Meanwhile, the Arab League said it would support international action, implicitly endorsing US and Iraqi efforts.
Economic updates for the UK. The British Retail Consortium will report on how retail sales fared in August, and an improvement is expected .
Alibaba begins its investor roadshow. The Chinese internet giant is meeting  investors in the US and Asia  in a 10-day tour ahead of its IPO, which will seek to raise up to $24.3 billion and value the company at a record-setting $155 billion. Potential investors are looking for answers about the company’s recent $4.6 billion M&A shopping spree .
News from Boeing and Ryanair. Ryanair is reportedly looking to order 100 to 150 of Boeing’s latest jetliners , the 737 MAX 8, in a deal that would be worth an estimated $10 billion.
Over the weekend
So far, so good for the Ebola vaccine. Human tests will begin for GlaxoSmithKline’s experimental drug  following a  successful five-week monkey trial . Separately, Sierra Leone announced a four-day curfew that will confine citizens to their homes in order to “ deal with the spread of Ebola once and for all .”
A majority of Scots favored independence for the first time. With less than two weeks to go before the Scottish referendum, a new poll has  pro-independence voters ahead  51% to 49%—a dramatic turnaround from a month ago, when polls showed a double-digit lead for unionists.
Japan’s economy is shrinking. The country’s second-quarter GDP plunge was revised down even further, to a 7.1% decline from 6.8% , as prime minister Shinzo Abe’s tax hike hurt even more than expected. The shrinkage was due to a drop in both capital expenditure and consumer spending , putting pressure on the central bank to expand its stimulus program.
Greece’s economy is growing again. The beneficiary of two huge bailouts from the European Union and the IMF is due to report its first quarterly expansion since 2008, its  finance minister said . The Greek economy is expected to grow 0.6% this year—a triumph after years of painful austerity.
China’s exports are booming. The world’s second-largest economy reported a record trade surplus of $49.8 billion. Officials said that overseas shipments rose by a better-than-expected 9.4%, and imports decreased by 2.4%.
A kickback scandal hit Brazil’s presidential candidates candidates. Both incumbent Dilma Rousseff and opposition candidate Marina Silva have been pulled into a scandal after a former director with state-owned Petrobras named politicians, including the candidates’ colleagues, who allegedly pocketed bribes.
An asteroid just missed Earth. The rock known as Pitbull is 60 feet in diameter—similar to the asteroid that blew up over Russia last year. It was  25,000 miles (40,000 km) away  at its closest point, or just beyond the orbit of geostationary satellites.
Quartz  obsession  interlude
Matt Philips on how American families are learning the difference between median and mean.” That’s why, despite the fact that mean income rose 4% to $87,200 per family, median income actually fell by 5% to $46,700 between 2010 and 2013.The mean was driven by the fact that the highest percentile of the income distribution saw their income surge by 10% to $397,500 between 2010 and 2013.”  Read more here .
Matters of debate
People don’t mind dirty restaurants so long as they are authentic. Especially when it comes to  Asian food .
Banning laptops and tablets in cafés can be profitable. One coffee shop  found people spent more  when they surfed less.
Tech startups don’t need project managers. Or  meetings, offices, or email .
Not all futurists are useless. A technique called “superforecasting” makes  reasonably good predictions  (paywall).
Failure is the secret to successful exams. Botching a pre-test  makes you learn more quickly.
Surprising discoveries
Most people don’t mind if you recline your seat. Only  41% of fliers  think it’s rude.
The US has more dollar stores than McDonald’s.  And there are  14,000 Golden Arches .
Donkey Kong has a new score to beat. The  previous record  lasted four years.
Some Taiwanese mooncakes taste even worse than usual. They may have been tainted with “gutter oil” recycled from kitchen waste, leather plants, and slaughterhouses.
Online gaming can shed light on the real world. Pricing and wealth work the same way in virtual and actual realms.
Click here for  more surprising discoveries  on Quartz.
Our best wishes for a productive day. Please send any news, comments, asteroid dust, and Ms. Pac-Man high scores to  hi@qz.com . You can follow us  on Twitter here  for updates throughout the day.
Share this:

Karnataka Bank appoints new additional directorKarnataka Bank appoints new additional director
A J Vinayak
Tweet
Mangalore, Sept 8:  
Karnataka Bank Ltd has appointed BA Prabhakar, former Chairman and Managing Director (CMD) of Andhra Bank, as an Additional Director of the bank.
The bank informed the BSE on Monday that the board, which met on September 6, has appointed Prabhakar as an Additional Director of the bank.
Prabhakar, a chartered accountant, retired as CMD of Andhra Bank in August 2013. Prior to that, he had served as the Executive Director of Bank of India from October 2008 to December 2011. Before that, Prabhakar had served Bank of Baroda from October 1977 to October 2008, the statement said.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Audio

Saradha scam: CBI interrogates Congress  Trinamool associatesIANS |  Kolkata Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 12:59 PM IST
Saradha scam: CBI interrogates Congress, Trinamool associates
With the CBI making steady headway in the case, the Trinamool has accused the agency of being "politically used"
Kolkata businessman Asif Khan, a former convenor of the Trinamool Congress' Uttar Pradesh unit, and Badal Bhattacharya, a close aide of Congress leader Somen Mitra, Monday appeared before the CBI for questioning in the multi-crore rupee Saradha scam.
Besides Bhattacharya and Khan, Prasanta Pramanik - the president of the Majhi & Dari Workers Union Dakshineswar - too reached the CBI office for questioning about alleged links with the scam.
Khan, whose house was raided by the CBI Aug 29, has alleged involvement of his own party leaders in the scam.
"Some of these leaders, who had to go to sleep without food, have now amassed assets worth Rs.500 crore to Rs.1,000 crore. I do not know who gave them the money or from where it was accumulated," Khan said earlier in the week.
With the CBI making steady headway in the case, the Trinamool has accused the agency of being "politically used".
The agency has already grilled Bapi Karim, a former confidential assistant to West Bengal Sports and Transport Minister and Trinamool Congress leader Madan Mitra.
Besides, it again took the custody of suspended Trinamool MP Kunal Ghosh.
Ghosh, who has repeatedly alleged the involvement of the Trinamool top leadership, Saturday dropped a bombshell saying he should be jointly interrogated with Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee and scam kingpin Sudipta Sen.
Meanwhile, Ghosh Sunday alleged that Trinamool secretary general Partha Chatterjee and party leader in the Lok Sabha Sudip Bandyopadhyay had travelled to New Delhi for the inauguration of Saradha's media foray.
Ghosh made these allegations outside the Salt Lake CGO complex when he was being whisked out by CBI officers.
 Advertisements

Driven by mobile  over 1 billion videos viewed everyday on FacebookAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Samsung Galaxy Note 4 smartphone priced at Rs 56KAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Srinagar: Flood-hit civilians decry doctors’ indifference as newborn babies dieIndian laborers carry relief material for flood-affected victims in Poonch, around 276 kilometers (166 miles) from Jammu. ( Source: AP )
Written by Pranav Kulkarni | Srinagar | Posted: September 8, 2014 3:10 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 3:16 pm
Amongst the overflowing occupants of the 92 base hospital at the Badamibagh cantonment are six infants in incubators between the age group of 4 to 17 days who were rescued by the army . Seven more children were brought dead and have been kept in the mortuary.
Thirty five year old Javed Bhat’s wife delivered a baby boy five days ago in Sopore. When the baby did not cry, Bhat was advised to bring him to GB Pant ICU in an ambulance. Three days later, Bhat and his two-day old son were isolated on the second floor of the hospital with his mother still in Sopore and clueless whether her baby is alive or dead.
“It was Friday and half of the people said that there will not be floods . I was worried because the baby’s mother was not with him. I bought food from outside but the baby wasn’t consuming that. Instead, he was shivering. We kept shouting that please save us. Finally, yesterday (Sunday), an army boat came and rescued us along with other parents and their babies,” said Bhat.
The anger amongst civilian population against the GB Pant hospital was clearly visible as Younis Ahmed, 30, resident of Sharifabad, who has a ten-day old baby, said, “Ten babies died in front of me in the hospital. The doctors and the staff there would cook and have food on the top floor, even as the patients and crying children were left unfed and deprived of medicines. They were more bothered about the mobile connectivity and about the fact that their cars were submerged in water”.
Gousia Jan, 20, a resident of Pral, spent seven days in G B Pant hospital and she was rescued on Sunday evening by the army’s rescue boats. Fourteen boats from the Badamibagh relief centre have been relentlessly doing the rounds of Srinagar city through roads that have turned into a river, a total of 130 patients, including children and elderly, are feared to have been trapped inside the hospital.
Brig N S Lamba, director, 92, base hospital, said, “I have a capacity of 600 patients and presently we already have 500. This, when my own army personnel are being treated elsewhere. The seven dead children who are a few days old have been kept in the mortuary. We are expecting the number of patients continued…

Death toll reaches 180  flood situation remains grim in J-KThe death toll from flooding in Jammu and Kashmir climbed to 180 on Monday as relief and rescue operations were stepped up with the Indian Air Force (IAF) using helicopters and planes to rescue those stranded in the worst-affected areas.
  
Play Pause
A soldier carries a toddler as evacuated families alight from an Indian Air Force Mi-17 helicopter flying a rescue sortie in the Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir. (AFP Photo)
Tourists who were rescued by the army from the flooded areas wait to be transported to Jammu at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Men remove debris of their house that was damaged in floods on the banks of the Tawi River in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A villager salvages belongings in his flood-devastated home in Poonch, some 240 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
A lady along with her child salvages usable items from her destroyed house after flash floods hit Majheen village about 20 km from Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Laborers carry relief material for flood-affected victims in Poonch, around 276 kilometers (166 miles) from Jammu. (AP Photo)
Indian army soldiers load onto a helicopter relief material for flood victims at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
An aerial view of a flood affected Pargwal village along River Chenab, in Jammu.(Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
Helicopters carrying out rescue, relief & evacuation of people marooned during the flood fury in Jammu and Kashmir. (Photo by IAF)
Indian villagers look on at a missing section of a bridge across the overflowing Tawi river that was swept away as flooding continues in the Mandal area of Jammu. (AFP ...
People look at a bridge across the Tawi River that was damaged in the floods at Mandal village on the outskirts of Jammu.(AP Photo)
Indian residents look on towards threatened houses as waters from the overflowing Tawi river rage past in Jammu. (AFP Photo)
Trucks stands stranded due to heavy rain fall in Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Onlookers stand on the debris of a house that was damaged by floodwaters on the banks of the river Tawi after heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Indian villagers look across the Chenab river at a half-submerged temple and homes at Akhnoor, some 30 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
People ride their vehicles in a bridge across a river flooded following monsoon rains in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A view of residential areas adjoining Tawi river during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
An army jawan alerts people over rising water level as heavy rains continue to lash Jammu on Friday. (PTI Photo)
A man holding umbrella looks on as Tawi river rages dangerously during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
Water from the overflowing river Tawi floods a temple of Lord Ganesh, the deity of prosperity, during heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Officials said the toll could go up as 30 more people could be feared dead in Udhampur district of Jammu region.
The IAF has deployed 16 medium lift helicopters, nine light helicopters and seven transport aircraft for the rescue and relief operations.
The Indian Army has deployed 130 columns, with 70-100 personnel in each column, which have rescued at least 14,800 people. Fifty Army Medical Teams have also been pressed into service.
The Centre has rushed six National Disaster Response Forces (NDRF) teams, who were airlifted by from Delhi, Bathinda, Pune and Ahmedabad to Srinagar and Avantipur, equipped with boats and other flood relief equipment.
Watch: Monsoon floods kill hundreds in India, Pakistan
Army and IAF choppers have also airdropped relief material at many places in Jammu.
NDRF and state police personnel say it has been extremely difficult to manually clear areas as they have not been able to use machines to remove earth.
Jammu-Srinagar national highway too remained closed for the fifth consecutive day while the pilgrimage to Vaishno Devi shrine has resumed.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who flew over the flooded areas on Sunday, announced a grant of Rs. 1,000 crore and said the crisis was “a national level disaster”.
“I want to tell people of the region that we will do everything possible to get them out of this disaster,” he said.
 
The state’s worst flooding in 60 years has submerged villages, ruined crops, snapped communication links and left thousands homeless.
Read: We will reach you all, Omar assures locals
Srinagar submerged
Most of the Srinagar is submerged in water with all lines of communications snapped in the city. Though, there are no reports of any loss of life in the city.
At least 6,000 tourists, who are stranded in the state’s capital, are desperately trying to reach out to their relatives and friends but have not been able to establish any contact with them.
There have been numerous complaints about the slow response of the administration. The authorities themselves are finding it difficult to evacuate the people as there very few elevated areas in Srinagar.
The water level in Jhelum has reached 18 feet, breached embankments and flooded the Srinagar city affecting Rajbagh, Jawahar Nagar, Shivpora and Indranagar areas. At many places, the water has reached up to the first story-level of the homes.
The Badami Bagh Cantonment in Srinagar city is also affected. The army has pressed 84 columns with teams of 15 engineers into service to bring the affected people to safety. The teams have also saved 1,400 army personnel.
An army spokesperson said relief operation in remote area south Kashmir will be started soon.

Hope to bring down debt to Rs 400 cr: Sakthi SugarsWe can go up to Rs 100 crore plus but we have not decided how much we are going to sell and clear the liability
M Manickam
MD
Sakthi Sugars
Sakthi Sugars  plans to monetise certain non-core assets and to use the proceeds for reduction of liabilities to lenders. The current debt of the company is around Rs 600 crore and the company plans to bring it down to Rs 400 crore, says MD M Manickam. The company currently holds non-core assets worth Rs 100 crore.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: What is the total value of your non-core assets and how much of that monetisation can you achieve in FY15?
A: We are looking at traditional land bank that we have in the company and are also looking at monetising that and one or two other assets. We have got the enabling resolution. We haven’t looked at the quantum that we will be doing. First we will be getting the feedback from the market and then we will decide how much of non-core assets will we be selling.
Q: Have you done a valuation?
A: Valuation is fairly good. We can go up to Rs 100 crore plus but we have not decided how much we are going to sell and clear the liability.
Q: By what maximum amount will you possibly look to reduce your debt? Would it be Rs 100 crore considering the valuation is Rs 100 crore?
A: Yes. It should be minimum of Rs 100 crore.
Q: And the maximum?
A: We are targeting around Rs 100 crore.
Q: What would you entire debt figure stand at, at this point in time?
A: Today with institutions and banks we have about Rs 600 crore
Q: What would you ideally like to bring it down to?
A: We would like to bring it to Rs 400 crore but it will be measure of this plus the operational efficiencies because the cogeneration plant is going to be running independently and so, we expect some generation out of that as well.
Sakthi Sugars stock price
On September 10, 2014, Sakthi Sugars closed at Rs 19.10, up Rs 0.25, or 1.33 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 27.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 12.35.
The latest book value of the company is Rs 40.31 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 0.47.
RELATED NEWS

Nifty hits 8150; banks  IT  oil gas  FMCG stocks leadSep 08, 2014, 03.46 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex ends 293 pts higher; NTPC, M&M, Tata Power fall
Hindalco, ONGC, SBI, Wipro and HUL were top gainers in the Sensex. Among the top losers are NTPC, M&M, Tata Power and BHEL.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex ends 293 pts higher; NTPC, M&M, Tata Power fall
Hindalco, ONGC, SBI, Wipro and HUL were top gainers in the Sensex. Among the top losers are NTPC, M&M, Tata Power and BHEL.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 pm Market closing
The market made a spectacular comeback with hefty returns on Monday, at record closing high. The Sensex was up 293.15 points or 1 percent at 27319.85 and the Nifty was up 81.05 points or 1 percent at 8167.90. About 2067 shares have advanced, 962 shares declined, and 95 shares are unchanged.
Hindalco, ONGC, SBI, Wipro and HUL were top gainers in the Sensex. Among the top losers are NTPC, M&M, Tata Power and BHEL.
03:00pm Strong growth likely in domestic paint industry
The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (ASSOCHAM), on September 4, said Indian paint industry is likely to surge from the current level of about Rs 40,600 crore to about Rs 62,000 crore by 2016 witnessing a breathtaking double-digit compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of about 20 percent.
The factors that have fuelled the paint industry's growth are the rise in disposable income and education, increasing urbanisation, development of the rural market and various launches of many innovative products, it added.
As per the ASSOCHAM recent report on 'Indian paint Industry: 2014' reveals that India is the second-largest consumer of paint in Asia. Top players include Asian Paints, Kansai Nerolac Paints, Berger Paints, AkzoNobel, Nippon Paints and Shalimar Paints, added the report.
02:40pm Interview
Talleen Kumar, CEO & MD, Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor Development Corporation expects phase I of India’s largest infrastructure project to be completed by 2019. This phase will involve construction of Dholera Special Investment Region in Gujarat and Shendra-Bidkin Industrial Park in Mahashtra. These two are part of the 8 smart industrial cities that have been planned along the length of the corridor.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Kumar said environment clearances for Dholera were in place, and that bidding process for both Dholera and Shendra would be rolled out in December this year.
Kumar said DMICDC has decided to go ahead with five cities in all, the other three being in Greater Noida, Madhya Pradesh and Haryana.
"In all these five cities, we have land available with us. The state government has been very proactive in making land available to us and that is the reason why we are able to move ahead in these five cities," he said.
Kumar admitted that land acquisition would turn out to be a major challenge for state governments as the project progressed.
"The land acquisition has been a challenging task for state government especially since the acquisition of the new Land Acquisition Act. We have to solve this problem if industrial cities have to come up," Kumar said.
02:20pm Sunflag Iron in News
Investors bought more shares of Sunflag Iron and Steel Company on the news of funds infusion by Japanese company. The stock rallied as much as 9 percent to hit a 52-week high of Rs 33.70 on the Bombay Stock Exchange, in addition to 10 percent upmove on Friday.
A meeting of the board of directors of the company will be held on September 11, to issue and allotment of 1,80,21,945 equity shares to Daido Steel Company, Japan on preferential basis, amongst others, said the company in its filing.
The Competition Commission of India, on August 27, had cleared the proposal of acquisition of 10 percent stake in company by Daido Steel Company.
"The overlap between products and vertical relationship between parties is insignificant and would not raise any competition concerns in India. Further, based on the total market value of the steel industry in India, the market shares of Daido and Sunflag are also insignificant," CCI explained.
02:00pm Equity benchmarks hit another record high in afternoon trade with the Nifty surpassing 8150 level, up 63.55 points to 8150.40 supported by banks, technology, FMCG and oil & gas stocks. The Sensex rose 212.58 points to 27239.28.
About 1992 shares have advanced, 902 shares declined, and 94 shares are unchanged.
India's largest lenders State Bank of India, ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank gained 0.9-1.6 percent while FMCG majors ITC and HUL advanced 0.8-1.3 percent.
State-run oil major ONGC remained on buyers' radar, up 2 percent after Bank of America Merrill Lynch upgraded the stock to buy from neutral as it expects more gains from oil reforms than earlier. "Main reason for our optimism is recent press reports which suggest equal subsidy sharing by ONGC-Oil India and the government. ONGC is better off under equal subsidy sharing than under the Parikh formula, which we were earlier assuming," the brokerage explains.
Technology majors TCS, Infosys and Wipro gained 0.8-1.3 percent. Deutsche Bank advises buying Wipro with a target price of Rs 650 and TCS with a target price of Rs 3,100. The brokerage recommends holding Infosys with target price of Rs 3,400.
However, HDFC, Mahindra and Mahindra, Tata Power and NTPC fell 0.7-1.6 percent.
13:00

J&K floods: Restoring telecommunication lines is priority  says Telecom MinisterWatch: Former MP Saifuddin Soz heckled by flood victims in Srinagar
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

J&K floods: 870 people evacuated from JammuWatch: Former MP Saifuddin Soz heckled by flood victims in Srinagar
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Fishermen killing: SC exempts one of the Italian marines from appearanceUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Monday sought response from the Centre on a plea by one of the Italian marines, facing murder charges in India, to travel to his country for medical treatment for two months.
The apex court also exempted Italian marine Massimiliano Latorre, who suffered brain stroke on August 31, from appearing before the Chanakyapuri Police Station once a week as a condition of his bail.
A bench headed by Chief justice RM Lodha asked Additional Solicitor General (ASG) PS Narsimha to file the Centre's response by September 12 when it will hear the matter.
Senior advocates Soli Sorabjee and KTS Tulsi appeared for the Italian marines Salvatore Girone and Lattore.
The bench also comprising justices Kurien Joseph and RF Nariman asked the ASG to make the stand clear whether the Centre has any serious objection to the plea of the ailing marine.
Senior advocates Soli Sorabjee and KTS Tulsi appeared for the Italian marines Salvatore Girone and Lattore.
Tulsi submitted that Italian Ambassador to India, Daniele Mancini, who was present in the court room, is ready to give any undertaking in this regard.
Latorre had submitted a request to the Supreme Court to allow him to return to Italy for his "more rapid and complete recovery".
The case pertains to the killing of two Indian fishermen allegedly by Italian marines Latorre and Girone on board ship 'Enrica Lexie' off Kerala coast on February 15, 2012.
On January 18, 2013, the Supreme Court had directed the National Investigation Agency (NIA) to probe the case against the marines and directed the Centre to set up a special court to conduct the trial on a day-to-day basis after the charge sheet is filed.
On March 28, however, the accused Italian marines had moved the apex court challenging the jurisdiction of NIA to prosecute and probe the case.

Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund begins process of merging ING Mutual Fund schemesBirla Sun Life Mutual Fund begins process of merging ING Mutual Fund schemes
Microsoft revamps MSN to flow across devicesMicrosoft revamps MSN to flow across devices
PTI
Tweet
New York, Sept 8:  
Microsoft is giving its MSN news service a crisper look, new lifestyle tools and seamless syncing across devices.
The company says the revamped site fits in with Microsoft’s overall strategy of making mobile phones and Internet—based services priorities as its traditional businesses, Windows and Office software installed on desktops, slow down or decline.
The changes also come as people increasingly read news on smartphones and tablets rather than desktop computers.
Rather than being simply an entry point for accessing the rest of the Internet, the revamped MSN is aiming to become a daily part of life for its 400 million monthly users worldwide.
Besides news culled from other media outlets, MSN will have such tools as a symptom checker and a shopping list maker for recipes.
“It’s not just about finding that great article on Beyonce,” said Stefan Weitz, senior director, operating system and services at Microsoft. “It’s also about helping you fix a great dinner and manage your flights.”
One key improvement will be an ability to sync across all devices. So if you are logged in and make a shopping list for a recipe on your desktop, it will automatically appear on the MSN app on your phone.
The changes mirror what Microsoft is doing with its latest version of its Windows operating system. CEO Satya Nadella has acknowledged the headache the company had created for software developers by making multiple versions of Windows that work differently on phones, PCs and tablets, Xbox and other devices. With the next version of Windows, Microsoft plans to unify the system so developers can create apps that work on many devices at once.
A preview of the new MSN site will be available Monday.
The new site will roll out more widely later this month.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Indian Navy joins flood rescue mission in J&KIndian Navy joins flood rescue mission in J&K
PTI
Tweet
Jammu, Sept 8:  
Navy commandos today joined the massive rescue operations being carried out by the Army, Air Force and NDRF in flooded parts of Kashmir Valley, rescuing around 200 stranded people on the Srinagar—Sopore Highway.
Deployed for the first time to carry out rescue efforts in the flood—hit state, Naval marine commandos have rescued people caught in flood waters at Haigaon on the Srinagar—Sopore Highway, an Army official said.
“Rescue efforts are now continuing near Pantha Chowk, Srinagar,” he said.
Naval diving teams are also on standby at New Delhi, Mumbai and Vishakhapatnam for the rescue efforts. A medical team is standby at Delhi for immediate deployment.
The Army and IAF have, meanwhile, extended rescue and relief operation to South Kashmir
Helicopters have airlifted four boats and a medical team to Anantnag district in South Kashmir, a Defence Spokesman said.
The weather being clear, a number of helicopters have been pressed into action to transport rescue and relief material to isolated areas of South Kashmir, he said.
Relief camps have also been set up at Avantipur and Anantnag to help the flood—hit people, the spokesman said.
Heavy floods have wreaked havoc in Jammu and Kashmir, leaving nearly 150 people dead.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Over 5 200 people rescued by NDRF in J&KPress Trust of India | Srinagar/jammu | Posted: September 8, 2014 3:34 pm
Over 5,200 people have been rescued till now by a 700-strong NDRF team taking part in relief and rescue operations in flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir.
The central control room of the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) in Delhi said a total of 17 teams of the force with 118 boats have been deployed in the affected areas.
“So far, NDRF teams engaged in rescue and relief work have evacuated more than 5,246 victims, 5,223 from Kashmir region and 23 from Jammu. Besides, thirteen bodies were also recovered by NDRF in Jammu region. The operations are still on,” the government said.
The rescue and evacuation operation by the NDRF has entered the fourth day and 17 teams of NDRF comprising more than 700 rescuers and life saving equipment are working relentlessly in adverse conditions to provide immediate relief to the victims.
Two Deputy Inspectors General (DIG) and as many Commandants are also present at the location to supervise the on-going rescue operation, it said.

Bring literacy rate on par with world’s leading societies: Pranab MukherjeePrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 3:33 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 3:35 pm
On Monday President Pranab Mukherjee emphasised on stepping up efforts toward complete eradication of illiteracy from the country with enhanced focus on improving literacy rate among SC, ST, minorities and disadvantaged sections of the society.
“Our objective should be to bring the literacy rate not only on par with the world average but to the levels attained by the leading societies of the world,” he said while addressing the ‘International Literacy Day’ function here.
Invoking Mahatma Gandhi, who had said that illiteracy is a sin and shame and must be eradicated, Mukherjee encouraged the corporate and private sectors, voluntary agencies and civil society organisations to make efforts to improve adult literacy.
The country’s march toward “total literacy” will depend on meaningful and effective advocacy and support of society at large to bring illiterates into the mainstream of literacy, he said.
“Today, more than 67 years after our Independence, where are we? The literacy rate has increased by four times from 18 per cent in 1951 to about 74 per cent in 2011. Despite this, our literacy level is below the world average of 84 per cent,” the President said.
While the country has set a target of 80 per cent literacy by the end of the 12th Plan, Mukherjee said during this period the Government would also seek to reduce the gender gap from 16 to 10 percentage points.
“Uneven” progress in adult literacy should also be addressed as while on one hand states like Kerala, Himachal Pradesh and Mizoram have done reasonably well, many other States are lagging behind, he said.
Mukherjee said gender disparity also needs attention as male and female literacy rates stand at 80.89 and 64.64 per cent respectively.
The President also lauded the efforts of National Literacy Mission in enhancing its focus on female literacy and also hailed the efforts of the learners and neo-literates under the Saakshar Bharat Programme who participated in an assessment and certification initiative.
“It is satisfying to see that since the introduction of this programme, about 2.86 crore learners have been certified as literate and awarded certificates by the National Institute of Open Schooling,” he said.
Mukherjee also expressed satisfaction over corporate and private sector joining Government’s efforts in the literacy initiative and sought involvement of all stakeholders in the literacy drive.
“I am happy to learn that this has had a good response. I would, therefore, take this opportunity to call upon State Governments, Panchayati Raj Institutions on one hand and on the other, appeal all the stakeholders in a resurgent India – the corporate and private sectors, voluntary agencies and civil society organisations to work together, in unison and with greater vigour to realise this goal,” he added.

India s rank slip on effective stock market ...India slips in global ranking on effective stock market regulation
PTI Sep 8, 2014, 02.35PM IST
Tags:
benchmark
(The findings are part of…)
NEW DELHI: Indian capital markets may be riding high on positive investor sentiments, but the latest report by World Economic Forum (WEF) shows that the country has plunged 35 places to 62nd rank in terms of effective regulation of the stock exchanges.
The country, last year, stood at the 27th spot for effective regulation and supervision of securities exchanges.
South Africa is on the top followed by Finland, Hong Kong SAR, Luxembourg and Singapore in this category, says the report.
Besides, neighbouring countries Pakistan and China are also placed at a better position than India on the parameter at 51 and 58 position respectively.
The findings are part of WEF's Global Competitiveness report 2014-15, where India has been ranked among a total 144 countries across the globe.
The performance review was based on 12 pillars including development of the financial markets. A value of 1 for regulation of exchanges implies 'not at all effective' while 7 represents 'extremely effective'.
Meanwhile, the country has also slipped to the 39th place from 18th rank in terms of easiness for companies to raise money by issuing shares on the stock market , the report said.
Hong Kong SAR followed by Taiwan, China and South Africa were found to be countries where raising money through equity markets was the easiest.
Meanwhile, India has shown improvement with regard to strength of investor protection.
The country has been ranked at 34th place along with Pakistan, Montenegro and Chile, among others, in the report.
WEF's last year report had ranked India at 41st position with regard to 'strength in investor protection'.
A host of positive developments on domestic as well as global front has helped the Indian capital markets go on winning spree in the recent times.
According to a report by Bank of America Merrill Lynch, the Indian benchmark Sensex is the best performing index among major global markets so far in 2014 and is expected to double over the next four years.
Continuing their record setting spree, both the benchmark indices, Sensex and Nifty surged to their historic intra-day peaks of 27,225.85 and Nifty 8,141.90 last week on aggressive buying as a result of strong foreign capital inflows on the back of robust economic growth.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex closes 298 points up; Nifty near 8 170 | Oil falls below $100Brent crude
(Weak economic growth combined…)
LONDON: Brent crude oil fell below $100 a barrel for the first time in 14 months on Monday as Chinese and US data pointed to slower-than-expected growth in the world's top oil consumers.
Weak economic growth combined with ample supply has pushed oil prices down from a high for the year above $115 hit in June.
Saudi Arabia and other OPEC producers have said they prefer oil above $100. Prices below this level will put pressure on the budgets of many exporters, and could encourage some producers to pump less in an attempt to support the market.
Brent fell to a low of $99.76 a barrel, down $1.06 and its lowest since June 2013, before recovering slightly to trade around $99.95 by 0845 GMT. The benchmark fell $1.01 to settle at $100.82 a barrel on Friday, recording its third weekly drop in four.
US crude slipped 60 cents to $92.69 a barrel after settling at $93.29 on Friday for its sixth weekly drop in seven.
The price fall followed data showing China's import growth fell unexpectedly for the second consecutive month in August, posting its worst performance in over a year as domestic demand faltered.
It was the second straight month of weak import growth, raising concerns that tepid domestic demand exacerbated by a cooling housing market is increasingly weighing on the economy.
"The Chinese data, with imports showing disappointing results, indicates the domestic economy remains quite weak," said Victor Shum, senior partner at oil consultancy Purvin & Gertz.
Brent and US crude futures both fell on Friday after US non-farm payrolls rose by just 142,000 in August, well below a forecast 225,000, casting doubt on the pace of growth in the world's biggest oil-consuming economy.
Oil prices are now too low for many OPEC countries to cover all their spending needs, analysts and economists say.
Although the cost of getting oil out of the ground is low in most countries in the cartel, growing social spending and ambitious infrastructure plans mean many oil producers now earn less from their oil sales than they need to fund their budgets.
But oil producers have limited room for manoeuvre. Some analysts have suggested that Saudi Arabia, the biggest producer in OPEC, may be reluctant to cut output to support pries if it means losing market share.
"The fall in prices is a temporary thing. They are still within the acceptable range," an OPEC delegate from a Gulf country said.
"We are now approaching winter so the prices are expected to rise," said the delegate, who declined to be identified.
Investors kept a close eye on geopolitical concerns in Europe and the Middle East, especially on the impact the tensions could have on European demand.
A ceasefire in Ukraine was largely holding, although there had been sporadic fire overnight.
The European Union is expected to implement a further round of sanctions against Russia over the Ukraine crisis on Monday, which could target oil company Rosneft, units of Gazprom and 24 individuals.
President Barack Obama will brief lawmakers and make a televised address this week to explain how the United States will tackle the threat posed by Islamic State militants who have overrun parts of Iraq and Syria.
Fighting flared between rival groups in Benghazi and near the Libyan capital, Tripoli, on Sunday, killing at least 15 people and leading to fears the OPEC producer will become a failed state.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nithyananda undergoes medical examination in BangaloreUpdated: September 8, 2014 22:27 IST
Nithyananda undergoes potency test
The Hindu Swami Nithyananda arriving at Victoria Hospital for the potency test in Bangalore on Monday. Photo : Bhagya Prakash K.
TOPICS
sexual assault & rape
Five days after the Supreme Court directed the self-styled godman Swami Nithyananda to undergo a potency test in a 2010 rape case, Nithyananda underwent the test here on Monday at the Institute of Nephro-Urology on the campus of the State-run Victoria Hospital.
Although the potency test was completed within five hours and ended around 1 p.m., Nithyananda came out of the hospital in a wheelchair around 4.50 p.m., and was rushed into the ambulance and taken to the Forensic Science Laboratory, Madiwala. Police personnel and his associates surrounded him to prevent the media from taking photographs.
There was high drama at the hospital with huge deployment of police personnel and scores of presspersons waiting outside the Institute of Nephro-Urology for nearly nine hours. T. Durganna, medical superintendent of Victoria Hospital, said Nithyananda co-operated with the doctors and all tests were conducted on him. “This is a confidential test; we will not be able to disclose the details of the tests,” he said.
A team of six doctors conducted the tests and the samples have been sent to the laboratory. “The results of the test are expected between 24 and 48 hours and the report will be submitted to the CID in a closed envelope,” a hospital source said. The source also added that he had undergone an ultrasound test and blood investigation. Earlier in the day, Nithyananda arrived at the hospital in a car along with his disciples and associates at 7.50 a.m., much before the police personnel arrived. The Supreme Court, last Wednesday, had expressed “extreme displeasure” at the investigation, and had even slammed the accused and the Karnataka police for the “atrocious” delay in the case.
Criminal Investigation Department (CID) officials investigating the case also subjected Nithyananda to a voice sample test at the Forensic Science Laboratory, Madiwala. A senior CID official said the voice samples were collected to match them with alleged telephone conversations and in a video. The report is awaited.
Later in the evening, a crew of a local TV channel created a ruckus by a ramming one of the vehicles belonging to the ashram in Bidadi, the police said.

Sensex Rises Nearly 300 Points  Ends At New HighYou are here: Home Market
Nifty Hits Record High Above 8,150
Reuters | Updated On: September 08, 2014 14:05 (IST)
The Nifty hit fresh all-time high above 8,150 and the Sensex also hits a record high at 27,262.25, surpassing all-time highs hit on Wednesday. The indices were both trading around 0.8 per cent higher in afternoon trade.
Blue chips gained on continued foreign buying with ICICI Bank up 0.8 per cent.
ONGC gained 2 per cent after Bank of America Merrill Lynch upgraded the stock to 'buy' from 'neutral'.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Govt plans to boost flights on low-connectivity routesSep 08, 2014, 03.12 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Govt plans to boost flights on low-connectivity routes
Currently, there are 22 airports in the state but there is no air connectivity from bigger cities like Mumbai, Pune, Nagpur and Aurangabad to smaller towns.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Govt plans to boost flights on low-connectivity routes
Currently, there are 22 airports in the state but there is no air connectivity from bigger cities like Mumbai, Pune, Nagpur and Aurangabad to smaller towns.
Post your opinion here
 
The state government is working on a scheme to provide flights on low-connectivity routes from bigger cities to smaller towns, officials said.
"People have to travel by road from Nagpur to Chandrapur for over three hours whereas by flight the distance can be covered in 25 minutes. However, there is no Nagpur-Chandrapur flight," state general administration department's Additional Chief Secretary P S Meena said.
Airline companies have shown interest in the proposal and selection of operators for the scheme would be done through tenders, he said.
Currently, there are 22 airports in the state but there is no air connectivity from bigger cities like Mumbai, Pune, Nagpur and Aurangabad to smaller towns.
A senior department official informed that the government proposes to reserve few seats on flights operating to the small towns.
"Bureaucrats who need to travel throughout the state, including in remote areas, can use this service. If no one is able to travel, the government will still pay for the tickets," the official said, adding that such a scheme is operational in Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh.
The government is also looking for an alternative land for expansion of Chandrapur airport. There are also plans to construct airports at Parbhani and Gadchiroli. The respective district collectors have been asked to look for land, the official said.
Apart from the existing 22 airports in the state, one each in Shirdi, Navi Mumbai and Sindhudurg are in the process of construction, while in Beed, a proposal for airport did not take off owing to lack of availability of land, he added.
RELATED NEWS

Do you need a financial advisorAnil Rego
Right Horizons
Financial advisors are people who work and help their clients in achieving their financial goals by effectively channelizing their savings into investment and also give financial advice. An individual, firm or organization that provides this service can be called as a Financial Advisor. . A financial advisor is a qualified expert who can give advice a person regarding his investment portfolio and also help in improvising his financial health. The main functions of a financial advisor are:
•    To allocate your funds between various investment avenues in order to achieve your financial goals.
•    To figure out ways in which you can save on taxes.
•    Help you achieve your financial goals based on your cash flow and savings.
•    Give advice on investment avenues you need to choose at different stages of your life in accordance to your income level and financial goals.
Generally people call their financial advisor when they need to make money decisions, especially those pertaining to financial goals, investments, etc. Some of the top reasons that one will call their advisor are:
•    To get information on the various investment avenues available.
•    To understand the current market condition and likely future market situation.
•    To help plan one's finances, create a risk profile, and help in designing a portfolio.
Financial advisors examine the financial history and current status of their client's assets and liabilities to suggest the steps their clients need to take in order to meet his/her goals. It is a broad-based approach towards ones overall financial planning which distinguishes them and their service offerings from other finance professionals.
Financial advisors determine how their clients can meet lifelong financial goals (like retirement planning, purchasing a house, saving for marriage, etc.) through management and investment of their resources.
While choosing a financial advisor know what type of service you are looking for, as this means the difference between an independent financial advisor or restricted financial advisor. An independent financial advisor provides advise on full ranges of investment product available across the market - stocks, mutual funds, insurance, pensions, fixed deposits, etc.; whereas a restricted financial advisor will provide advise only on certain types of products available in the market (eg., only annuities) or recommends products from a very limited set of providers – these financial advisors are typically attached to a bank or financial institution. Independent financial advisors are typically more reliable since they do not represent certain financial providers; rather they work for a fee – making their interests more aligned to the financial well being of their clients.
Financial advisors are critical to one's financial plans, since there are several factors to be considered while making a plan, and as individuals we are likely to be unsure of some aspects of good financial planning. Also, a financial advisor will be able to assess your risk profile, and suggest a model portfolio based on your goals and risk profile – making it a customized/tailor made investment plan for you. Unless one is a financial professional, it is difficult to do this by oneself. A good financial advisor is the key to a good financial plan.
It is important that you choose a financial advisor who is well qualified and authorized to provide financial advice, i.e. ideally they should be a certified financial planner. One should also keep in mind their fees structure before you start working with them.
Summary:
•    You need a financial advisor to track the market condition, to gain a fair knowledge on any cash saving products available in the market, etc.
•    Know what kind of financial advise you need
•    Know whether you want an independent financial advisor or a restricted financial advisor.  

Effective market regulation: India slips in global rankingSep 08, 2014, 03.29 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Effective market regulation: India slips in global ranking
The country, last year, stood at the 27th spot for effective regulation and supervision of securities exchanges.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Effective market regulation: India slips in global ranking
The country, last year, stood at the 27th spot for effective regulation and supervision of securities exchanges.
Post your opinion here
 
Indian capital markets may be riding high on positive investor sentiments, but the latest report by World Economic Forum (WEF) shows that the country has plunged 35 places to 62nd rank in terms of effective regulation of the stock exchanges.
The country, last year, stood at the 27th spot for effective regulation and supervision of securities exchanges.
South Africa is on the top followed by Finland, Hong Kong SAR, Luxembourg and Singapore in this category, says the report.
Besides, neighbouring countries Pakistan and China are also placed at a better position than India on the parameter at 51 and 58 position respectively.
The findings are part of WEF's Global Competitiveness report 2014-15, where India has been ranked among a total 144 countries across the globe.
The performance review was based on 12 pillars including development of the financial markets. A value of 1 for regulation of exchanges implies 'not at all effective' while 7 represents 'extremely effective'.
Meanwhile, the country has also slipped to the 39th place from 18th rank in terms of easiness for companies to raise money by issuing shares on the stock market, the report said.
Hong Kong SAR followed by Taiwan, China and South Africa were found to be countries where raising money through equity markets was the easiest.
Meanwhile, India has shown improvement with regard to strength of investor protection.
The country has been ranked at 34th place along with Pakistan, Montenegro and Chile, among others, in the report.
WEF's last year report had ranked India at 41st position with regard to 'strength in investor protection'.
A host of positive developments on domestic as well as global front has helped the Indian capital markets go on winning spree in the recent times.
Also read:  Re to hold at Rs 58-62/$; RBI to buy $40bn by Mar-16: BofA
According to a report by Bank of America Merrill Lynch, the Indian benchmark Sensex is the best performing index among major global markets so far in 2014 and is expected to double over the next four years.
Continuing their record setting spree, both the benchmark indices, Sensex and Nifty surged to their historic intra-day peaks of 27,225.85 and Nifty 8,141.90 last week on aggressive buying as a result of strong foreign capital inflows on the back of robust economic growth.
RELATED NEWS

How does top up works in health insurance plansRenjith R G
Geojit BNP Paribas
We are all familiar with Life Insurance and to give them the due, Life Insurance Companies have actually done a appreciable job of promoting the product. We can hardly find a regular employed adult without having a Life Insurance, either as Term Insurance, Whole Life Insurance, ULIP, Money Back etc. But how many do actually have a Health Insurance, in its purest form, although some Life Insurance companies do give Health Insurance cover riders along with the full Life Insurance cover.
So what is Health Insurance?
In Simple terms, it is an insurance that is designed to help us meet unforeseen health care and hospitalization requirements. As per FICCI study, only about 30% of our population has any sort of health care facility. These could be in the form of insurance, free health facility etc. But there is need for huge push towards Health Insurance.
Why is then Health Insurance care so poor in India?
Health Insurance is something we forget to notice, either due to lack of awareness or may be feel nothing can happen to our life. This is the biggest misconception that we have. With the rising number of cases of diseases mainly due to the misappropriate standard of living being the major cause of diseases and the ever increasing cost of health care and hospitalization, we are all making a big mistake by ignoring Health Insurance.
Health Insurance has come to occupy an important part of a person’s annual Tax saving option. But we don’t realize that the reason why the premium paid upto Rs15000 for self and dependant families and an additional Rs20000 for parents is exempted from Taxable income. The reason is considering the necessity of the product.
Health Insurance covers come in the form of indemnity cover, personal accident, critical illness and others which support hospital treatment. But will just a normal cover ensure that all will be taken care of. Is it not possible that our expense for a treatment can overshoot the sum insured? What will we do? We are here discussing about Top Up Health Insurance.
Consider an individual; he takes a Family cover of around Rs3Lakhs for his family which for example let’s say consists of him, spouse and two children all depended on him. All three together have the cover. Suppose unfortunately due to an unfortunate emergency the full amount or the major part of the Sum Insured is exhausted, what would you do to meet any additional expense that you might face. You will need to pay the remaining from your savings which in turn can affect other priorities.
In such cases it makes sense to have a top up plan. Having a Top Up Plan along with the normal health cover is as simple has having a Stepny tyre in your Car. It is assumed that in case one tyre bursts, the stepny will help.
Top Up plans in Health Insurance hence gives that additional cover over and above the normal cover. IF and when the normal cover gets exhausted the Top Up Plan gets activated and you can meet any additional expense in the hospitalization requirement.
A top plan not only helps out if you have a normal cover but also in the instance of your cover getting exhausted from what is provided by your employer as well. Many a times we have come across people who believe that when they have a cover from the employer why should they have a top up or a separate cover. Of course when it comes to Group covers, it comes with the cover for pre existing diseases, and maternity (recently some companies have introduced maternity cover but with conditions attached).
Companies will always try to cut short their expenses and can tweak their policies each year, this can hurt at times. Rising costs will make employers think about the benefits they provide and with government run insurance companies being asked to hike the premiums by 50%, many companies who have their group cover from these organizations will have to rework their strategies.
So how does these Top Up Plans work.
Let us consider an example. Let us take an example for a Top Up Plan. It comes with a Sum Insured of Rs10Lakhs with a deductible of Rs3 Lakhs. Now what does that mean?
Suppose a person is hospitalized and has a normal indemnity cover of Rs3 lakhs. Due to the seriousness of the illness or due to part of that amount having already been utilized the cost of the current treatment goes beyond the available limit of Rs3 Lakhs and ends up somewhere around 4 Lakhs. The additional amount of Rs1 Lakh will then be required to be met from other sources most probably from savings.
When you have a Top Up Cover, this additional requirement can be met. When we says that a Top Up plan has a deductible of Rs3Lakhs for a Rs10Lakhs cover, it means, for any bill amount upto Rs3Lakhs will be met by the normal cover and any amount beyond Rs3Lakhs will be met by the Top Up Plan. Here the additional amount of Rs1Lakhs will be met from the Top Up Plan.
Having a Top Up plan as a standalone cover is possible but it is not advisable to do that. Suppose the treatment costs don’t add up much, citing the above example, in case the treatment is running only upto Rs2Lakhs, again you have to depend on other sources. Hence its advisable to have a Top Up along with a normal Health Cover. The above can also work in cases where you have cover from your employer as well.
In Top Up plans the usual mandatory health check up are also at a higher age than what is mentioned for normal cover. Also the Top Up plan can also be taken from different insurer than where you have the normal cover. This can be considered based on the benefits of these plans.
Both your indemnity policy and the top-up plan can be claimed together for single hospitalisation. The first condition to be met is the threshold of the top-up plan. Another criterion is that a top-up plan normally works only on a single incidence of hospitalisation.
This means that you can use the top-up plan only if your medical bills exceed the deducible amount during a single hospitalisation by a single member. If relapse happens within 45 days of discharge from hospital, it is usually considered single illness.
However, if the customer is hospitalised again for the same illness but after 45 days from discharge, it is usually considered a fresh illness. So, the deductible has to be crossed for every single illness for policy benefits to commence.
There are few plans which do not have the limit of single claim but can be claimed for any illness over deductible amount for entire year. This plans are known as super top ups.
So how do you choose a plan. Higher the deductible the cheaper the plans usually are. Choose the plans not just on the basis of Premium but also consider the benefits. More the services and benefits, the higher can the premiums are. Hence choose the right plan but make sure to choose a plan.

Sensex gains almost 300 points; Oil and gas shares leadHi Guest
Sensex, Nifty at record closing high on broad based buying
Markets staged a smart recovery in today's session, to ease past the losses over the last two trading days, on way to set a new record high for both the Sensex and Nifty. The gains were on account of broad based buying and crude dropping below $100 a barrel.  The sentiment was bettered after Goldman Sachs raised its Nifty target to 9,000 points for September 2015. Its previous target was 8,600 points for June 2015. Also, provisional data from the exchanges showed that foreign funds were net ...

Law will take its course: Gowda on son absconding in rape caseLaw will take its course: Gowda on son absconding in rape case
India slips in global ranking on effective stock market regulationIndia slips in global ranking on effective stock market regulation
Flood situation grim in Jammu and Kashmir  rescue operations underwayFlood situation grim in Jammu and Kashmir  rescue operations underway
Bullion mkt closed for Anant Chaturdashi & Ganesha VisarjanBullion mkt closed for Anant Chaturdashi & Ganesha Visarjan
Govt to continue e-auction of coal even after de-allocation of coal blocks: Power MinisterGovt to continue e-auction of coal even after de-allocation of coal blocks: Power Minister
Gujarat s business delegation invites investments from QatarGujarat s business delegation invites investments from Qatar
Sensex up 253 points  set to end on buoyant noteSensex up 253 points  set to end on buoyant note
Buy Strides Acrolab  advises Pritesh MehtaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Strides Acrolab, advises Pritesh Mehta
Pritesh Mehta, Senior Technical Analyst at IIFL recommends buying Strides Arcolab for a target of Rs 750.
Post your opinion here
01:30 pm
Pritesh Mehta, Senior Technical Analyst at IIFL told CNBC-TV18, " Strides Arcolab is a classic case of a range breakout. As a trader we should always respect range breakouts. This crossover has taken place after a long period of consolidation and it has to be respected. Similar scenarios are seen in Strides Acrolab, in fact the consolidation phase was in place for nine weeks. Now it is breaking out on the upside. So buy the stock for a target of Rs 750."
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 588.59 per share. (Jun, 2014). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 1.21. The latest book value of the company is Rs 273.80 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 2.59. The dividend yield of the company was 0.28 percent.
RELATED NEWS

Buy Goodyear  IOC  Oil India: Mayuresh Joshi02:30 pm
Mayuresh Joshi, VP- Institution at Angel Broking told CNBC-TV18, " Goodyear India is a cash rich company, looking at the way the raw material prices have fallen down, Goodyear should perform exceptionally well. So, one can have a look at Goodyear at the current level for a target of Rs 665 placing a stoploss at Rs 620."
"Clearly I think gas pricing is something which is playing on both upstream and downstream companies. If you look at downstream companies the under recoveries are expected to go down in a substantial manner with Brent cracking the USD 100 mark. In that sense itself the working capital requirement should go down for IOC. One can have a look at Indian Oil Corporation  at the current level for a target of Rs 414 placing a stoploss at Rs 390," he added.
"One can pick Oil India . With the kind of Brent movement that you are seeing the under recoveries should go down for the upstream companies as well. Oil India is in a sweet spot to increase its production output from the eastern regions and clearly I think with subsidy sharing going down, that should benefit the stock immensely. So, I think one can have a look at Oil India at the current levels with a target of Rs 675 placing a stoploss at Rs 646."
RELATED NEWS

Lanco cuts down workforce by 30% due to slowdownHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Lanco cuts down workforce by 30% due to slowdown
PTI
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 8:  
Lanco Infratech, which has interests in infrastructure, power and realty segments, retrenched 30 per cent of its 5,700 workforce during the last financial year due to slowdown in development of some of its projects amid subdued market conditions.
According to the latest annual report, the group which had a workforce of 5,700 by the end of March 2013, cut down its workforce to 4,000 by the end of March this year. By the end of FY12, it had nearly 8,000 employees, the report said.
“During the year 2013—14, employee benefits expenses decreased by 38 per cent over the previous year. The decrease was on account of fall in the total number of employees in the group due to a slowdown in the development of future projects as a result of a slowdown in economic activity in the country,” Lanco said in its annual report.
The group spent Rs 353 crore on salaries, allowances and benefits to employees during FY14 as against 549 crore in FY13, as per the data in the annual report.
On a consolidated basis, the company reported gross revenues of Rs 10,597.85 crore in 2013—14 as against Rs 13,887.66 crore in the previous year.
Net loss after tax and adjustment of minority interest and share of profits of associates was Rs 2,273.88 crore, as against Rs 1,073.30 crore for the year 2012—13.
Gross interest and finance charges, on a consolidated basis, amounted to Rs 2,762.12 crore in comparison to Rs 2,421.44 crore due to increase in loans and working capital requirements for project execution, the report said.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Rupee likely to trade at 58-62/USD range: BofA-MLRupee likely to trade in 58-62/USD range: BofA-ML
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 8:  
The appreciation in the US dollar notwithstanding, the rupee is expected to trade in the 58-62 range supported by softening of global oil prices and curbs on gold imports, says a Bank of America Merrill Lynch report.
The global brokerage firm further said that the Reserve Bank of India would need to raise $40 billion by March 2016, just to maintain import cover.
It said the factors that are supporting the Indian rupee include softening of oil prices, continuation of gold import curbs and rising FII equity inflows.
“We expect the RBI to hold at Rs 58-62/USD for now even though the US dollar has strengthened below 1.30/Euro,” BofA-ML said in a research note, adding that rising FII equity inflows at $9.6 billion so far this fiscal has also led to a helping hand to the rupee.
The rupee today recovered by 15 paise to 60.24 against the dollar in early trade on increased selling of the American currency by exporters and banks amid sustained foreign fund inflows.
“We continue to expect RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan to buy FX at Rs 58/USD to guard against contagion,” the report noted.
Rajan has also said that RBI is preparing for any rate hikes by the US Federal Reserve by building an adequate level of foreign exchange.
“Any emerging market today is going to look at the currency volatility and say ‘whatever money comes in, I’m going to be careful about it, I’m going to build some reserves..,” he had said in Chicago last week.
According to the BofA-ML report, restrictions on gold imports are expected to contain the current account deficit at 1.7 per cent of GDP in FY15.
The rupee would price-in the eventual liberalisation of gold imports and this in turn would push up the current account deficit to 2.4 per cent of GDP in FY16, especially if pent up demand leads to a jump in gold imports, it added.
According to BofA-ML, gold prices are expected to be at $1,375/oz in 2015.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Coal India assessing reserves of Mozambique minesPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 03:10 PM IST
Coal India assessing reserves of Mozambique mines
As part of the drive to ramp up production, Coal India Ltd is assessing the reserves at its twin mines in Mozambique.
As part of the drive to ramp up production, Coal India Ltd is assessing the reserves at its twin mines in Mozambique.
"A geological report is under preparation based on the outcome of the exploration programme carried out so far," CIL said in its annual report.
Coal India Africana Limitada (CIAL), a subsidiary of Coal India in Mozambique, undertook explanatory activities which includes drilling of around 35,000 metre in the two coal blocks in the last fiscal, it said.
"Around 15,000 meter of geo-physical logging has been carried out in FY'14," CIL said, adding that the coal samples were being analysed at the labs of Council of Scientific & Industrial Research (CSIR) and Central Mine Planning & Design Institute Ltd (CMPDI).
CIAL had won 5-year licence for exploration and development of mines in Mozambique in August, 2009. Two coal blocks - A1 and A2 - at Motaize in Tete Province of Mozambique, are spread over 200 sq km.
CIL had earlier said that it plans to form a panel of consultants which would help the PSU in acquiring, developing and operating coal mines overseas.
The coal major is eyeing assets abroad to meet the domestic demand.
CIL had earlier invited bids from bankers and interested parties for acquiring assets abroad.
The Coal Ministry had earlier said that acquisition of coal mines overseas should be done in an aggressive manner to meet the country's energy requirements.
In order to tide over the fossil fuel shortages, the government is also planning to import coal.
 Advertisements

Kraft expert has recipe to help kids eat lunchesKraft expert has recipe to help kids eat lunches
Jill Fromer, Getty Images
Kids today are more savvy about their lunches and are willing to try different things.
Kids today are more savvy about their lunches and are willing to try different things. (Jill Fromer, Getty Images)
By Richard Webner, Tribune reporter
Kraft Foods Group Inc. Chicago Public Schools
What are your kids eating for lunch? This Kraft expert has ideas
As a parent, Carrie Conway knows it can be a challenge to pack a nutritious lunch that kids will eat. At work, school lunches also are on her mind: She helps devise recipes for filling children's lunchboxes as culinary group manager at Kraft Kitchens.
Conway's recipes feature the products of Kraft Foods Group, the Northfield-based food and grocery giant that makes lunchroom staples such as Velveeta, Jell-O and Oscar Mayer.
  Open link
With many suburban school districts already in session and Chicago Public Schools starting a new school year Tuesday, parents are mulling what lunches to make for their children. In a phone interview, Conway talked about what parents and children look for in school lunches and revealed some of her tricks for making healthy meals that appeal to children.
Questions and answers have been edited for space and clarity.
Q: How does Kraft research what parents and children want?
A: We talk to our consumers directly. We really want to understand their needs, their challenges. How can we make cooking easier for them? How can we make it more exciting, more delicious? How can we make it more fail-safe when you're sending your kids off with lunch and you don't really know whether they're eating it or not?
Q: What are some concerns parents have about their children's lunches?
A: I think some of it is: "How can I make it easier to get out the door?" And as a parent, I can definitely tell you that's a challenge. A lot of it is planning, prepping, getting your kids to try new things, making sure it's a healthy balance and they're getting everything they need so they have energy to have a great day at school.
Q: How does Kraft respond to those concerns in its recipes?
0
A: If you have a kid who only eats one thing, we offer ways that you can maybe sneak veggies in. We try to make it very visually exciting. One of the recipes we had on our website recently was a cool kind of checkerboard sandwich, using a couple of different kinds of bread.
Q: Have parents' concerns changed over the years?
A: Our lives are definitely a lot more hectic, but I think there's a continuous push to make it more fun and exciting for your kids. A constant struggle to make sure I'm providing the best for my kids in the limited amount of time that I have, and also make it fun for them.
One of the things I like to do is, especially with my older daughter, I get her involved in the kitchen. She's old enough that she can do some of the hands-on stuff. It gives her a little bit of ownership in what's going into her lunch.
Q: What are kids looking for in their lunches?
A: A lot of visual, a lot of texture, flavor. Kids are not just looking for ham and white bread, necessarily. They definitely have a more expanded, global palette. Food we grew up with is no longer considered ethnic, it's considered mainstream American.
Q: What are some of the hip foods for children these days?
A: Some of it is similar to what adults are trying, because parents are becoming aware of food trends. They try them, and I think they're introducing their kids to them more often. When you go to restaurants, you see kids eating sushi or spicy foods such as curry or Mexican food.
I think a big growing influence is farmers markets. You see parents out at the market with their kids, or growing vegetables at home. There's a growing awareness of food and where it comes from and how it fits into their lives.
Q: Parents want healthy food for their children, but kids don't always want healthy foods. What's the answer? How do you take those things into account?
A: It's all about balance and moderation. Kids are kids, and they still like sweet treats that you need to balance out with the healthier stuff. So, I try to offer a little bit of everything. That's why I love the bento boxes, or anything that helps you portion, so you know you're giving your kids the right amounts.
Q: How do you have to make nutritious food fun for kids?
A: When you're trying to look at vegetables — because everyone seems to have a challenge with vegetables for kids — a lot of it is variation, whether it's color, whether it's shape, whether it's cutting them in different ways, whether it's pairing them with something that they do like, whether it's giving them a dipping sauce.
Q: How have your own experiences with your children informed your work?
A: I understand the mindset better of busy parents nowadays. Maybe one or both of them are working out of the house, and so many activities are going on. It makes you more aware of what parents are faced with, and how you can help them out a little bit.

Bloomberg back on top at BloombergMichael Bloomberg is back on top at Bloomberg
By Brian Stelter  @brianstelter September 3, 2014: 10:29 PM ET
 
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Michael Bloomberg, media mogul -- again?
He is one of the richest men in the world. And now, after 12 years as the mayor of New York City, Bloomberg is once again taking over Bloomberg LP, the financial media company that he founded 30 years ago.
His return immediately stirred speculation about how the company -- best known for its data terminals, but determined to be a household name for news, as well -- might evolve in the years ahead.
Bloomberg, the company, announced the leadership change on Wednesday evening. It came about nine months after Bloomberg, the man, left office and began to spend time in his company's newsrooms.
"I never intended to come back to Bloomberg LP after 12 years as mayor," he said in a statement .
Indeed, he said in an interview last fall that "I'm not going back to Bloomberg LP" and that "I want to do a number of different things."
Related: Explore the future of media
While serving as mayor, Bloomberg retained his ownership of the media company, but was not involved in its daily operations. One of his former deputy mayors, Daniel Doctoroff, has been the president of Bloomberg LP since 2008 and the CEO since 2011.
So what happened? The more Bloomberg reacquainted himself with his old company, "the more exciting and interesting I found it -- in large part, due to Dan's efforts," he said in a statement on Wednesday.
"I have gotten very involved in the company again and that led to Dan coming to me recently to say he thought it would be best for him to turn the leadership of the company back to me," he added. "It was a gracious and thoughtful offer and one that I finally accepted after significant pushback and great reluctance."
Related: Bezos picks new Washington Post publisher
Bloomberg and Doctoroff acknowledged in a joint interview with The New York Times that the founder's return had made Doctoroff's job more difficult. Doctoroff told The Times that Bloomberg "is kind of like God at the company."
"You have to understand that when God comes back, things are going to be different. When God reappeared, people defer," he said.
Doctoroff indicated in a press release that he did not have another job lined up. "I welcome the opportunity to embark on a new chapter and, in time, will decide what's next," he said.
What's next for Bloomberg is up to ... Bloomberg. Most of the company's revenues -- which are expected to total $9 billion this year -- come from expensive subscriptions to terminals. Many financial professionals are dependent on the terminals, but Bloomberg is facing competition on a number of fronts, including from some of the big banks that pay big money for subscriptions.
Related: Glenn Beck sought out CNN deal, but talks died fast
In a bid to diversify, the company has expanded into markets like law and alternative energy and has made a number of impressive hires at Bloomberg News and the opinion section Bloomberg View. But there are persistent doubts about the company's commitments to revenue sources that don't involve the terminals.
If Bloomberg the man seeks to broaden his influence, he may double down on the company's news operation. (One of the bullet points in Wednesday's press release said that during Doctoroff's tenure, Bloomberg News enhanced "its global influence through expanded digital and television presence and the acquisition of Bloomberg Businessweek.")
Toward the end of Bloomberg's time in office, there were waves of speculation about his interest in buying The New York Times or the Financial Times. He has generally demurred, but never ruled out a newspaper purchase altogether.
More recently, Bloomberg was asked in a Fox News interview if he'd consider buying CNN, if Time Warner ( TWC ) were to put the network up for sale.
"You never say never, but in this case I can say, probably never," Bloomberg said.
First Published: September 3, 2014: 9:24 PM ET
Join the Conversation

In tune with the mood of rasikasUpdated: September 4, 2014 18:25 IST
In tune with the mood of rasikas
A. Sangameswaran
Special Arrangement Madurai T.N. Seshagopalan
TOPICS
classical music
Madurai T.N. Seshagopalan highlighted the rhythmic cycles in music.
It was ideal to organise a music concert of a maestro well versed in rhythmic patterns for an occasion to felicitate a performing percussion artiste. Naturally, Madurai T.N. Seshagopalan, well known for his melodious exposition of complex and intricate rhythmic patterns in his concerts, would be the first name that emerges in one’s mind for such an occasion. Last week he performed at Cherpu, near Peruvanam, the cradle of melam of central Kerala.
Panthuvarali varnam, with which he began, was followed by a serene rendition of the Reethigoula piece ‘Ragarathnamalikache’, which had a garland of swara passages. Harikamboji was taken up for a detailed alapana and a neat sketch of the raga was presented. Tygaraja’s ‘Entharaneethana’ was the kriti, with niraval at the rarely sung charanam ‘Aagamothamugu nee gunamulu’. Sensing the occasion, TNS weaved the solfa notes in his characteristic rhythmic cycles. Dikshitar’s ‘Sree Sathyanarayanam’ in Subhapanthuvarali was rendered in a slow tempo, without taking away the gaiety of the kriti.
Seshagopalan followed it with ‘Samayamithe’, composed by Muthiah Bhagavathar in Budhamanohari, a derivative of Sankarabharanam, thereby saluting his lineage. The piece-de-resistance of the evening was Thodi raga. It was dealt in detail, traversing through its various contours. A master in Sruthibhedam, he generated ragas such as Kurinji and Anandabhairavi at different stages of the kriti. Oothukadu Kavi’s ‘Thaye yeshoda’ was the kriti tagged after a spacious alaapana and it was adorned with niraval and swaraprasthara.
Cherthala R. Sivakumar accompanied on the violin sensibly and his solo renditions for Harikamboji and Thodi were commendable. Percussion support by Kovai G Prakash (mridangam) and Kovai G. Suresh (ghatam) was in tandem with the total mood of the concert and they played a good tani for the Thodi piece. The concert was held in connection with a programme to honour Chenda exponent Peruvanam Satheesan Marar.

Douglas Development buying 15-acre site on New York Avenue(Courtesy Transwestern)
New York Avenue Northeast has proven too difficult for more than one developer.
In the past 10 years, two companies planned grand remakes of the 15-acre site at the corner of New York Avenue NE and Bladensburg Road NE, a highly visible site to thousands of drivers every day. Neither panned out.
Now it’s Doug Jemal’s turn.
Jemal’s Douglas Development has signed a contract to purchase the property, previously pegged for a Wal-Mart store, his son, Norman, confirmed Thursday. Norman Jemal,  a principal at the company, said he and his father had not yet closed on the deal or finalized their plans. He did not disclose the price.
“There are a number of different options we are considering for that property,” he said. The owners’ broker for the deal, Gerald Trainor of Transwestern, confirmed the contract but declined comment.
Jemal is betting big on New York Aveue, the northeast gateway to the city, picking up properties other companies dropped, often at a pennies on the dollar. He is already at work on a  remake of the historical Hecht’s Co. warehouse a few blocks west, turning the building into a mix of apartments, retail and parking after a previous owner nearly allowed it to fall into foreclosure. A few blocks south, Jemal is rehabbing the Uline Arena (also know as the Washington Coliseum) into a mixt of retail and office space that is attracting the attention of tech companies.
The 15-acre site now under contract has long been considered a grand opportunity to remake the corridor, but previous efforts at developing it withered. Long owned by the Schaeffer family, one of the biggest taxi cab owners in the city, the land was home to a mix of mostly industrial uses when developer Jim Abdo plotted a $1.1 billion project there last decade that he called Arbor Place . When the market collapsed, Abdo walked away , and the Schaeffers kept the property.
Then developer Rick Walker gave it a go, getting Wal-Mart to commit to opening a store there. The rest of his plans never came together though, and when the deal fell apart , the Jemals swooped in.
Will they become the latest victims of the corridor or the ones to finally conquer it?
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business/capitalbusiness, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409926219/1409926219000/1409926219 tracking: {authors=Jonathan O'Connell, blog_name=digger, content_category=Business/capitalbusiness, in_url_headline=douglas-development-buying-former-wal-mart-site-on-new-york-ave, post_id=1736, section={section=business/capitalbusiness, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 2:10:19 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 2:10:19 PM

MacArthur Foundation linked to payday lendingFinance John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation Bloomberg L.P. Catherine T. MacArthur
One of Chicago's largest foundations with a history of supporting programs that help people living in poverty has been linked to the shadowy world of payday lending, according to a report by Bloomberg News.
The report said the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation, headquartered in Chicago, invested in a private-equity fund that bought into a company that had built a network of payday-lending websites. Payday lenders offer quick cash, backed by borrowers' paychecks, to people desperate for money. The lending practice has been restricted or banned in several states, including Illinois, to protect consumers.
The story said the MacArthur Foundation was an investor in Vector Capital, a private-equity firm based in San Francisco. In July 2007, Vector said on its website that the MacArthur Foundation was an existing investor that had also joined in a new, $1.2 billion fund.
MacArthur Foundation spokesman Andrew Solomon told the Tribune, “As a limited partner, the foundation has no say in the investment decisions made by the fund manager, and so we cannot comment.”
I bet they own some BP stock too. Should the headline read: "Macarthur Foundation helps poor while soaking baby birds in crude oil"?
tribune38

Small Colorado Town Braces for Bud Light EventAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Gold remains under intense selling pressure throughout weekAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Chuck Todd s plan for  Meet the PressChuck Todd's plan to give 'Meet the Press' a boost
By Brian Stelter  @brianstelter September 7, 2014: 10:57 AM ET
 
Chuck Todd: 'Meet the Press' is not broken
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
"We're making a few changes around here," Chuck Todd said as he began moderating his first edition of "Meet the Press" on Sunday.
The storied political talk show -- the first of its kind, it provided the template for so many that followed -- looked and felt a bit different with Todd in the chair and a panoply of executives behind the camera. They are determined to revitalize "Meet the Press" following the awkward departure of David Gregory.
Chuck Todd
David Gregory
On Sunday, that translated to a lively telecast with an updated set, a new panel of political analysts, and a segment titled "Who Needs Washington?" that sought to acknowledge viewers' frustrations with D.C. gridlock.
"The program and this studio will continue to evolve over the coming months," Todd said before showing excerpts of his weekend interview of President Obama.
Todd is the ultimate political insider -- a lover of the "game," as he puts it -- yet he wants and needs to make sure "Meet the Press" is appealing to outsiders, too.
"When 'Meet the Press,' when all political journalism is at its best, it's when it's channeling America's frustrations back through and translating that to Washington and power players," Todd said in an interview at NBC's Washington bureau on Friday.
"Meet the Press" has slumped in the years since longtime moderator Tim Russert died in 2008 . Gregory subsequently took over, and tried hard to maintain the show's luster and ratings strength, but it slipped from first to second place and occasionally third place in the Sunday morning race.
Todd cautioned that "this isn't going to be turned around in six days or six weeks," calling it a "gradual process."
Related: The Future of Media
When I asked Todd if he thought "Meet the Press" was "broken," he said no, but that "political journalism is going through the same issues that Washington politicians are going through."
The American public, frustrated with Washington paralysis and pettiness, has "lumped us in the media as part of that frustration -- that we don't get it, in the same way that Washington politicians don't seem to get what's going on in the rest of America."
And that's at least partly a fair critique, he said, citing the divide between the relative economic resurgence on the "coasts," where many journalists reside, and the "different story" that's unfolded in the middle of the country.
Related: Diane Sawyer's no-fuss sign off from ABC's 'World News'
As part of his first show, Todd purposefully invited three mayors from other cities for a conversation about "what's working" elsewhere.
"One of the things that I've heard from viewer feedback is a lot of people watch these Sunday shows to learn," he said. "They want to learn more. They want to go deeper. They want us to bring in the smartest people around."
That said, in-depth political interviews will still be at the heart of the program. "In the cable landscape, five-minute interviews don't give you the depth that people say they want," Todd said. He acknowledged that TV bosses like to speed up shows by shortening interviews, "but I'd like to think if you're doing a compelling interview, you shouldn't want to do that."
"I think Sunday morning is different," he added. "I think people sit back." Case in point: Todd was used to sitting at home with his iPad and a cup of coffee on Sunday mornings. Now he'll be coming into work before dawn.
Since Todd was appointed moderator last month, some conservatives have tried to portray him as a biased product of the liberal cable news channel MSNBC, where he hosted the 9 a.m. political newscast "The Daily Rundown" for nearly five years.
 
Chuck Todd on David Gregory's ouster
To them, he said, "Look at my work. Look at the diversity of guests I had ideologically, geographically or ethnically." He brushed off what he called "the guilt by association crowd" and said media bias accusations are a "form of a campaign."
Todd signed off the five-day-a-week "Daily Rundown" before Labor Day, and he's a bit worried about missing it -- "I liked having that daily outlet" -- but part of his assignment now is to nurture "Meet the Press" as a "seven-days-a-week source for politics and Beltway buzz," as an NBC executive put it earlier this year, back when Gregory was still in charge.
"We want to show that, you know, 'Meet the Press' is coming to you, 'Meet the Press' is the political brand of NBC News," he said.
That entails "building a larger, more thriving digital product," and maybe "getting into the documentary business" too, he added.
Todd had little to say about the awkward transition between him and Gregory. But he did say that when the summer started, he did not expect to be the moderator of "Meet the Press" at the end of the summer.
"I don't know everything that happened" between Gregory and NBC, Todd said. "I was more out of the loop than I think some people would like to believe." (By the way, I believe that's true.)
"And I've learned, in my seven years now in the television business, this is hard. This is a tough business." (Also true.)
First Published: September 7, 2014: 10:51 AM ET
Join the Conversation

India Needs $4.7 Trillion Over Next 5 Years For 7% Growth: CIIChina Likely to Set Up Industrial Parks in India: Commerce Minister
New Delhi:
India needs to attract investments worth a whopping $4.7 trillion for the country's economy to grow at an average 7 per cent rate over the next 5 years, according to a study by CII.
The study also suggested that monetary, fiscal, trade and other relevant policies could be realigned to help the economy mobilise the required investments.
"The CII has estimated the figure at Rs 280 lakh crore ($4.7 trillion), which is nearly double the value of Rs 139 lakh crore ($2.9 trillion) that was invested in the last 5 years," the industry body said.
Besides, it has projected an average growth of 6.3 per cent for the industrial sector over the next 5 years, up from 5.2 per cent in previous corresponding period, for which a cumulative investment of Rs 146 lakh crore is required.
Of this, Rs 98 lakh crore is to be invested in manufacturing alone, which is understandable from the fact that the sector needs to accelerate its growth and create mass employment to absorb the rapidly growing population of job seekers.
The study estimates the services sector to grow at an average of nearly 8 per cent per annum, roughly the same as in the previous 5-year period and it requires an investment of Rs 98 lakh crore.
"If manufacturing sector is able to meet the desired investment target, it should automatically lead to greater attractiveness of services sector. There is also a vast unexploited potential in areas such as health, education, trade, financial services and tourism, where appropriate policy interventions can make a big difference," CII director general Chandrajit Banerjee said.
Moreover, agriculture sector, which continues to be heavily dependent on rain for irrigation and has recorded abysmally low productivity when benchmarked against international standards, is desired to expand by an average growth of 4 per cent per annum over the next 5 years, requiring a total investment of Rs 36 lakh crore.
The study suggests that around 40 per cent of the total investment in infrastructure should come from private sector, which is lower than 48 per cent prescribed by the Planning Commission for the 12th Plan period.
"The private sector continues to face multifarious challenges in infrastructure and even PPP has failed to produce desired results, making the task of raising nearly half of investment from private sector, as envisaged in the 12th Plan, quite difficult in the present milieu," Mr Banerjee said.
Story first published on: September 07, 2014 16:56 (IST)

European oil sanctions: promises© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/2dd64044-34fd-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CLT20 insurance cover set to soarDigbijay Mishra |  New Delhi Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 12:46 AM IST
CLT20 insurance cover set to soar
Each match is covered for Rs 5 cr, at par with IPL matches and higher than CL T20 matches played outside India
Champion’s League T20 (CLT20) is set to get bigger, at least in terms of insurance cover. The much-anticipated cricket league, slated to be held in India from September 17, will see a jump of nearly 100 per cent in the cover for each match, taking the total insurance cover amount to Rs 150-200 crore. This will be on a par with the cover for the Commonwealth Games held here in 2010.
“We have got the coverage policy in place and it will be no less than a standard IPL (Indian Premier League) match cover. For the matches, we have also secured coverage against acts of terrorism disrupting the game,” Sanjay Patel, secretary of the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI), told Business Standard.
It is learnt each match is covered for about Rs 5 crore, higher than in previous editions of the tournament. This year’s edition will have around 30 matches. The event cancellation policy will also cover damages resulting from terrorist-backed activities. The cover for CLT20 will safeguard BCCI against any loss of revenue on account of cancellation of any match for reasons beyond its control (terrorism, bad weather, natural calamities, strikes, etc).
AOL and Allianz are learnt to have brokered the insurance coverage for this year’s CLT20.
An insurance sector official said, “The cover for the league this year will be higher than usual, as it is happening in India. Therefore, stakes will be higher in terms of ratings, gate revenue and other such aspects of each match. It could mean a marginal rise in premium as well.” Usually, the premium for such covers during IPL is about two-three per cent of the sum assured.
Typically, public sector general insurers lead in bidding for high-voltage sporting events. In 2011, when India won the ICC World Cup, BCCI had purchased a Rs 400-crore event cancellation policy.
This edition of the CLT20 will be held across four cities — Hyderabad, Mohali, Bangalore and Raipur.
 Advertisements

Madhya Pradesh now fastest growing state  Uttarakhand pips Bihar to reach secondAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

CBI chief asked to respond to allegations of meeting 2G accusedNew Delhi, September 8, 2014
Updated: September 9, 2014 01:46 IST
Allegations against you are serious, SC tells CBI chief
Krishnadas Rajagopal
The Hindu CBI Director Ranjit Sinha
TOPICS
judiciary (system of justice)
"The Supreme Court wants a fair trial. If we find there was some derailment of the entire investigation, the court will take a particular view," the bench told the counsel for the CBI chief
The Supreme Court on Monday described as “serious” the allegation against Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) Director Ranjit Sinha that he frequently met accused persons in the 2G scam at his residence.
“The averments made against you are serious,” a Bench of Justices H.L. Dattu and S.A. Bobde told senior lawyer Vikas Singh, counsel for the CBI chief, while hearing advocate Prashant Bhushan’s allegations against Mr. Sinha.
The Bench said it was closely watching the agency’s investigation of the 2G scam cases and would not let anyone sabotage the criminal trial. “The Supreme Court wants a fair trial. If we find there was some derailment of the entire investigation, the court will take a particular view,” the Bench said.
Mr. Singh said Mr. Bhushan’s allegations were false and the documents he was showing were “privileged.”
He challenged Mr. Bhushan to divulge the name of the whistleblower, but Justice Dattu stopped Mr. Singh, insisting that oral submissions would not help.
The Bench gave the CBI chief a week’s time to reply to Mr. Bhushan’s affidavit.
The case has been posted for September 15.

U.S. TV shows harder to get in ChinaBeijing is making it harder for Chinese to watch American TV shows
By Charles Riley  @CRrileyCNN September 8, 2014: 1:04 AM ET
A woman in Beijing walks past an advertisement for a streaming version of "24"
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Beijing has issued a set of new rules for websites that stream foreign television series, a move that could make it harder for Chinese Internet users to get their fix of American TV shows.
Internet companies that offer foreign TV shows must now obtain a "film screening license" or "television screening license," according to a notice from the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television. The companies will also be required to obtain a publication license for each foreign show they want to stream.
While the regulator did not outright cap the number of shows, companies are encouraged to provide "an appropriate number of foreign television programs."
Earlier this year, regulators pulled "The Big Bang Theory," "NCIS," "The Good Wife" and "The Practice" from streaming video outlets without much of an explanation, suggesting that new restrictions on the booming industry might be in the pipeline.
While still dwarfed by state broadcasters, streaming TV content is gaining popularity in China -- especially with younger audiences and the middle class. "The Walking Dead" and "House of Cards" are among the biggest hits, racking up tens of millions of views.
 
Why the NFL rules TV
Youku Tudou ( YOKU ), Sohu ( SOHU ) and search giant Baidu ( BIDU , Tech30 ) -- all of which trade in New York -- are industry heavyweights. The foreign shows they offer are licensed from their original producers.
The Internet and media are closely controlled in China. Services including Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ) and Twitter ( TWTR , Tech30 ) are banned, and Beijing has invested heavily in a firewall that restricts access to controversial websites. Films are censored, and Beijing limits imports of foreign movies to 34 a year.
But the nascent Web streaming industry has managed to escape some regulatory scrutiny. The content is often racier or more controversial than shows broadcast on state-owned television channels such as CCTV.
Related: Traditional TV is still king in the U.S.
"The Walking Dead" is an ultra violent post-apocalyptic horror drama from cable network AMC, and political corruption is a major theme on Netflix's ( NFLX , Tech30 ) "House of Cards." The most recent season of the Kevin Spacey-led hit even highlights the inner workings of a fictional Chinese Politburo.
The new regulations suggest that Beijing might take a more active role in limiting this kind of programming. The rules require shows to consist of "healthy content" that satisfies "the growing spiritual and cultural needs of the public."
Analysts have also suggested that Beijing may be trying to protect the interests of state broadcasters including CCTV, which have been challenged by upstart satellite and Internet content providers.
It wouldn't be the first time officials have tried to protect government-run media interests at the expense of private operators. Last year, programmers were warned to cut down on wildly popular reality television and talent shows that were stealing attention from CCTV programs.
-- CNN's Esther Pang contributed reporting.
First Published: September 8, 2014: 12:51 AM ET
Join the Conversation

New app to help curb indigenous youth suicideAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Kashmir floods: Armed forces evacuate 20 000  naval marines pitch inKashmir floods: Armed forces evacuate 20 000  naval marines pitch in
J-K floods: Social networking sites aid rescue  relief workPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 3:42 pm | Updated: September 10, 2014 3:26 pm
Hundreds of people have logged on to social networking sites likes facebook and twitter to share information on floods , which have created havoc in Jammu and Kashmir, and are even collecting aid for the victims.
People are sharing pictures and information of the affected areas and rescue and relief efforts being undertaken by the central and state authorities on these portals.
The information related to floods is trending on twitter under #KashmirFloods.
“Please keep us updated abt the network status in Kashmir (sic),” said one of the users on twitter.
Another user Ankur Raina tweeted:
@abdullah_omar #kashmirfloods my parents are stuck in building near crpf camp indira nagar. Unable 2 contact. Please help !
Some people also appreciated the rescue and relief work being done by the Army and other defence forces .
Well Done,Indian Army. 130 Army columns hav been deployed rescuing more than 14800 ppl so far. @adgpi #KashmirFloods pic.twitter.com/AZSuQKj6EC — Janak Dave (@dave_janak) September 8, 2014
BJP MP from Bihar’s Patna Sahib constituency Shatrughan Sinha tweeted “Proud of our Indian Army for the rescue work without worrying about their own safety!!”.
He also asked people to share control room numbers set up by the centre for assistance pertaining to the floods.
Anybody seeking assistance related to the flood crisis in J-K can also approach Home Ministry’s control room in New Delhi at the telephone numbers: (011) 23093054, 23092763, 23093564, 23092923, 23092885, 23093566, 23093563.
While on facebook, people are seeking information from fellow citizens in other districts of the state.
“Someone from Rajbagh plz try to contact,” said a post on facebook.
“My father is in Karanpura, Srinagar…. how to contact wid my dad :'( :'(,” said Priti Das on facebook.
People have also opened an online forum ‘Volunteers for flood victims in J&K’ to donate money, clothes, blankets or other essential  commodities.
“People at lala rukh hotel, near gantaghr, lal chowk, Srinagar trapped in 2nd storey. if somebody could help…. Its urgent pls pls,” said the facebook post by an user.
Floods in Kashmir have left 150 dead and caused huge damage to road, rail and other infrastructure.
The teams of National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) personnel have alone evacuated more than 5,246 people–5,223 from Kashmir region and 23 from Jammu.

Bomber hits Iraq Sunni tribal gathering  kills 16The bomber drove his explosives-laden Humvee into the gathering of a major Sunni tribe, the Al-Jabour. ( File photo )
AP | Baghdad | Posted: September 8, 2014 3:38 pm
Iraqi officials say a suicide bomber targeted a meeting between security forces and Sunni militiamen in a small town north of Baghdad, killing at least 16 people. A police officer says Monday’s attack took place in Duluiyah, some 80 kilometers (45 miles) north of Baghdad.
The bomber drove his explosives-laden Humvee into the gathering of a major Sunni tribe, the Al-Jabour. Al-Jabour fighters have sided with Iraqi forces in the battle against the militants from the Islamic State group, an al-Qaida-breakaway.
The bombing was followed by clashes with militants who tried to overtake the town. Duluiyah fell to the Islamic State group for two days in July. A medical official confirmed causality figures. Both officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they are not authorized to talk to media.

Quartz Daily BriefAmericas editionUkraine ceasefire shaky  Electrolux-GE appliance deal  Alibaba roadshow  gutter oilGood morning, Quartz readers!
What to watch for today
Ukraine’s ceasefire looks shaky. The three-day-old truce between Kyiv and pro-Russian rebels  may crumble , with reports of fighting near Donetsk airport and shelling near the city of Mariupol. But both sides insist they are honoring the ceasefire , and the rebels have handed over 15 prisoners of war.
The US readies a game plan for  the Islamic State. President Barack Obama  will make a case  for broader military action without getting ensnared in the messy regional conflict. Meanwhile, the Arab League said it would support international action, implicitly endorsing US and Iraqi efforts.
Alibaba begins its investor roadshow. The Chinese internet giant is touring the US and Asia  for 10 days ahead of its IPO, which will seek to raise up to $24.3 billion and value the company at a record-setting $155 billion. Potential investors are looking for an explanation of Alibaba’s recent $4.6 billion M&A shopping spree .
News from Boeing and Ryanair. The budget airline is reportedly looking to order 100 to 150 of Boeing’s latest jetliner , the 737 MAX 8, for an estimated $10 billion.
Over the weekend
Electrolux is buying GE’s appliances unit for $3.3 billion. The company that gave the world the washer-dryer and toaster oven is offloading the business to Sweden’s appliances giant , which will continue using the GE brand.
So far, so good for the Ebola vaccine. Human tests will begin for GlaxoSmithKline’s experimental drug  following a  successful five-week monkey trial . Separately, Sierra Leone announced a four-day curfew that will confine citizens to their homes in order to “ deal with the spread of Ebola once and for all .”
A majority of Scots favored independence for the first time. With less than two weeks before a crucial referendum, a new poll has  pro-independence voters ahead  51% to 49%. In response, the UK said it would cede more control over taxes, public spending and social policy to the Scottish parliament.
Harvard scored its biggest donation ever. The Morningside Foundation, controlled by a wealthy Hong Kong real estate family, gave $350 million to the university’s school of public health. Foundation co-founder Gerald Chan has also bought up  $120 million worth of property in Harvard Square .
China’s exports are booming. The world’s second-largest economy reported a record trade surplus of $49.8 billion, as overseas shipments rose by a better-than-expected 9.4% and imports decreased by 2.4%.
The Atlanta Hawks are for sale because of a racist email. Owner Bruce Levenson will offload the NBA team after disclosing an email that speculated the team’s black fans had “scared away the whites.”
Japan’s economy is shrinking. The plunge in second-quarter GDP was even worse than it seemed —a revision to the data showed that the economy shrank at a 7.1% annual rate, instead of the 6.8% that was initially reported.
An asteroid just missed Earth. The rock known as Pitbull is 60 feet in diameter—similar to the asteroid that blew up over Russia last year. It was  25,000 miles (40,000 km) away  at its closest point, or just beyond the orbit of geostationary satellites.
Quartz  obsession  interlude
Matt Philips on how American families are learning the difference between median and mean. “[D]espite the fact that mean income rose 4% to $87,200 per family, median income actually fell by 5% to $46,700 between 2010 and 2013.The mean was driven by the fact that the highest percentile of the income distribution saw their income surge by 10% to $397,500 between 2010 and 2013.”  Read more here .
Matters of debate
People don’t mind dirty restaurants if they’re authentic. Especially when it comes to  Asian food .
Qatar is a “godfather to terrorists.” The Gulf monarchy’s  support of extremists like the Islamic State is alienating its allies.
Banning laptops and tablets in cafés can be profitable. One coffee shop  found people spent more  when they surfed less.
Tech startups don’t need project managers. Or  meetings, offices, or email .
Not all futurists are useless. A technique called “superforecasting” makes  reasonably good predictions  (paywall).
Surprising discoveries
The only way to make mooncakes worse: Add gutter oil. Hong Kong’s mid-autumn festival Chinese pastries may have been contaminated .
How diet soda makes you fat. It creates a craving for sweets  that it does not satisfy.
Leaked celebrity photos crashed New Zealand’s internet. Users in search of nudity accidentally installed malware .
Donkey Kong has a new score to beat. The  previous record  lasted four years.
Failure is the secret to successful exams. Botching a pre-test  makes you learn more quickly.
Click here for  more surprising discoveries  on Quartz.
Our best wishes for a productive day. Please send any news, comments, asteroid dust, and Donkey Kong high scores to  hi@qz.com . You can follow us  on Twitter here  for updates throughout the day.
Share this:

Anant Raj to sell hotel  land for lowering debtAnant Raj to sell hotel, land for lowering debt
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 8:  
Real estate firm Anant Raj Ltd has reduced debt by 6 per cent to Rs 1,403 crore last fiscal and is considering to sell some of its hotel properties and land parcels to further cut the borrowings.
Delhi—based Anant Raj said it has also invested about Rs 1,000 crore in last three years to purchase 270 acre land, mostly in Gurgaon.
“The company was able to reduce its debt by Rs 90.98 crore and the total debt for the year 2013—14 is Rs 1,403.14 crore against Rs 1,494.12 crores last year,” Anant Raj Chairman Ashok Sarin told shareholders in the company’s annual report for 2013—14 financial year.
The company’s Annual General Meeting (AGM) will be held on September 30.
Sarin said the company, as part of its strategy to divest non-core assets, sold some land parcels and utilised a part of it towards debt repayment.
“Your company is determined to reduce this debt further in the next couple of years and is considering sale of one or two of its hotel properties and/or hospitality land parcels,” he added.
Anant Raj owns 14—15 prime land parcels for hotel development, of which 4 are already under operations.
Sarin said that with demand picking up, the additional cash flows would also be used to reduce debt.
Stating that the company was debt—free three years—ago, Anant Raj said that it has invested in acquiring new land parcels and completing projects during last few years.
Both land acquisition and construction are capital intensive activities that led to increase in debt, it added.
“We have started reducing our debt. Going forward, we are hopeful to reduce our debt further in the current year. The company owns 14—15 attractive land parcels, ideally suited for hotel development. With the new increase announced in FAR, the company is actively considering selling 1—2 land parcels, which will further reduce debt,” Anant Raj said.
The company has a land bank of about 1,100 acres, which is fully paid up. Of this, 430 acres of land is in Delhi, and the remaining is within 50 km radius of Delhi.
“In the last three years, we have acquired 270 acres of land specifically for residential projects amounting to Rs 1,000 crores. A major part of this recently acquired land is located in the premium residential area of Gurgaon,” it said.
Anant Raj posted net profit of Rs 100.38 crore on revenue of Rs 503.11 crore for 2013—14.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

J&K floods: Social networking sites aid rescue  relief workJ&K floods: Social networking sites aid rescue, relief work
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 8:  
Hundreds of people have logged on to social networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter to share information on the floods, which have created havoc in Jammu and Kashmir, and are even collecting aid for the victims.
People are sharing pictures and information of the affected areas and rescue and relief efforts being undertaken by the Central and State authorities on these portals.
The information related to the floods is trending on Twitter under #KashmirFloods.
“Please keep us updated abt the network status in Kashmir (sic),” said one of the users on Twitter.
Another user Ankur Raina tweeted “my parents are stuck in building near CRPF camp Indira Nagar. Unable 2 contact. Please help!”.
Some people also appreciated the rescue and relief work being done by the Army.
“Well done, Indian Army. 130 Army columns have been deployed, rescuing more than 14,800 people so far,” said Janak Dave.
The BJP MP from Bihar’s Patna Sahib constituency, Shatrughan Sinha, tweeted, “Proud of our Indian Army for the rescue work without worrying about their own safety!!”.
He also asked people to share control room numbers set up by the Centre for assistance pertaining to the floods.
Anybody seeking assistance related to the flood crisis in J-K can also approach the Home Ministry’s control room in New Delhi at the telephone numbers: (011) 23093054, 23092763, 23093564, 23092923, 23092885, 23093566, 23093563.
While on Facebook, people are seeking information from fellow citizens in other districts of the State.
“Someone from Rajbagh plz try to contact,” said a post on Facebook.
“My father is in Karanpura, Srinagar.... how to contact wid my dad :’( :’(,” said Priti Das on Facebook.
People have also opened an online forum ‘Volunteers for flood victims in J&K’ to donate money, clothes, blankets or other essential commodities.
“People at Lala Rukh Hotel, near Gantaghar, Lal Chowk, Srinagar trapped in second storey. if somebody could help.... Its urgent pls pls,” said the Facebook post by an user.
Floods in Kashmir have left 150 dead and caused huge damage to road, rail and other infrastructure.
Teams of the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) have alone evacuated more than 5,246 people — 5,223 from the Kashmir region and 23 from Jammu.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Venus arm ties up with Mylan for marketing Meropenem in EuropeBS Reporter |  Hyderabad Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 08:40 PM IST
Venus arm in marketing tie-up with Mylan
Meropenem's global annual generic sales stood at $1,879 mn in 2012
Venus Pharma GmbH, a wholly-owned subsidiary of pharmaceutical company Venus Remedies Limited, has entered into a distribution-cum-outlicensing agreement with Mylan, the world's third-largest generic drug manufacturer, for marketing its generic broad-spectrum antibiotic ‘Meropenem’ in three European countries -- Denmark, Sweden and Finland — for five years.
“Under this non-exclusive marketing agreement, we will manufacture the drug at our Baddi facility, which recently got a renewed European Union good manufacturing practices (GMP) certification, while the batch release and logistics will be handled by our Germany facility Venus Pharma GmbH,” Ashutosh Jain, executive director and chief operating officer of Venus Pharma GmbH, Werne, Germany, said in a release .
“The addition of territories on the basis of strategic tie-ups with our existing partners has re-established the faith of our customers in our quality standards and timely deliveries. This joint venture will further help Venus Pharma GmbH and its collaborators in maintaining their market position to figure among the top five players with around 30 per cent share in Meropenem markets in countries like Germany, France and the UK.”
Meropenem’s global annual generic sales stood at $1,879 million in 2012 and are estimated to grow at a CAGR of 7.5 per cent to reach around $2,100 million in 2014-15. Meropenem is a broad-spectrum antibiotic used in ICU infections as a last resort for the treatment of life-threatening infections. According to IMS Health, its market size in Denmark, Sweden and Finland is approximately Euro 12.54 million.
Venus is holding talks for more strategic tie-ups in regulated markets with multinational companies that are already operating in these territories.
The facilities of Venus in India have a capacity of manufacturing 16 million units of Meropenem a year on single-shift basis. The company is currently utilising 50% of its capacity and hence it has sufficient excess capacity to meet the growing market needs, the release said.
 Advertisements

Hungary gets EU nod to give 96 million euro aid to Apollo TyresReuters |  Brussels Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 03:19 PM IST
Hungary gets EU nod to give 96 million euro aid to Apollo Tyres
Hungary secured European Union regulatory approval on Monday to grant 95.7 million euros ($123.9 million) in aid to India's Apollo Tyres  to build a tyre plant in the north of the country.
Hungary secured European Union regulatory approval on Monday to grant 95.7 million euros ($123.9 million) in aid to Apollo Tyres
to build a tyre plant in the north of the country.
Hungary is offering a direct grant of 48.2 million euros, an employment grant of 2.8 million euros and tax allowances of about 44.7 million euros for the new facility which will create 975 jobs.
The European Commission said the Hungarian support complies with EU state aid rules and would boost regional development.
($1 = 0.7725 Euros)

Distinction between B2B and B2C is going to die soon: IndiaMART InterMESH DirectorTaslima Khan      Follow @KhanTaslima    Last Updated: September 9, 2014  | 11:03 IST
Brijesh Agrawal, co-founder and director, IndiaMART InterMESH,
Brijesh Agrawal, co-founder and director, IndiaMART InterMESH, spoke to Business Today's Taslima Khan on the launch of Tolexo, a marketplace that enable SMEs to sell besides listing their products.
Q. When was Tolexo launched?
A. The beta version was launched about a month ago, and we have been serving more than 150 plus customers. We have about 50,000 products available on the platform. We plan to take it to a million products in a year's time. We will leverage the IndiaMART platform, which has 1.5 million SMEs listed and we will be onboarding them.
Q. What has been the response so far?
A. The first few days have been exciting. We have already processed about 150 orders in the past three weeks, purely through sending out mailers to our existing customer base. We are going fairly aggressive with our customer acquisition and merchant acquisition platform. In the next three months, we should be probably doing about $100 a day.
Q. How did the idea for such a platform come about?
A. All the while IndiaMART has been focussed on what do we do to make these small and medium-sized businesses grow. The IndiaMART platform was essentially to help them reach out to potential buyers and get connected with them. That is what we started off with. We believe that we can make them grow further if we help them get connected with buyers and also help them place an order and buy the product. Most of these businesses stop growing because they don't have enough pipeline of orders. Most of these small businesses would be typically between Rs 4 crore and Rs 10 crore in size. They stop growing beyond that level because they cannot invest into people or brands. Quality is not the problem. Products from a large number of SMEs are great. Such a platform will help build their brand when users buy their products and post reviews.
Q. How will the platform work?
A. It will be exactly as Snapdea l. Sellers can list their products on Tolexo. Users can compare prices and reviews, and buy online. There won't be a listing fee. We will only get a cut on the actual sales made. We will take care of the complete user experience after the sales until the product is delivered. For deliveries we have partnered with FedEx, BlueDart, Delhivery and others. Sellers can choose to keep their goods in our warehouse or get the product get picked up from his premises.
Q. Globally which is the model you are trying to emulate?
A. We are following AmazonSupply, which is chasing a huge market in the US.
Q. This will be for both businesses and consumers?
A. This whole ecommerce movement, which started as a consumer movement, will be adopted by businesses big time. The distinction between B2B and B2C is going to die very soon. For buying consumables and supplies, which are very standardised products, businesses will like to buy online. The market for consumables and supplies or standardised products, which include hand tools, drill machines, screw drivers, office supplies, etc. is more than $100 billion in India itself, which is all offline. Tolexo will have millions of standard consumables and supplies. These are products wherein specifications are standardised and they don't change across brands. We don't have an organized form of retailing to get such products. They are only available in small hardware shops. For now we are staying away from core raw materials like cement.
Q. How will that help small companies in marketing or branding?
A. There may be a thousand makers of spectacle frames, for instance, in India and bigger brands obviously score in terms of brands preference. But preference is primarily on the basis of trust. If the trust factor can be built with these smaller companies, over time they will become brands themselves.
Q. Has IndiaMArt raised funding?
A. We bootstrapped for the first 12 years from 1996 to 2008. In 2008, we raised $10 million from Intel Capital. That is the only capital we raised and it is still in the bank. We have been profitable ever since. But capital comes in handy when we want to do an acquisition or we want to do a large marketing exercise. We took it at that time sensing potential threats from competition. However, we were able to beat them. Essentially it was Alibaba that was entering India at that point of time. We wanted to be sufficiently capitalized, so that we do not lose out on that fight.

Air India Boeing 777 springs leak  makes emergency landingAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Coal block auctions likely by end of FY 2014-15You are here: Home > Collections
Coal block auctions likely by end of current financial year
PTI Sep 8, 2014, 03.41PM IST
Tags:
coal block auctions
(When asked whether his ministry…)
NEW DELHI: As the government awaits Supreme Court's decision on the mines allotted since 1993, Ministry of Power and Coal is firming up plans to commence the auction process by the end of current financial year (2014-15).
The apex court will continue the hearing on the fate of coal blocks allotted between 1993 and 2011 tomorrow. Last month, the Supreme Court had held that all 218 allocations made from 1993 to 2011 are illegal and arbitrary.
According to sources, the Ministry of Power and Coal is planning to auction the blocks, allocation of which may be scrapped by the apex court, by the end of the fiscal.
"The entire process of coal block auction will take at least 6 months," the source said.
The consequences of declaring the allocations illegal would be considered tomorrow taking into account the investments made by companies for various projects and the procedure to be adopted for cancellation.
Of the 218 allocations, 80 were already de-allocated prior to the verdict. Of the remaining 138, 40 are operational with clear licences, while six others are ready to start operations.
The government had urged SC to spare 46 coal blocks -- 40 functional ones and six which are ready to start operations.
The apex court has asked Centre, the three Associations - Coal Producers Association , Sponge Iron Manufacturers Association and Independent Power Producers Association of India - and petitioners to file their affidavits.
When asked whether his ministry is prepared to hold auctions if the apex court cancels all the allotted mines, Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal said yesterday, "We are ready for every scenario."
However, he did not elaborate the timeline for coal block auctions .
SC, on August 25, held that all coal blocks allocated during the last 17 years since 1993 by various regimes at the Centre were done illegally and arbitrarily, bringing uncertainty to the fate of 218 block allocations and consequential investments to the tune of around Rs 2 lakh crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

What does the ratio EV/EBIDTA indicateSep 08, 2014, 04.09 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
What does the ratio EV/EBIDTA indicate?
EV/EBIDTA ratio compares the total value of a company with respect to its operating profits.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
What does the ratio EV/EBIDTA indicate?
EV/EBIDTA ratio compares the total value of a company with respect to its operating profits.
Post your opinion here
 
This ratio compares the total value of a company with respect to its operating profits. EBIDTA (Earnings before Interest, Depreciation, Tax and Amortization) is used since it’s an estimate of a company’s cash generated from its core business activities.
How to interpret EV/EBIDTA
A company with a lower multiple compared to its peers suggests that it is undervalued. However, the multiple will vary from industry and also on debt levels of a particular company.
Formula
EV = Market-cap + Debt – Cash & Bank Balance
Example
Market-cap: Rs 1000 cr, Debt Rs 500 cr, Cash: Rs 200 Cr. EBIDTA Rs 650 crore.
EV = 1000+500-200 =Rs 1300 crore
EV/OP = 2.

What is Enterprise ValueSep 08, 2014, 04.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
What is Enterprise Value?
Enterprise value is the total market value of a firm’s entire business. It indicates the cost or amount required to buy a company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
What is Enterprise Value?
Enterprise value is the total market value of a firm’s entire business. It indicates the cost or amount required to buy a company.
Post your opinion here
 
Enterprise value is the total market value of a firm’s entire business. It indicates the cost or amount required to buy a company. It is used as an alternative to company’s market-cap and calculated by adding debt to market-cap and subtracts cash and bank balance held on the books from it.
How to interpret EV
It can be used as a benchmark for a potential acquisition, if the company has huge debt. It can be also used to measure intangible assets in case the company has ample cash.
Formula
EV = Market-cap + Debt – Cash & Bank Balance
Example
Market-cap: Rs 1000 cr, Debt Rs 500 cr, Cash: Rs 200 Cr
EV = 1000+500-200 =Rs 1300 crore
RELATED NEWS

What is Net Interest MarginSep 08, 2014, 04.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
What is Net Interest Margin?
Net Interest Margin is mainly used for analyzing bank stocks. It is calculated by dividing the net interest income to loans and advances given by banks to borrowers.  Net interest income is the difference between interest earned on loans and interest expended on deposits.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
What is Net Interest Margin?
Net Interest Margin is mainly used for analyzing bank stocks. It is calculated by dividing the net interest income to loans and advances given by banks to borrowers.  Net interest income is the difference between interest earned on loans and interest expended on deposits.
Post your opinion here
 
Net Interest Margin is mainly used for analyzing bank stocks. It is calculated by dividing the net interest income to loans and advances given by banks to borrowers. Net interest income is the difference between interest earned on loans and interest expended on deposits.
Formula
Net Interest Income = Interest earned  - Interest expended
NIM = Net Interest Income / Average loan book
Example
Interest earned: Rs 500 cr, Interest expended: Rs 200 cr. Net Interest Income: Rs 300 cr.
Loan book at beginning of the year: Rs  10000
Loan book at end of the year: Rs  10500
NIM = [300/(10000+10500/2)] = 2.93%.

Prince William and Kate Middleton are expecting a second babyprince william and kate middleton are expecting a second baby
Chick-fil-A founder S. Truett Cathy has died...and
versions
ATLANTA (AP) — Chick-fil-A founder S. Truett Cathy died early Monday at 93. The billionaire rose from poverty, building a privately held restaurant chain that famously closes every Sunday but drew unwanted attention for the Cathy family's opposition to gay marriage.
Cathy opened his first postwar diner in an Atlanta suburb in 1946 and by 1967 he had founded and opened his first Chick-fil-A Inc. restaurant in Atlanta. Over ensuing decades, the chain's boneless chicken sandwich he is credited with inventing would propel Chick-fil-A expansion to more than 1,800 outlets in 39 states and the nation's capital. By early 2013, the company says on its website, annual sales topped $5 billion as the chain offered up a taste of the South that went beyond chicken to such offerings as sweet tea, biscuits and gravy.
Under the religiously conservative founder, the chain gained prominence for its Bible Belt observance of Sunday. None of its hundreds of restaurants are open on that day, to allow employees a day of rest. Its executives often said the chain made as much money in six days as its competitors do in seven.
Those religious views helped win Cathy and his family a loyal following from conservative customers, but also invited protests when Cathy's son defended the company's donations to groups campaigning against gay marriage.
Cathy's son, Dan, currently chairman and president of the chain, had told the Baptist Press in 2012 that the company was "guilty as charged" for backing "the biblical definition of a family." Gay rights groups and others called for boycotts and kiss-ins at Cathy's restaurants. The Jim Henson Co. pulled its Muppet toys from kids' meals, while politicians in Boston and Chicago told the chain it is not welcome there.
The controversy later subsided.
The family-owned company has said it has had 46 consecutive years of positive sales growth. Cathy's $6 billion fortune put him on the yearly Forbes magazine list of the wealthiest Americans in the country. The company listed him on its website as its chairman emeritus after he left day-to-day operations to younger generations.
Truett Cathy began his career in the restaurant business by opening with his brother in 1946 an Atlanta diner called The Dwarf Grill, named for the short and stout shape of the restaurant.
He attributed his hardworking nature — even as a little boy he made money by selling six bottles of Coca-Cola for a quarter — to growing up poor.
"I've experienced poverty and plenty and there's a lesson to be learned when you're brought up in poverty," he said in 2007. "I had to create some good work habits and attitude."
Even well into his 80s, Cathy was actively involved in the chain's operations.
"Why would I retire from something I enjoy doing?" Cathy said in a 2007 interview. "I can hardly wait to get here." He set up a contract with his children that said they may sell the privately-owned chain in the future but the company must never go public.
An opportunity in 1961 led to the development of the restaurant chain's trademark chicken sandwich when a company that cooked boneless, skinless chicken for airline meals wanted to sell him pieces that were too big for the airline customer's needs. Cathy cooked them in a pressure cooker and served them in buttered buns.
The sandwich was sold at independent restaurants for a few years before he opened his first Chick-fil-A restaurant at an Atlanta shopping mall in 1967.
"He often talked about how he never planned for Chick-Fil-A to be the size that it is today. For Truett, it was so much more than building a national chain," Chick-Fil-A Senior Vice President of Operations Tim Tassopoulos said Monday. "It was also a place where Truett could invest in people, giving them a first job, a place to learn about hard work and a place for many to pursue their entrepreneurial dreams."
In 1984 he created the WinShape Foundation to help "shape winners" through youth support programs and scholarships. He also created a long-term program for foster children that has foster care homes in Alabama, Georgia, Tennessee and Brazil.
His sympathy for children was demonstrated in August 2008 when he worked out a deal with the parents of two girls who were accused of causing $30,000 in damage to a home he owned in New Smyrna Beach, Florida. The girls were banned from watching TV and playing video games. They also had to write "I will not vandalize other people's property" 1,000 times.
He told the Daytona Beach News-Journal that he didn't want to have them prosecuted and left with a criminal record. Cathy also spent 50 years teaching Sunday school to 13-year-old boys.
His 2007 book "How Did You Do It, Truett?" outlined his strategy for success that included setting priorities, being courteous, cautiously expanding a business and not being burdened with debt.
"There's really no secret for success," he said then. "I hope it will open eyes for people. They don't have to follow my recipe but this is what works for me."
Cathy is survived by his wife of 65 years, Jeannette McNeil Cathy; sons Dan T. and Don "Bubba" Cathy; daughter Trudy Cathy White; 19 grandchildren and 18 great-grandchildren, according to a company statement.
___
Associated Press writer Phillip Lucas contributed to this report.

Pound sinks as Scottish independence race tightens...British Pound Sinks As Scotland's Independence Race Tightens
 | By                                                                JILL LAWLESS
Updated:
09/08/2014  3:59 pm EDT
BERWICK-UPON-TWEED, ENGLAND - SEPTEMBER 07: Members of English Scots for Yes hold a border tea party to celebrate the continuing open border between Scotland and England after a possible Yes vote in the Scottish Independence referendum on September 7, 2014 in Berwick Upon Tweed. An opinion poll published yesterday shows the yes camp had 51% to 49% for no, excluding dont know voters.  (Photo by Jeff J Mitchell/Getty Images) | Jeff J Mitchell via Getty Images
reddit
LONDON (AP) — Britain's main political leaders scrambled Monday to offer Scotland greater autonomy in a last-minute bid to stave off independence, as the pound sank on opinion polls suggesting separatists are gaining ground — and may even be in the lead.
A Yes vote in next week's referendum would end Scotland's 307-year-old union with England and plunge Britain into uncharted constitutional and economic waters.
Many British politicians and business leaders have long considered that outcome unlikely, and for months polls have put the anti-independence side ahead. But the gap has narrowed ahead of the Sept. 18 vote and one survey released Sunday by pollster YouGov showed the two sides nearly even.
YouGov's methodology — which samples from a pool of online respondents who have signed up for the panel and are paid to participate — is not trusted by all poll-watchers, and other surveys gave the advantage to the No side. But the sense that the race is too close to call rattled independence opponents, and energized supporters.
"I don't think there's any doubt at all the momentum is with the Yes campaign," said Scotland's pro-independence Deputy First Minister Nicola Sturgeon.
"Increasing numbers of people are concluding the best way to protect the health service, create jobs and ensure we never get Tory governments we don't vote for is to vote Yes."
The leader of the anti-independence "Better Together" campaign denied his forces were panicking.
"I'm very confident we will win the day," said Alistair Darling, a former British Treasury chief.
But the sudden move to offer greater powers to Scotland suggests the No campaign is far from confident.
Scotland joined England and Wales to make Great Britain in 1707. Now with a population of 5.3 million —one-tenth of England's — Scotland already has considerable autonomy, with its own parliament and separate legal and educational systems.
Britain's Conservative, Labour and Liberal Democrat parties — all of whom oppose independence — are preparing to offer Scotland even more financial independence, including greater tax-raising powers, in a bid to avert a Yes vote.
Many Scots favor that option — known as maximum devolution, or "devo max" — but it is not on the referendum ballot, which asks whether Scotland should become an independent country.
Former Prime Minister Gordon Brown was expected to lay out some of the proposals later Monday, arguing that "the status quo is not now on the ballot paper."
He planned to say that Scots faced a choice "between a stronger Scottish Parliament and an irreversible no-going-back separatism," the Labour Party said.
Supporters of independence accuse the No side of running a negative campaign that overstates the risks of independence.
The "Yes Scotland" campaign argues that an independent Scotland would be a prosperous country whose oil revenue would underpin a cozy social safety net. The approach has won over many Scots opposed to the budget-slashing policies of Conservative Prime Minister David Cameron's London government.
Polls suggest rising support for independence among Labour voters and from women, who have generally been more skeptical than men of the Yes side.
The latest poll results jolted financial markets, which for months seemed to take a sanguine view of the referendum. At one stage Monday, the pound had fallen 1.4 percent to $1.6104, its lowest level since November. It later clawed back some ground but was still nearly 2 cents down on the day.
Shares in Scottish-based financial institutions such as the Royal Bank of Scotland, Lloyds Banking Group and Standard Life also sagged, falling by between 1 and 2 percent.
Analysts said with 10 days to go, markets were waking up to the uncertainties of independence, which include Scotland's status in the European Union, its share of Britain's national debt, its stake in North Sea oil revenue and its currency.
Pro-independence leaders say an independent Scotland would continue to use the pound, but the British government says it won't agree to that.
Brenda Kelly, chief market strategist at IG Group, said the markets were "beginning to price in what was deemed unthinkable" — the breakup of Britain.
"One thing is certain, if we get this sort of volatility on the prospect of a Yes vote, can you imagine the reaction if we do get a Yes vote?" said analyst Michael Hewson of CMC Markets U.K. "It's not likely to be pretty."
More:

FMC purchasing Cheminova for $1.8 billion...September 8, 2014 06:34 AM EST | Associated Press
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — FMC is buying a Danish insecticide company for $1.8 billion.
The diversified chemical company based in Philadelphia will fold Cheminova into its agricultural solutions business.
FMC Chairman and CEO Pierre Brondeau said Monday that the acquisition will allow it to better serve customers, particularly those using feedstock like in sugarcane, soybeans and cotton. Cheminova will also provide direct market access to Europe and has a strong position in Latin America, he said.
Cheminova A/S is a subsidiary of Auriga Industries A/S.
FMC is also said that it will try to sell its Alkali Chemicals division. It anticipates completing the sale by the middle of 2015.
FMC had announced in March that it planned to separate into two publicly traded companies.
FMC Corp. will fund the Cheminova transaction with debt and existing cash reserves.
The deal is targeted to close early next year. It's expected to add to FMC's adjusted earnings in the first year after the acquisition.

Japan says economy contracted 7.1 percent in 2Q... 
ELAINE KURTENBACH | September 8, 2014 05:19 AM EST | Associated Press
TOKYO (AP) — Japan's economy shrank more sharply in the second quarter than first estimated and the latest indicators suggest only a modest bounce back since then.
The world's third-largest economy contracted at an annualized rate of 7.1 percent in the April-June quarter, according to updated government figures Monday. The initial estimate released earlier this month said the economy contracted 6.8 percent. Business investment fell more than twice as much as first estimated.
The economy's contraction was expected after Japan increased its sales tax from 5 percent to 8 percent on April 1.
So far, data for the current July-September quarter suggest any rebound in growth is likely to be modest and slow in materializing.
A government survey of "economy watchers" released Monday showed confidence in the economy's prospects deteriorated in August.
Business activity surged early in the year, with the economy growing 6 percent in January-March, as consumers and businesses stepped up purchases to avoid paying more tax.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has championed an aggressive stimulus program aimed at ending chronic deflation that has discouraged corporate investment and dragged on growth. A sustainable recovery will require strong corporate and private spending, since exports and public spending have so far done little to lift growth.
Abe will be watching data from the current quarter as he decides later in the year whether to go ahead with a further 2 point increase in the sales tax to 10 percent in 2015.
Surveys show the public opposes a further tax increase, though increases are needed to counter ballooning public debt, which now is more than twice the size of the economy.
The revised data Monday show business investment fell more than twice as much as estimated before, or 5.1 percent, while private residential spending sank 10.4 percent in annual terms.
"Theoretically, there should be no impact from the consumption tax increase on corporate spending or long-term corporate planning, but a large number of Japanese corporations seemed to see a large impact from the hike on final demand," said Junko Nishioka, an economist at RBS Japan Securities in Tokyo.
"We are not that pessimistic for the future picture of the Japanese economy," Nishioka said, forecasting a "V-shaped recovery," supported by stronger wage growth.
Conditions remained weak in July. Real incomes fell 6.2 percent from a year earlier and household spending dropped.
The survey of economy watches, a grassroots assortment of service industry workers and others thought to have a good real-time sense of business activity, was at 47.4 in August, down from 51.3 in July and the first drop in five months.
"Industrial production was still 2 percent below the second quarter average in July, and we have yet to see a turnaround in capital spending," Marcel Thieliant of Capital Economics said in a commentary.
___
You can follow Elaine Kurtenbach on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/ekurtenbach

Samsung s commences Note 4 sale in Germany  at Rs 56 000Samsung s commences Note 4 sale in Germany  at Rs 56 000
Govt leaves it to SC to decide on de-allocation of coal blocksGovt leaves it to SC to decide on de-allocation of coal blocks
India s Concerns Over Market Access Raised With Japanese SideIndia s Concerns Over Market Access Raised With Japanese Side
Tata Steel may test Rs 680-700: Kunal BothraTata Steel may test Rs 680-700: Kunal Bothra
J&K Bank corrects on profit bookingJ&K Bank corrects on profit booking
Ukraine truce largely holding: OSCEUkraine truce largely holding: OSCE
HDFC Bank to open 24 new branches in Odisha in FY15hdfc bank to open 24 new branches in odisha in fy15
Buy Siemens: Ambareesh Baliga02:30 pm
Ambareesh Baliga, Independent Market Expert told CNBC-TV18, "This is a momentum market. It has to be on the trading and nothing else. The stocks are moving up. I would possibly look at buying  Siemens  which can have possibly Rs 50-60 move from here.  Oil and Natural Gas Corporation  (ONGC) which has just started moving and in  Wockhardt  we saw movement in the last two to three days with extremely good movement in the last two to three days. Still you have an upside of at least Rs 50-60 more from here. All trading calls, you need to be quick to get in and have a stoploss to quickly get out."
On September 8, 2014 Siemens closed at Rs 890.90, up Rs 39.30, or 4.61 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 899 and an intraday low of Rs 860.
RELATED NEWS

Dhunseri Petrochem & Tea: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 08, 2014, 04.06 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Dhunseri Petrochem & Tea: Updates on outcome of AGM
Dhunseri Petrochem & Tea has submitted a copy of Minutes of the 98th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 14, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dhunseri Petrochem & Tea: Updates on outcome of AGM
Dhunseri Petrochem & Tea has submitted a copy of Minutes of the 98th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 14, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Dhunseri Petrochem & Tea Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of Minutes of the 98th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 14, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

God particle could destroy the universe: HawkingREUTERS A file image of British physicist Stephen Hawking
London, Sept 8:  
The elusive ‘God particle’ discovered by scientists in 2012 has the potential to destroy the universe, famed British physicist Stephen Hawking has warned.
According to Hawking, 72, at very high energy levels the Higgs boson, which gives shape and size to everything that exists, could become unstable.
This, he said, could cause a “catastrophic vacuum decay” that would lead space and time to collapse, ‘Express.co.uk’ reported.
“The Higgs potential has the worrisome feature that it might become megastable at energies above 100bn giga-electron-volts (GeV),” Hawking wrote in the preface to a new book called Starmus.
“This could mean that the universe could undergo catastrophic vacuum decay, with a bubble of the true vacuum expanding at the speed of light.
“This could happen at any time and we wouldn’t see it coming,” said Hawking.
The Higgs boson, also known as the God particle, was discovered in 2012 by scientists at CERN – who operate the world’s largest particle physics laboratory.
Hawking said the likelihood of such a disaster is unlikely to happen in the near future, however, the danger of the Higgs becoming destabilised at high energy is too great to be ignored.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

BlackBerry doesn t consider Xiaomi  Obi as competitors in India marketAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Sears to cut retirees  $37 monthly health care subsidySears Holdings said Thursday its loss widened significantly in the second quarter and announced it may close more stores, in addition to the 130 closings underway this year. ( Alexia Elejalde-Ruiz )
Only employees who retired before 2000 were eligible to receive the subsidy, which was reduced in 2006 and is applied to the monthly cost of health care coverage through Sears-sponsored group benefit plans. Anyone who retired after 2000 had their subsidy eliminated in 2006.
The move will save Sears Holdings, which owns Sears and Kmart, about $6.2 million annually. The decision has been in the works for months and was not related to last week's earnings release, when Sears reported its ninth consecutive quarter of losses and 30th consecutive quarter of revenue declines, spokesman Chris Brathwaite said.
There will be no change to pensions or life insurance, he added.
Ron Olbrysh, chairman of the National Association of Retired Sears Employees, said "it came as a shock" when Sears told him the news during a call Thursday afternoon. While his group was expecting that the subsidy eventually would get hit, given Sears' financial performance, he didn't expect it to come so soon.
"While $37 per month doesn't sound like a horrendous amount, for some it will be significant," Olbrysh said. Most of the group's members are in their upper 70s and live on pensions and Social Security. It is the biggest change Sears has made to retiree benefits in many years, he added.
The average age of the retirees in this group, which represents one-tenth of all 140,000 Sears Holdings retirees, is 83, said Stanley Aldis, director of benefits for Sears.
To soften the blow, Sears has negotiated with its insurance carrier, Aetna, to expand to eight, from four, the number of group medical coverage plans it offers to retirees, and its prescription drug plan to seven, from four, so that they have the option of choosing ones with lower premiums.
Put a fork in this turkey, Sears is done. What a miserable shopping experience, from the depressing, low class stores to scant merchandise to the troglodyte employees.
Hank Reardon1

Illinois draft altered some fracking rulesIllinois draft altered some fracking rules
Aerial pictures of oil rigs and fracking sites
Zbigniew Bzdak / Chicago Tribune
Aerial pictures of oil rigs and fracking sites near Williston, which is in the middle of the oil boom territory of North Dakota on March 14, 2013.
Aerial pictures of oil rigs and fracking sites near Williston, which is in the middle of the oil boom territory of North Dakota on March 14, 2013. (Zbigniew Bzdak / Chicago Tribune)
How the fracking rules have changed in Illinois.
IDNR takes red pen to fracking rules.
Tick tock. Countdown to fracking in Illinois.
In combing through the more than 30,000 comments it received this year on proposed rules for a new fracking industry in the state, the Illinois Department of Natural Resources had its hands full.
Some people want to ban fracking, which involves injecting fluids and chemicals at high volumes to crack open shale rock and unleash oil and natural gas. Others pointed out loopholes in proposed regulations. Some wrote in song and verse, others in technical jargon.
Expectations for the latest draft of the rules, submitted Friday for final approval by the Joint Committee on Administrative Rules, are high and the timeline is tight.
If it doesn't gain the committee's approval by Nov. 15, the agency will be forced to start all over again.
The rules are the requirement of a law passed more than a year ago to regulate a legal industry. The IDNR's rules and regulations must be approved by the committee before fracking companies may apply for permits.
Environmentalists, oil and gas developers and anti-fracking groups are anxiously awaiting Friday's unveiling of regulations for fracking operations in Illinois. ( Julie Wernau )
"My take on the revisions is that IDNR seems to have worked very hard to digest an enormous body of public comment, and revise the regulations as it saw necessary and appropriate. I think that few people will be able to argue that IDNR rushed the process or otherwise did not fairly consider the staggering volume of comments it received, even if the end result is not considered perfect by either pro- or anti-fracking proponents," said Lawrence Falbe, an environmental defense attorney and partner at the Chicago office of Quarles & Brady.
While it will likely take teams of lawyers both within the oil and gas industry and the environmental community days to pore over the document to determine if and how their particular concerns were addressed, stakeholders who have been involved in the fracking law since the beginning indicated that they had already found issues with the draft submitted Friday.
8
Mark Denzler, vice president and chief operating officer of the Illinois Manufacturers' Association, which is part of a coalition that supports fracking, said an initial review "expanded the rules beyond what the legislation has set forth."
For instance, Denzler sees additional setbacks in the rules for well bores that aren't required in state law. Denzler said traffic management requirements with local officials go too far compared with the law.
"Quite frankly the department probably should have sat down with both sides and tried to work this out," he said, adding that the lengthy review process combined with the flood of comments made the whole process "flawed."
Groups who don't believe fracking can ever be environmentally safe also were underwhelmed.
"While we would love to give a definitive thumbs up or down today, it is just not possible with such short review time, as these are highly technical rules that require considerable analysis," said Henry Henderson, Midwest director for the Natural Resources Defense Council. "On first read, it appears that a number of the critical changes we requested have been made. However, our legal and technical staff will be spending the Labor Day weekend digging into the rules."
Anti-fracking groups and environmentalists had called for a moratorium or outright ban on the process, pending more research on its effect on public health. In its comments Friday, the IDNR said it could provide neither because it would be directly counter to the intent of the legislation.
"Fracking is a very dangerous practice that threatens the health, water supply and air quality of residents and Sierra Club is opposed to its use in Illinois," said Jack Darin, director of the Illinois Chapter of the Sierra Club.
@olderwiser Colorado has had hundreds of watersheds contaminated by spills and shoddy construction: http://www.denverpost.com/News/Local/ci_22154751/Drilling-spills-reaching-Colorado-groundwater;-state "Oil and gas have contaminated groundwater in 17 percent of the 2,078 spills and slow...
jomogs
8
Sierra Club was among environmental groups that negotiated with industry to pass the original law that opened the door to fracking and hash out regulations for the practice while also opposing the process publicly. The groups said at the time that a moratorium wasn't politically feasible and that they wanted to ensure that if it was going to happen, it was at least done as safely as possible.
"The first draft of these regulations, released in late 2013, were woefully inadequate in many areas, and thousands of citizens from across Illinois packed public hearings and submitted public comments demanding major improvements," Darin said, adding that "no amount of regulation can make dangerous fracking safe."
The committee has 45 days to consider the proposed regulations and can request an additional 45 days. The committee's next hearing is Sept. 16. Rules must be adopted by Nov. 15 or the process starts over. 
ILLINOIS FRACKING REGULATIONS, A PRIMER
The Tribune combed through new rules laid out by the Illinois Department of Natural Resources for consideration by the state's Joint Committee on Administrative Rules. Here's a primer on how the department handled some of the most controversial issues that resulted from its first draft:
DISCLOSURE OF FRACKING CHEMICALS
What the law says: Trade secrets about fracking chemicals should be disclosed to health care workers treating patients.
The controversy: Advocates said the original draft made it too difficult for health care workers to obtain timely information. Rules said health care personnel must contact the Illinois Department of Natural Resources "during business hours" or contact the "trade secret holder" directly.
Changed? Yes. The IDNR clarified that companies claiming chemicals are a trade secret must provide the agency a telephone number and email where someone can be reached 24 hours a day. That information will be posted on the IDNR's website.
WATER POLLUTION
What the law says: Wastewater from fracking operations should be stored in closed tanks. If more wastewater reaches the surface than can be stored in tanks, open pits can be used for one week.
The controversy: Environmental groups said rules allowed wastewater to sit in open pits for a week until after all operations are complete, which in practice would be far longer than a total of seven days.
Changed? Yes. New rules say flowback must be removed within seven days from when it was first stored in a pit.
EXISTING FRACKING WELLS
What the law says: Hydraulic fracturing operations that are "planned, have occurred, or are occurring in the state" fall under the new law.
The controversy: Environmental groups said the rules could be interpreted to exclude fracking that has already occurred from revised regulations.
Addressed? Yes. After considering the comments, the IDNR said it agrees that the law and rules changes clearly apply to existing wells.
FRACKING WITHOUT WATER
What the law says: The law doesn't kick in until 80,000 gallons of fluid are injected into underground rock formations to extract oil and gas.

Dyson at long last unveils  360 Eye   a cyclonic robot vacuum cleanerIn 2001, the company released an earlier robotic vacuum cleaner, the bulky DC06, which bogged down under weight issues, heavy expectations, a hefty $6,000 price tag and which was, eventually, pulled from the market.
Building a better robot is tedious work.
“The thing I’ve learned from this project is that it’s such a balancing act to get it all done,” said Green, who worked on the motor inside the 360 Eye.
Dyson says the 360 Eye benefits from a brush bar used in upright Dyson vacuums, as well as shared technology from an air-nozzle-powered dust canister and refinements to the digital motor.
Engineers had to overcome the weight of batteries and robust self-driving mechanical treads. Green said the solution involved creating a more efficient digital motor that is light on weight and heavy on patents. Software engineers tied control of the device to a smart-phone app that allows for programmed cleaning, remote control — even offsite — which will provide Dyson with analytics on the robot and how customers use it.
The company said 200 people spent part of 16 years and nearly $47 million in research and development to create what is now the 360 Eye. Green and others were part of a further $250 million project to develop the electromagnetic Dyson Digital Motor used in battery-powered Dyson devices.
“For us, a robotic vacuum has to do it as well as you do it,” Green said. “Our aim was not to release a robot until we could satisfy our need for equivalent pickup performance to a full-size vacuum, and a navigation system that got around the room as well as a human would do it. It was a great learning curve for us.”
At iRobot, which says it already has 12 million of its robots on the market, Angle welcomed the Dyson newcomer, calling it "another step towards realizing our vision of traditional vacuums becoming a thing of the past."
"We’ve long anticipated that our success would inspire others to do the same," Angle said. "Good competition will help grow the industry as a whole."

The people: Corbett Drummey  Popular PaysThe people: Corbett Drummey, Popular Pays
The people: Corbett Drummey, Popular Pays
Corbett Drummey, co-founder of Popular Pays, says a business is great to make, but "it's just a collection of the people you make it with."
Corbett Drummey, co-founder of Popular Pays, says a business is great to make, but "it's just a collection of the people you make it with."

US economy looks strongest since 2009September 4, 2014 7:05 pm
US economy looks strongest since 2009
By Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5bb7d4f4-344a-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rupee down 7 paise in early tradeUpdated: September 5, 2014 10:10 IST
Rupee down 7 paise in early trade
PTI
foreign exchange market
The rupee fell by 7 paise to 60.43 against the US dollar in early trade on Friday at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market due to increased demand for the US currency from importers.
Forex dealers said besides the dollar’s gains against other currencies overseas, increased demand from importers for the American unit put pressure on the rupee but a higher opening in the domestic equity market capped losses.
The rupee ended at one-month high by gaining 13 paise at 60.39 against the dollar on Thursday on sustained selling of the US currency.

MD & Head EM Strategy Societe GeneraleExpertise : Equity - Fundamental  , Currencies 
Benoit Anne is currently the Head of Global Emerging Market Strategy at French bank Societe Generale. Currently based in London, Anne has previously worked with investment bank Merrill Lynch as Head of EMEA/Latin America Forex and Debt strategy. He was also Economist, African Department, with the International Monetary Fund (IMF) between 2000-2005.
ABOUT Benoit Anne
Benoit Anne is currently the Head of Global Emerging Market Strategy at French bank Societe Generale. Currently based in London, Anne has previously worked with investment bank Merrill Lynch as Head of EMEA/Latin America Forex and Debt strategy. He was also Economist, African Department, with the International Monetary Fund (IMF) between 2000-2005.

Analyst SBICap SecuritiesDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

10 Tips for Listening to Your Coworkers While Still Ignoring Themreddit
One of my coworkers came to me the other day and said something about how they were feeling or something, I can't remember exactly what. The point is, listening to your coworkers is hard. They often say marginally interesting things which you have no desire to contribute to, and that leaves you feeling empty and hollow inside. This is no way to live. That's why, when speaking with your coworkers, the best course of action is to make them feel heard while at the same time ignoring them completely. Here are my favorite ways to do just that.
1. Say "I totally get that"
Interject with clearly agreeable statements, such as, "I totally get that," "I hear you 110%" or "I am right there with you, boo." All the positive reinforcement will make your coworker feel validated, as if you were actually listening. Even better, they'll think you're completely on their side even though that would be impossible.
2. Seem confused
Have a painfully confused look on your face throughout the conversation. This will convince your coworkers that you're listening intently, and trying really hard to understand them, when really you're just wondering what drink to order at happy hour.
3. Repeat what they said, sort of
It's important to paraphrase what your coworkers say in such a way that you're actually telling them what you want to hear. If they mention problems, turn them into challenges, if they mention complaints, turn them into opportunities and if they mention their vacation, turn it into a guilt trip. If they point out that you don't seem to be understanding them, suggest they take a class on effective communication. 
4. Mention their attitude
Interrupt your coworker with a simple, "You seem angry," and quickly follow it up with, "Are you ok?" If you point out their overall attitude, any attitude really, you've instantaneously made them feel heard, and also sort of ashamed. It's the perfect combination. This way they feel like you're listening to them on a deeper level than anyone else, even though you're actually spending time in the Twitterverse of your mind.
5. Talk about the big picture
Coworkers often want to talk about tiny boring details that could drain the life out of a drain pipe. Questioning their focus on the big picture takes the spotlight off of your inability to listen and back on their ability to keep talking.
6. Create a distraction
If your coworker wants to chat with you, it's always great to suggest a "walking" meeting, or to meet somewhere outside of the office. This way there's always something to point out at key moments, whether it be a cool piece of graffiti, homeless person or any shiny object. While they talk, keep on the lookout for anything that might seem interesting and point it out whenever you feel like you can't take their yabbering anymore. Then, apologize for getting distracted and ask them to continue. Rinse and repeat.
7. Be silent
An interesting thing happens when you're totally silent. People tend to feel like they need to fill the silence with more talking, and eventually they end up talking themselves out of whatever they were saying in the first place. Do this long enough and they'll think you're some kind of all-knowing ever-present tai chi master.
8. Ask meaningless questions
Come up with six or seven begging questions you can ask at random points without giving away the fact that you haven't been listening. Questions like, "Can you tell me more?" or "What do you mean by that?" or "Why do you think that is?" or "Who are we really?", will make your coworker dive deeper into the recesses of their mind, leaving you to be with your thoughts about last night's Tinder date.
9. Start with a hard stop
Start every conversation with, "I have a hard stop in 3 minutes." For more desperate situations, say you have a meeting. If you don't have a meeting, say you have a deadline. If you don't have a deadline then say you have an email you have to finish looking at.
10. Avoid eye contact
Never look your coworker in the eye while they talk. Non-verbal communication specialists say that tilting your head and looking up indicates reflection. Do this while nodding so they can't see your eyes glazing over. Another option is to close your eyes altogether and assure them it helps you listen. If you fall asleep, try not to snore. When they finish talking, simply open your eyes again and say, "I'll think about that some more". Then walk away feeling refreshed and confident that your coworker really thought you were listening that time.
--
For more from Sarah, check out TheCooperReview.com . Follow @sarahcpr on Twitter and become a fan on Facebook .
Follow Sarah Cooper on Twitter: www.twitter.com/sarahcpr
More:

Facebook ready to spend billions to bring whole world online: ZuckerbergFacebook ready to spend billions to bring whole world online: Zuckerberg
Mark Zuckerberg
Edgard Garrido
Zuckerberg, founder and CEO of Facebook, gestures during his conference at Seminar "Mexico Siglo XXI," organized by Telmex foundation, in Mexico City.
Zuckerberg, founder and CEO of Facebook, gestures during his conference at Seminar "Mexico Siglo XXI," organized by Telmex foundation, in Mexico City. (Edgard Garrido)
By Christine Murray, Reuters
Facebook Mark Zuckerberg Carlos Slim
'What we really care about is connecting everyone in the world.'
Facebook Inc is prepared to spend billions of dollars to reach its goal of bringing the Internet to everyone on the planet, Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg said on Friday.
"What we really care about is connecting everyone in the world," Zuckerberg said at an event in Mexico City hosted by Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim.
"Even if it means that Facebook has to spend billions of dollars over the next decade making this happen, I believe that over the long term its gonna be a good thing for us and for the world."
Around 3 billion people will have access to the Internet by the end of 2014, according to International Telecommunications Union (ITU) statistics. Almost half that, 1.3 billion people, use Facebook.
Facebook, the world's largest social networking company, launched its Internet.org project last year to connect billions of people without Internet access in places such as Africa and Asia by working with phone operators.
"I believe that ... when everyone is on the Internet all of our businesses and economies will be better," Zuckerberg said.
(Editing by Simon Gardner and Richard Chang)

U.S. Senate investigators split on party lines over IRS scandalU.S. Senate investigators split on party lines over IRS scandal
IRS: Five more employees lost emails In computer crashes
IRS: Five more employees lost emails In computer crashes
IRS: Five more employees lost emails In computer crashes
By Kevin Drawbaugh, Reuters
Taxation Internal Revenue Service U.S. Senate Republican Party George W. Bush Tea Party Movement
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic Senate investigators criticized a watchdog for the U.S. Internal Revenue Service on Friday for "inaccurately and unfairly" damaging public confidence in the tax agency's political impartiality.
Republican investigators disagreed, defending the job done by the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration (TIGTA) last year in reviewing the IRS' handling of tax-exemption applications received from political groups.
A starkly split 222-page report from the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations displayed continued partisan discord over an affair that burst into view in May 2013 and quickly enmeshed the IRS in its worst scandal in decades.
Last year's controversy stemmed from allegations that IRS agents had singled out applications for tax-exempt status from the Tea Party movement and other conservative groups for extra scrutiny. When a senior IRS executive apologized over the issue, a furor ensued that led to the resignation of the chief of the IRS and multiple investigations and congressional hearings.
Democrats don't think there is a problem. They believe that gov't agencies are to be used as a hammer against their political enemies. They don't see the crime.
Barry3
1
Separately on Friday, the IRS acknowledged that it had discovered the loss of more related employee emails from the 2009-2014 period being probed by Republican congressional investigators, according to a letter sent to them by the agency.
Obtained by Reuters, the letter said emails for five current or former IRS employees had been lost in a computer crash. The agency earlier this year said it had lost many emails by a former senior IRS executive, triggering another round of congressional hearings.
"The IRS has determined that five of the employees had hard-drive issues that resulted in a probable loss of emails," IRS Commissioner John Koskinen said in a statement on Friday.
He said the IRS had salvaged 14,000 potentially relevant emails from those lost. "The IRS has found no evidence that any IRS personnel deliberately destroyed any evidence," he said.
In the Senate subcommittee report, Democrats said IRS staffers reviewing tax-exemption applications subjected both conservative and liberal groups to extra scrutiny, while Republicans complained conservatives got worse IRS treatment.
Democrats singled out TIGTA for harsh criticism. The independent watchdog is headed by J. Russell George, a lawyer nominated by former Republican President George W. Bush and confirmed by the Senate in November 2004.
Days after the IRS targeting program for tax-exemption applications erupted into view, TIGTA issued an audit report that had been underway for months on the IRS' conduct.
The report focused chiefly on conservative groups and said that "inappropriate criteria" were used by the IRS for selecting applications for closer, lengthier review.
TIGTA's George said in an emailed statement that he was reviewing the subcommittee report. "I firmly stand behind the audit report that we issued last year," he said.
Senate subcommittee Democrats said TIGTA left out of its audit report that both conservative and liberal groups were mistreated by IRS agents, and that TIGTA investigators, in early inquiries, found no indications of political bias at the IRS.
In their section of the report, Republicans said TIGTA's audit was valid and "adequately covered the relevant material."
(Reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh; Editing by Tom Brown and Lisa Shumaker)

Buy Nifty with stops below 8050: Sukhani06 September 2014
Saturday
Choppy markets were an avoid, now is the time to trade; three day correction in Nifty, Bank Nifty may be complete; Monday is buy day for swing traders
Decline continues in Bank Nifty and price closes lower. This correction is continues from last 3 trading days. We may get a buying opportunity now. CNX IT traded choppy today. Trend is up and we should look for a buying in this sector.
We have ALUMINIUM in METAL SECTION. Prices are trading inside a range. A breakout may give us a trading opportunity. We have OIL in Sector Focus. Trend is up and we should look for buying in OIL Stocks. Stock in focus includes BAJAJ AUTO, CIPLA, HIND PETRO and INDUSIND BANK. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss USD INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

MD & Head of India Research Morgan StanleyMD & Head of India Research
Morgan Stanley
Ridham Desai, Managing Director, joined Morgan Stanley in Mumbai in 1997. He is also on the board of JM Morgan Stanley Securities Pvt Ltd.
ABOUT Ridham Desai
Ridham Desai, Managing Director, joined Morgan Stanley in Mumbai in 1997. He is also on the board of JM Morgan Stanley Securities Pvt Ltd.

For Europe s Vast Unemployed  Hopes Remain DimAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

2-child norm for local bodies hurts sex ratiosocial issue
Research finds drastic consequences
India’s attempt at a China-type population control policy appears to have had drastic but unintended consequences. Laws enacted by State governments in the late 1990s and 2000s restricting political eligibility to candidates with two or less children did reduce family sizes in those States, but severely affected the sex ratio, a new research has found.
Over the period, 11 Indian States passed laws disqualifying persons with more than two children from contesting panchayat elections. Some States like Bihar, Gujarat and Uttarakhand enacted such laws later, while Himachal Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh repealed their laws after 2005. Uttarakhand and Bihar implemented the law only for municipal elections.
In a working paper, economists S. Anukriti from Boston College and Abhishek Chakravarty of the University of Essex looked at seven States — Rajasthan, Haryana, Andhra Pradesh, Orissa, Himachal Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, and Maharashtra — in which such laws were in effect between 1992 and 2005.
Using data from various rounds of National Family Health Survey (NFHS) and District-Level Household Survey (DLHS), the researchers found that there was a marked decline in the number of women in the general population reporting third births exactly one year after the new policy was announced; the first year was a “grace period” in all of the State laws.
This decline was relative to that State’s own history of decline in fertility as well as other States which didn’t enact such laws.
Anti-poor, anti-women laws
Laws enacted by 11 State governments in the late 1990s and 2000s restricting political eligibility to candidates with maximum two children has severely affected the sex ratio, a new research has found.
So did the norm for politicians effect a change in the overall population? “We think that the effect is not so much from a role-model effect via people emulating local leaders, but more from people’s desire to remain eligible for future elections themselves. This is because the decline in fertility begins immediately after the grace period ends, whereas a role-model effect would take some time to become visible,” Dr. Chakravarty explained to The Hindu.
The research by economists S. Anukriti from Boston College and Abhishek Chakravarty of the University of Essex also shows that the enactment of these laws led to the worsening of sex ratio in these States. This was particularly true for upper caste families whose first child was a daughter.
There is evidence that men were divorcing their wives to remain eligible for elections, and that such laws were putting the third children at a disadvantage, Poonam Muttreja, Executive Director of Population Foundation of India, told The Hindu. “These laws – which are purely political decisions – are completely unacceptable. They are anti-poor and anti-women,” she said. “In a country with such a vast unmet need for family planning measures, which is unable to guarantee the survival of children, it is unacceptable that such laws are imposed,” Ms. Muttreja said. Across the world, data has shown that when women got educated, they reduced fertility themselves without needing laws, she said. Moreover, such laws disproportionately impact the poor whose children have worse chances of survival, Ms. Muttreja said.
In 2009, Chintaram Sahariya, an adivasi farmer, stood for and won the sarpanch’s seat in his panchayat – or so he thought. The losing candidate appealed against Mr. Chintaram in Rampur Todiya, a panchayat in Rajasthan’s Baran district, and the latter was disqualified. “I have four sons and admitted as much in my affidavit. I had no idea about the law. The man who appealed against me himself had three children,” he told The Hindu over the phone. “You will not find a Sahariya with less than four children,” Mr. Chintaram said. “So should all of us quit politics?”

New game destined to draw 10mn players on first dayUpdated: September 7, 2014 00:57 IST
New game destined to draw 10mn players on first day
Hannah Ellis-Petersen
NYT A screenshot of the video game 'Destiny'. The new outer-space shooter features a score by Paul McCartney, voice acting by Peter Dinklage and the design talents of Bungie, the studio that created Microsoft's Halo series.
TOPICS
science and technology
Experts predict the immersive sci—fi fantasy — the world’s most expensive video game — will change the face of gaming
It all began more than 20 years ago, in a cramped student flat in Chicago, where two friends, Jason Jones and Alex Seropian, programmed computer games from their living room and hand-assembled the boxes. But next week, Bungie, a company that has grown from a team of two to more than 500 employees, will release the world’s most expensive and eagerly awaited video game — to an expected 10 million players.
Many claim that Destiny will revolutionise the face of gaming when it hits shelves globally on Tuesday (September 9), in the same way that Halo, the influential franchise that put Bungie on the map, did when it was released in 1999.
First new project after Halo
Destiny will be Bungie’s first new project since Halo, and the anticipation and secrecy surrounding it has already ensured it is the most pre-ordered piece of entertainment software in history. When a beta demo version was released in July, a record-breaking 4.6 million people played it.
In a sign of the increasingly mainstream nature of video games, Paul McCartney has co-composed the soundtrack — a 50-minute orchestral suite — as well as writing a theme song for the game.
“The hype levels that have surrounded the game have been stratospheric, it’s ridiculous,” said Alan Ismail, who has racked up more than 15m views on his YouTube gaming video blogs under the name Moreconsole and has worked with Bungie to test out Destiny. “This is definitely a game that is going to change the industry. It’s a decade-long project as well, and you see Bungie comparing their game to Star Wars and Lord of the Rings, that kind of epic sci-fi trilogy, and they want to build this universe that will last a decade.” A sci-fi fantasy set in a post-apocalyptic world 700 years in the future, it enables players to become “guardians”, travelling through space, either alone or with friends, with the task of investigating and destroying aliens before the human race is wiped out. The project has cost $500m — more than twice the budget of the new Star Wars films.
Focus on social aspect of game
Derek Carroll, a designer for Bungie who has worked on Destiny for almost five years, said the investment had been strongly focused on the social aspect of the game and of the Destiny universe, which is what has set it apart from other games. It can only be played online, ensuring everyone entering the Destiny universe is connected and can appear and interact in each other’s games. — © Guardian Newspapers Limited, 2014

India third most affected nation by online banking malwareNew Delhi, September 7, 2014
Updated: September 7, 2014 12:26 IST
India third most affected nation by online banking malware
PTI
The Hindu India saw more than 3,000 online banking malware attacks.
TOPICS
banking
India saw more than 3,000 online banking malware attacks in a month.
Growing Internet penetration and rising popularity of online banking have made India a favourite among cybercriminals, who target online financial transactions using malware, security solutions provider Trend Micro said.
According to the firm, India ranks third after Japan and the US in the tally of countries most affected by online banking malware during the April-June quarter of 2014.
Japan topped the list with the highest number of online banking malware infections this quarter due to VAWTRAK. In May alone, it saw 13,000 malware infections.
The US saw about 5,000 malware infections during the month, followed by India at 3,000 attacks.
“India posed for cybercriminal expansion with an average of 2.5 million malware detection in a given month. Also, 33 per cent more malicious apps were downloaded and network traffic from affected computers continued to rise,” TrendLabs Director Myla V Pilao told PTI.
TrendLabs is Trend Micro’s research and development centre.
These and many such incidents show that cybercriminals will always adapt to new trends and situations whether in the use of new malware or targeted attacks techniques to continue their attacks, she added.
She said the severity of attacks has intensified against financial and banking institutions as well as retail outlets globally.
“Total attacks have exposed more than 10 million personal records as of July 2014 and that strongly indicates that organisations need to adopt a more strategic approach to safeguarding digital information,” she said.
Such incidents often lead to stealing of consumer’s personal information like customer names, passwords, email addresses, home addresses, phone numbers, and date of birth.
These types of personal privacy breaches have affected organisation’s sales and earnings, while leaving customers unable to access accounts and dealing with service disruption, Mr. Pilao said.
“The pace of change in technology sector has never been as rapid as it is now, and as a result we see firms struggling to keep up with the latest developments,” she said.
Mr. Pilao added that it is essential that Indian businesses treat information security as a principal constituent of business strategy as time and again it has emerged as one of the top countries witnessing cybercrime.

Grand  Big Picture Reforms in India May Take Some Time: RajanChina Likely to Set Up Industrial Parks in India: Commerce Minister
New York: India's new government may take some time to unveil "grand, big picture reforms" as it is currently focusing on implementation of stalled projects that will pay dividends in the short run by helping on the inflation and income fronts, RBI Governor Dr Raghuram Rajan has said.
"In India, if you are looking for grand, big picture reforms it may take some time coming...but in terms of decentralising, in terms of doing the small stuff which adds up to the big stuff I think that is already happening," Dr Rajan said in a speech on India and the global economy at an event organised in Chicago on Friday by the Chicago Council on Global Affairs.
He said people have been expecting "major changes very quickly" from the new government and harboured the belief that it would be moving fast on a "number of dimensions that the people want them to move on."
Dr Rajan pointed out that the new Modi government has "stuck to the path the old government laid out" to show that there was continuity and this has benefited India in the eyes of the international investors.
"I think the government has essentially focused on implementation because that is really the need of the hour. Lot of projects are being stuck because of environmental permissions, forest clearances," he said.
Dr Rajan said it is important to get the stalled projects "back on the road" because there are $50-70 billion stuck in those projects, which once start functioning, would produce output that will help on the inflation and income front.
"Let's get the projects back on track. The government is focused on that, it is not headline news... but it is something that will pay dividends in the short run and I think that is what they are doing," he said adding that when the number of stalled projects start to come down sharply, "you will see something good is happening."
In the longer run, once the economy comes on back on track there are "some major reforms" that probably need to be done. He, however, noted that in the short run, a number of states in India are moving ahead with labour and land acquisition reforms.
"We are still focused on macro stabilisation. Current Account Deficit, fiscal deficit, inflation all those numbers hopefully will be better going forward and if the world started growing faster it will help countries like us tremendously," he said.
Story first published on: September 07, 2014 12:45 (IST)

Big tax inverters have $21bn offshoreSeptember 7, 2014 7:08 pm
Biggest tax inverters ‘have $21bn offshore’
By Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c122f9e6-3566-11e4-a2c2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

What Draghi must do next to fix EuropeSeptember 7, 2014 7:14 pm
What Mario Draghi must do next to fix Europe’s economy
By Wolfgang Münchau
Eurozone policy makers and their economic advisers are structuralists by inclination
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6c192230-3427-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Scots who dally with separatists invite a bitter divorceSeptember 7, 2014 7:29 pm
Scots who dally with separatists invite a bitter divorce
By George Robertson
A Yes vote would mutilate his country, this Englishman complained – yet he had no say
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2f041834-351a-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Reform is the answer to secular stagnationSeptember 7, 2014 7:09 pm
Bold reform is the only answer to secular stagnation
By Lawrence Summers
There may be supply-side barriers that hold the economy back before constraints on demand bind
The economy continues to operate way below any estimate of its potential made before the onset of financial crisis in 2007, with a shortfall of gross domestic product relative to previous trend in excess of $1.5tn, or $20,000 per family of four. As disturbing, the average growth rate of the economy of less than 2 per cent since that time has caused output to fall further and further below previous estimates of its potential.
The FT’s A-List
The A-List provides timely, insightful comment on the topics that matter, from globally renowned leaders, policy makers and commentators
Almost a year ago I invoked the concept of secular stagnation in response to the observation that five years after financial haemorrhaging had been staunched, the business cycle was cycling back to what had been previously thought of as normal levels of output.
Secular stagnation in my version, like that of Alvin Hansen, the economist who coined the term in the 1930s, has emphasised the difficulty of maintaining sufficient demand to permit normal levels of output.
But with a high propensity to save, a low propensity to invest and low inflation, this has been impossible. Nominal interest rates cannot fall below zero, as they would have to for real interest rates to be low enough to enable saving and investment to be equated with the economy producing at its full potential. Furthermore, even if potential output can be attained, it would require interest rates so low that they risk financial instability.
Given the factors operating to reduce natural interest rates – rising inequality, lower capital costs, slowing population growth, foreign reserve accumulation, and greater costs of financial intermediation – it seems unlikely that the American economy is capable of demanding 10 per cent more output than it does now, at interest rates consistent with financial stability. So demand-side secular stagnation remains an important economic problem.
More
Lawrence Summers on ‘House of Debt’
But, as the work of Robert J Gordon has shown, there may now be supply-side barriers that threaten to hold back the economy before constraints on the ability to create demand start to bind. Two ways of looking at the current situation point up the difficulty.
First, while I have emphasised that levels of GDP are far short of what pre-crisis trends would predict, the unemployment rate at 6.1 per cent (down from a 10 per cent peak) has reverted most of the way back to even relatively optimistic estimates of its normal level. In other words, even while economic growth performance has been very poor, it appears that demand has been advancing rapidly enough to substantially reduce slack in the labour market. Weak growth, along with substantial decreases in slack, suggests significant weakness in the growth of potential output.
To be fair, there is room to cavil about the unemployment rate as a measure of slack in the labour market. But the extent of apparent normalisation is even greater if one looks at measures of job openings and vacancies, new unemployment insurance claims, or the short-term unemployment rate.
Second, with Friday’s relatively weak employment statistics job growth has averaged 200,000 jobs a month over the past six months. If this continues, what would it imply for movements in the unemployment rate?
This depends on what happens to labour force participation, which has been trending downwards because of population ageing and long-term structural trends, even as the unemployment rate has declined sharply. Assume (optimistically, given recent trends) that the labour force participation rate for workers of a given age remains constant, and that the economy creates 200,000 jobs a month. The unemployment rate would then fall to about 4 per cent by the end of 2016.
While such a low unemployment rate is conceivable, it seems much more likely that employment growth would slow at some point, because of rising wage costs or policy actions, or because employers have difficulty finding workers. Then, the economy would be held back not by lack of demand but lack of supply potential.
Why has the economy’s supply potential declined so much relative to the pre-2007 trend? This will be debated in the years to come. Part of the answer lies in the damaging effect of past economic weakness on future potential. Part is the brutal demographics of an ageing population, the end of the trend towards increased women’s labour force participation, and the exhaustion of the gains from an increasingly educated workforce. And part is the apparent slowing of at least measured productivity.
To achieve growth of even 2 per cent over the next decade, active support for demand will be necessary but not sufficient. Structural reform is essential to increase the productivity of both workers and capital, and to increase growth in the number of people able and willing to work productively. Infrastructure investment, immigration reform, policies to promote family-friendly work, support for exploitation of energy resources, and business tax reform become ever more important policy imperatives.
The writer is Charles W Eliot university professor at Harvard and a former US Treasury secretary
Related Topics
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

BJP s move to form Delhi Government  unethical  unconstitutional : CongressUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Terming BJP's reported move to form government in Delhi as "unethical and unconstitutional", Congress on Sunday said that the saffron outfit does not have the numbers to do so and vowed to launch a "fight to the finish" against it.
Launching the "Aakrosh Rally" against BJP and Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) in Northeast Delhi's Ghonda assembly constituency, Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee (DPCC) president Arvinder Singh Lovely said electing a chief minister and proving the majority in the House through secret ballots -- what is being indicated -- was "illegal".
"Section 9 of the NCT (National Capital Territory) Act only empowers the Lieutenant Governor to message the state assembly in this regard. It is up to the assembly to take a call on the message. "There is no provision for a secret ballot in the Constitution. So these rumours are totally illegal," he said. The party also said that it will "expose" the BJP by organising such rallies in the entire state. Lovely said the Union Home Ministry was dictating terms to the Raj Niwas (L-G's residence).
The party also said that it will "expose" the BJP by organising such rallies in the entire state. Lovely said the Union Home Ministry was dictating terms to the Raj Niwas (L-G's residence).
"If BJP has the numbers, it should be certainly invited, but if not, then the party should tell who is extending support to it," he said when asked about rumours that the L-G might invite BJP to form the government. The DPCC chief also attacked Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his address to the country's children on Teachers' Day. He said that it would have been better if the money spent on his address was used for building new schools.
He claimed, "100 schools could have been opened in the country with the amount spent to fulfil the PM's penchant of speaking." "A letter can also be written. If you want to give a message, write a letter," said Lovely. Asked about AAP's demand for presidential intervention in the issue of government formation, Lovely said that the party cannot be trusted as it keeps on changing its stands.
"The AAP had made tall promises to the people but what happened later, they ran away within a month because they had understood that cannot fulfil those promises," Lovely said. Party leaders Haroon Yusuf and Mukesh Sharma were also present at the rally.

Brussels set to challenge UK bankers paySeptember 7, 2014 9:07 pm
Brussels warns City over bankers’ allowances to ‘sidestep bonus cap’
By Alex Barker in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/77e5403e-369e-11e4-95d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK wades into BP fight over US payoutsSeptember 7, 2014 9:00 pm
UK wades into BP fight over US payouts
By Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ea751c16-3507-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rupee seen appreciating  yields may riseBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 12:48 AM IST
Rupee seen appreciating, yields may rise
Government bond yields are seen rising from current levels though the rise in yields is not seen significantly
The rupee is expected to appreciate while bond yields are expected to rise this week.
According to currency dealers, the rupee might appreciate because the dollar slipped against the euro after data showed US jobs growth slowed in August.
The dollar fell on Friday after data showed United States non-farm payrolls grew by only 142,000 last month, which was below forecast. The rupee is expected to open strong against the dollar on Monday.
“The rupee may trade in a range of 60-60.50 a dollar this week. The bias is towards strengthening,” said a currency dealer with a state-run bank.
On Friday, the rupee ended at 60.41, compared with the previous close of 60.37 a dollar.
Government bond yields are seen rising from current levels though the rise in yields is not seen significantly.
According to traders, this might be because the foreign institutional investment limit in government bonds has been filled up to 98.25 per cent according to data from National Securities Depository Limited.
“The yield may trade in the range of 8.50-8.60 per cent. There is an expectation that this foreign institutional investment limit may be hiked. But if that does not happen then yields may rise,” said a bond trader.
The yield on the 10-year bond ended stable at 8.52 per cent on Friday.
 Advertisements

Finance chiefs feel heat after buyout dealsSeptember 8, 2014 1:04 am
Finance directors feel the heat after buyout deals
By Anne-Sylvaine Chassany, Private Equity Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/29555d02-3692-11e4-95d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Camerons fate hangs on Scots voteLast updated: September 7, 2014 8:10 pm
Cameron’s fate as prime minister hangs on Scotland vote
By George Parker, Political Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/edfba92c-36a1-11e4-95d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indian Bank Branches May Face Closure in UK CrackdownYou are here: Home Industries
Indian Bank Branches May Face Closure in UK Crackdown
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 08, 2014 08:21 (IST)
China Likely to Set Up Industrial Parks in India: Commerce Minister
London:
At least seven foreign-owned retail bank branches in the UK, including some Indian ones, could be forced to close down in a crackdown on overseas banks in a bid to insulate the British economy from global crises.
A consultation launched in February by Bank of England's Prudential Regulatory Authority (PRA), responsible for supervising individual banks, concluded last week.
The new rules in force require banks from outside the European Economic Area (EEA) to offer only minimal retail services.
While Bank of England declined to name the banks affected, analysts suggested that Bank of India, State Bank of India, Isbank of Turkey and Overseas Chinese Banking Corporation of Singapore are likely to be affected.
They would either have to shut down their retail banking operations in Britain or convert from branch status to full UK subsidiary -- an expensive and cumbersome process.
Some American banks, including JP Morgan and Citigroup, also have UK branches, but were less likely to be seriously hit because they also operate UK subsidiaries, according to The Times.
The PRA said in a statement that deposit-taking foreign banks that want to remain a branch must have less than 100 million pounds in account balances and fewer than 5,000 customers.
The PRA consultation had suggested that the branches might be able to trade if there were a "very high level of assurance" from the regulator in the parent bank's home country.
The new rules mean it will be easier for wholesale foreign banks, which cater to other financial institutions and large corporations rather than retail customers, to open non-deposit taking branches which would not face size limits but are likely to make it very difficult for some retail bank branches to operate.
Subsidiaries are subject to more complex clearances and branches, on the other hand, are part of a home office legal entity and don't require their own capital base in the UK or a separate board.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 08:19 (IST)

Now I know I’ve hit the big time; Roseanne Barr responded to a tweet of my post about Steven Salaita’s Scholarship from Friday@AMCHAInitiative @washingtonpost th useful idiots of Empire pretend2 have an argument, but th truth is that they R 0 lovers racists & toads.
 
David Bernstein is the George Mason University Foundation Professor at the George Mason University School of Law in Arlington, VA.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410150085/1410150085000/1410150085 tracking: {authors=David Bernstein, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=now-i-know-ive-hit-the-big-time-roseanne-barr-responded-to-a-tweet-of-my-post-about-steven-salaitas-scholarship-from-friday, post_id=13167, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 4:21:25 AM close date: Sep 22, 2014 4:21:25 AM
Comments
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410150085/1410150085000/1410150085 tracking: {authors=David Bernstein, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=now-i-know-ive-hit-the-big-time-roseanne-barr-responded-to-a-tweet-of-my-post-about-steven-salaitas-scholarship-from-friday, post_id=13167, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 4:21:25 AM close date: Sep 22, 2014 4:21:25 AM
SuperFan Badge

Vibrant Gujarat Summit: State seeks strong economic ties with USAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Digital gains  but traditional TV is still kingNew technologies boost viewership, but traditional TV is still king
By Frank Pallotta  @CNNMoney September 8, 2014: 12:10 AM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Americans are watching more television than ever -- if you count new types of digital viewing along with the old-fashioned ways.
Nielsen's latest cross-platform report -- a quarterly source of data about behavioral trends -- reaffirms that traditional television still reigns supreme. The average American still watches more than 4.5 hours of live TV each and every day.
But the report, released Monday, unsurprisingly shows some erosion in live viewing due to time-shifting and new online options. The drop-off is concentrated among younger viewers.
"Overall time spent with media content has increased," Nielsen said. "While traditional television viewing is down, especially among younger viewers, overall media consumption is up and growing, driven by an impressive growth in digital video viewing."
The data underlines recent moves by major media companies to invest in companies that reach younger viewers on the Web. The Walt Disney Company bought Maker Studios earlier this year and A&E Networks, partly owned by Disney, recently announced an investment in Vice .
 
Why the NFL rules TV
According to Nielsen, the traditional TV declines are greatest in the key advertising demographic of 18- to 34-year-olds -- with a drop of 2% from the same timeframe in 2013. These declines have shown up in past quarterly reports by Nielsen, too.
Yet viewership on computers and smartphones among the same demographic rose 53% year-over-year.
Those new ways to watch "have lifted overall media consumption by 4%" in the age group, Nielsen said.
Related: Chuck Todd's plan to give 'Meet the Press' a boost
The spike in digital viewing is apparent among older Americans, as well. Consumption via digital video among 35- to 49-year-olds grew an amazing 80% in the same year-over-year period.
Consumption grew 60% among 50- to 64-year-olds, showing a tendency to try new technologies and find new ways to watch shows. Still, digital viewership is a pittance compared to big-screen TV viewing for now.
Nielsen's data is dependent on its samples of viewers across the country.
First Published: September 8, 2014: 12:10 AM ET
Join the Conversation

National Head- Derivative Desk Aditya Birla MoneyDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

Managing Editor CNBC-TV18Managing Editor
CNBC-TV18
Shereen Bhan is the Executive-Editor CNBC-TV18. She is a graduate from St Stephen`s College New Delhi with a Masters in communication studies from the Department of communication, Pune University. She has been producing and anchoring flagships shows like India Business Hour and What`s Hot for a decade. She is the Anchor-Editor of Young Turks, one of India`s longest running shows on entrepreneurs. She is also the host of the Overdrive show, the winner of the New Television Award for the best Auto show for 3 consecutive years. She is also the recipient of the Best Business Talk show award at the News Television awards for two years consecutively. She won the FICCI woman of the year award for her contribution to the media in 2005 and was named a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum. She has interviewed some of the biggest names in business and politics.
ABOUT Shereen Bhan
Shereen Bhan is the Executive-Editor CNBC-TV18. She is a graduate from St Stephen`s College New Delhi with a Masters in communication studies from the Department of communication, Pune University. She has been producing and anchoring flagships shows like India Business Hour and What`s Hot for a decade. She is the Anchor-Editor of Young Turks, one of India`s longest running shows on entrepreneurs. She is also the host of the Overdrive show, the winner of the New Television Award for the best Auto...

annual Congress todayUnions in 'Oliver Twist' warning over Tory voting plans
By Justin Parkinson Political reporter, BBC News, in Liverpool
Plans to make strikes illegal unless at least half of union members take part in ballots will leave them "with about as much power as Oliver Twist", the leader of the TUC has warned.
The Conservatives want to set a minimum turnout threshold for union votes after the next general election.
TUC general secretary Frances O'Grady called this was "anti-democratic".
But the Conservatives said "militant" union leaders should not demand strikes without majority backing by members.
The party has called for strikes to be illegal unless at least 50% of balloted members of a union cast a vote, with this policy to be included in its general election manifesto
It says the law as it stands allows a minority of union members to take action which damages the economy.
'Inconsistent'
But delegates at the TUC's annual conference in Liverpool backed a motion to "stand up against this political bullying" and launch a "major positive campaign explaining the democratic importance of trade union rights".
Ms O'Grady said: "The Conservative Party is not just proposing a few more bureaucratic obstacles that will make life a bit more difficult for trade unions... they would effectively ban strikes by the back door."
She added of the 50% plan that it was a "threshold no other ballot in Britain is required to meet and that many would fail".
The UK turnout for May's European elections was 34.2%, while at last month's by-election for a police and crime commissioner for the West Midlands it fell to just 10.4%.
'Vital'
Ms O'Grady said of the Conservative proposal: "It is an irrational, inconsistent and anti-democratic test."
She also criticised plans to alter laws on picketing, saying: "Dictatorships and authoritarian regimes routinely suppress trade unions and lock up strikers.
"Everyone who cares about civil liberties should be worried."
She added: "Unions can ask the employer for more - but they have about as much power as Oliver Twist had when he asked for more."
Conservative Party chairman Grant Shapps said it was "vital" that Labour leader Ed Miliband "joins Conservative calls to help put an end to the ability of militant trades union leaders to demand strike action without the majority of their ordinary hardworking members".
For Labour, shadow Cabinet Office minister Michael Dugher called the Conservatives' plans "desperate stuff "by a party that had "given up any pretence of standing up for working people".
At the four-day TUC conference unions representing about six million members across the public and private sectors will debate issues including jobs, the economy, public services and a planned EU/US trade deal.
A series of motions will call for increased campaigning for better pay, including taking co-ordinated industrial action in October.
Among the guest speakers at the event will be Labour's shadow business secretary Chuka Umunna and Bank of England governor Mark Carney.
Mr Miliband will not address delegates but he will talk to union leaders at their dinner on Monday.
More on This Story

Oil prices down after weak US jobs reportUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Singapore: Oil prices dipped in Asia on Monday as a disappointing US jobs report tempered sentiment about demand in the world's top crude consumer, analysts said.
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate for October delivery eased one cent to US dollar 93.28 while Brent crude for October fell seven cents to US dollar 100.75 in late-morning trade.
"The unexpectedly weak US jobs number puts doubt in the US economic outlook and in turn, weakened oil demand," Singapore's United Overseas Bank said in a note.
"The unexpectedly weak US jobs number puts doubt in the US economic outlook and in turn, weakened oil demand," Singapore's United Overseas Bank said in a note.
The Labor Department said on Friday the US added 142,000 new jobs in August, snapping a six-month streak of more than 200,000 jobs per a month and far below the 223,000 tipped by analysts.
The data supported the view that the world's biggest economy is still struggling to pick up speed, and that wages remain very flat, holding back consumer spending.
Desmond Chua, market analyst at CMC Markets in Singapore, said markets are likely to trade sideways this week due to a dearth of trading cues.
"We see a rather muted week of data, with markets likely to take direction from geopolitical factors like the ceasefire in Ukraine at the forefront," Chua said.
Fighting around two flashpoint cities in eastern Ukraine yesterday rattled a tenuous truce between government troops and pro-Russian rebels less than 48 hours after it came into
force.
Western nations have warned of more sanctions against Moscow for its support of the pro-Kremlin insurgents in the civil war, which has cost about 2,600 lives.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has so far denied any direct involvement in the months-long conflict.
The conflict is closely watched by crude investors as Russia is the number-two oil producer in the world, and Ukraine is a key conduit for Moscow's gas exports to Europe.

Rupee up 15 paise against dollar in early tradeUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Mumbai: The Indian rupee on Monday appreciated by ten paise to end at a nearly six-week high of 60.29 against the Greenback tracking a solid rally in local shares and continued dollar selling by exporters and some banks.
Good inflows also helped the rupee even as the widely tracked dollar index was up 0.10 per cent against six major global rivals, forex dealers said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced strong at 60.29 a dollar from last Friday's close of 60.39.
The rupee had closed 3 paise lower at 60.39 against the dollar in the previous session on Friday.
Rupee traded in a narrow range of 60.19 and 60.31, before concluding at its opening level of 60.29 -- a rise of ten paise or 0.17 per cent. This is the strongest level since the the rupee had settled at 60.06 on July 30, 2014.
The Indian benchmark S&P BSE Sensex today shot up by 293.15 points, or 1.08 per cent, to log new closing peak of 27,319.85.
FPIs/FIIs infused USD 54.16 million last Friday, taking the total to USD 710.33 million in the current month so far, as per Sebi data.
In forwards market today, premium continued to close narrowly mixed in recent few days.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in February edged down to 242-244 paise from 242.5-244.5 paise previously while far-forward contracts maturing in August, 2015 rose further to 498-500 paise from 495.5-497.5 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 60.2628 and for the euro at 77.9439.
The rupee bounced back with vengeance against the pound to 97.25 from last weekend's close of 98.48 and also recovered to 78.08 per euro crom 78.26.
It, however, remained firm to 57.29 per 100 Japanese yen from 57.41 previously.

Beware! Second-hand smartphones available online might be stolenUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: The slick looking smart phone with great camera and apps you bought cheap at an online store could just be stolen ware. Thieves are increasingly palming off high end stolen mobiles through online trading portals, say police.
"Thieves are selling stolen mobiles on online trading sites like Quikr.com, ebay.in or olx.in," a Delhi Police official told IANS declining to be identified citing rules.
Smartphones with Android operating system, latest apps and good cameras are in great demand among people seeking second hand mobile phones at low rates. But customers buying such high end phones at cheap rates through online stores are unaware they might be getting trapped by mobile thieves.
Stolen mobiles worth between Rs 30,000 to Rs 40,000 are bought by shopkeepers for around Rs 5,000 to Rs 8,000. ( Phone , via Shutterstock)
The buyers, eager to purchase high quality smartphones, don't even bother to check if the good is stolen in the lure of getting costly mobiles at the lowest price.
"The buyers don't even bother to ask about the purchase document of the mobile, " the official added.
The growing demand for top quality stolen mobiles in Delhi and bordering states has been encouraging thieves to go pick pocketing mobiles from people venturing in public places.
Delhi Police data reveals that 6,945 mobile phones were reported missing between Jan 1 and Aug 31 this year.
A maximum number of 1,426 mobiles was reported missing in North Delhi police district, while the least (one) was reported missing in South West district. A total of 298 mobiles were reported missing from New Delhi area, where most VVIPs and parliament members live.
The Central Delhi area was second in the list with 1,337 mobile missing complaints registered. The East district was on third with 443 complaints.
From Connaught Place area, one of the largest commercial and business centers of the capital, 207 mobiles were reported missing.
In August 283 mobiles were stolen from the capital.
In 2013, the number of stolen mobiles was 15,669, a rise from the 2012 figure of 13,747. The 2011 figure was 12,600 and in 2010 it was 10,704.
Another police official, on condition of anonymity, told IANS: "The mobile theft figure is much higher than reported because several people don't bother to go to police stations to file complaints."
Whenever they get a complaint, the IMEI (International Mobile Equipment Identity) number - a unique 15-digit number assigned to all cellular devices - is put on tracking, he said.
"We can track any mobile being operated all over the country with the use of special tracking device," said another official, requesting anonymity.
"We recover some of the phones with the help of tracking device. As some of the stolen mobiles are used by criminals, we can recover them only after their arrest," said the official.
Karol Bagh's Gaffar market, known as one of Asia's biggest electronics market, used to be famous for trade in stolen and second hand mobiles, but the trend has changed due to police action. Now the thieves sell directly through online sites.
Rohit Sardana, a small dealer in used phones in bustling Gaffar Market, told IANS: "There were some shops in Gaffar Market, Nehru Place and other markets in Delhi where stolen mobiles used to be bought and sold. But, in the present scenario no shopkeeper is ready to keep such phones due to fear of police action."
While searching for shops dealing in stolen mobiles, the IANS correspondent managed to find a shopkeeper who evaluated the cost of such phones at Rs 500 to Rs 800 for a handset with market price Rs 5,000.
Stolen mobiles worth between Rs 30,000 to Rs 40,000 are bought by the shopkeeper for around Rs 5,000 to Rs 8,000.
A shopkeeper, who did not want to be named, said customers demand that the phones be equipped with the latest android operating system, latest apps and good cameras and it should look brand new.

According to the front page of the Financial TimesSeptember 7, 2014 9:00 pm
UK wades into BP fight over US payouts
By Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ea751c16-3507-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

David Cameron has promisedDavid Cameron promises in/out referendum on EU
 
PM David Cameron: "We will give the British people a referendum with a very simple in or out choice"
EU viewpoints on Cameron's Europe speech
David Cameron has said the British people must "have their say" on Europe as he pledged an in/out referendum if the Conservatives win the election.
The prime minister said he wanted to renegotiate the UK's relationship with the EU and then give people the "simple choice" between staying in under those new terms, or leaving the EU.
The news was welcomed by Eurosceptics who have long campaigned for a vote.
France and Germany both warned the UK could not "cherry pick" EU membership.
During noisy Prime Minister's Questions exchanges in Parliament, Labour leader Ed Miliband said Mr Cameron was "running scared" of the UK Independence Party, whose poll ratings have been rising.
Mr Miliband, who said he opposed holding an in/out referendum, said Mr Cameron was "going to put Britain through years of uncertainty, and take a huge gamble with our economy."
In his long-awaited speech , welcomed by many Conservative MPs, Mr Cameron pledged to hold a referendum during the early part of the next parliament - by the end of 2017 at the latest - if the Conservatives win the next general election.
He said it would be a decision on the UK's "destiny" and, if he secured a new relationship he was happy with, he would campaign "heart and soul" to stay within the EU.
"It is time for the British people to have their say," he said. "It is time to settle this European question in British politics. I say to the British people: this will be your decision."
However, Mr Cameron did not spell out what powers he would like to see the UK take back as part of a new settlement or what would happen if the negotiations did not go his way.
'Very simple choice'
The Conservative leader has been under pressure from many of his MPs to give a binding commitment to a vote on Europe.
Analysis
Iain Watson Political correspondent, BBC News
It has taken quite some time for the prime minister to go from promising a major speech on Europe to delivering it.
But today marks the beginning of a process, not the end.
The many Eurosceptics in his party will be pleased that he is offering an in/out referendum on Britain's membership of the EU - although some will regard the timescale as tardy.
But there are important hurdles. He has to win the next election with an overall majority. His European partners will have to be willing to renegotiate Britain's relationship.
And while the promise of a referendum will unite many in his party this side of an election, the process of renegotiation might  re-open divisions. What the PM didn't say today is what would he do if the negotiations deliver less than he would like.
Would he still proceed with an in/out referendum? Would he still argue for a yes vote? Would others in his party who would be prepared to stay on the EU on the right terms defect to the No camp if they don't like the deal the PM strikes with Brussels?
Labour and the Lib Dems say David Cameron is creating damaging uncertainty for business, but he has thrown down the gauntlet to them.
Can they allow him to be the only major party leader to offer voters a say on EU membership after the next election?
Annotated transcript: Cameron speech
Mr Cameron said "disillusionment" with the EU was "at an all-time high" and "simply asking the British people to carry on accepting a European settlement over which they have had little choice" was likely to accelerate calls for the UK to leave.
"That is why I am in favour of a referendum," he said. "I believe in confronting this issue - shaping it, leading the debate. Not simply hoping a difficult situation will go away."
Setting out the conditions for a future poll, he said he would seek a "mandate" for a renegotiation and a referendum in the next Conservative election manifesto.
"And when we have negotiated that new settlement, we will give the British people a referendum with a very simple in-or-out choice to stay in the EU on these new terms; or come out altogether.  It will be an in/out referendum."
But he said holding such a referendum now would be a "false choice" because Europe was set to change following the eurozone crisis and it would be "wrong to ask people whether to stay or go before we have had a chance to put the relationship right".
Mr Cameron said he understood "the appeal" of Britain going it alone and he was sure the UK would survive outside the EU. But, he said, the UK must think "very carefully" about the implications of withdrawal for its prosperity and role on the international stage.
"If we left the European Union, it would be a one-way ticket, not a return," he added.
The prime minister rejected suggestions that a new relationship was "impossible to achieve", adding that he would prefer all other EU countries to agree a new treaty but would be prepared to seek negotiations on a unilateral basis.

Primark annual salesPrimark sales set to boost performance at AB Foods
ABF opened 28 new Primark stores this year
The fashion business
A sharp rise in sales at budget fashion retailer Primark will help to boost full year profit at owner Associated British Foods (ABF).
ABF said it expected sales at Primark to be 17% ahead of last year, with like-for-like sales growth up 4.5%.
The company said its grocery division, which includes well-known food brands such as Kingsmill and Ovaltine, had also seen "good growth".
It said the strong performances would offset a drop in profit at AB Sugar.
"Earnings per share for the full year are expected to be ahead of last year," it said in a trading statement.
Earnings per share were 98.9p in the 2012 to 2013 financial year.
The firm said both revenue and profit in its sugar division would be "substantially lower" than last year due to falling sugar prices in Europe and lower sales in China.
Last Updated at 10 Sep 2014, 13:40 *Chart shows local time
price
-
-0.19
The strong pound also hit the company, costing it an estimated £50m for the year due to translating overseas sales back into pounds.
However, it said its "excellent result" at Primark would offset this.
It credited the expansion of its stores as well as successful autumn/winter and spring/summer ranges for the rise in sales. Warm weather in the third quarter also helped boost trading across the group.
The firm opened 28 new Primark stores in the year to 13 September, bringing its total number of shops to 278.
It plans to open its first US store in Boston late next year.
The shares fell almost 4% in early trading following the trading update.
Darren Shirley, analyst at Shore Capital, blamed the share price fall on Associated British Food's high valuation.
"There's nothing sinister in the results. The fall just reflects the demanding valuation of the stock. To keep it there the firm has to keep delivering positive surprises, but today it has simply reiterated what it said in July," he added.
More on This Story

Sensex  Nifty strong; Tata Motors  Maruti under pressureSep 08, 2014, 01.01 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty strong; Tata Motors, Maruti under pressure
Shares of Tata Power, Tata Motors, Mahindra and Mahindra and Maruti Suzuki declined 0.3-0.8 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty strong; Tata Motors, Maruti under pressure
Shares of Tata Power, Tata Motors, Mahindra and Mahindra and Maruti Suzuki declined 0.3-0.8 percent.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
01:00pm Interview
Poly Medicure, manufacturers of medical devices, won a 5-year long patent battle versus German firm B Braun. The European Patent Office (EPO) revoked two of B Braun’s patents and Himanshu Baid, managing director of Poly Medicure, expects it to be a huge positive for the company.
He says the patent win will help the company gain a firm foothold in Europe. The patents are for intravenous safety catheters. The European safety catheter market is seen at USD 250 million. Baid believes with these patent wins, and given a 2-3 year horizon, the company can gain 6-7 percent market share.
12:45pm Venus Remedies on buyers' radar
Investors lapped up shares of Venus Remedies on tying up with Mylan for marketing antibiotic drug in three European countries. The stock gained 6 percent.
"This deal with Mylan, the world's third largest generic drug manufacturer, will enable Venus to market meropenem in Denmark, Sweden and Finland for a period of five years," said the company in its filing.
Venus will manufacture the drug at its Baddi facility, which recently got a renewed European Union Good Manufacturing Practices certification, while the batch release and logistics will be handled by its Germany facility Venus Pharma GmbH.
12:30pm Airtel in focus
Moneycontrol Bureau
Bharti Airtel has divested its African telecoms tower assets to Eaton Towers. The Indian telecom major has signed a 10-year contract to sell and lease back over 3500 towers to Eaton in six countries.
Under the sell and lease back, Bharti will rent back these towers from Eaton for its own operations. The company will get a lumpsum amount for the outright sell of towers, but every quarter it will have to pay some rental amount, which could eat into its EBITDA.
Overall the news is positive for Bharti Airtel as it will help in reducing its debt. The stock gained around 1.5 percent on the back of the news.
While the management has not made comments indicating the valuations of the deal, as per media speculation, it could be in the range of USD 800 million to USD 1 billion. Eaton Towers was advised by Moelis & Co.
12:15pm Tata Steel in News
Tata Steel has shut down its Noamundi mine in Jharkhand on the orders from the state government, sources told CNBC-TV18. The decision may come as a major blow to the company as the mine contributed over 30 percent of its iron ore requirements.
The Jharkhand government order follows the Centre’s July 18 directive asking states to clamp down on mines operating under second or third deemed renewals.
The decision is likely to hit 12 out of the state’s 17 operational iron ore mines, including those of SAIL, said media reports.
12:00pm The market remained on strong footing in noon trade with the Sensex jumping 177.40 points to 27204.10 and the Nifty rising 52.75 points to 8139.60. More than two shares advanced for every share declining on the BSE.
The stellar run of Indian indices is likely to continue, believes Gautam Shah, associate director and technical analyst, JM Financial. In an interview to CNBC-TV18, he says this bull market is here to stay and we are still in the first leg.  For September, 7850 seems to be the new base for the Nifty, but it could hit 10,700 by December 2015, he adds. He expects Nifty to find minor resistance at 8,250.
Shares of ONGC, TCS, Reliance Industries, HDFC Bank, Sun Pharma, HUL, Bajaj Auto and Hindalco Industries topped the buying list, up 1-2 percent.
Shares of Tata Power, Tata Motors, Mahindra and Mahindra and Maruti Suzuki declined 0.3-0.8 percent.
11:11

Malaysia Airlines financial woes addressed© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6530cd92-36e8-11e4-95d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Swift crosses 4 mn mark globally  half sold ...Suzuki Swift crosses 4 million mark globally, half sold in India
PTI Sep 8, 2014, 01.11PM IST
Tags:
Suzuki Motor Corporation
(At present the Swift is available…)
NEW DELHI: Japan's small car major Suzuki Motor Corporation has clocked four million milestone in total global sales of its successful premium hatchback Swift with about half of them coming from India.
According to information available on the company's website, Swift, which was launched as a world strategic model in 2004, reached cumulative worldwide sales of four million units in August 2014 -- nine years and nine months since the start of sales in 2004.
"Especially in India, ever since its launch in 2005, the Swift steadily increased its sales in line with the market expansion due to economic growth, such as by adding diesel variants and sedans. Of the four million units, units sold in India account for approximately half of them," the company said.
At present the Swift is available in India priced between Rs 4.42 lakh and Rs 6.7 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi) in both petrol and diesel options.
The Swift was first produced and sold in Japan in November 2004. In the following year, production and distribution began in Hungary, India, and China.
Full-model change was made in 2010, and production and distribution also began in Thailand in March 2012.
Suzuki said out of the total global sales, 19 per cent were sold in Europe and 11 per cent in Japan.
In June 2008, the model crossed one million units in cumulative worldwide production and in January 2011 total global sales reached two million units.
Last year in January, Swift had reached the three million mark in cumulative worldwide sales.
The model is currently produced in eight countries worldwide and sold in more than 140 countries and regions around the world.
FEATURED ARTICLES

In Saradha scam  Amit Shah sees an opportunityAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Titagarh Wagons dips on labour unrestSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 01:32 PM IST
Titagarh Wagons dips on labour unrest
Titagarh Wagons fell nearly 2% to Rs 224 on the BSE after workers at one of the company's plants went on illegal stirke.
Titagarh Wagons fell nearly 2% to Rs 224 on the BSE after workers at one of the company's plants went on illegal stirke.
 
Titagarh Wagons announced that the workmen at one of the company's plants went on illegal strike in response to the disciplinary action as per law taken by the company against some of them. Due to unruly behaviour of the workmen, management was compelled to suspend work at the plant, on 8 September 2014.
 
Titagarh Wagons is one of the leading private sector manufacturers of wagons and coaches in India.
 
The stock opened at Rs 234.40, touched a low of Rs 220 on the BSE so far. A total of 13,925 shares have been exchanged on the BSE so far.
 

Conversion to Islam: Dalit controversy rages in Madhya PradeshAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

De La Rue closer to Bank of England dealLast updated: September 8, 2014 4:35 pm
De La Rue named preferred bidder for Bank of England deal
By Andy Sharman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9bb6002c-3728-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stalemate in Pak continues; talks enter  meaningful  phaseImran Khan said he will not go back without forcing Premier Sharif to resign and asked his party leaders to bring more people to the sit-in. ( File photo )
PTI | Islamabad | Posted: September 8, 2014 2:13 pm
Political stalemate in Pakistan continued on Monday with Imran Khan sticking to his demand of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif’s resignation, even as talks between the government and protesters entered a “meaningful” phase.
Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaaf (PTI) chief Khan, while addressing his supporters outside the Parliament, said he will not go back without forcing Premier Sharif to resign and asked his party leaders to bring more people to the sit-in. Khan asked his supporters to continue the sit-in for
another two weeks.
Populist cleric Tahir-ul-Qadri of the Pakistan Awami Tehreek (PAT) is also camping close to Khan’s camp. His supporters have vacated the parking lot of the Parliament and are now sitting near the Constitution Avenue. Another round of talks between the government and PTI was
held in the capital on Sunday.
While both sides claimed that “progress had been made”, they admitted that there were still certain “core issues” that needed to be resolved.
After the talks held last night, PTI vice chairman Shah Mehmood Qureshi declared that “meaningful dialogue has begun” and that both sides were making “serious efforts to rescue the nation from the prevailing impasse.”
Finance Minister Ishaq Dar, who lead the government panel, said that the two sides would meet again to sort out remaining issues. As talks made some progress, Khan continued his attack on the government, accusing several politicians of being beneficiaries of rigging in last year’s general election.
He also named Chief Minister of Balochistan province Dr Abdul Malik, who is considered as a “clean” politician in Pakistan, among the leaders benefiting from rigging. Khan’s call for extending the protest for two weeks has come at a time when he is already facing criticism for demonstrating even as the country has been hit by the worst floods in its history.
Khan has also said the PTI leadership will approach the Supreme Court to get Prime Minister Sharif disqualified for lying on the floor of the National Assembly regarding the leadership of the PTI, PAT and the army. Khan and Qadri have been protesting in front of Parliament since August 14 to force Sharif’s resignation over alleged rigging in the 2013 general election won by the PML-N party. Several rounds of talks have failed to resolve the crisis as protesters want nothing short of Sharif’s ouster and fresh polls.

Samsung s Note 4 priced at Rs 56 000 in GermanySamsung's premium smartphone Note 4 priced at Rs 56,000 in Germany
By PTI | 8 Sep, 2014, 01.53PM IST
"Samsung Note 4 is for 699 Euro. It includes taxes," a Samsung sales representative told PTI at company's branded outlet in Berlin's prominent shopping mall KaDeWe.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
BERLIN: Korean technology giant Samsung has commenced sale of its latest and premium smartphone Note 4 for 699 euro (about Rs 56,000) including taxes in Germany.
"Samsung Note 4 is for 699 Euro. It includes taxes," a Samsung sales representative told PTI at company's branded outlet in Berlin's prominent shopping mall KaDeWe .
At 699 euro, Note 4 has become most expensive smartphone from Samsung's stable.
The phone is expected to be available globally in October and is to be launched in a phased manner.
Samsung has sought to make its Note series a higher premium phone with stylus from renowned pen maker company Mont Blanc. The low end digital pen model for Note 4 is priced at around Rs 9,600 (120 euro) and the high end Mont Blanc stylus model is priced at about Rs 32,800 (410 euro).
The Galaxy Note 4 has 5.7 inch display similar to that is present in Note 3 launched in October last year. The screen display has moved to advanced version Quad HD from Full High Definition.
This will give better viewing experience in terms of contrast, density of colours etc, the company says.
In the new Note 4, Samsung has incorporated multi-function feature on same screen which will allow users to use function like chatting on same screen along with reading as it happens on computer.
The Note 4 has 16 megapixel rear-facing camera and a 3.7 megapixel front-facing camera up to 120 degree wide angle shot.
Samsung representatives said that Note 4 has lower power consumption and increased battery life of 7.5 per cent compared to previous model. The battery capacity in Note 4 is 3,220 mAH compared to 3,200 mAh in Note 3.
The phone comes with features that can charge 50 per cent of battery in 30 minutes, they said.
Samsung has introduced snap feature in S Pen which come with Note 4 for writing on phone. Snap feature allows to select a portion of image or text on screen and share it with desired person through email by simply pasting the selected image or text on email or any other application that allows sharing of image or text.
According to research firm IDC, 301.3 million smartphones were sold globally in April-June 2014, up 25.3 per cent from 240.5 million units shipped in the same period last year. Samsung accounted for over 25 per cent share.

North Sea Brent Crude0.00
0.0
All market data carried by BBC News is provided by DigitalLook.com. The data is for your general information and enjoys indicative status only. Neither the BBC nor Digital Look accept any responsibility for its accuracy or for any use to which it may be put. All share prices and market indexes delayed at least 15 minutes. 52 week high and low values are calculated from close price data. Click here for terms and conditions
Top Stories

God particle  could destroy the universe: H...According to Hawking, 72, at very high energy levels the Higgs boson, which gives shape and size to everything that exists, could become unstable.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
LONDON: The elusive 'God particle' discovered by scientists in 2012 has the potential to destroy the universe, famed British physicist Stephen Hawking has warned.
According to Hawking, 72, at very high energy levels the Higgs boson , which gives shape and size to everything that exists, could become unstable.
This, he said, could cause a "catastrophic vacuum decay" that would lead space and time to collapse, 'Express.co.uk' reported.
"The Higgs potential has the worrisome feature that it might become megastable at energies above 100bn giga-electron-volts (GeV)," Hawking wrote in the preface to a new book called Starmus.
"This could mean that the universe could undergo catastrophic vacuum decay, with a bubble of the true vacuum expanding at the speed of light.
"This could happen at any time and we wouldn't see it coming," said Hawking.
The Higgs boson, also known as the God particle, was discovered in 2012 by scientists at CERN - who operate the world's largest particle physics laboratory.
Hawking said the likelihood of such a disaster is unlikely to happen in the near future, however, the danger of the Higgs becoming destabilised at high energy is too great to be ignored.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Tech on Twitter Follow

UN-funded African troops raped vulnerable Somalis: Human Rights Watchprint
Internationally-funded African Union troops in war-torn and impoverished Somalia have raped women and traded food aid for sex, Human Rights Watch said in a damning report Monday.
"Some of the women who were raped said that the soldiers gave them food or money afterwards in an apparent attempt to frame the assault as transactional sex," the HRW report said.
There was no immediate reaction from the AU force, AMISOM, a 22,000-strong force with soldiers from six nations, which has been fighting alongside government troops against the Al-Qaeda-linked Shebab insurgents since 2007.
The vulnerable women largely came from basic camps in the capital Mogadishu, after fleeing rural Somalia during a devastating famine in 2011.
AMISOM donors include the UN, European Union, Britain and United States.
The AU soldiers, "relying on Somali intermediaries, have used a range of tactics, including humanitarian aid, to coerce vulnerable women and girls into sexual activity," the report read, based on testimonies of 21 women and girls.
"They have also raped or otherwise sexually assaulted women who were seeking medical assistance or water at AMISOM bases."
The youngest interviewed was aged just 12, who said she was raped by a Ugandan soldier.
Several of the women described how they had gone to the AU camp seeking medicine for their sick babies.
"The findings raise serious concerns about abuses by AMISOM soldiers against Somali women and girls that suggest a much larger problem," HRW added.
Only in two cases had the women who spoke to HRW filed police complaints, because they "feared stigma, reprisals from family, police, and the Islamist insurgent group Al-Shebab."
The cases investigated by HRW involved troops from Burundi and Uganda.

MF assets rise by 6 300 cr to Rs 10.12 lakh cr in AugustMutual fund assets rise by Rs 6,300 cr to Rs 10.12 lakh cr in August
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 9, 2014  | 11:05 IST
Photo: Reuters
The asset base of mutual fund industry rose by more than Rs 6,300 crore to Rs 10.12 lakh crore in August boosted by inflows in equity funds. Assets Under Management (AUM) of the country's 45 fund houses increased from Rs 10,06,452 crore in July to Rs 10,12,824 crore last month - up Rs 6,372 crore, according to the monthly numbers released by the Association of Mutual Funds in India.
The asset base had crossed Rs 10 lakh crore mark for the first time in May, when the markets rose after Prime Minister Narendra Modi led BJP government came to power.
The rise in AUM during August was primarily due to inflows in equity funds, which was eventually helped by a strong stock market. Besides, retail participation in equity schemes has increased significantly during the recent months.
The BSE benchmark index, Sensex , moved up by about 3 per cent in August. The equity mutual funds witnessed an inflow of Rs 5,217 crore taking the assets base to Rs 2.35 lakh crore.
Also, balanced fund saw an inflow of Rs 448 crore to take the AUM to Rs 17,293 crore. Liquid funds' AUM grew to Rs 2.45 lakh crore last month from Rs 2.44 lakh crore in July. On the other hand, income funds' asset base fell to Rs 4.61 lakh crore in August from Rs 4.71 lakh crore in the preceding month, led by outflows of Rs 12,696 crore.

NSE Nifty hits record high  above 8 170Market update: Sensex, Nifty end at new peak, up 1 per cent each
Agencies     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 17:56 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
After two-day of small correction, both the roaring key indices, Sensex and Nifty, went berserk, scaling their fresh historic peaks and rocketed by over one per cent each to register their new highs of 27,319.85 and 8,173.90 respectively on enhancing confidence among investors on sustained buying by foreign funds and fall in crude prices.
The benchmark S&P Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Monday resumed strong on the back of rally on Wall Street last Friday to log a life-time closing high of 27,319.85.
The 30-share barometer gradually moved up further to an intra-trade peak of 27,354.99 before spurting by 293.15 points, or 1.08 per cent, to end at a new high. In the last two trading sessions , it had risen by 113.33 points or 0.42 per cent.
Tracking the same trend, the broad-based 50-share Nifty of the National Stock Exchange (NSE) also commenced higher and rallied further to hit a new intra-day peak of 8,180.20 before recording new closing high of 8,173.90, up by 87.05 points (or 1.08 per cent).
Oil & Gas shares were at the forefront after fall in global crude oil prices after subdued US jobs data fuelled demand concerns and a cease-fire between Russia and Ukraine.
Brent crude oil for October settlement was trading above US $100 a barrel.
It will help the country to contain current account deficit and fiscal deficit. The country imports nearly 80 per cent of its crude oil requirements.
Persistant buying by foreign funds was the major force behind the current rally. The data showed that FPIs/FIIs bought shares worth Rs 4,813.38 crore last week, including provisional data of September 5.
Buying was seen in most of the sectors, as 11 out of 12 sectoral indices gained between 0.26 per cent and 1.79 per cent with Oil&Gas, FMCG, Bankex, Metal and IT shares taking the lead.
Tyre shares were in the limelight on hopes that recent sharp fall in rubber prices could boost the profitability of these companies. Apollo Tyres , Ceat Tyres, Dunlop India, Falcon Tyre, Goodyear India, JK Tyres, MRF and TVS Shrichakra closed strong between 4.92 per cent and 20.00 per cent.
Refinery shares were also attracted good buying support on fall in crude prices amid hopes of further reforms. HPCL, BPCL, Castrol, IOC, ONGC, Oil India, Cairn and RIL rose between 1.65 per cent and 4.32 per cent.
Meanwhile, investors got rich by almost Rs 1.25 lakh crore on Monday.
Mr Jignesh Chaudhary, Head of Research, Veracity Broking Services said, "Today Indian equity opened positively followed by the Rupee appreciation, positive sentiments in the global equities. Today indices posted new all time high with the help of blue chip companies which closed positively."
There was no major trigger from Asian markets, as China, South Korea and Taiwan were closed today for holiday while indices from Hong Kong eased by 0.20 per cent and Taiwan rose by 0.23 per cent. European stocks too were trading lower in their late morning deals. The CAC was down by 0.25 per cent, the DAX by 0.06 per cent and the FTSE by 0.69 per cent.
Overall, 26 of the 30-share sensex-based counters closed with gains while M&M, NTPC, Tata Power and HDFC finished with losses.
Major gainers were Hindalco (3.49 per cent), ONGC (2.78 per cent), SBI (1.94 per cent), HDFC Bank (1.80 per cent), Wipro (1.66 per cent), HUL (1.65 per cent), TCS (1.50 per cent), Infosys (1.29 per cent), RIL (1.19 per cent), Axis Bank (1.18 per cent), Maruti (1.12 per cent), Cipla, (1.09 per cent), L&T (1.02 per cent) , SSLT (0.98 per cent), Sun Pharma (0.96 per cent) and ITC (0.96 per cent).
Among the S&P BSE Sectoral indices, Oil&Gas firmed up by 1.79 per cent, FMCG by 1.40 per cent, followed by Bankex (1.38 per cent), CG (1.29 per cent), Metal (1.25 per cent), IT (1.22 per cent) and Teck (1.20 per cent).
Reflecting the rally in second-line stocks with their indices BSE-Smallcap and BSE-Midcap outperforming the sensex and closed strong by 2.11 per cent and 1.29 per cent, resulting the total market to remain strong as 2,081 stocks closed in the green while 947 settled in the red.

Re to hold at 58-62; RBI to buy $40billion by March: BofA | Oil under $100gdp
(The global brokerage firm…)
NEW DELHI: The appreciation in the US dollar notwithstanding, the rupee is expected to trade in the 58-62 range supported by softening of global oil prices and curbs on gold imports, says a Bank of America Merrill Lynch report.
The global brokerage firm further said that the Reserve Bank of India would need to raise USD 40 billion by March 2016, just to maintain import cover at the present eight months.
It said the factors that are supporting the Indian rupee include softening of oil prices, the continuation of gold import curbs and rising FII equity inflows.
"We expect the RBI to hold Rs 58-62/USD for now even though the US Dollar has strengthened below 1.30/Euro," BofA-ML said in a research note, adding that rising FII equity inflows at USD 9.6 billion so far this fiscal has also led to a helping hand to the rupee.
The rupee today recovered by 15 paise to 60.24 against the dollar in early trade on increased selling of the American currency by exporters and banks amid sustained foreign fund inflows.
"We continue to expect RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan to buy FX at Rs 58+/USD to guard against contagion," the report noted.
Rajan has also said that RBI is preparing for any rate hikes by the US Federal Reserve by building an adequate level of foreign exchange.
"Any emerging market today is going to look at the currency volatility and say 'whatever money comes in, I'm going to be careful about it, I'm going to build some reserves..," he had said in Chicago last week.
According to the BofA-ML report, restrictions on gold imports is expected to contain the current account deficit at 1.7 per cent of GDP in FY15.
The rupee would price-in the eventual liberalisation of gold imports and this in turn would push up the current account deficit to 2.4 per cent of GDP in FY16, especially if pent up demand leads to a jump in gold imports, it added.
According to BofA-ML gold price is expected to be at USD 1375/oz in 2015.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rupee to Hold at Rs. 58-62 Per Dollar: Bank of AmericaDollar Sweeps to 14-month High, Kicks Oil Below $100
New Delhi:
The appreciation in the US dollar notwithstanding, the rupee is expected to trade in the 58-62 range supported by softening of global oil prices and curbs on gold imports, says a Bank of America Merrill Lynch report.
The rupee today closed at over 1-month high of 60.29/dollar, its highest level since July 30, when it ended at 60.06.
The global brokerage firm further said that the Reserve Bank of India would need to raise $40 billion by March 2016, just to maintain import cover at the present eight months.
It said the factors that are supporting the Indian rupee include softening of oil prices, the continuation of gold import curbs and rising FII equity inflows.
"We expect the RBI to hold Rs 58-62/USD for now even though the US Dollar has strengthened below 1.30/Euro," BofA-ML said in a research note, adding that rising FII equity inflows at $9.6 billion so far this fiscal has also led to a helping hand to the rupee.
"We continue to expect RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan to buy FX at Rs 58+/USD to guard against contagion," the report noted.
Dr Rajan has also said that RBI is preparing for any rate hikes by the US Federal Reserve by building an adequate level of foreign exchange.
"Any emerging market today is going to look at the currency volatility and say 'whatever money comes in, I'm going to be careful about it, I'm going to build some reserves..," he had said in Chicago last week.
According to the BofA-ML report, restrictions on gold imports is expected to contain the current account deficit at 1.7 per cent of GDP in FY15.
The rupee would price in the eventual liberalisation of gold imports and this in turn would push up the current account deficit to 2.4 per cent of GDP in FY16, especially if pent up demand leads to a jump in gold imports, it added.
According to BofA-ML gold price is expected to be at $1375/oz in 2015.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 17:21 (IST)

Kejriwal releases sting video  says BJP leader Sher Singh Dagar tried to bribe AAP MLAsKejriwal releases sting video  says BJP leader Sher Singh Dagar tried to bribe AAP MLAs
Mylan Laboratories Inc.See shared exclusivity on Copaxone generic 40mg: PLilladher
Sep 01, 2014 at 11:38 | Source: CNBC-TV18
According to Surajit Pal, both Natco Pharma and Dr. Reddys share exclusivity and two-three more companies are also expected to join the same.
Natco Pharma at record high; partner Mylan files ANDA
Sep 01, 2014 at 11:06 | Source: CNBC-TV18
"Marketing partner in the USA, Mylan Inc has filed an abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) for a three-times-a-week generic Copaxone (glatiramer acetate injection, 40 mg/ml) and has been accepted by the US Food and Drug Administration (US FDA)," said the company in its filing.
Jul 16, 2014 at 10:07 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sun Pharmaceutical Industries announced that its subsidiary acquired US-based Pharmalucence Inc.
Wockhardt denies media report on asset sale talks
Apr 29, 2014 at 20:54 | Source: Reuters
Wockhardt cited the media report as saying that Mylan was in talks to buy its domestic business, while Pfizer was also in the race to buy some asset, as the company planned to focus only on overseas markets.
Dr Reddy's launches generic cholesterol-lowering drug in US
Mar 27, 2014 at 18:59 | Source: PTI
The company's product is the generic equivalent of Pfizer Inc's Caduet tablets, it added. The Hyderabad-based firm's Amlodipine Besylate and Atorvastatin Calcium tablets are available in bottle counts of 30 and 90, the company said.
India generic drugmakers' woes put new focus on quality
Mar 26, 2014 at 08:42 | Source: Reuters
In the short term, that is expected to benefit larger global competitors, such as Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd, Actavis Plc and Mylan Inc, which will be called upon to supply drugs no longer available from some of their rivals in India, analysts say.
Glenmark Pharma receives USD 4mn as research fee payment from Forest Laboratories Inc
Mar 25, 2014 at 09:47 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Glenmark Pharmaceuticals through its Swiss Subsidiary has received USD 4 million as research fee payment from Forest Laboratories Inc. on a collaboration for the development of novel mPGES-1 inhibitors to treat chronic inflammatory conditions, including pain.
Roche gets break in case against India sales of cancer drug
Feb 07, 2014 at 22:27 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The Delhi High Court (HC) has thrown a wrench into plans of Biocon and Mylan to market a breast cancer drug that goes by the scientific name Trastuzumab.
Biocon to start selling breast cancer drug in India in Feb
Jan 18, 2014 at 16:21 | Source: Reuters
Bangalore-based Biocon jointly developed biosimilar trastuzumab, which received the Indian drug regulator's marketing approval in November, with US-based Mylan Inc.
Ranbaxy, EPIRUS sign licensing agreement for Biosimilar product
Jan 09, 2014 at 09:45 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ranbaxy Laboratories and EPIRUS Switzerland GmbH, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Boston-based EPIRUS Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. announced the signing of a licensing agreement for BOW015, a biosimilar version of infliximab.
Natco Pharma at record high; partner Mylan files ANDA
Sep 01, 2014 at 11:06 | Source: CNBC-TV18
"Marketing partner in the USA, Mylan Inc has filed an abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) for a three-times-a-week generic Copaxone (glatiramer acetate injection, 40 mg/ml) and has been accepted by the US Food and Drug Administration (US FDA)," said the company in its filing.
See shared exclusivity on Copaxone generic 40mg: PLilladher
Sep 01, 2014 at 11:38 | Source: CNBC-TV18
According to Surajit Pal, both Natco Pharma and Dr. Reddys share exclusivity and two-three more companies are also expected to join the same.
Jul 16, 2014 at 10:07 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sun Pharmaceutical Industries announced that its subsidiary acquired US-based Pharmalucence Inc.
Wockhardt denies media report on asset sale talks
Apr 29, 2014 at 20:54 | Source: Reuters
Wockhardt cited the media report as saying that Mylan was in talks to buy its domestic business, while Pfizer was also in the race to buy some asset, as the company planned to focus only on overseas markets.
Dr Reddy's launches generic cholesterol-lowering drug in US
Mar 27, 2014 at 18:59 | Source: PTI
The company's product is the generic equivalent of Pfizer Inc's Caduet tablets, it added. The Hyderabad-based firm's Amlodipine Besylate and Atorvastatin Calcium tablets are available in bottle counts of 30 and 90, the company said.
India generic drugmakers' woes put new focus on quality
Mar 26, 2014 at 08:42 | Source: Reuters
In the short term, that is expected to benefit larger global competitors, such as Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd, Actavis Plc and Mylan Inc, which will be called upon to supply drugs no longer available from some of their rivals in India, analysts say.
Glenmark Pharma receives USD 4mn as research fee payment from Forest Laboratories Inc
Mar 25, 2014 at 09:47 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Glenmark Pharmaceuticals through its Swiss Subsidiary has received USD 4 million as research fee payment from Forest Laboratories Inc. on a collaboration for the development of novel mPGES-1 inhibitors to treat chronic inflammatory conditions, including pain.
Roche gets break in case against India sales of cancer drug
Feb 07, 2014 at 22:27 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The Delhi High Court (HC) has thrown a wrench into plans of Biocon and Mylan to market a breast cancer drug that goes by the scientific name Trastuzumab.
Biocon to start selling breast cancer drug in India in Feb
Jan 18, 2014 at 16:21 | Source: Reuters
Bangalore-based Biocon jointly developed biosimilar trastuzumab, which received the Indian drug regulator's marketing approval in November, with US-based Mylan Inc.
Ranbaxy, EPIRUS sign licensing agreement for Biosimilar product
Jan 09, 2014 at 09:45 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ranbaxy Laboratories and EPIRUS Switzerland GmbH, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Boston-based EPIRUS Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. announced the signing of a licensing agreement for BOW015, a biosimilar version of infliximab.
Videos »

RBI norms on Basel III instruments are credit positive: Moody sRBI norms on Basel III instruments are credit positive: Moody's
Beena Parmar
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 8:  
The new norms by RBI for the instruments compliant under Basel III to raise Tier-I capital are credit positive for Indian banks, in particular public sector banks, according to Moody’s credit rating agency.
“They will make the instruments more attractive to investors, broaden the investor base for additional Tier 1 (AT1) securities to include retail investors and allow banks to have a higher proportion of AT1 capital in their Tier 1 capital,” Moody’s said in its credit outlook report.
New guidelines
On September 1, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had revised some of its rules governing instruments that qualify as bank capital under Basel III.
RBI has cut the minimum maturity for Tier 2 capital that banks can issue to five years from 10 years. It has also allowed retail investors to buy Tier 1 capital.
Basel III capital norms
Indian banks have to comply with Basel III capital norms by March 2019, including maintaining a minimum capital adequacy ratio of 11.5 per cent.
“Several changes will make AT1 instruments more attractive to investors. Write-downs of principal when a bank’s common equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital breaches the trigger level can now be temporary, giving investors the possibility of recouping their losses if the health of the bank improves,” said Srikanth Vadlamani, Vice President - Senior Analyst, Financial Institutions Group, Moody's Investors.
Broader investor base
Further, lack of broader investor base discourages banks from issuing Tier 2 instruments. RBI has tried to address this by widening the investor base to include retail investors.
The other key change in the new rules is the removal of certain limit on the amount of AT1 that a bank can use for calculating its Tier 1 capital, which effectively limited AT1 issuance to 1.5 per cent of risk-weighted assets.
At a time, when public-sector banks are finding it difficult to raise equity capital from the public markets, this provides a way for banks to bolster their Tier 1 ratio by raising a higher amount of AT1 capital.
Low capital levels are a key credit weakness for many Indian banks, particularly public sector banks.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Mutual funds  asset base jumps by over Rs 6 300 cr in AugustMutual funds' asset base jumps by over Rs 6,300 cr in August
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 8:  
The asset base of mutual fund industry rose more than Rs 6,300 crore to Rs 10.12 lakh crore in August boosted by inflows in equity funds.
Assets Under Management (AUMs) of the country’s 45 fund houses increased from Rs 10,06,452 crore in July to Rs 10,12,824 crore last month — up Rs 6,372 crore, according to the monthly data released by the Association of Mutual Funds in India.
The asset base had crossed the Rs 10 lakh crore mark for the first time in May, when the markets rose after Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led BJP government came to power.
Inflows in equity funds
The rise in AUMs during August was primarily due to inflows in equity funds, which was eventually helped by a strong stock market.
Besides, retail participation in equity schemes has increased significantly during the recent months.
The BSE benchmark index, Sensex, moved up by about 3 per cent in August.
The equity mutual funds witnessed an inflow of Rs 5,217 crore taking the assets base to Rs 2.35 lakh crore. Also, balanced fund saw an inflow of Rs 448 crore to take the AUM to Rs 17,293 crore.
Liquid funds’ AUM grew to Rs 2.45 lakh crore last month from Rs 2.44 lakh crore in July.
On the other hand, income funds’ asset base fell to Rs 4.61 lakh crore in August from Rs 4.71 lakh crore in the preceding month, led by outflows of Rs 12,696 crore.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

BSE Sensex resumes record-setting streak on foreign flows  oil; HDFC Bank shares soarAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Supreme Court grants Sahara chief 15 day extension for asset saleBS Reporter |  New Delhi Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 12:29 AM IST
Sahara chief gets 15 days more to sell assets abroad
Subrata Roy is trying to conclude the sale of Sahara's overseas assets to raise cash to pay investors
The Supreme Court on Monday granted Sahara chief Subrata Roy a reprieve of 15 working days from Tuesday to negotiate the sale of three hotels abroad to raise Rs 10,000 crore to walk out of Delhi’s Tihar jail. The court emphasised that it would be the last extension of the hi-tech facilities provided to Roy, who has been in jail since March 4.
Roy’s counsel S Ganesh told the Bench headed by judge T S Thakur that the sale of the hotels located abroad has “run into a monumental setback”. The US media sensationalised a report alleging that a southeast Asian sovereign, (not naming the Sultan of Brunei) which follows the Shariat law and stones to death gay persons, had struck a deal for a New York hotel. This led to protests and damage to property and cancellation of all functions in the hotel.
The purchasers have thus developed cold feet and are “lying low”. Four others have shown interest in the purchase of the property, but it would take nine to 10 days’ time. “We are in an unenviable situation,” the counsel said.
ALSO READ:  Sebi sets Sept 30 deadline to apply for Sahara refund
Solicitor General Ranjit Kumar told the judges there was nothing to show that things were moving, despite the last extension on August 14. “They are sitting in a closed room with internet, which is a powerful tool. We don’t know what they are doing, (or) whether they are doing something else.”
Ganesh submitted some documents to the judges to show the statements made by him were bona fide.One of them, called “in principle master agreement”, was accepted and kept in a sealed cover. He said there was no hanky-panky as feared by Kumar, but some confidentiality has to be kept in such matters.
ALSO READ:  Sahara chief seeks 15 more days from SC to sell properties
He said of nine Indian properties, one in Gujarat has been sold for a good price, but the rest could not be sold because of a fall in real estate prices over the world, especially in this country. The court has also barred Sahara from selling properties below the market price, he said. The counsel submitted that Roy was more anxious than anyone else to come out of the jail.
The judges remarked that “if freedom was so precious, you would not have dragged your feet so long, counting your pennies.”
Counsel for Sebi, Arvind Datar, submitted that it did not want to put a spoke in the wheel in the sale. But nothing concrete has emerged all these months. “At the end of the day, it is not a full stop, but only semi-colon,” Datar remarked. According to Roy, he had assets worth Rs 49,000 crore, and, therefore, he should bring a concrete plan regarding sale of assets, but this has not been done so far, the counsel emphasised.
 Advertisements

Law will take its course: Gowda on son absconding in rape casePrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 3:44 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 3:48 pm
“Law will take its own course” was the terse reply of Railway Minister Sadandada Gowda on Monday when he was asked about his “missing” son who is wanted by police in a case of rape lodged against him by a Kannada actress.
“I have spoken about it several times. Law will take its own course. I have nothing more to say,” he told reporters at a press conference organised to share his ministry’s “achievements” in the first 100 days of the BJP government.
His son Karthik Gowda has been accused of rape by the actress who has alleged that he developed relations with her after promising to marrying her. She went to police after he was engaged to another girl.
The minister declined to comment on the CBI probe into the contract between Indian Railways-owned IRCTC and the tainted company Saradha Group for operating tourist services to different destinations.
“CBI is investigating. Further comments from me would be interference in investigation,” he said.
The contract came about when TMC chief and West Bengal Chief Minister was the railway minister. Some of her party leaders are being investigated for their links with the company accused of cheating people.

Sensex Up Nearly 300 Points  Ends at New HighYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Rises Nearly 300 Points, Ends at New High
NDTV | Updated On: September 08, 2014 16:08 (IST)
European Shares Fall as Fed, Scotland Dominate
The 50-share benchmark index Nifty and Sensex closed at record highs on Monday after touching fresh all-time highs during intraday led by gains across the sectors.
Broad based buying was seen across the sectors in the afternoon trade. The Bank Nifty which made a fresh all-time high of 16,222.55 on Monday closed with 1.4 per cent gains. State Bank of India gained 2.08 per cent while HDFC Bank jumped 1.86 per cent.
Other sectors like FMCG, Auto and Infrastructure also gained. Defensive sectors like IT, Pharma also gained on Monday despite an appreciation in rupee against dollar.
Cement stocks like Ambuja Cements, Grasim Industries and UltraTech Cement gained between 1.5-3 per cent each on hopes of a recovery in the construction sector which will lead to full capacity utilisation in these companies.
Oil and gas stocks were among other prominent gainers in Nifty after the Brent crude prices fell to near $100 per barrel mark. ONGC closed 2.65 per cent higher whereas BPCL ended 1.88 per cent higher at Rs 701.65.
Among the Nifty shares Asian Paints gained the most as investors bought the shares on hope of higher sales ahead of festive season. NTPC was the top loser in Nifty with 1.65 per cent loss. Out of the 50 shares in Nifty 41 shares gained.
The gain was not restricted to large-cap stocks only. The broader index also gained. The BSE 500 index gained 1.17 per cent and the BSE midcap index jumped 1.29 per cent. Stocks like Punj Lloyd gained nearly 10 per cent to hit their intraday circuit limit after the company bagged an order worth $581 million.
The Sensex closed 1.08 per cent higher at 27,319.85 whereas the Nifty ended 87 points higher at 8,173.90.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 16:08 (IST)

Sensex ends 293 pts higher; NTPC  M&M  Tata Power fallSep 08, 2014, 03.46 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex ends 293 pts higher; NTPC, M&M, Tata Power fall
Hindalco, ONGC, SBI, Wipro and HUL were top gainers in the Sensex. Among the top losers are NTPC, M&M, Tata Power and BHEL.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex ends 293 pts higher; NTPC, M&M, Tata Power fall
Hindalco, ONGC, SBI, Wipro and HUL were top gainers in the Sensex. Among the top losers are NTPC, M&M, Tata Power and BHEL.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 pm Market closing
The market made a spectacular comeback with hefty returns on Monday, at record closing high. The Sensex was up 293.15 points or 1 percent at 27319.85 and the Nifty was up 81.05 points or 1 percent at 8167.90. About 2067 shares have advanced, 962 shares declined, and 95 shares are unchanged.
Hindalco, ONGC, SBI, Wipro and HUL were top gainers in the Sensex. Among the top losers are NTPC, M&M, Tata Power and BHEL.
03:00pm Strong growth likely in domestic paint industry
The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (ASSOCHAM), on September 4, said Indian paint industry is likely to surge from the current level of about Rs 40,600 crore to about Rs 62,000 crore by 2016 witnessing a breathtaking double-digit compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of about 20 percent.
The factors that have fuelled the paint industry's growth are the rise in disposable income and education, increasing urbanisation, development of the rural market and various launches of many innovative products, it added.
As per the ASSOCHAM recent report on 'Indian paint Industry: 2014' reveals that India is the second-largest consumer of paint in Asia. Top players include Asian Paints, Kansai Nerolac Paints, Berger Paints, AkzoNobel, Nippon Paints and Shalimar Paints, added the report.
02:40pm Interview
Talleen Kumar, CEO & MD, Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor Development Corporation expects phase I of India’s largest infrastructure project to be completed by 2019. This phase will involve construction of Dholera Special Investment Region in Gujarat and Shendra-Bidkin Industrial Park in Mahashtra. These two are part of the 8 smart industrial cities that have been planned along the length of the corridor.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Kumar said environment clearances for Dholera were in place, and that bidding process for both Dholera and Shendra would be rolled out in December this year.
Kumar said DMICDC has decided to go ahead with five cities in all, the other three being in Greater Noida, Madhya Pradesh and Haryana.
"In all these five cities, we have land available with us. The state government has been very proactive in making land available to us and that is the reason why we are able to move ahead in these five cities," he said.
Kumar admitted that land acquisition would turn out to be a major challenge for state governments as the project progressed.
"The land acquisition has been a challenging task for state government especially since the acquisition of the new Land Acquisition Act. We have to solve this problem if industrial cities have to come up," Kumar said.
02:20pm Sunflag Iron in News
Investors bought more shares of Sunflag Iron and Steel Company on the news of funds infusion by Japanese company. The stock rallied as much as 9 percent to hit a 52-week high of Rs 33.70 on the Bombay Stock Exchange, in addition to 10 percent upmove on Friday.
A meeting of the board of directors of the company will be held on September 11, to issue and allotment of 1,80,21,945 equity shares to Daido Steel Company, Japan on preferential basis, amongst others, said the company in its filing.
The Competition Commission of India, on August 27, had cleared the proposal of acquisition of 10 percent stake in company by Daido Steel Company.
"The overlap between products and vertical relationship between parties is insignificant and would not raise any competition concerns in India. Further, based on the total market value of the steel industry in India, the market shares of Daido and Sunflag are also insignificant," CCI explained.
02:00pm Equity benchmarks hit another record high in afternoon trade with the Nifty surpassing 8150 level, up 63.55 points to 8150.40 supported by banks, technology, FMCG and oil & gas stocks. The Sensex rose 212.58 points to 27239.28.
About 1992 shares have advanced, 902 shares declined, and 94 shares are unchanged.
India's largest lenders State Bank of India, ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank gained 0.9-1.6 percent while FMCG majors ITC and HUL advanced 0.8-1.3 percent.
State-run oil major ONGC remained on buyers' radar, up 2 percent after Bank of America Merrill Lynch upgraded the stock to buy from neutral as it expects more gains from oil reforms than earlier. "Main reason for our optimism is recent press reports which suggest equal subsidy sharing by ONGC-Oil India and the government. ONGC is better off under equal subsidy sharing than under the Parikh formula, which we were earlier assuming," the brokerage explains.
Technology majors TCS, Infosys and Wipro gained 0.8-1.3 percent. Deutsche Bank advises buying Wipro with a target price of Rs 650 and TCS with a target price of Rs 3,100. The brokerage recommends holding Infosys with target price of Rs 3,400.
However, HDFC, Mahindra and Mahindra, Tata Power and NTPC fell 0.7-1.6 percent.
13:00

In discussion with Air India to redevelop properties: NBCCSep 08, 2014, 03.57 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
In discussion with Air India to redevelop properties: NBCC
The state-owned National Buildings Construction Company (NBCC) is in talks with several public-sector companies to develop their surplus land, including Air India, CMD Anoop Kumar Mittal told CNBC-TV18 in an interview.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
In discussion with Air India to redevelop properties: NBCC
The state-owned National Buildings Construction Company (NBCC) is in talks with several public-sector companies to develop their surplus land, including Air India, CMD Anoop Kumar Mittal told CNBC-TV18 in an interview.
Post your opinion here
 
We are almost in final stages of talks with the Rajasthan government for a joint venture for redeveloping properties in Jaipur as well as other towns.
Anoop Kumar Mittal
CMD
NBCC
The state-owned  National Buildings Construction Company (NBCC) is in talks with several public-sector companies to develop their surplus land, including Air India, CMD Anoop Kumar Mittal told CNBC-TV18 in an interview.
Mittal was commenting on media reports that said the loss-stricken flag carrier was looking to monetize sum of its surplus assets by entering into an agreement with the state-run developer but he did not elaborate further on the specifics.
Also read: See 20-30% growth, 12-15% margins in realty for FY15: NBCC
“You will have to wait for sometime but definitely we are in process of finalising lot of things with lot of public sector companies and Air India may be one of them,” he said.
On NBCC’s other projects, the CMD said the company is executing a property in Delhi while three others, valued up to Rs 10,000-15,000 crore, were awaiting approval.
 
Below is the transcript of Anoop Kumar Mittal’s interview to CNBC-TV18’s Ekta Batra and Reema Tendulkar.
Ekta: Air India is likely to ink a memorandum of understanding with NBCC this month. Can you comment on the news with regards to Air India and a possible tie-up with NBCC on the monetisation of certain assets?
A: I have also read news in today’s news paper. We are in discussion with number of public sector companies who have surplus land for redevelopment of their property. Of course Air India is also one of them but I cannot disclose more on this issue. You will have to wait for sometime but definitely we are in process of finalising lot of things with lot of public sector companies and Air India may be one of them.
Reema: So which are the other PSUs you are currently in discussion with and overall for FY15 if you can quantify the amount that you will make from your real estate monetisation of these tie-ups?
A: We are in discussion with different ministries such as that of heavy industries, department of public enterprises, department of disinvestment for redevelopment of properties belonging to sick PSUs. We have told them we can redevelop their properties around the country on a similar model like that of Moti Bagh or Kidwai Nagar. In some cases, things are at an advanced stage but we have to wait for some more time.
Ekta: What is the redevelopment opportunity in Delhi, there could be certain projects which would be worth around anywhere between Rs 2000 to Rs 10,000 crore if I am not mistaken?
A: You are right. We are presently redeveloping property in east Kidwai Nagar. But there are three more properties, Netaji Nagar, Kasturba Nagar and Tyagraj Nagar, in the vicinity where cabinet approval is in process. We will start these once approval is done. The value of all three will be in the range of Rs 10,000-15000 crore.
On the issue of redevelopment, we are almost in final stages of talks with the Rajasthan government for a joint venture for redeveloping properties in Jaipur as well as other towns. Similarly, we are talking to Odisha government and are interested in two colonies in Bhubaneswar for redevelopment.
NBCC stock price
On September 10, 2014, National Buildings Construction Corporation closed at Rs 518.50, up Rs 13.10, or 2.59 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 538.70 and the 52-week low was Rs 108.30.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 21.28 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 24.37. The latest book value of the company is Rs 93.94 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 5.52.
RELATED NEWS

Government moots scheme to boost flights on low-connectivity routesUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Mumbai: The state government is working on a scheme to provide flights on low-connectivity routes from bigger cities to smaller towns, officials said.
"People have to travel by road from Nagpur to Chandrapur for over three hours whereas by flight the distance can be covered in 25 minutes. However, there is no Nagpur-Chandrapur flight," state general administration department's Additional Chief Secretary PS Meena said.
Airline companies have shown interest in the proposal and selection of operators for the scheme would be done through tenders, he said.
Airline companies have shown interest in the proposal and selection of operators for the scheme would be done through tenders, he said.
Currently, there are 22 airports in the state but there is no air connectivity from bigger cities like Mumbai, Pune, Nagpur and Aurangabad to smaller towns.
A senior department official informed that the government proposes to reserve few seats on flights operating to the small towns.
"Bureaucrats who need to travel throughout the state, including in remote areas, can use this service. If no one is able to travel, the government will still pay for the tickets," the official said, adding that such a scheme is operational in Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh.
The government is also looking for an alternative land for expansion of Chandrapur airport. There are also plans to construct airports at Parbhani and Gadchiroli. The respective district collectors have been asked to look for land, the official said.
Apart from the existing 22 airports in the state, one each in Shirdi, Navi Mumbai and Sindhudurg are in the process of construction, while in Beed, a proposal for airport did not take off owing to lack of availability of land, he added.

Sitharaman: Govt will not allow FDI in multi-brand retailWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

India slips to 62nd spot in effective stock market regulation rankingIndia slips to 62nd spot in effective stock market regulation ranking
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 8:  
Indian capital markets may be riding high on positive investor sentiments, but the latest report by World Economic Forum (WEF) shows that the country has plunged 35 places to 62nd rank in terms of effective regulation of the stock exchanges.
The country, last year, stood at the 27th spot for effective regulation and supervision of securities exchanges.
South Africa is on the top followed by Finland, Hong Kong SAR, Luxembourg and Singapore in this category, says the report.
Besides, neighbouring countries Pakistan and China are also placed at a better position than India on the parameters at 51 and 58 positions, respectively.
The findings are part of WEF’s Global Competitiveness report 2014-15, where India has been ranked among 144 countries across the globe.
The performance review was based on 12 pillars, including development of the financial markets. A value of 1 for regulation of exchanges implies ‘not at all effective’ while 7 represents ‘extremely effective’.
Ease of raising money
Meanwhile, the country has also slipped to the 39th place from 18th rank in terms of easiness for companies to raise money by issuing shares on the stock market, the report said.
Hong Kong SAR followed by Taiwan, China and South Africa were found to be countries where raising money through equity markets was the easiest.
Meanwhile, India has shown improvement with regard to strength of investor protection.
The country has been ranked at 34th place along with Pakistan, Montenegro and Chile, among others, in the report.
WEF’s last year report had ranked India at 41st position with regard to ‘strength in investor protection’.
A host of positive developments on domestic as well as global front has helped the Indian capital markets go on winning spree in the recent times.
According to a report by Bank of America Merrill Lynch, the Indian benchmark Sensex is the best performing index among major global markets so far in 2014 and is expected to double over the next four years.
Continuing their record setting spree, both the benchmark indices, Sensex and Nifty surged to their historic intra-day peaks of 27,225.85 and Nifty 8,141.90 last week on aggressive buying as a result of strong foreign capital inflows on the back of robust economic growth.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

JP Morgan India launches debt fundJP Morgan India launches debt fund
Suresh P Iyengar
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 8:  
JP Morgan Asset Management India has launched JP Morgan India Corporate Debt Opportunities Fund, an open ended income scheme that will generate regular income and capital appreciation by investing largely in corporate debt.
The new fund offer opened on Monday and will close on September 17.
The scheme is an actively managed debt fund wherein the AMC takes a view on interest rate movements, liquidity conditions and other macroeconomic factors affecting interest rates. It would identify and invest in quality credits that offer an attractive risk-return reward relative to sovereign instruments with the objective to generate accrual income or in yield pickups which offer a better spread for similar credits.
Namdev Chougule, Head of Fixed Income, JP Morgan Asset Management, said the Indian economy is at the inflection point with growth bottoming out, credible central bank, macro stability and strong political mandate.
The disinflationary trend in the economy should bode well for monetary easing and may lead to a trend of falling interest rates in medium term. The rates across the curve could fall meaningfully over the next 18 to 24 months. This is certainly an opportune time for debt investors, he said.
Nandkumar Surti, Managing Director, JP Morgan India, said the biggest challenge always is that most investors tend to look at past returns before making an investment decision, rather than having a futuristic view.
The biggest positive for debt markets unlike equity is that the Central Bank itself is focused on minimising volatility as it directly impacts economic activity. Investors must understand that volatility is temporary in bond markets, he said.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Polycom India bags deal from PTCLPolycom bags deal from Pakistan Telecom
Adith Charlie
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 8:  
Polycom India has bagged a deal from Pakistan Telecommunications Company Ltd (PTCL) to render videoconferencing and content collaboration service for the latter’s customers.
As part of this partnership, PTCL will become a reseller of Polycom endpoints and managed services, according to a press statement.
Financial details of the engagement were not disclosed.
State-owned PTCL is the backbone of Pakistan’s telecommunication infrastructure, providing telephonic and Internet services nationwide.
PTCL manages and operates around 2000 telephone exchanges across the country, according to Wikipedia. Services such as GSM, CDMA, Broadband Internet, IPTV, wholesale are an increasing part of its business.
“The service is a cost effective solution aimed at empowering corporate businesses and SMEs to swiftly react to market opportunities and improve customer interactions while reducing Capex and improving efficiency,” added Kamal Ahmed, Chief Digital Services Officer of PTCL.
As per Polycom, the new service will give Pakistani companies the flexibility to deploy enterprise-grade video collaboration. “Based on an annual subscription service model, they can easily adjust their investment in video collaboration as the scale and requirements of their organisation change, supporting business development and growth at any speed,” Polycom said.
The Nasdaq-listed Polycom had recorded annual revenue of approximately $1.37 billion in 2013.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Russia eyes long-haul plane deal with ChinaRussia eyes long-haul plane deal with China
Reuters
Tweet
MOSCOW, Sept 8:  
Russia's prime minister said on Monday domestic aircraft production must increase following sanctions over the Ukraine crisis and one of his deputies said Moscow planned joint production of a long-haul aircraft with China.
RIA quoted Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev as saying Russia "must of course continue on the course of increasing the number of aircraft that are produced in Russia and aircraft parts."
It quoted Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin as saying Russia and China planned to sign an agreement in October on joint-production of the long-haul aircraft, adding that Russia planned to double production of the Sukhoi Superjet from 2015.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Most Popular

AirAsia India to lease out aircrafts for $45 mnBS Reporter |  Chennai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 04:12 PM IST
AirAsia India to lease out aircrafts for $45 mn
AirAsia Berhad has announced that it commenced a leasing arrangement in relation to an A320-200 aircraft to be operated by AirAsia (India) Private Limited (AirAsia India)
AirAsia Berhad has announced that it commenced a leasing arrangement in relation to an A320-200 aircraft to be operated by AirAsia (India) Private Limited (AirAsia India). The company said, AirAsia India will pay a total consideration of $45 million for the term of the Agreement.
In an announcement from AirAsia Berhad, the company has said that it has commenced the leasing agreement on September 5, 2014, to be operated by AirAsia (India) Pvt Ltd, for a total consideration of $45 million for the term of the Agreement.
In July this year the Airline said that company would have five more planes in total before end of 2014.
The Friday's statement said, "the consideration is in the form of monthly lease payments payable in advance by AirAsia India". The term of the agreement shall be for 144 months and AirAsia India shall pay a security deposit in the form of cash or a letter of credit.
It added that the company currently leases aircraft to the other joint venture airlines within the AirAsia Group in its ordinary course of business. In line with AirAsia's growth strategies, the fleet expansion of AirAsia India would help to maximise route opportunities in the South Asia.
"The growth of AirAsia India would provide the following benefits to the Company and the AirAsia Group - extended leverage on AirAsia brand and distribution presence, strengthen the AirAsia Group commercial and operational economies of scale and the ability to feed traffic between South East Asia and AirAsia India domestic network and vice versa".
AirAsia India, a joint venture company incorporated and operating in India providing low cost carrier services, with the Company holding 49% (through the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary AirAsia Investment Limited), Tata Sons Limited holding 30% and Telestra Tradeplace Pvt. Ltd. Holding 21% in its paid-up share capital.
Amit Bhatia, an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, is the son of Arun Bhatia, who holds an indirect stake in AirAsia India via his 99% owned company Telestra Tradeplace Pvt. Ltd., which owns 21% of AirAsia India
The company currently leases aircraft to the other joint venture airlines within the AirAsia Group in its ordinary course of business. In line with AirAsia's growth strategies, the fleet expansion of AirAsia India would help to maximise route opportunities in the South Asia. The growth of AirAsia India would provide the following benefits to the Company and the AirAsia Group.
Extended leverage on AirAsia brand and distribution presence, strengthen the AirAsia Group commercial and operational economies of scale and ability to feed traffic between South East Asia and AirAsia India domestic network and vice versa.
 Advertisements

Coal block deallocation only changes ownership: GovtCoal block deallocation only changes ownership: Govt
Sensex  Nifty hit new record-high on MondaySensex  Nifty hit new record-high on Monday
Gloster L - Outcome of AGMGloster L - Outcome of AGM
Jay Ushin announces appointment of directorJay Ushin announces appointment of director
How to insure your investments on Dalal StreetHow to insure your investments on Dalal Street
Sensex ends 293.15 points up at new high of 27 319.85; Nifty gains 87.05 pointsSensex ends 293.15 points up at new high of 27 319.85; Nifty gains 87.05 points
Deepak Fertilisers  Australian arm to invest Rs 160 to boost mining chemicals bizDeepak Fertilisers  Australian arm to invest Rs 160 to boost mining chemicals biz
22 FDI Proposals Worth Over Rs.3 951 Crore Cleared22 FDI Proposals Worth Over Rs.3 951 Crore Cleared
India to control fiscal  pitches for rating upgradeIndia to control fiscal  pitches for rating upgrade
JSW Steel launches new retail formatHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
JSW Steel launches new retail format
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, Sept. 8:  
JSW Steel has launched new retail format - JSW explore. With an aim to efficiently cater the customized steel needs of end consumers, the group launched its branded retail format in Bangalore.
The franchise-based retail format will create a sustainable differentiator for JSW Steel’s exclusive value added products and service offerings. “This win-win partnership shall further strengthen JSW’s bond with its committed JSW Shoppe channel partners taking the association to the next level,” said Vinay Shroff, Sr. Vice President- Retail, JSW Steel.
The branded format will be scaled up in future to cater to customised needs across product categories and sectors viz. hot rolled, cold rolled, colour coated, TMT etc.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Audio

Titagarh Wagons adds to list of closures in West BengalArindam Majumder & Probal Basak |  Kolkata Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 08:16 PM IST
Titagarh Wagons adds to the list of closures in Bengal
Management says insubordination and acute indiscipline by workers is leading to unprecedent crisis
Two days after Chief Minister Mamata Bannerjee announced a steering committee to attract investment in the state, Titagarh Wagons Ltd, downed shutters casting an uncertainty over the future of almost 600 workers.
Management has cited reasons like “ insubordination and acute indiscipline by workers” leading to “unprecedent crisis on account of low production and productivity” for the suspension of work.
Last week, nine leaders of Trinamool-led INTTUC and CPI(M)-led CITU met the management demanding ESI, financial and medical benefits for the workers who are sent on assignments outside the factory. Titagarh Wagons’ factory sends its workers for commissioning and repairing works to its sister concerns in Uttarpara and Bharatpur in Rajasthan. “The management promised us that the issue would be resolved within 10 days,” said Ashwini Shukla, secretary of INTTUC at the plant. Trouble started brewing when the leaders were served a show-cause notice by the management on September 2 asking them to reply within 48 hours. “Though we replied within the stipulated time, the management suspended us, our gatepasses were seized by security and we were asked not to report for work from the next day,” says Shukla. Five of the suspended workers are from INTTUC while the rest are from CITU.
Meanwhile the workers of the plant complained of gross violations of labour laws and denial of benefits by the management and requested the government for a tripartite meeting to resolve the issue.
According to Dharmendra Yadav, president of the INTTUC unit at the plant and one of the suspended 9 workers, they have been denied basic benefits like gratuity and Provident Funds. “There are gross violations of labour laws here. The management has over the years denied us benefits like gratuity and Provident Fund,” said Yadav.
He said that though the Titagarh plant is a heavy industry unit, workers here were not paid according to industry standards. “We have been asking the management to raise our wage for the past several years. Workers here don’t even have a proper pay slip.” The Titagarh plant besides producing wagon for the Indian railways also manufactures bunkers, bailey bridges and specialised equipment for the defence sector.
Workers said that there was acute labour shortage at the plant and to compensate that supervisors rotate them between different sections without proper training. “I was working as a fitter and was asked to shift to welding last month by the supervisor. The company calls it multi-skilling,” says Mohammed Siraj who has been working in the company since its inception in 1996. He claims that in spite of grievances, there has not been a single attempt by the workers to disrupt functions of the plant. The management, however, has a different story to rell. “A handful of workers were creating nuisance, which prompted us to suspend nine workers. This led to a tool-down protest by workers. They were coming to the plant, but not working. We had no option but to suspend work given the scenario,” Umesh Chowdhary, managing director of Titagarh Wagons told Business Standard. He, however, claimed that the management was keen to reopen the plant as soon as labour issues are resolved. “We have orders for 2,000 wagons, for which we have 10 months in hand. We got this order only a month and a half ago. Before that for a period of six months we went on paying wages without any work. Now, when we have orders, we expect from the workers to respect our gesture at that point in time,”  Chowdhary said.
The plant, at present, has around 540 workers of whom 230 are permanent. Workers though alleged that the permanent workers enjoy no added benefits and are paid according to the principle of no-work-no-pay.
Titagarh Wagons’ is not an isolated case. Over the past months, there have been a series of closures in West Bengal, like Dunlop, Hindustan Motors, Shalimar Paints, and most of the companies have cited labour problem as the primary reason.
 Advertisements

SPIC plans to import regasified LNG for Tuticorin plantBS Reporter |  Chennai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 08:41 PM IST
Spic to import regasified LNG for Tuticorin plant
The plant currently uses naphtha as feedstock
Fertiliser major Southern Petrochemical Industries Corporation Ltd (SPIC) is planning to import regasified LNG or use gas bullets instead of naphtha as feedstock to meet the government’s deadline of September-end. The government had earlier set July 31 as deadline for naphtha-based plants to switch to gas.
At the annual general meeting here today, Ashwin C Muthiah, chairman, Spic, said the Centre had extended the timeline for the payment of subsidies to naphtha-based plants till the end of September. The operations of Spic’s urea plant beyond this month would entirely depend on the government’s decision to continue subsidies to these units.
Stating the petroleum and natural gas ministry had indicated an availability of 0.99 mmscmd of gas from the Ramnad basin to Spic, he said this would help them significantly once connectivity was established between the two. “We are expecting, based on assurances given by various agencies, that the Ramnad-Tuticorin section of the pipeline will be completed by 2015,” he added.
The company is also working on alternative arrangements, including importing regasified LNG (RLNG) or gas bullets, to sustain the operations of the plant till gas becomes available through this pipeline.
Urea production at the company’s plant in 2013-14 was 286,000 tonne as against 482,000 tonne a year ago. The decrease in production was because of working capital constraints and raw-material shortage, leading to plant shutdown of 207 days in the year, said Muthiah, adding the company was looking at options to augment the working capital requirement to enable sustained operations.
On financials
Muthiah said the company had exercised the pre-payment option and effected final payments by March 2014 to all the remaining creditors, leaving it with no further liability on the account. “This will result in better working capital management and improved overall performance,” said Muthiah, who also said the promoters had infused Rs 28.35 crore by way of loans for meeting the pre-payment obligations.
Arising out of the above settlement, a sum of Rs 91.58 crore was settled to the creditors in line with the scheme. Consequently, a sum of Rs 116.92 crore being the excess liability has been written back during the current year as an exceptional item. The Trust Deed executed in January 2013, by the company to create charge in favour of such remaining creditors on the Specific ed Assets through the Trust was terminated effective March 2014, consequent to payment to creditors in full as per the scheme, according to the company's annual report.
It may be noted the company had a liability to the tune of around Rs 3,000 crore and it has been paying back the money by selling its assets, stake and through promoters infusion.
 Advertisements

In Afghan jihad camp  Indian youth preparing for war on homelandIn Afghan jihad camp, Indian youth preparing for war on homeland
Updated: August 22, 2014 9:49 am

Fixing coal shortage to take time: CoalMinAlleviation of coal supply shortage to take years, says Piyush Goyal
Manoj Kumar     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 09:45 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The government on Sunday blamed cost overruns at coal projects and $50 billion in losses at state electricity distributors for a power crisis that has become the first test of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's management of the economy.
Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal warned that it would take years to alleviate coal supply shortages, which have reduced stocks at thermal power stations to their lowest since a huge blackout in 2012 cut off 620 million people.
Any strategic decisions would have to wait until a final decision by the Supreme Court on whether to revoke licences for more than 200 coal blocks awarded since 1993, Goyal told a news conference.
The court has already ruled that these 'captive' blocks for industrial use were handed out illegally. It will reconvene on Tuesday to consider whether they should be reallocated, or whether the operators should be fined.
"We will ensure quick action after the Supreme Court decision to get the process rolling and enhance coal output to 1 billion tonnes (a year) by 2019," Goyal told a news conference.
The "Coalgate" scandal, estimated in a 2012 audit report to have cost the taxpayer up to $33 billion, entrenched the dependence of Indian industry on supplies from lumbering state producer Coal India .
Coal stocks on hand at thermal generators, which produce three-fifths of the nation's power, have fallen to six days' forward cover - down nearly half since Modi's national election victory in May.
Modi's landslide came at least in part thanks to his reputation for CEO-style competence as chief minister of Gujarat, where he tackled a similar power crisis in 2005 and ensured round-the-clock electricity supplies.
NO PLAN B
Even though India has the world's fifth-largest reserves of coal, at 61 billion tonnes, supply bottlenecks force many generators to import coal from abroad. While private sector players are sourcing fuel from their own mines in countries like Australia , many state players can't afford to import.
Goyal said he was "open to all options" on fixing the coal supply situation but said the government would not consider opening up coal production to private competition immediately.
"At the moment we don't have a Plan B, but for every scenario we are keeping ourselves ready. Whatever the Supreme Court decides on coal block de-allocation , we will ensure that action from our side is implemented immediately," said Goyal.
Coal India, which accounts for around 80 percent of national production, has warned that it will fall around 30 million tonnes short of its commitment to supply 408 million tonnes to power generators in the year to March 31, 2015.
Mining unions plan a three-day 'work to rule' protest later this month to oppose any moves to privatise or break up Coal India, which employs 350,000 workers.
Goyal, a senior figure in Modi's nationalist party and former investment banker, blamed the crisis on cost overruns at power projects and 3 trillion rupees ($50 billion) at state power distributors.
These losses have piled up in the system because in many Indian states the price paid by consumers of electricity is 20-30 percent below cost - often the result of political favours given by local leaders.
On the supply side, Goyal said it would be vital to build three railway lines in the mining states of Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand and Odisha, that could deliver an extra 60 million tonnes of coal a year by 2017-18 and up to 200 million tons by 2021-22.
(Reuters)

Market@ new highs: It may just be beginning of a big bull runBull run
(The Indian markets have…)
NEW DELHI: The monsoon might be deficient, but it is raining record highs on the Indian markets. The S&P BSE Sensex rose to yet another lifetime high of 27,354.99 on Monday, while the 50-share Nifty index hit 8,180.20.
The Indian markets have rallied nearly 29 per cent so far in the year 2014, which puts our markets ahead of global peers in terms of overall performance. Despite recent outperformance, most analysts on the Street see further rally on the Nifty, which may take the index to 9000 in the next 12 months.
The latest to join the bandwagon is Goldman Sachs, which has raised its 12-month target for the 50-share Nifty index to 9000 from 8600 earlier.
"We are recommending investors that they should still ride the bull markets. We will get some corrections, but more or less the markets are headed for newer tops from here onwards," said Rahul Shah, Associate Vice President, Group Leader-Equity Advisory Group, Motilal Oswal Financial Services Ltd.
But, analysts on the Street see it (market capitalisation) rising further in a matter of just 3-4 years, if macros improve and reforms taken by the newly-elected Modi government start taking shape.
Elections in India kindled hope for reform in the world's biggest democracy and provided nice propulsion to nation's stock market.
Be it a fall in crude prices, revival in GDP growth , rise in global liquidity , the Indian markets have been the best performing markets among emerging market peers so far in the year 2014
"Yes, market cap can double from here if macro-economic situation improves further and reforms taken by the newly-elected Modi government start taking shape," said Rohit Gadia - Founder & CEO, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
"Recently the GDP has reported better than expected growth rate at 5.7 per cent. If inflation rate and crude prices remain low, then this may push the market higher in the coming years," he added.
Gadia is of the view that if geopolitical situation remains stable and FIIs continue showing faith in the Indian economy, then it can double in the next three to four years.
Continuing their bet on the government's reforms agenda, FIIs have poured in nearly Rs.9,000 crore in the Indian capital market in the first week of September.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of Rs.1.9 lakh crore or $31.5 billion into the country's securities market.
Fairly Valued:
The stock markets registered a significant rally in the past 7 months, still India's share of world market capitalization is lower than its share of economic output.
In addition, the Indian market is currently trading at a P/E of 21.2x and it could come down to its long-term average of 19x with the rise in earnings. However, we are not the cheapest when compared to other markets in Asian including China.
"I do not think the market is dirt cheap or something like that. Market is at fair valuations. From October onwards if the disinvestment picks up and you have much more paper supply, maybe that will actually slow down the pace of the rally in the market," said S Naren, CIO, ICICI Prudential AMC.
"The market has much more legs to rally from here. However, it is just that the valuation is not dirt cheap. It is not that you can have a negative view on the market at this point of time itself," he added.
According to analysts, when fundamentals start to shape up, earnings pick up, and industrial growth bounces back, which will add further legs to the current rally.
GDP data released last week also fuelled optimism in markets that the economy might have bottomed out and is set to gain momentum from here on. India's GDP grew at 5.7 per cent in the first quarter of the current fiscal year, exceeding market expectations.
"As the economy recovers, I believe that the quarterly earnings would continue to grow for the Indian market, which would keep the indices strong compared to the global markets due to enough scope for new reforms and policies," said Tushar Pendharkar, Equity Strategist at Right Horizons Financial Services.
"In addition, re-rating in price multiples would provide additional trigger to the market and keep the momentum. It clearly reflects that there is immense scope for the Indian equity market to continue the current rally," he added.
What should be your portfolio strategy?
Everything seems to be working great for the Indian markets, which has rallied nearly 29 per cent so far in the year 2014, beating other emerging market peers. But, as history suggests nothing moves in a straight line and the Indian markets might also see some corrections in future.
Analysts still advise investors to tread with caution because we are trading at record highs and it is perfectly normal to witness periodic corrections or profit booking. Investors should use these opportunities to enter markets or accumulate quality stocks at lower levels.
"I think this is the time when investors should hold on to their current positions and try to sail along with the trend of the markets," said Gupta of CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
"Investors can always keep trailing their stop loss and always have a stock specific approach and should focus on sectors like Infrastructure and Capital Goods where the money rotation might take place from other sectors, which has already moved a lot," he added.
Gupta is of the view that any correction in the markets right now should be anticipated as an opportunity to buy and we may see the market continue the rise. Also, the Nifty may see the levels of 8500 and 9000 in the near future.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bugti murder case: Musharraf fails to appear before courtPress Trust of India | Karachi | Posted: September 8, 2014 4:08 pm
Pakistan’s former military dictator Pervez Musharraf on Monday failed to appear before an anti-terrorism court in a case relating to the 2006 murder of elderly Baloch leader Nawab Akbar Bugti, citing poor health.
The court in Quetta had specifically directed the 71-year-old former President to appear in person but Musharraf, who is in Karachi, did not turn up.
Musharraf’s lawyer said that his client was not keeping good health and could not travel to Quetta for the hearing.
“We have also requested the court to hold a separate hearing for this case,” Nazeer Ahmed Cheema said.
While Musharraf did not appear for the hearing, two of his guarantors — former interior minister Aftab Ahmed Khan Sherpao and former home minister Balochistan Shoaib Nowsherwani — appeared before the court on Monday.
Judge of ATC-1 Nazeer Ahmed Langove subsequently adjourned the hearing of the case until October 13.
Strict security measures were put in by the administration to avert any untoward incident during Monday’s hearing.
Bugti, 79, a high-profile tribal elder and politician from the troubled Balochistan province was killed in August 2006 near Dera Bugti when security forces carried out an operation in the area during Musharraf’s tenure.
Bugti’s son Jamil Akbar Bugti has nominated Musharraf, former prime minister Shaukat Aziz and others in the murder case of his father.
Since Musharraf returned to Pakistan from self-exile in March last year, he has faced prosecution in four major cases, including one in which he has been indicted on high treason charges and another for his alleged involvement in the murder of former prime minister Benazir Bhutto in 2007.
Musharraf was indicted on March 31 in the treason trial for suspending, subverting and abrogating the Constitution, imposing an emergency in the country in November 2007 and detaining judges of the superior courts.
The former president, who is the first military ruler in Pakistan’s history to be tried in court, has rejected all the charges leveled against him.

EC will decide on Assembly polls in flood-hit J&K: Rajnath SinghPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 4:01 pm
The government on Monday said any decision with regard to holding Assembly polls in flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir will be taken by the Election Commission (EC) as it is the ultimate authority in that regard.
“We should not connect the natural disaster and tragedy with either elections or politics. The Election Commission will take a decision and they are the ultimate decision makers in that regard,” Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said when asked if the flood disaster would have any bearing on the forthcoming polls.
The state is slated to go to polls later this year. “I cannot comment anything as of now and the situation has to be assessed and only after that a final decision can be taken. The Election Commission will decide on this subject,” he said.
On the state of security forces and their infrastructure in the state in the wake of the floods, Singh said no border post of the Army, BSF or other forces has been washed away due to the floods.
“There is no such information like that received from there. Every Army personnel in the border is safe. Infact, our Army and paramilitary forces are trying to save people and I compliment the Army, paramilitary forces and the NDRF for the exceptional work they are doing,” he said.
"The Election Commission will take a decision and they are the ultimate decision makers in that regard," said Rajnath Singh.

MF assets rise by 6 300 cr to Rs 10.12 lakh ...You are here: Home > Collections
Mutual fund assets rise by 6,300 crore to Rs 10.12 lakh crore in August
PTI Sep 8, 2014, 03.49PM IST
Tags:
Association of Mutual Funds in India
(The equity mutual funds…)
NEW DELHI: The asset base of mutual fund industry rose by more than Rs 6,300 crore to Rs 10.12 lakh crore in August boosted by inflows in equity funds.
Assets Under Management (AUM) of the country's 45 fund houses increased from Rs 10,06,452 crore in July to Rs 10,12,824 crore last month - up Rs 6,372 crore, according to the monthly numbers released by the Association of Mutual Funds in India .
The asset base had crossed the Rs 10 lakh crore mark for the first time in May, when the markets rose after Prime Minister Narendra Modi led BJP government came to power.
The rise in AUM during August was primarily due to inflows in equity funds, which was eventually helped by a strong stock market.
Besides, retail participation in equity schemes has increased significantly during the recent months.
The BSE benchmark index, Sensex, moved up by about 3 per cent in August.
The equity mutual funds witnessed an inflow of Rs 5,217 crore taking the assets base to Rs 2.35 lakh crore. Also, balanced fund saw an inflow of Rs 448 crore to take the AUM to Rs 17,293 crore.
Liquid funds' AUM grew to Rs 2.45 lakh crore last month from Rs 2.44 lakh crore in July.
On the other hand, income funds' asset base fell to Rs 4.61 lakh crore in August from Rs 4.71 lakh crore in the preceding month, led by outflows of Rs 12,696 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian rupee to hold at Rs 58-62 against US dollar: BofAPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 4:40 pm
The appreciation in the US dollar notwithstanding, the rupee is expected to trade in the 58-62 range supported by softening of global oil prices and curbs on gold imports, says a Bank of America Merrill Lynch report.
The global brokerage firm further said that the Reserve Bank of India would need to raise USD 40 billion by March 2016, just to maintain import cover at the present eight months.
It said the factors that are supporting the Indian rupee include softening of oil prices, the continuation of gold import curbs and rising FII equity inflows.
“We expect the RBI to hold Rs 58-62/USD for now even though the US Dollar has strengthened below 1.30/Euro,” BofA-ML said in a research note, adding that rising FII equity inflows at USD 9.6 billion so far this fiscal has also led to a helping hand to the rupee.
The rupee today recovered by 15 paise to 60.24 against the dollar in early trade on increased selling of the American currency by exporters and banks amid sustained foreign fund inflows.
“We continue to expect RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan to buy FX at Rs 58+/USD to guard against contagion,” the report noted.
Rajan has also said that RBI is preparing for any rate hikes by the US Federal Reserve by building an adequate level of foreign exchange.
“Any emerging market today is going to look at the currency volatility and say ‘whatever money comes in, I’m going to be careful about it, I’m going to build some reserves..,” he had said in Chicago last week.
According to the BofA-ML report, restrictions on gold imports is expected to contain the current account deficit at 1.7 per cent of GDP in FY15.
The rupee would price-in the eventual liberalisation of gold imports and this in turn would push up the current account deficit to 2.4 per cent of GDP in FY16, especially if pent up demand leads to a jump in gold imports, it added.
According to BofA-ML gold price is expected to be at USD 1375/oz in 2015.

SC relief to Sahara chief Subrata Roy  grants him 15 days more to finalise hotel dealsPrint
Roy was allowed to come out of his cell on the condition he would swiftly finalise the deals and deposit Rs 10,000 crore with SEBI to get bail.
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 4:33 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 4:51 pm
In a relief to the Sahara group chief Subrata Roy , the Supreme Court on Monday granted him 15 working days more to finalise negotiations regarding the three hotels abroad .
A bench led by Justice T S Thakur allowed Sahara’s application while also making it clear this would be the last extension of time and he must close the deals by the extended period to enable him finalise the negotiations so as to fulfill the Rs 10,000 crore bail condition.
Roy and two other directors have been allowed by the court to stay in the conference room of Delhi’s Tihar Jail, with video-conferencing facilities, so as to facilitate him negotiate with the prospective buyers of the group’s two hotels in New York and one in London. Roy was allowed to come out of his cell on the condition he would swiftly finalise the deals and deposit Rs 10,000 crore with SEBI to get bail.
Appearing before a bench led by Justice T S Thakur, Roy’s counsel senior advocate S Ganesh sought 15 days’ more time in the wake of the sudden developments that had threatened the deals with Sultan of Brunei.
He submitted that there were huge protests outside the hotels after media reports that Sultan of Brunei was buying the properties.
“Following this, there have been very violent protests outside the hotels and the buyers are reconsidering the deal which is now on the verge of being collapsed, although we are trying our best to salvage it” Ganesh told the court.
He urged the court to grant a fortnight more to hold negotiations with some other prospective buyers. “It is very unfortunate incident and it is a setback for us. It is beyond our control,” he said.
The court allowed his plea but reminded him that he would have to arrange for a lot more money once he comes out.
Roy was allowed to come out of his cell on the condition he would swiftly finalise the deals and deposit Rs 10,000 crore with SEBI to get bail.

Successful woman technology leader needed at...0
Producers for WTTW-Ch. 11's "Chicago Tonight" asked Sharon Schneider, the co-founder and CEO of Moxie Jean, an online resale store for upscale children's clothing, to discuss the issue. Host Phil Ponce asked Schneider whether she was only hurting herself by withdrawing from a Techweek panel in protest.
"It's actually more likely that I'm hurting myself by talking about it here," Schneider said. "Women have been taught and learned the painful lesson that speaking about the sexism that we see in the industry is actually more dangerous to our likability and to our careers than ... the sexist behavior is."
I contacted two of WiSTEM's funders for comment. Liz Lefkofsky, the wife of Groupon CEO Eric Lefkofsky, declined to take questions. Her spokesman said she was too "slammed."
Another funder, Motorola Mobility's Courtney VanLonkhuyzen, replied that, "While Motorola supports 1871's efforts ... we are not involved in day-to-day operations so I can't comment on the structure.
"That said, we've been impressed with 1871's results and trust this effort will result in similar success. As you know, it is a step in the right direction to help address a critical issue — the lack of diversity in the tech sector."
Two other women responsible for advocating for women business leaders declined to comment. One was on vacation. The other said she wasn't interested in commenting.
"I hope you understand," she texted.
I do understand, just like Schneider.
Maybe the issue is pay. There's not enough money to hire someone prominent. Well, if a funder who cares about diversity is reading this, step up. 1871 is a non-profit. Think of it like endowing a university professorship.
Because Tullman, to his credit, repeatedly said that he's flexible.
"Part of the whole charm of this is that the resources will come to us, and people will present us with opportunities and resources," Tullman said. "And by the way, it may turn out that someone sends in a resume or calls up and says, 'I want to come talk about what I could add to this program as a leader or as a manager or whatever.' And we'll change our mind again."
Ladies, let's consider that a call for applicants.

What do you think of the recent hacking scandal involving Hollywood celebritieswhat do you think of the recent hacking scandal involving hollywood celebrities
Previous Poll | With the political crisis intensifying in Pakistan  will the country again fall into the hands of the armyprevious poll | with the political crisis intensifying in pakistan  will the country again fall into the hands of the army
Why New Samsung Phone Has a Curved ScreenAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

CVS Health Will See You Now  No Doctor RequiredAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Stop Writing Long Reportsreddit
You can add long business plans, long marketing plans, long job descriptions.... you get the idea.  If at all possible stop writing long reports and plans. No one wants to read long reports and once their read they're never looked at again.
The longer the report the less clear you'll be.
This is just my observation. The longer a report is the less clear it is. The shorter and the more bullet points the easier it is to understand.
One of my favorite sayings is, "The meaning of your communication is the way it's received." This is true of written material as well as spoken. If you write long reports and memos it's likely to be misinterpreted. The shorter the better.
You're not only wasting your time.
Writing long reports takes lots of time. I bet you have better things to do with your time than put together plans that are more than one page long. If you're writing a 20-page report you're spending a lot of time making major plans.  If you believe in small experiments, large and long plans don't fit. Small experiments allow you to pivot quickly when things don't work out as you planned.
Besides the time you spend writing a long plan you're asking others to spend lots of time reading, integrating and responding to your long plan. Instead, wouldn't it make more sense to just write a plan that is short and to the point and more importantly easily understood? There is a tendency to look good instead of being good.
Almost every long plan I see is really designed so the writer looks good. Looking good doesn't count. Having a plan that make sense and can be easily implemented does  With a short plan you can make steps well defined and easy to understand.
I've found that most people don't want to figure out what you're trying to get across. Most people want to easily understand what you want and help you achieve a common outcome.
Use bullet points and the 15-minute rule.
I think most of the time a report can be written in 15 minutes or less. You might have to think about your plan and you might have to sift through lots of information to make your plan understandable. When you finally start writing your report or plan spend no more than fifteen minutes writing it.
If possible write your plan using as many bullet points as possible. When you start writing paragraphs you're taking up more space and spending more time. Bullet points are fast to write and easy to understand.
Better yet, learn to mind map and deliver your reports and plans in the form of a mind map. You can communicate incredibly complicated strategies on one page using a mind map. Mind maps allow your readers to easily make complicated connections.
The point is to be clear not verbose.
Whether you use mind maps or short reports with lots of bullet points you want to be clear in your communication. The clearer you are, the easier it is for others to implement. After all, isn't that what it's all about? Having clear implementation with as little effort as possible.
Follow Josh Patrick on Twitter: www.twitter.com/AskJoshPatrick
More:

GoPro surges to new record closeGoPro surges to new closing high on Piper Jaffray upgrade
By: Gary Strauss September 5, 2014 7:05 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
GoPro
GoPro GPRO   hit a new closing high of $58.75 Friday, surging 11% in one of video camera marketer’s best single-day performances since a June IPO.
Behind the run up: Piper Jaffray analyst Sean Naughton raised his price target to $60 a share.
Among nine stock analysts covering GoPro, Naughton’s price target is among the most optimistic.  In fact, given GoPro’s 145% climb since its June 26 initial public offering, some analysts are already pulling back on their recommendations.
J.P. Morgan’s Paul Coster downgraded the stock to neutral Thursday, citing  the company’s market valuation, now $7.4 billion.
GoPro sports a flabbergasting price/earnings ratio of 322, vs. a 19 P/E for the Standard & Poors 500 index and an 82 P/E for the Russell 2000,  according to Birinyi Associates.
Still, even those  who believe GoPro’s share price has gotten ahead of fundamentals remain bullish on the company’s prospects heading into the all-important holiday shopping season.
“We do not recommend adding to positions here. That said, nor do we want our clients to sell the stock, especially with the possibility that the company launches new capture device products ahead of the holiday season; risks to the upside and downside seem balanced,” Coster  said in a research report.
GoPro’s success has also buoyed Ambarella AMBA , its prime semiconductor supplier. Ambarella  gained 3% to $36.90 Friday after posting a 24% jump in second quarter revenue and a 38% rise in net income. Ambarella is now up 144% from a September 2013 low.
Follow stock moves on Twitter @gstrauss_

Illinois hospitals fined $16.3 million for unnecessary readmissions0
The program already has recouped $5.6 million in penalties through Medicaid payment reductions, according to state data.
Julie Hamos, director of the Illinois Department of Healthcare and Family Services, said hospitals had more than a year to improve their readmissions rates and avoid penalties.
"We hope that this initiative will encourage providers to reduce their potentially preventable readmissions so that Medicaid clients get and stay healthier and the state sees lower costs," she said in a statement.
The agency determined that 147 hospitals in the state had "unacceptable" numbers of preventable hospital readmissions during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2013.
Sixty-five were able to do so by enacting measures to lower readmission rates, avoiding $18.5 million in penalties. The remaining 82 must pay the penalty, which is equal to the cost of the additional care administered because of the preventable readmission, the state said.
"Hospitals have been working constantly on quality improvement and patient safety measures to reduce avoidable readmissions," said Danny Chun, a spokesman for the Illinois Hospital Association."We're working to make sure that every patient gets the right care at the right time in the right setting."
Many of the hospitals hit with penalties serve high percentages of low-income Illinoisans or are academic medical centers that treat large numbers of medically complex patients.
Hospitals that owe more than $500,000 in penalties include: Presence Saints Mary and Elizabeth Medical Center ($2.78 million), The University of Illinois Hospital & Health System ($2.47 million), Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago ($1.43 million), Mount Sinai Hospital ($980,000), Rush University Medical Center ($855,000), Norwegian American Hospital ($662,000), St. Anthony Hospital of Chicago ($637,000), University of Chicago Medicine ($578,000), and Holy Cross Hospital ($536,000.)
Julie Pesch, a spokeswoman for Lurie Children's, said the hospital disagrees with the state's methodology for calculating readmissions.
"We do not believe that the methodology adequately addresses the readmission of children with complex medical conditions, of which Lurie Children's is the highest volume provider in the state," Pesch said.
Rush said the number of Medicaid readmissions at its West Side hospital directly reflects the large number of Medicaid patients it treats, many of whom with health issues that represent the highest degree of medical complexity.
Sinai Health Systems, which operates Mount Sinai and Holy Cross, and Norwegian American, said they needed more time to review the report before commenting. Other hospitals could not be immediately reached.
The full list is available here .
pfrost@tribune.com

NFL s new domestic violence rules: What companies can...4
"The biggest problems employers have is they Google 'handbook' on the Internet and then tailor it to what they need, but then there's no implementation or training," he said. "I personally think employers have a legal and moral obligation to make sure they have good people in the workplace and make sure those people are representing the company in the best light possible. They need to provide policies that address discipline and foster an environment in the workplace that assures victims that they have avenues to go to and that they should feel safe in approaching the people at work to obtain the help they need."
Kim Gandy, president and CEO of the National Network to End Domestic Violence, said a very basic first step is to have a policy that says the company "won't discriminate against an employee based on his or her status as a victim, that you won't fire or demote someone because they're a victim."
"Many employers say, 'I just don't want this aggravation; I'm just going to fire this person,'" Gandy said. "That happens far more often than you would think it does."
A clear, concise statement can make a powerful difference. It shows that a company takes the issue of domestic abuse seriously and will protect its workers.
Gandy said it's also important to provide employees who are victims of domestic violence with the time off they need to make court appearances.
"We've had people who haven't made court appearances because they can't leave their jobs," she said. "They know that if they get fired, they might have to return to the domestic situations because they couldn't afford to take care of their kids."
Training of company leaders and human resources representatives is also key.
"Having an ombudsperson or just somebody in HR who is trained and understands the complexities of domestic violence and what that means," Gandy said. "And just talking about it. Putting up posters. Having a speaker come in, doing employee education. Taking a position as an organization. Something as simple as the company making a donation to the local shelter."
She continued: "Domestic violence is still really kept under wraps. People don't want to talk about it. If I tell people I've been hit, they'll think something's wrong with me; they'll think I must be stupid for letting someone do that to me. You wouldn't think there's shame involved, but there is. So just talking about it and keeping it out in the open, saying this happens, we don't want it to happen here, but if it does, we want to know about it, and we want to help you."
That's where I hope the NFL's policy change can at least open up a dialogue in workplaces across the country. Having a disciplinary policy to handle a person convicted of domestic violence or sexual assault is not enough, by any stretch. Companies need to acknowledge the prevalence of domestic abuse and be far more proactive in helping those who suffer at the hands of abusers.
"It's good business," Gandy said. "Any employer who looks around the room and thinks, 'Hmm, 1 in 4 women in this room will be affected by domestic violence, so if I take a position on this issue and I'm public about it and I do it positively, that's going to raise the company and the esteem of its employees.'"
Of course, she — and I — would prefer to see companies make these decisions because it's the right thing to do morally. But at the end of the day, regardless of the motivation, what matters is that it gets done.
Follow the NFL's lead on this one. It's overdue. It's important. And it matters.
TALK TO REX: Ask workplace questions — anonymously or by name — and share stories with Rex Huppke at IJustWorkHere@tribune.com , follow him on Twitter via @RexWorksHere and find more at chicagotribune.com/ijustworkhere.

Five ways to get kinky in a long distance relationshipThe ever shrinking world has indeed augmented geographical distances among people, leaving couples to deal with the term Long distance relationship (LDR). Among other things, the distance makes it difficult for partners to deal with their sexual needs.
(AFP Photo)
Dr Sharmila Majumdar, a Hyderabad based sexologist, says, “ Physical intimacy is very important for a good married life. One should learn to appreciate one's physical time together. The absence of it not only drains a relationship but also sucks out the love and respect for each other. In the little time that they get couples should try to make up for their craving for each other."
While it's obviously not possible to be around your partner most of the time, we give you five easy ways to fuel your carnal desires during an LDR.
1 Romantic/ Erotic emails
You think it is not easy? Well! It isn't difficult either. All you have to do is feel him/her beside you. Feel that your fingers are moving around his hair, feel that you are circling certain parts of her body, just feel and type the same down. For eg:  I can sense the whiff of your perfume as I kiss your neck and bite your earlobe. I can feel your hair strands on my face, and your hands embracing me. You know your trigger zones, go ahead and speak your heart out.
2 FaceTime/ Skype (Video Chatting)
Technology has certainly squeezed distances. Dress sexily when you are video chatting with your partner. Each one of you should dress up as if you were going on a date. Start a casual conversation beginning with your day, but avoid unnecessary details. Praise your partner on how he/she looks. Instead of telling how badly you miss her/him, say you are almost there, and can feel the pleasure of togetherness. The rest will follow.
3 'Selfies' at Rescue
Exchange appealing and exciting pictures. Pictures of you donning your new hair cut, new tattoo, new apparel, shoes, anything, just anything that makes you look fresh and lively. Go for temporary tattoos, or create some yourself. ( on the neck, shoulder, cheek, palms, ankles, to name a few.
4 Voice it up
With applications such as viber and whatsapp ruling the mobile phone,  voice messages are quite happening these days. Send across random love notes and teasers on the voice message.
5 Sex 'on' Phone
Fantasy plays a vital role in exciting your desires.Close your eyes and feel the presence of your partner. Talk about the times when you were together, and how you enjoyed the coziness and warmth of each other. As you talk, also share how your body is reacting. For eg. " I am rubbing my toes against each other." " I am biting my lips", "I am embracing myself" , " I am playing with my hair" all of these and many more will fan the fire of your longing for each other. Sweet signs and moans during the conversation will take you both to another level.

Is the government making it harder for the middle class to buy homesBy Dina ElBoghdady September 5 Follow @DinaWaPo
David Ryder/Bloomberg
For more than 20 years, Mark Vinciguerra’s small bank specialized in making home loans to first-time buyers in the northwest Ohio suburbs. Then the recession hit, and auditors at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac came knocking.
The mortgage finance giants demanded that Vinciguerra buy back more than 200 loans he’d sold them that were teetering into foreclosure, claiming that the bank had failed to meet their quality standards. Vinciguerra ultimately repurchased only five loans, but endless hassles over the others shattered his willingness to take a chance on some moderate- and low-income borrowers.
“Like so many lenders, we thought: ‘Heck, we’re just going to raise the bar,’ ” said Vinciguerra, who insists the loans went bad because of skyrocketing unemployment. “We’d like to be serving those people again, but there’s no trust in the system right now.”
Just as the housing recovery should be taking off, lenders are turning away potential home buyers by demanding unusually high credit scores and other tough standards on government-backed loans – exceeding the government’s own criteria in a bid to insulate themselves from financial penalties and lawsuits. The reluctance to lend has alarmed policymakers and heightened tensions between them and the industry as each side struggles to rectify the problem without exposing themselves to unreasonable financial risks.
The White House has summoned the heads of some of the nation’s largest banks for a meeting in Washington on Sept. 17 to tackle the issue head-on, frustrated that its many pleas to ease lending criteria have fallen on deaf ears. As many as 1.2 million additional loans would have been made annually since 2012 if normal, pre-housing bubble lending standards had been in place, according to a recent analysis by the nonpartisan Urban Institute.
But lenders say the mixed messages they’re getting from Washington give them no incentive to widen access to credit. The government, determined to prevent a repeat of the irresponsible lending practices that sparked the housing bust, has forced lenders to buy back billions of dollars in loans and continues to trumpet massive legal settlements with the industry. The largest came two weeks ago when Bank of America agreed to pay $17 billion to resolve claims that it sold the government defective mortgages.
“The mortgage industry is basically ticked off,” said Guy Cecala, publisher of the trade journal Inside Mortgage Finance. “They see the government hammering them and at the same time urging them to loosen the credit standards and accept more borrowers.”
Indeed, Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JPMorgan Chase, is leaning in the opposite direction, and has publicly threatened to cut off business with the Federal Housing Administration, a popular source of low-down-payment loans for first-time buyers.
The situation is untenable for lenders, said David H. Stevens, president of the Mortgage Bankers Association and a former FHA commissioner who said he plans on attending the Sept. 17 meeting with the administration’s top housing officials. It’s also creating a homeownership opportunity gap.
“It’s very clear that the proverbial 1 percent, the wealthy American who wants to buy a home, is going to get credit,” Stevens said. “It’s some of the average entry-level or move-up buyers who are getting boxed out.”
Fannie, Freddie and the FHA collectively own or back nearly half of all U.S. mortgages, according to Inside Mortgage Finance.
None of them makes loans, though they are critical to making mortgages widely available.
Fannie and Freddie buy loans from lenders, package them into securities and sell them to investors. For a fee, they guarantee the mortgages and then pay investors if the loans default. The FHA insures the lenders it works with against losses if loans go bad.
The housing bust took a huge toll on all three entities. The government took control of Fannie and Freddie in 2008 to keep them solvent, and the FHA had to tap taxpayer money for the first time in its history last year to cover its losses.
Now, housing experts say the government’s push to hold the industry accountable for loose lending practices is unintentionally steering lenders toward the highest-quality borrowers, undermining the institutions’ missions to serve the broader population, including moderate- and low-income families.
“What we have now is a system, because of tight lending standards, that is excluding far more borrowers who are going to succeed
than fail,” said Barry Zigas, director of housing policy at the Consumer Federation of America.
President Obama has appealed directly to the banking industry several times for greater leniency, once in a State of the Union address. Federal Reserve Chair Janet L. Yellen weighed in this summer, lamenting that “any borrower without a pretty pristine credit rating finds it awfully hard to get a mortgage,” which in turn has slowed the housing market’s recovery.
Industry insiders say the administration could help by encouraging regulators to ease up. Lenders should be held accountable for the type of fraudulent activity that took place before the housing crisis, such as falsifying documents or faking tax returns, they say. But they argue that the government should not be scouring loan files for minor errors just to force a buyback or justify financial penalties.
Industry insiders also argue for clearer rules governing when Fannie, Freddie and the FHA can take action against a lender. Many lenders said they had been asked to buy back loans or reimburse the government for losses even when their lending practices had nothing to do with the loans’ default.
Bill McCue, president of McCue Mortgage Co. in Connecticut, cites an FHA loan he made in 1994. The borrowers kept up with the mortgage payments until 2010, when their marriage fell apart. The house went into foreclosure and sold at a loss, and the FHA came after McCue for the $100,000 difference between the sale price and what was owed on the mortgage. The reason: an allegedly fraudulent signature on a $1,000 gift that a family member put toward the down payment 16 years earlier.
“It was the marriage falling apart that did them in. One of the spouses stopped contributing to the mortgage,” McCue said. “What was I supposed to do back then? Sit them down and say: ‘How’s that marriage going for you?’ ”
McCue fought the FHA and ultimately won. But his lending practices have been affected, he said, by the investors who buy the loans his bank makes. Those investors, he said, now routinely refuse to buy FHA-insured mortgages if the borrowers have credit scores below 640, even though the FHA typically permits scores as low as 580.
That cutoff point is not uncommon, lenders say. There are 13 million potential borrowers with scores between 580 and 640, yet FHA-backed loans to people below the 640 threshold were basically nonexistent last year, according to an analysis by the Urban Institute.
“Are the lower-credit-score borrowers a little more risky than someone with an 800 credit score? Certainly,” said FHA Commissioner Carol Galante. “But this is how families get into the middle class and succeed.”
Earlier this year, Wells Fargo, the nation’s largest mortgage lender, tried to unfreeze credit for most of that group, announcing that it would lower its minimum credit score for FHA loans from 640 to 600. Mike Heid, president of Wells Fargo Home Mortgage, said the company was expecting the government to clarify its rules and expectations soon thereafter. Six months later, the industry is still waiting.
“The issue has been out there for a couple of years now,” Heid said. “I think it’s now time for decisions to get made and actions to be taken by Fannie, Freddie and FHA.”
The institutions say they are taking action. The FHA is working to compile a single set of guidelines to clear up lender confusion. Meanwhile, in July, the regulator that oversees Fannie and Freddie loosened some of its policies on mortgage buybacks. Now, lenders cannot be forced to repurchase a mortgage if the loan survives three years with no more than two 30-day delinquencies and if the 36th monthly payment is on time.
The change, which liberalizes a policy adopted last year, is intended to give lenders peace of mind. But many lenders say it doesn’t because it subjects them to buybacks in cases of fraud or misrepresentation, terms that the industry says are ill-defined.
Don Calcaterra Jr., president of Towne Mortgage Co. in Michigan, said he is not reassured. In fact, Calcaterra said he just turned down a potential home buyer with a stellar credit score, plenty of cash and limited debt.
At 62, the customer wants to sell his Detroit-area home and buy a condominium with a 50 percent down payment. But the man had a $50,000-a-year severance package that expires in March. He has yet to decide if he will seek a job or file for Social Security after that – meaning his loan would run afoul of Fannie and Freddie guidelines that require proof that his earnings will cover his mortgage payments for three years, Calcaterra said.
“We’re afraid if Fannie or Freddie did a review of this one, they would say we have to buy it back,” Calcaterra said. “Most lenders would look at this and say: ‘This is a good loan, but we can’t make it.’ “
Dina ElBoghdady covers housing policy for The Washington Post.

More personal finance newsMore than 6 in 10 millennials say they don’t have a credit card
Jonnelle Marte
A survey finds that young consumers prefer debit over credit, but that aversion to credit can have downsides.
Build It
Where can you still get a job with a pension?
Jonnelle Marte
Pensions are harder to find, but they’re still common among employers in the utilities and insurance sectors.
Retirement mistakes people make at every age
Jonnelle Marte
Whether you’re 25 or 65, there’s always something getting in the way of your long-term plan.
Save It
Bad news: Wages are down for pretty much everyone
Jonnelle Marte
Most workers saw pay decline over the past year. And the only workers breaking even since before recession are those with college degrees.
People who get 401(k) advice are better savers. Too bad many people don’t get advice.
Jonnelle Marte
Most workers understand the importance of their 401(k) plans, but they don’t ask for help until retirement is imminent.
Finance It
Department of Education criticized for how it pays debt collectors to chase student loan dollars
Jonnelle Marte
A nonprofit says the government is giving debt collectors incentives to be overly aggressive with struggling student loan borrowers.

5 Things You Didn t Know About Queen  Even If You Know Every Word Of  Bohemian Rhapsodyreddit
We will rock you... with trivia.
Freddie Mercury's birthday is today, Sept. 5, and if he were still alive he would have turned 68 years old. Considered one of the greatest singers of all time , despite having no formal vocal training , Mercury regularly put more than should have been expected into performances.
For the recording of "The Show Must Go On," Mercury was nearing his last days of his battle with AIDS-related bronchopneumonia. The band wasn't sure if he'd be able to accomplish the vocals , but Mercury swigged some vodka, said, "I'll fucking do it, darling," and legendarily pulled it off in one take. True royalty. Here's five things you didn't know about Mercury and Queen.
1. Queen wasn't going to release "Another One Bites the Dust" as a single until Michael Jackson convinced them. It became the most successful single of their career.
The song was written by bassist John Deacon. Multiple members have confirmed that Michael Jackson convinced the band to make it a single, with Brian May explaining that Michael came to them after a show during the Game Tour and told the band they were "mad" if they didn't release it.
Apparently a roadie may have also made this suggestion, but the band just wasn't into the idea until it came from Jackson. Drummer Roger Taylor even remembers saying , "That will never be a hit."
The song ended up selling over seven million copies to become their most successful single.
Later on in both their careers, Freddie Mercury and Michael Jackson intended to release a collaborative album, but Mercury walked out on the sessions when Jackson insisted on bringing a llama into the studio .
2. Despite the popular song's lyrics, Freddie Mercury didn't like riding bicycles.
In the song, "Bicycle Race," Freddie Mercury claims, "I want to ride my bicycle. I want to ride it where I like." This apparently isn't true. Guitarist for the band, Brian May, claimed the song isn't "autobiographical" and said:
As I remember ... he actually wasn't very keen on riding his bicycle (if he even had one!) -- he preferred being driven in a Rolls Royce! But he created a character in the song, and this character can say what he wants, and he can ride his bicycle where he likes!
May also pointed out that this means the line "And I don't like Star Wars" is completely false as "Freddie liked Star Wars a lot." Mercury even rode on Darth Vader's shoulders during shows!
3. Freddie Mercury referred to Queen as "the bitchiest band on earth."
In an interview from 1974 with Melody Maker , right as Queen was starting to truly take off, Freddie Mercury claimed the band had its quarrels:
We tend to work well under pressure. But do we row? Oh my dear, we’re the bitchiest band on earth. You’ll have to spend a couple of days with us. We’re at each other’s throats. But if we didn’t disagree, we’d just be yes-men, and we do get the cream in the end.
Mercury seemingly had a thing with being under pressure, and released a song about just that with David Bowie in 1981 .
4. Guitarist Brian May built his iconic guitar from scratch as a teenager.
Brian May is a pretty incredible person. Besides being one of the greatest guitarists ever , May also has a PhD in astrophysics , co-authored two scientific articles while Queen was at its height, is now a strategic advisor for the Sentinel Mission and way back when built a guitar from scraps that'd last him a lifetime. May tells the story on his guitar website :
I designed an instrument from scratch ... The result, after two years of spare-time work, exclusively with hand tools, was the instrument I now call my "Red Special" -- or the "Old Lady" -- the guitar which has been a part of me through 30 years of live concerts and studio work with Queen, all around the world.
5. Freddie Mercury once dressed Princess Diana as a man and took her clubbing. Nobody recognized her.
Maybe this is just Freddie Mercury-related, but comedian Cleo Rocos writes in her book, "The Power of Positive Drinking," about a night she hung out with Princess Diana, Kenny Everett and Mercury. Watching "The Golden Girls," they lowered the volume and acted out a more lewd plotline with Princess Diana as Dorothy and Mercury as Sophia. After that fun ended, Mercury mentioned to Princess Diana that the three of them were going to a notorious gay bar called Vauxhall Tavern in London. Princess Diana insisted on coming despite pleads from Everett and Rocos. Mercury said, "Go on, let the girl have some fun. Can you imagine?"
Princess Diana ended up disguising herself as a "rather eccentrically dressed gay male model." Nobody recognized her as she ordered a white wine and a beer. The princess and Mercury apparently giggled like "naughty school children."
To the champion of the world. (1946 - 1991)
All images Getty unless otherwise noted.
Also on HuffPost:

Commentary: Our brave new world of communication( Illustration by Norman Bendell)
By Greg Kihlström September 7
More than any other skill in business, none may be more fundamental than the ability to blend, grow and seamlessly transform with our changing times. As a communications professional in the D.C. area, I know firsthand the impact change can have on an industry and a business.
We have come a long way already — some of us have seen the advertising industry grow from print and broadcast to digital, social, mobile and beyond.
The change we face today is an animal of a different nature. It is actually an evolving convergence of all of the communications disciplines into a multifaceted approach for shaping brands. Organizations have to seek firms and professionals that offer the full spectrum of communications expertise, including paid advertising in print and digital, strategic marketing for their business endeavors, and messaging development and brand management in the media to shape public perception.
In fact, the numbers leave no doubt that for a business to be successful, the adoption of all three of these facets of communications is critical.
This is especially important in D.C., as more and more organizations are learning how to connect with customers or constituents digitally, as opposed to using print or TV to dictate the campaign. Advertising today is much more personal and requires a higher level of quality communication, including speaking with the viewer, and not at the viewer in order to start a conversation. Native advertising, a sophisticated form of long-form, editorial type advertising that we are seeing explode in the D.C. area, is especially adept at this. We are even seeing more and more communicators use geolocation targeting to connect to the consumer and stimulate a customized, real-time marketing reach.
In our region alone, advertising and its evolution is helping to drive the economy. A landmark study conducted by economic consulting firm IHS Global Insight found that advertising expenditures account for $104 billion in economic output in the D.C. area — that is 21.3 percent of the $489 billion in total economic output in the region. Advertising-driven sales of products and services help support 318,871 jobs, or 12.9 percent of the 2,479,275 jobs in the area.
As those of us in the industry prepare for Ad Week DC 2014 , a week-long educational and networking event for professionals in the communications space, the rapidly changing landscape of advertising, marketing and public relations is at the forefront of the conference. The event, taking place September 6-12, is an ideal way for communications professionals to learn from the best in the industry. Our attendees will explore the blended nature of communications today, discover the important role the field plays in an organization’s success, and discuss the changing nature of connecting with key audiences.
In facing this reality, we have made it our vision at the DC Ad Club not to grieve the passing of old advertising practices, but to rejoice in the addition of so many new decision-makers and idea generators in our field. We can all benefit from the creative conceptions of the advertisers, the rigid reality check of the public relations professionals, and the business ingenuity of the marketers.
Together, our impact is staggering.
So, for those in the industry or who are impacted by the strategies we employ, I encourage you to embrace this new change to the ever-evolving advertising industry, with the same open arms to change and innovation that has led all of us to where we are today. It may mean tackling a new skill, being open to constant collaboration, and shedding the confines of our old job description. But we are used to it. We are successful because we never say no to a challenge. We don’t let the boundaries of the past keep us from exploring the future, and we are fearless in the face of the unknown.
Greg Kihlström is founder and chief executive of Carousel30 and the president of the DC Ad Club, a chapter of the American Advertising Federation, an industry organization for area marketing and communications professionals.
Related:

GM to Offer Car That Will Almost Drive ItselfAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Rupee recovers against dollar on sustained fund inflowsForex update: Rupee ends 10 paise up, logs six-week high of 60.29 against dollar
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 18:40 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Indian rupee on Monday appreciated by ten paise to end at a nearly six-week high of 60.29 against the American currency tracking a solid rally in local shares and continued dollar selling by exporters and some banks.
Good inflows also helped the rupee even as the widely tracked dollar index was up 0.10 per cent against six major global rivals, forex dealers said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic currency commenced strong at 60.29 a dollar from last Friday's close of 60.39.
Rupee traded in a narrow range of 60.19 and 60.31, before concluding at its opening level of 60.29 - a rise of ten paise or 0.17 per cent. This is the strongest level since the the rupee had settled at 60.06 on July 30, 2014.
The benchmark S&P Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Monday shot up by 293.15 points, or 1.08 per cent, to log new closing peak of 27,319.85.
FPIs/FIIs infused US $54.16 million last Friday, taking the total to US $710.33 million in the current month so far, as per Sebi data.
In forwards market on Monday, premium continued to close narrowly mixed in recent few days.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in February edged down to 242-244 paise from 242.5-244.5 paise previously while far-forward contracts maturing in August, 2015 rose further to 498-500 paise from 495.5-497.5 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) fixed the reference rate for dollar at 60.2628 and for the euro at 77.9439.
The rupee bounced back with vengeance against the pound to 97.25 from last weekend's close of 98.48 and also recovered to 78.08 per euro crom 78.26.
It, however, remained firm to 57.29 per 100 Japanese yen from 57.41 previously.

Asias short traders face tough sellSeptember 8, 2014 5:56 am
Asia’s short traders face tough sell
By Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f5ea3710-370b-11e4-85be-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex crosses 27 200 to reach new record high; Nifty above 8 100Sensex, Nifty at fresh record highs; oil stocks lead rally
PTI  Mumbai, September 08, 2014
First Published: 10:10 IST(8/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:41 IST(8/9/2014)
Comments
Stock markets on Monday hit fresh highs with Sensex rising 293.15 points and the Nifty surging 87.05 points to end at new peaks on the back of gains in refinery, IT, metal and capital goods shares amid robust fund inflows.
In step with share market, the rupee also firmed up against dollar to hit 60.19 levels intra-day. After opening in positive terrain, the 30-share Sensex continued its upward march and soared to hit intra-day record high of 27,354.99, surpassing its earlier peak of 27,225.85 hit on September 3. The benchmark closed with gain of 293.15 points, or 1.08%, at new closing peak of 27,319.85, bettering earlier record of 27,139.94 (September 3).
The BSE index snapped the losing trend of previous two trading sessions where it had shed over 113 points.
The 50-share NSE rebounded 87.05 points, or 1.08%, to close the day at new record high of 8,173.90, breaching its previous record of 8114.60 hit on September 3.
Intra-day, it also hit a new life-time high of 8,180.20, bettering previous record fo 8,141.90 on September 3.
Overseas funds continued to remain major players on the bourses after Foreign Portfolio Investors bought shares worth Rs. 310.51 crore last Friday, as per provisional data.
"Growth optimism continued to fuel markets. Easing geo-political tension in Ukraine led to Brent crude going below $100," said Dipen Shah, Head-PCG Research, Kotak Securities.
Equity brokers said after two days of consolidation, buying activity gathered momentum ahead of key macro economic data releases, including IIP and inflation, later this week. Gains in Sensex and Nifty were supported by gains in ONGC after Bank of America Merrill Lynch upgraded the stock amid softening global crude oil prices. ONGC was up 2.78%, GAIL gained 0.22% and Cairn India rose 2.24%.
Shares of OMCs BPCL, HPCL and IOC also advanced.
In line with overall trends, RIL jumped over 1%.
Among Sensex stocks, Hindalco stole the showing, rising 3.49%. Overall 26 Sensex stocks ended higher and 4 finished in negative zone. Gainers included Axis Bank, Bajaj Auto, Cipla, HDFC Bank, Hero Moto, ICICI Bank and Infosys.
Sectorwise, the BSE Oil & Gas gained the most by surging 1.79%, followed by FMCG 1.40%, Banking 1.38%, Capital Goods 1.29%, Metal 1.25% and IT 1.22%.
Globally, Asia was mixed in holiday-thinned trade while European stocks dropped on profit-taking.

Will Apple finally unveil its first big thing since Steve Jobs  deathUrgent aid needed. Help Now
San Francisco: It is a marketing strategy that few experts would recommend and even fewer companies can pull off.
But the less Apple says about its eagerly anticipated event on Tuesday at a performing arts center in Silicon Valley, the more frenzied the speculation becomes.
In keeping with its style, Apple has revealed little about what is expected to be the unveiling of the company's first "big thing" since the death of legendary co-founder and driving force Steve Jobs nearly three years ago.
Apple is a proven master of getting more attention by saying nothing than most companies do by pouring money into marketing campaigns.
Invitations sent out to a select crowd had only the date and the cryptic message: "Wish we could say more."
Apple is a proven master of getting more attention by saying nothing than most companies do by pouring money into marketing campaigns.
As long as Apple keeps cranking out must-have devices, silence and selectivity should remain potent weapons in its marketing arsenal, experts say.
"There is the culture of secrecy, which fuels a lot of speculation about what they might be doing," Reticle Research principal analyst Ross Rubin said.
"And there is this expectation that the products they introduce are going to change the game. Backing it up is a really incredible track record dating back to the Apple II (computer)."
The strategy of letting rumor mills crank up expectations puts pressure on Apple to repeatedly wow the world - or risk having events branded as disappointments.
But Apple has been known to reach out behind the scenes to temper grandly unrealistic speculation.
Apple is even seen as becoming slightly more open after the departure in May of Katie Cotton, a communications executive who firmly managed the company's precious image.
In the past two weeks, traditionally taciturn Apple was quick to release statements after hackers swiped nude photos of celebrities from iCloud accounts and in response to a report critical of one of its suppliers in China.
Apple underdog past
Some say that Apple's inclination to lock secrets behind its campus walls stretches back to when Jobs in 1997 returned to the helm of a company that was on the ropes with the world ready to count it out.
A pair of longtime Apple engineers once suggested to AFP that the marketing technique stemmed from Zen Buddhism studied by Jobs, and the notion that media attention is naturally compelled to fill the void left by the company remaining mum.
The practice has been a winner for Apple. No venue seems big enough for its launch events, and it grabs headlines in weeks leading up to and following announcements.
People rush to snap up new Apple gadgets.
Reasons that Apple thrives while being aloof include the technology titan's focus on doing a few products amazingly well, while controlling everything from hardware to operating software and content.
Apple even started making its own chips for mobile devices.
And it dares to shake things up with dramatic changes, like dumping smartphone keyboards in favor of touch screens, according to Rubin.
"In contrast to many other companies, Apple is not afraid to leave the past and legacy technologies behind," the analyst said.
Apple is also carefully calculating when it comes to entering new markets. There have typically been five or so years between new "big things."
"There is so much anticipation because Apple doesn't enter a new product category every day," Rubin said.
"They take their time with the intention of getting it right with the first try."
Tactics backed by hits
Among products Apple got right is the iPhone, which has become the company's main money maker.
Apple profit climbed in the second quarter of this year with strong demand for iPhones, particularly in China, where the company's revenue surged.
Apple said it sold 35.2 million iPhones in the quarter, a rise of nearly 13 percent from the same period a year earlier.
During an earnings call with financial analysts, Apple chief executive Tim Cook boasted "incredible" new products and services were on their way -- but typically, didn't reveal specifics.
"As long as they have hits, they can do no wrong," analyst Rob Enderle of Enderle Group in Silicon Valley said.
Rampant speculation about what Apple may have in store on Tuesday includes larger screen iPhones to ride a "phablet" trend, along with an "iWatch" that taps into the capabilities of iPhones and iPads.
Expectations have been pumped up even more -- if that were possible - by the fact that the event will be held at the same arts center near Apple headquarters where Jobs introduced the Macintosh computer 30 years ago.

Revised Data Show Japan Q2 GDP Shrank More Than ExpectedYou are here: Home Global Economy
Revised Data Show Japan Q2 GDP Shrank More Than Expected
Reuters | Updated On: September 08, 2014 10:12 (IST)
Favouritism in Government Decisions Down; India Improves Global Rank
Tokyo:
Japan's economy shrank an annualised 7.1 per cent in April-June from the previous quarter, more than a preliminary estimate, underscoring concerns the hit from an April increase in the sales tax may have been bigger than expected.
The revised contraction was the biggest since January-March 2009, when the global financial crisis hit Japan's exports and factory output, keeping policymakers under pressure to expand fiscal and monetary stimulus should the economy fail to recover from the disruption of the April tax hike.
"Growth this year will be less than what policymakers are expecting. The BOJ will ease policy in April because inflation will be too low to meet its target," said Takuji Aida, chief economist at Societe Generale Securities.
The revision was largely due to a bigger than expected decrease in capital expenditure and a deeper decline in consumer spending, suggesting the economy could struggle to overcome the April sales tax increase.
GDP was revised down from a preliminary 6.8 per cent drop, according to Cabinet Office data released on Monday, and was more than the median market forecast for a 7.0 per cent decline in a Reuters poll of economists.
On a quarter-to-quarter basis, the economy shrank 1.8 per cent in the second quarter, compared with a preliminary reading of a 1.7 per cent contraction.
Separate data showed the current account swung back into surplus in July, reflecting higher earnings on overseas investments.
The surplus stood at 416.7 billion yen ($3.96 billion), compared with economists' forecast for 444.2 billion yen. That followed a shortfall of 399.1 billion yen in June, which marked the first deficit in five months.
Policymakers had predicted the economy would shrink in the April-June quarter as consumers withheld spending after a shopping spree ahead of the sales tax hike to 8 per cent from 5 per cent on April 1.
But a recent run of weak data, including a slump in household spending and tepid output growth in July, has cast doubt on the policymakers' forecast that the economy will rebound steadily in the current quarter to sustain a moderate recovery.
The pace of growth from July will be crucial to Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's decision, expected by year-end, on whether to proceed with a scheduled second increase in the sales tax to 10 per cent in October next year.
Exports were starting to recover, so as long as the economy expands in July-September Abe is likely to go ahead with the second sales tax increase, Societe Generale's Aida said, but added the government is likely to launch a fiscal stimulus package to soften the tax hike's impact.
If the economic recovery falters, it will also heighten pressure on the BOJ to expand the already massive monetary stimulus that it deployed in April last year to raise the economy out of deflation and reach a 2 per cent inflation target.
The BOJ, which kept monetary policy steady on Thursday, remains unfazed so far by the soft data, arguing that the tax hike-pain is temporary with household spending set to pick up as a tightening job market pushes up wages.
BOJ Governor Haruhiko Kuroda has also expressed confidence the central bank can meet its inflation target sometime in fiscal 2015, but many private-sector economists say it will take longer.
($1 dollar = 105.1800 Japanese yen)
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

German Exports Soar in JulyAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Rupee continues to trade higher post US jobs dataReuters |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 01:04 PM IST
Rupee continues to trade higher post US jobs data
The rupee strengthened to a more than five-week high on Monday, tracking broad overnight losses in the dollar versus major currencies following the weaker-than-anticipated U.S. jobs data.
The rupee is trading at 60.26/27 versus Friday's close of 60.39/40 following weaker-than-expected US jobs data.
 
The RBI is likely buying dollars via state-run banks to prevent further fall in the pair, say traders.
 
Gains in the domestic share market are also weighing on the pair. Nifty is trading up 0.6%.
 
Most other Asian currencies are also trading stronger compared to the dollar.
 
The pair is seen holding in a 60.15 to 60.35 range during the rest of the session.
 Advertisements

Finance groups seek to soothe fears over Scots voteSeptember 8, 2014 1:11 am
Finance groups seek to soothe fears over Scotland vote
By Josephine Cumbo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/110f2d64-3682-11e4-85be-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

5 ways in which the new Moto G (2nd Gen) betters the originalUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: In less than a year of its initial launch, Motorola has upgraded its hot-selling Moto G smartphone. The Moto G was first unveiled in November 2013 and came to the Indian market in February this year. This quicker-than-usual switch to the 2nd generation has raised some questions in the minds of existing Moto G owners and also those who are planning a purchase. We answer the most important one: How better is the Moto G (2nd gen) over the original.
1. Larger screen: The new Moto G looks almost the same as the old one, but has a slightly bigger screen. The new model has a display larger than the old model by 0.5 inches but with the same screen resolution. The 5-inch 720p display on the new Moto G produces good colours and has satisfactory viewing angles. The larger screen with the same screen resolution means a lower pixel density, but practically, there is little difference for a naked eye to notice.
2. Improved cameras: The Moto G (2nd generation) comes with enhanced cameras. The megapixel count on the new Moto G has been upped from 5 megapixel to 8 megapixel for the primary camera, and 1.3 to 2 megapixel for the front camera. I remember telling people in review of the original Moto G earlier this year that the front camera is okay only for video calling, but not for selfies. But now Motorola has filled that gap with the new model.
We answer the most important question here - how better is the Moto G (2nd gen) over the original.
3. Additional storage: A significant improvement in the second-gen Moto G is that it offers expandable storage. The addition of a microSD card slot in the second-gen Moto G indicates that Motorola took the feedback seriously. The original Moto G was criticised for not offering additional storage. The company recommends to use a microSD card of not more than 32GB.
4. Dual speakers: Unlike the old Moto G that came with a speaker grill at the back, the new Moto G has dual speakers at the front that produce fairly loud sound in a normal room environment. However, in a noisy atmosphere, it may not sound as powerful. But with earphones plugged in, the phone produces excellent audio results.
5. Cheaper: Motorola in its new Moto G has upped the specs on many fronts, but what it has not increased is its price - in fact, the phone gets slightly cheaper. The new and improved Moto G (16GB) comes at a price of Rs 12,999, which is Rs 1000 cheaper than its predecessor. (The company has not yet launched the 8GB varaint of the new Moto G.)

Eight steps Narendra Modi government plans to take to provide 24*7 powerCoal
(Goyal said the government…)
NEW DELHI: Stating that the NDA government is committed to ensure affordable 24x7 power for all homes, industrial and commercial establishments and adequate power for farms within five years, Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal has laid out the Modi government's plans to ensure supply of electricity.
Goyal said the government is working towards providing power to the last man standing in the country and has commenced taking various measures for the same. We take a look at eight steps that Goyal outlined for the same:
1) Rationalise coal supplies: Goyal said his ministry is aiming to rationalise supplies by supplying fuel nearest to the plant as well as implement long term measures to raise output. Goyal said that state-run Coal India will spend Rs 5,000 crore to purchase 250 rail rakes for faster evacuation of dry fuel from mines.
The government will also look at appointment of Coal India head breaking from the present system of PSEB appointment to bring greater professional efficiency.
The minister also assured that there will be speedy action after the Supreme Court's decision on illegal coal mine allocation to get the process rolling and enhance coal output to 1 billion tonne by 2019.
2) Coal Regulator: The minister said that the government will bring in a statutory and robust coal regulator to replace the proposed Coal Regulatory Authority.
"A non-statutory regulator was proposed which in my opinion has no meaning because it had no teeth to implement any of its decisions, therefore we are not pursuing a non-statutory coal regulator," Goyal said.
3) Civil nuclear cooperation agreement: The agreement to operationalise civil nuclear cooperation agreement with Australia is likely to be ready in the next 3-4 months, Goyal said.
The pact is significant given that Indian nuclear plants generate around 4,680 MW of power, of which the 2,840 MW was from indigenous uranium while 1,840 MW was from imported fuel.
"The agreement is likely to be ready in next 3-4 months to operationalise civil nuclear cooperation pact with Australia," he said.
4) Tighten surveillance at major coal mines: The government plans to tighten surveillance at all major coal mines to control coal theft. "The government has proposed to establish a national coal dispatch monitoring centre...Moreover, real time surveillance at all major sensitive zones is being planned and reject-based power plant will be set up next to mines, Goyal said.
A proposal for a multi-disciplinary security force is also under consideration, he said.
"The home minister has assured that the government will help us in creating special multi disciplinary task force," the minister said.
Stating that controlling the pilferage as his priority the minister said the government is "setting up surveillance system, CCTVs (all some of the major mines)......and all of this is going to be linked with central monitoring stations at three levels--at the coal company level, at Coal India headquarter level at Kolkata and at Delhi," the minister said.
The government said that in this way there would be three-pronged monitoring of the major coal mines which would ensure coal theft could be reduced.
5) Hydel potential: Announcing a slew of measures for supporting electricity generation in Jammu and Kashmir, Goyal today said the state should study its hydro-power generation potential and develop plants on a fast track basis.
"Have asked the state to prepare a Detailed Project Report (DPR) of its hydel capacity on a fast track basis as hydel plants should be set up in J&K," Goyal said here.
"We can set up solar power plants in the region, we can increase hydel generation in the state and transmit that power to the rest of the country and the state can earn revenue," he said.
  6) Environmental clearances: Government will speed up environment and forest clearances to projects, said Goyal. "We have ensured speedy environmental clearances and steps to protect the environment, renewed thrust to wind power capacity addition and cleared long-pending transmission projects worth Rs 12,272 crore," Goyal said.
Together it would be a major step forward for our vision of 24x7 consistent power, he said.
Green Energy Corridor for evacuation of renewable power is being expedited as well, he said.
7) Gas based capacity: Several steps are being taken to resolve stranded gas based capacity (24,148 MW) issue and plans have been made to use gas primarily to meet peak load demand since electricity generation can be ramped up at a short notice, Goyal said.
8) Solar ultra mega power plant at Sambhar: The Centre is waiting for the state government's clearance for setting up the proposed ultra mega solar power project in Sambhar near Jaipur. "We are ready to implement the project as soon as possible if the state government gives the clearance. We are also ready for setting up project elsewhere to generate solar energy on a large scale if the state government provides us land," he said.
The state government has expressed ecological and environmental concerns about the project in that area which is the prime site for migratory birds and may cast adverse impact on the ecology.
(With inputs from reports filed by PTI)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jihadists want to create  house of blood : UN human rights chiefprint
 The jihadist militants who have seized large swaths of Iraq and Syria are intent upon creating "a house of blood", the UN's new human rights chief said Monday.
In his maiden address to the UN Human Rights Council, Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein lashed out at the Islamic State militant group, which has carved out a stronghold and declared a "caliphate" in an area straddling the border of the two conflict-torn nations.
"The Takfiris (extremists) who recently murdered (US journalist) James Foley and hundreds of other defenceless victims in Iraq and Syria, do they believe they are acting courageously, barbarically slaughtering captives?" the Jordanian prince told the opening of the council's 27th session in Geneva.
The massacres, beheadings, rape and torture attributed to IS militants "reveal only what a Takfiri state would look like, should this movement actually try to govern in the future," said Zaid, the first Muslim and Arab to serve as UN High Commissioner of Human Rights.
"It would be a harsh, mean-spirited house of blood, where no shade would be offered, nor shelter given to any non-Takfiri in their midst," warned the career diplomat.
Read: US not intimidated by Sotloff beheading, says Obama
Annhilation to the rest of humanity
"In the Takfiri mind ... there is no love of neighbour, only annihilation to those Muslims, Christians, Jews and others -- altogether the rest of humanity -- who believe differently to them," Zaid said.
He urged the world to make halting the "increasingly conjoined conflicts in Iraq and Syria" an "immediate and urgent priority."
IS "has demonstrated absolute and deliberate disregard for human rights," Zaid said, stressing that "the scale of its use of brute violence against ethnic and religious groups is unprecedented in recent times."
He warned that attacks by the group motivated by ethnic background or religious beliefs may constitute "a crime against humanity, for which those responsible must be held accountable."
Zaid's speech to the UN's 47-member council came a week after it held an emergency session on the jihadists, deciding to send a fact-finding mission to Iraq to document the extent of their abuses.
Beyond the jihadist threat, the new human rights chief listed a range of other topics to be addressed during the three-week council session. Zaid lashed out at Israel, stressing the need "to end persistent discrimination and impunity" in Gaza, where some 2,140 people were killed during the latest conflict.
"Current and future generations of Palestinians ... have a right to live normal lives in dignity: without conflict, without a blockade, indeed without the wide range of daily human rights infringements that are generated by military occupation," he said.
Read: What is Islamic State and what it wants
Israel's "seven-year blockade must end," he said, also insisting on the right of Israelis to live "free and secure from indiscriminate rocket fire." Zaid also highlighted the plight of migrants around the world, pointing to the nearly 1,900 who have perished trying to cross the Mediterranean so far this year.
"More must be done by the EU and its member states to deal with this tragic situation," he insisted.
He also charged that Australia's practice of turning back vessels carrying migrants was "leading to a chain of human rights violations, including arbitrary detention and possible torture following return to home countries."
And he expressed concern over reports that the United States had detained some of the more than 50,000 unaccompanied children who have arrived in the past year, "fleeing violence and deprivation" in places like El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras.
"Human rights are not reserved for citizens only, or for people with visas," Zaid insisted.

Nithari case: SC stays execution of Surinder KoliAt 1.40am, Supreme Court stays Surinder Koli’s hanging
Bhadra Sinha , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 08, 2014
First Published: 08:48 IST(8/9/2014) | Last Updated: 00:44 IST(9/9/2014)
Comments
The Supreme Court on Monday stayed the execution of Nithari serial killer Surinder Koli, who had confessed to killing and eating the flesh of several children at a house in Noida’s Nithari village, after he moved an urgent plea for his review petition to be heard in open court.
Koli’s plea is based on a recent Supreme Court verdict ending a 60-year-old practice of hearing review petitions in the privacy of judges’ chambers, where advocates are not allowed to present their arguments.
A three-judge bench held a hearing at 1.40am on Monday and stayed his execution for a week.
“Considering the urgency of the matter, we stay the execution of the death sentence of applicant/ petitioner for a period of one week from today,” the bench ordered.
The order was immediately communicated to authorities at Meerut jail, where he was imprisoned.
Koli and his employer Moninder Singh Pandher, a Noida businessman, were arrested in 2006 for the gruesome killing of several children and dumping their remains in the backyard of Pandher’s house at Nithari village in Noida.
Police recovered 17 skeletal remains of children from the house that was dubbed by the media as the “house of horrors”.
A lower court sentenced Koli to death in 2005 for the murder of 14-year-old Rimpa Halder, one of the victims, a decision that was upheld by the Allahabad High Court and the Supreme Court.
The high court, however, acquitted Pandher in the same case. On July 24, the SC turned down Koli’s review petition and the President too rejected his mercy petition.
He was to be hanged on Monday. Asian Centre for Human Rights director and coordinator of the National Campaign for the Abolition of Death Penalty in India Suhas Chakma welcomed the order, saying it would help in further investigation of the murders.
“The family members of victims in 11 other pending cases against Koli will be deprived of justice if he is to be executed before conclusion of these trials.
Further, Koli is the only witness in six cases pending against Moninder Singh Pandher for the  killings. The only witness obviously cannot be executed before the end of the trials... otherwise, the court will be inadvertently favouring Pandher,” said Chakma.
Later in the day, in an apparent reference to the order passed after midnight, Chief Justice of India R M Lodha lauded the steps taken by the apex court in urgent matters.
“If the court can sit at even 2am, it means the system in working better,” he observed.

Board of Karnataka Bank appoints directorBoard of Karnataka Bank appoints director
Samsung s most expensive Galaxy Note 4 smartphone priced at Rs 56 000After sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

India to control fiscal  pitches for rating ...You are here: Home > Collections
India pitches for rating upgrade, says will keep fiscal in check
PTI Sep 8, 2014, 04.13PM IST
("They have concerns about…)
NEW DELHI: Pitching for the country's rating upgrade, Finance Ministry officials today informed credit ratings agency Moody's that the Budget 2014-15 has provided an impetus to growth and the government is taking steps to keep the fiscal deficit under check.
"We presented our case. The growth is coming back. The budget has strong growth impulses and response of the economy is positive. They have concerns about fiscal deficit. We explained that we will be able to maintain target," Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram told reporters after meeting with the representatives of the Moody's.
He further said that revenue buoyancy was good and even multilateral agencies like International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank were optimistic about India's growth prospects.
Moody's has assigned 'Baa3' rating on India, with a stable outlook, which suggests the possibility of an upgrade.
According to Moody's, the rating "reflects high domestic savings and adequate foreign exchange reserves and the challenges posed by large fiscal deficits, recurrent inflation and weak infrastructure".
Admitting that inflation was a matter of concern in view of the poor monsoon, Mayaram said: "We have told them, we are taking care of the requirements (of food items). We have adequate stock so that if monsoon is below normal and if production is marginally down then our stocks are adequate to take care of contingency. We will be able to manage it."
Moreover, he added, the government has set up an Expenditure Management Commission which would look at broad contours of subsidy rationalisation.
Headed by former Reserve Bank Governor Bimal Jalan, the Commission is required to submit its interim report before the Budget for 2015-16 and final report in early 2016.
Improved performance of mining, manufacturing and services sector has pushed India's economic growth rate to two-and-half years high of 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter, a development which the Finance Ministry expects to continue for rest of the fiscal.
Representatives of another rating agency Standard & Poor's had met Finance Ministry officials on August 12. They had informed S&P about the government's road map to reduce fiscal deficit to 3 per cent of GDP by 2016--17.
As regards the current fiscal, the government proposes to bring down the fiscal deficit to 4.1 per cent of the GDP from 4.5 per cent a year ago.
S&P currently rates India as 'BBB--', the lowest in the investment grade, with a negative outlook.
The representative of Fitch, which has affirmed India's long--term foreign and local currency issuer default rating (IDR) at 'BBB--' with stable outlook, indicating low default risk, too are expected to meet Finance Ministry officials shortly.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lanco cuts down workforce by 30% due to slow...You are here: Home > Collections
Lanco Infratech cuts down workforce by 30 per cent due to slowdown
PTI Sep 8, 2014, 03.47PM IST
Tags:
Griffin Coal Mining Company
(The group spent Rs 353 cr…)
HYDERABAD: Lanco Infratech , which has interests in infrastructure, power and realty segments, retrenched 30 per cent of its 5,700 workforce during the last financial year due to slowdown in development of some of its projects amid subdued market conditions.
According to the latest annual report of the infra major, the group, which had a workforce of 5,700 by the end of March 2013, cut down its workforce to 4,000 by the end of March this year. By the end of FY12, it had nearly 8,000 employees, the report said.
"During the year 2013-14, employee benefits expenses decreased by 38 per cent over the previous year. The decrease was on account of fall in the total number of employees in the group due to a slowdown in the development of future projects as a result of a slowdown in economic activity in the country," Lanco said in its annual report.
The group spent Rs 353 crore on salaries, allowances and benefits to employees during FY14 as against 549 crore in FY13, as per the data in the annual report.
On a consolidated basis, the company reported gross revenues of Rs 10,597.85 crore in 2013-14 as against Rs 13,887.66 crore in the previous year.
Net loss after tax and adjustment of minority interest and share of profits of associates was Rs 2,273.88 crore, as against Rs 1,073.30 crore for the year 2012-13.
Gross interest and finance charges, on a consolidated basis, amounted to Rs 2,762.12 crore in comparison to Rs 2,421.44 crore due to increase in loans and working capital requirements for project execution, the report said.
On the Griffin Coal Mining Company , which is Lanco's Australian subsidiary, the report said that steps are underway to reach a short-term production target of 5 million tonnes by March 2015.
Production at the mine during 2013-14 was 2.83 metric tonnes with sales of 2.95 metric tonne.
"Capacity enhancement programme has been raised to 15 metric tonne per annum and it is in the planning phase. The company also recently received environmental clearance to develop a new berth (Berth 14 A) at Bunbury port to export coal from Griffin," it said.
However, Griffin Coal suffered a net loss of Rs 714 crore on a Rs 681 crore revenue during the last financial year due to higher construction, development and generation expenses, the annual report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi: BJP leader in AAP  sting tape  rejects horse-trading chargesAAP releases 'bribe video' , BJP denies poaching charges
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 08, 2014
First Published: 12:13 IST(8/9/2014) | Last Updated: 21:45 IST(8/9/2014)
Comments
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) on Monday accused a senior Delhi Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader of trying to bribe an AAP legislator to switch sides and help the BJP form a government in the capital, but the BJP’s local unit washed its hands off the controversy.
 
AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal released a sting video purportedly showing Delhi BJP vice president Sher Singh Dagar offering Rs. 4 crore to AAP MLA Dinesh Mohaniya amid reports that the BJP was preparing to form the government in Delhi, which has been under president’s rule since February.
 
Mohania was allegedly told he could contest the election on a BJP ticket and even if he lost, he would be given chairmanship of any government-run board.
 
Neither the BJP nor the AAP have a majority to form a government in Delhi: the BJP is the single largest party in Delhi with 28 MLAs in the 67-member house, while the AAP has 27 members and the Congress only eight. There are four other members in the house.
 
Reports said the BJP looked set to receive an invitation from lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung any time and the party was likely to prove its majority on the floor of the house in a secret ballot.
 
Monday’s allegations are likely to weigh on any decision by the lieutenant governor on whether to call the BJP to form the next government in Delhi.
Video: Sting captures senior BJP leader trying to bribe AAP MLA
Rs. 4 crore.'>
“Under any circumstances, we are not going to allow the BJP to form the government by using illegal means," Kejriwal said at a press conference. He added that said raw footage of the sting operation will be submitted to the Supreme Court which is set to hear a Delhi Assembly case on Tuesday.
 
Sources said the AAP wanted to discredit the BJP and stall any effort to form a government. The AAP has been pressing for fresh elections because its internal assessment shows it can improve its 2013 tally of 28 seats.
 
“Only the L-G can say what will be done. Only he can take any decision," Home Minister Rajnath Singh said when asked about the political situation in Delhi.
 
The BJP’s Delhi unit distanced itself from the controversy, but sought an explanation from Dagar. “The party has nothing to do with the entire episode,” said a senior BJP leader.
 
“We have sought an explanation from Dagar. He had not gone to meet the AAP MLA, rather he had approached BJP. Dagar is anyway not authorised to take a decision on anyone wishing to join the party,” said Satish Upadhyay, Delhi BJP president.
 
Dagar said Mohania had approached him to join the BJP: “If someone visits me, how can I not attend to the person?”  He also said he will quit politics if the charges were proved.
What do you think about the controversy regarding the Delhi government? Take our survey and tell us:

Making It Big: How KEC International was builtSep 08, 2014, 04.04 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Making It Big: How KEC International was built
To hell and back sums up of the story of KEC International, an EPC major engaged in power T&D, cables, railways and water businesses. Ramesh Chandak, MD & CEO of this 70-year-old RPG Group company, talks about the challenges of turning around this company, which was almost written off and growing it 16-fold in 14 years’ time.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Making It Big: How KEC International was built
To hell and back sums up of the story of KEC International, an EPC major engaged in power T&D, cables, railways and water businesses. Ramesh Chandak, MD & CEO of this 70-year-old RPG Group company, talks about the challenges of turning around this company, which was almost written off and growing it 16-fold in 14 years’ time.
Post your opinion here
Making It Big
To hell and back sums up of the story of KEC International , an EPC major engaged in power transmission and distribution, cables, railways and water businesses. Ramesh Chandak, MD & CEO of this 70-year-old RPG Group company, talks about the challenges of turning around this company, which was almost written off and growing it 16-fold in 14 years’ time -- a very engaging story that has become a case study in some B-Schools.
KEC Intl stock price
On September 10, 2014, KEC International closed at Rs 107.50, up Rs 1.10, or 1.03 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 153.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 24.10.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 4.07 per share as per the quarter ended March 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 26.41. The latest book value of the company is Rs 40.15 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.68.
RELATED NEWS

D.C. electric bike start-up picking up speedBy J.D. Harrison August 4 Follow @jd_harrison
In what would normally be considered the living room, the only furniture is a faded green couch along one wall. In the corner, where a television might have stood, several tool kits and cardboard boxes sit on the floor, a mix of wrenches and screwdrivers scattered around them.
In place of a coffee table, two seemingly standard bike frames, one with only a single wheel attached, take up most of the space in the center of the room. Nearby, in what should be the dining room, you will find a table, but not an ordinary one. Instead, a pair of doors, which were found on the side of the road and have since been painted hot pink, have been propped up and laid flat to form a large work space.
Jeff Stefanis and Amber Wason admit that it’s not your typical start-up headquarters , this old row house they found near Howard University’s campus in the District. But then, on closer inspection, these two entrepreneurs aren’t building your typical bikes, either.
Stefanis and Wason, graduates of Georgetown University and George Washington University, respectively, are the founders of Riide, a company making a hybrid electric bike for urban commuters.
Stefanis and Wason were introduced by a friend two years ago and discovered a shared interest in both entrepreneurship and biking, as well as a shared frustration with the traffic-riddled plight of traveling around their new city. During a visit to China, Stefanis saw that electric bikes were helping alleviate some of those problems in cities abroad, and he and Wason started trying to figure why such two-wheelers hadn’t caught on in the United States.
“We came to the conclusion that they weren’t popular here because nobody had done it right,” he said. “So we set out to do it right.”
Most electric bikes out on the market, he explained, have been built for and marketed to baby boomers who were once avid cyclists but no longer have the strength and stamina to pedal long distances. Most electrical bikes here are bulky, with a sizable motor and battery stuck behind the seat, and because they tend to weigh around 70 pounds, peddling them the old-fashioned way for any extended period of time is taxing.
So, with plenty of assistance from engineering students and several mentors at Georgetown, Stefanis and Wason built the Riide, which looks (and can operate) like a standard bicycle, but has a small battery built inside the frame. The bike weighs 35 pounds, and riders have the option of pedaling, twisting a throttle to call on the electricity, or doing both at the same time to reach speeds of more than 20 miles per hour.
The founders, who assemble every bike inside their row house headquarters, have incorporated a regenerative braking system that recharges the battery whenever riders apply the brakes.
“We basically taught ourselves how to design and build bikes by working with people in the industry, spending countless hours on the phone and doing research online,” said Stefanis, who studied entre­pre­neur­ship in college , while Wason majored in business.
“It was nose-to-the-grindstone for a long time, you know, the unsexy part of entrepreneurship,” he added. “I can’t say it was a fun summer, but we learned a lot and it’s definitely been worth it.”
After bootstrapping for more than a year and tinkering with a prototype last fall, the pair settled on an initial design and raised a small round of financing from friends and family. In January, they started an online crowdfunding campaign through the Web site Kickstarter with a goal of raising another $50,000.
Not 24 hours later, they had already exceeded that goal. Stefanis and Wason have now raised $117,000 through the online campaign and have taken pre-orders for 120 bikes.
Of course, now they have to build them, and for that, they’ll need more assembly space than the living room. Next week, they will move into a 1,400-square-foot garage behind the house that had for a half century served as an auto repair shop. It’s there that they and a small team of mechanics will start churning out dozens of $1,799 Riides, with delivery expected to begin in September.
Stefanis and Wason have also hired some help on the sales front, bringing in their first three employees — one from the University of Maryland and two from George Washington — a few months ago to start testing different marketing strategies around the region.
“We’re taking the bikes out to community events, holding test rides at residential buildings, going to food truck stops, basically experimenting with various sales channels,” said Wason, who previously worked for the D.C. Department of Transportation and helped roll out the Circulator bus line. She noted that the Riide team plans to travel to California this winter to try to break into new markets on the West Coast.
So, might this young company — which would seem right at home in Silicon Valley — consider moving out west? It certainly doesn’t sound that way, not with the way Wason describes her long-term vision for their charmingly quirky headquarters in Washington.
Once they have moved all the manufacturing operations into the garage, she and Stefanis plan to start transforming the inside of the row house into office space , and they hope to take over the second floor of the building and add a connecting corridor out to the garage.
In the courtyard alongside the building, Wason says she wants to add cafe tables and graffiti art, creating create a common area where Riide employees and local residents can work and mingle. Someday, she would like to add a showroom in the front of the building.
“We have a grand vision,” Wason said while standing in the currently barren courtyard, staring up at the side of the house. “We have to, we’re entrepreneurs.”
Follow J.D. Harrison and On Small Business on Twitter.
J.D. Harrison covers startups, small business and entrepreneurship, with a focus on public policy, and he manages the Post's On Small Business blog.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business, subsection=on-small-business}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=3, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=15, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: {allow_comments=true, allow_photos=false, allow_videos=false, comments_period=14, comments_source=washpost.com, default_sort=, default_tab=, display_comments=true, is_ugc_gallery=false, max_items_to_display=15, max_items_to_display_top=3, moderation_required=false, stream_id=}!!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=3, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=15, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1406918176/1406918176000/1406918176 tracking: {authors=J.D. Harrison, content_category=CapitalBusiness, in_url_headline=d-c-electric-bike-start-up-picking-up-speed, section={section=business, subsection=on-small-business}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true, ugc={allow_comments=true, allow_photos=false, allow_videos=false, comments_period=14, comments_source=washpost.com, default_sort=, default_tab=, display_comments=true, is_ugc_gallery=false, max_items_to_display=15, max_items_to_display_top=3, moderation_required=false, stream_id=}} allow_comments: false published_date:Aug 1, 2014 6:36:16 PM close date: Aug 15, 2014 6:36:16 PM

U.S. CEOs may participate in Vibrant Gujarat Summit next yearU.S. CEOs may participate in Vibrant Gujarat Summit next year
Our Bureau
Tweet
Gandhinagar, Sept 8:  
Evincing interest in the forthcoming Vibrant Gujarat Summit as a global business platform, the CEOs of some American companies are likely to attend the mega event here in January 2015.
A State Government delegation, led by Bharat Lal, Resident Commissioner, New Delhi, visited Canada and the US cities, including Chicago and Illinois, last week, to meet with the business community, investors and NRIs in this regard, a government official said here on Monday.
Notably, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is scheduled to meet US President Barack Obama next month in Washington. He is expected to pitch for American participation in Vibrant Gujarat which has been his brainchild since 2003 while he was the Gujarat Chief Minister. Modi is expected to inaugurate the high-profile event in January next year.
The Gujarat delegation focused on encouraging partnership for better education and skill development, and creates opportunities for the people of Gujarat. Its members met with representatives of major companies and education institutions in Illinois.
The US-India Business Council (USIBC) is expected to bring a delegation of American businessmen to the Vibrant Gujarat Summit to explore possible areas of business and collaboration.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Railways to hire 76 000 this fiscalRailways to hire 76,000 this fiscal
Shishir Sinha
Railways Minister D.V.Sadananda Gowda with Minister of State, Manoj Sinha, addressing a press conference in New Delhi on Monday. Photo: Ramesh Sharma
To finalise policy for setting up solar panels on rooftop of all its buildings
New Delhi, Sept 8:  
The Indian Railways plans to hire 76,000 in the current fiscal year ending March 31, 2015.
The Railways has decided to finalise a policy within a month for setting up of solar panel on all buildings and railway stations through public-private partnership. It will also set up short duration committee on resources mobilisation. All these were announced in a press conference to mark 100 days of the Government.
Employment
The Rail Ministry said that a total of 16,299 candidates out of the targeted 76,000 have been empanelled for recruitment in Indian Railways during the last three months (June-August).
Over 300 ex-servicemen have also been empanelled during the year. Since Railways employs around 55,000 people in Group B service and 19 to 20,000 in Group C every year, all those empanelled are likely to be absorbed in this year itself.
The Railways currently employs 13.1 lakh people.
Energy Conservation
After proposing installation of solar panels on the rooftops of all railway buildings and stations across the nation, the Railway Minister D Sadanand Gowda said a comprehensive policy for implementation is being prepared and the same would be finalised within a month. “The work of installing the solar panel is likely to start by the end of the year,” he said while adding that work on installing solar panels on the Katra Railway Station (Jammu & Kashmir) has begun and will be completed by December.
Resource augmentation
Gowda said that his ministry is working hard to see whatever announced in the Rail Budget is implemented and more resources are mobilised. “We will be setting up a short duration committee on resource mobilisation which would basically give immediately implementable recommendations so that we are in a position to mobilise the funds for various projects,” he announced.
The Railways has proposed Plan outlay of Rs 65,445 crore for the current fiscal. This will be include gross budgetary support of Rs 30,100 crore, railway safety fund of Rs 2,200 crore and internal resources of Rs 15,350 crore. While market borrowing is estimated at Rs 11,790 crore and Rs 6,005 crore is expected to be mobilised through PPP.
One of the key means to mobilise resources would be foreign direct investment. The Minister said that the FDI will come in handy for the big ticket projects such as high speed rail as well as for the remaining portion of the Dedicated Freight Corridor apart from capacity augmentation projects like doubling and introduction of Automatic Signalling System. The Chairman of the Railway Board Arunendra Kumar said that though no target has been fixed the Ministry is getting many enquiries and interest from various parties.
Key Initiatives of Indian Railways
Passenger numbers increased by 4.73%, earnings by 23%, freight loading by 12.3% and freight earning increased by 23% in last three months
Rail-cum-road ticket introduced to provide seamless travel up to Kashmir
Plan to introduce single ticket from any where in the country up to Kashmir, passenger, going to Vaisno Devi may be provided facility to travel in same coach up to Katra
176 unmanned level crossing eliminated, 52 manned level crossing closed. Works for the construction of 249 Railway Under Bridge and 30 Railway Over Bridge have been taken up against the target of 130 and 25.
Yatri Ticket Sewa Kendra Scheme for reservation facility under PPP to be launched in 2-3 weeks
Major Cleanliness Campaign on October 2
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Sensex  Nifty end at fresh record highsMarket update: Sensex, Nifty end at new peak, up 1 per cent each
Agencies     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 17:56 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
After two-day of small correction, both the roaring key indices, Sensex and Nifty, went berserk, scaling their fresh historic peaks and rocketed by over one per cent each to register their new highs of 27,319.85 and 8,173.90 respectively on enhancing confidence among investors on sustained buying by foreign funds and fall in crude prices.
The benchmark S&P Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Monday resumed strong on the back of rally on Wall Street last Friday to log a life-time closing high of 27,319.85.
The 30-share barometer gradually moved up further to an intra-trade peak of 27,354.99 before spurting by 293.15 points, or 1.08 per cent, to end at a new high. In the last two trading sessions , it had risen by 113.33 points or 0.42 per cent.
Tracking the same trend, the broad-based 50-share Nifty of the National Stock Exchange (NSE) also commenced higher and rallied further to hit a new intra-day peak of 8,180.20 before recording new closing high of 8,173.90, up by 87.05 points (or 1.08 per cent).
Oil & Gas shares were at the forefront after fall in global crude oil prices after subdued US jobs data fuelled demand concerns and a cease-fire between Russia and Ukraine.
Brent crude oil for October settlement was trading above US $100 a barrel.
It will help the country to contain current account deficit and fiscal deficit. The country imports nearly 80 per cent of its crude oil requirements.
Persistant buying by foreign funds was the major force behind the current rally. The data showed that FPIs/FIIs bought shares worth Rs 4,813.38 crore last week, including provisional data of September 5.
Buying was seen in most of the sectors, as 11 out of 12 sectoral indices gained between 0.26 per cent and 1.79 per cent with Oil&Gas, FMCG, Bankex, Metal and IT shares taking the lead.
Tyre shares were in the limelight on hopes that recent sharp fall in rubber prices could boost the profitability of these companies. Apollo Tyres , Ceat Tyres, Dunlop India, Falcon Tyre, Goodyear India, JK Tyres, MRF and TVS Shrichakra closed strong between 4.92 per cent and 20.00 per cent.
Refinery shares were also attracted good buying support on fall in crude prices amid hopes of further reforms. HPCL, BPCL, Castrol, IOC, ONGC, Oil India, Cairn and RIL rose between 1.65 per cent and 4.32 per cent.
Meanwhile, investors got rich by almost Rs 1.25 lakh crore on Monday.
Mr Jignesh Chaudhary, Head of Research, Veracity Broking Services said, "Today Indian equity opened positively followed by the Rupee appreciation, positive sentiments in the global equities. Today indices posted new all time high with the help of blue chip companies which closed positively."
There was no major trigger from Asian markets, as China, South Korea and Taiwan were closed today for holiday while indices from Hong Kong eased by 0.20 per cent and Taiwan rose by 0.23 per cent. European stocks too were trading lower in their late morning deals. The CAC was down by 0.25 per cent, the DAX by 0.06 per cent and the FTSE by 0.69 per cent.
Overall, 26 of the 30-share sensex-based counters closed with gains while M&M, NTPC, Tata Power and HDFC finished with losses.
Major gainers were Hindalco (3.49 per cent), ONGC (2.78 per cent), SBI (1.94 per cent), HDFC Bank (1.80 per cent), Wipro (1.66 per cent), HUL (1.65 per cent), TCS (1.50 per cent), Infosys (1.29 per cent), RIL (1.19 per cent), Axis Bank (1.18 per cent), Maruti (1.12 per cent), Cipla, (1.09 per cent), L&T (1.02 per cent) , SSLT (0.98 per cent), Sun Pharma (0.96 per cent) and ITC (0.96 per cent).
Among the S&P BSE Sectoral indices, Oil&Gas firmed up by 1.79 per cent, FMCG by 1.40 per cent, followed by Bankex (1.38 per cent), CG (1.29 per cent), Metal (1.25 per cent), IT (1.22 per cent) and Teck (1.20 per cent).
Reflecting the rally in second-line stocks with their indices BSE-Smallcap and BSE-Midcap outperforming the sensex and closed strong by 2.11 per cent and 1.29 per cent, resulting the total market to remain strong as 2,081 stocks closed in the green while 947 settled in the red.

Rail minister Sadananda Gowda’s son gets bail in alleged rape casePrint
Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: September 8, 2014 5:13 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 7:46 pm
Union Railway Minister DV Sadananda Gowda ‘s son Karthik Gowda was granted anticipatory bail under certain conditions by the VIII City Civil and Sessions Court, Bangalore, on Monday.
City police had booked him for alleged rape and cheating two weeks ago based on a complaint lodged by a model and Kannada actor.
Judge GB Mudigowder on Monday granted bail to Karthik Gowda and directed him to produce a Rs 2 lakh security bond with two sureties. He was also asked to appear before the investigating officer whenever summoned and to visit the RT Nagar Police station twice a month. Gowda was warned that the bail may be cancelled if he didn’t cooperate with the police investigation into the case or tampered with evidence or influenced witnesses.
Counsel representing the victim said that they are going to challenge the court order before High Court on Wednesday.
The relief came to Karthik Gowda three days after a magistrate court issued arrest warrant against him with the police declaring him an absconder and forming teams to trace him even as the sessions court heard his anticipatory bail plea.
The judge had on Saturday last posted the case for Monday for his order.
“We have lot of evidences, so we will challenge this order in the High Court on Wednesday. We have decided to go for cancellation of bail on Wednesday,” counsel for the model-turned-actress Akarsh S Kanade told reporters here.
Opposing the bail plea of Gowda’s son, the actress’ lawyer had told the court earlier that he should not be given relief as he is a very influential person who may destroy evidence.
On September 5, the eighth Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate court had issued arrest warrant against Karthik. The actress had claimed she and Karthik got married at Gowda’s residence in Mangalore in June in the presence of the driver of Gowda’s son.
She has made several claims in the case giving different twists and turns with her purported telephonic conversation with Karthik being released to the media.
(With PTI inputs)

Nawaz Sharif visits flood-ravaged PoKThe rains have triggered landslides and flash floods killing hundreds of people in large swathes of northern India and Pakistan. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Posted: September 8, 2014 5:01 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 5:06 pm
On Monday Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif   visited flood-ravaged Pakistan-occupied Kashmir (PoK) for a first-hand assessment of the devastation caused by torrential rains which claimed the lives of 64 people and left several displaced.
Sharif made an aerial survey of the flood-hit areas in Rawlakot and asked authorities to expedite relief works for early rehabilitation of affected people.
The Prime Minister also distributed compensation amount among victim families, Radio Pakistan reported.
He expressed grief over loss of lives in the floods and assured that the government will take care of those hit by the calamity.
Four days of incessant showers left a trail of death and destruction in the PoK and Punjab, claiming the lives of 200 people and leaving many marooned.
In the mountainous PoK, the devastating floods have claimed 64 lives and injured 109.
The swirling flood waters and landslides have damaged several bridges, houses and snapped road and communication links.
During the visit, Sharif also announced that Rawalpindi- Muzaffarabad train project will be completed in two years.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi had yesterday wrote to Sharif offering assistance to victims of the devastation caused by the torrential rains and floods in PoK.

Top Microsft China exec Yaqin "defects" to r...Top Microsoft China executive Zhang Yaqin "defects" to rival Baidu
Sep 8, 2014, 04.40PM IST
Tags:
Baidu
(Yaqin currently serves…)
BEIJING: A top executive of Microsoft China is set to join the rival Chinese search engine Baidu amid anti-monopoly probe by the authorities against the American multinational.
Zhang Yaqin , a protege of Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates , would be named President for new business and become an integral part of the company's senior management, Hong Kong based South China Morning Post reported today.
He would report directly to Robin Li Yanhong , the co-founder, chairman and chief executive of Baidu.
Zhang helped the firm establish its biggest technology research operation outside the US. He currently serves as a corporate vice-president and the chairman of Microsoft Asia-Pacific Research and Development Group, headquartered here.
Zhang leads more than 3,000 engineers and scientists engaged in basic research, technology innovations and incubation, product development and strategic partnerships, the report said.
Zhang's resignation from Microsoft was expected to be announced by the company this week, it said.
The "defection" comes amid the anti-trust trust investigations launched by the Chinese regulators who early this month had given 20 days to explain the allegations.
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella is expected to visit China in the coming days to take stock of the situation.
For Baidu, hiring the distinguished scientist will likely give the company a greater profile in technological innovation as competition intensifies against mainland rivals Alibaba, the world's biggest e-commerce services provider, and Tencent, Asia's largest-listed Internet company, the report said.
Zhang's departure could mark a big blow to Microsoft's operations on the mainland in the face of the investigations.
His decision to leave Microsoft reportedly was made before the anti-monopoly probe was launched, it said.
He has been Microsoft's go-to guy when there are changes in senior management at the company's Greater China operations, which includes Hong Kong and Taiwan.
The State Administration for Industry and Commerce, one of China's three anti-monopoly regulators, said last month that Microsoft had been suspected of violating anti-trust law since June last year in relation to problems with compatibility, bundling and document authentication for its Windows operating system and Microsoft Office software.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US plan to destroy ISIS may take 3 yrs to co...US plan to destroy ISIS may take three years to complete
New York Times Sep 8, 2014, 04.56PM IST
Tags:
By Eric Schmitt , Michael R. Gordon and Helene Cooper
WASHINGTON: The Obama administration is preparing to carry out a campaign against the Islamic State that may take three years to complete - requiring a sustained effort that could last until after President Barack Obama has left office, according to senior administration officials.
The first phase, an air campaign with nearly 145 airstrikes in the past month, is already underway to protect ethnic and religious minorities and US diplomatic, intelligence and military personnel, and their facilities, as well as to begin rolling back Islamic State gains in northern and western Iraq.
The next phase, which would begin sometime after Iraq forms a more inclusive government, scheduled this week, is expected to involve an intensified effort to train, advise or equip the Iraqi military, Kurdish fighters and possibly members of Sunni tribes.
The final, toughest and most politically controversial phase of the operation - destroying the terrorist army in its sanctuary inside Syria - might not be completed until the next administration. Indeed, some Pentagon planners envision a military campaign lasting at least 36 months.
Obama will use a speech to the nation Wednesday to make his case for launching a US-led offensive against Sunni militants gaining ground in the Middle East, seeking to rally support for a broad military mission while reassuring the public he is not plunging US forces into another Iraq War.
"What I want people to understand," Obama said in an interview with NBC's "Meet the Press" that was broadcast Sunday, "is that over the course of months, we are going to be able to not just blunt the momentum" of the militants. "We are going to systematically degrade their capabilities; we're going to shrink the territory that they control; and, ultimately, we're going to defeat them," he added.
The military campaign Obama is preparing has no obvious precedent. Unlike US counterterrorism operations in Yemen and Pakistan, it is not expected to be limited to drone strikes against militant leaders. Unlike the war in Afghanistan , it will not include the use of ground troops, which Obama has ruled out.
Unlike the Kosovo war that President Bill Clinton and NATO nations waged in 1999, it will not be compressed into an intensive 78-day tactical and strategic air campaign. And unlike the air campaign that toppled the Libyan leader, Moammar Gadhafi , in 2011, the Obama administration is no longer "leading from behind," but plans to play the central role in building a coalition to counter the Islamic State.
"We have the ability to destroy ISIL," Secretary of State John Kerry said last week at the NATO summit meeting in Wales , using an alternative name for the militant group. "It may take a year, it may take two years, it may take three years. But we're determined it has to happen."
Antony Blinken, Obama's deputy national security adviser, has suggested that the United States is undertaking a prolonged mission. "It's going to take time, and it will probably go beyond even this administration to get to the point of defeat," Blinken said last week on CNN.
Kerry is scheduled to head for the Middle East soon to solidify the anti-Islamic State coalition. And Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel is traveling to Ankara, Turkey, on Monday to woo another potential ally in the fight against the Sunni militant group.
Although details of how the emerging coalition would counter the Islamic State remain undecided, several US officials said that they believe the list of allies so far includes Jordan , offering intelligence help, and Saudi Arabia, which has influence with Sunni tribes in Iraq and Syria and which has been funding moderate Syrian rebels.
The United Arab Emirates , officials said, has also indicated a willingness to consider airstrikes in Iraq. Germany has said it would send arms to peshmerga fighters in Kurdistan. And rising concern over foreign fighters returning home from Syria and Iraq may also have spurred Britain, Australia, France and Denmark to join the alliance.
Administration officials acknowledged, however, that getting those same countries to agree to airstrikes in Syria was proving harder.
"Everybody is on board Iraq," an administration official said, speaking on condition of anonymity because the policy is still being developed. "But when it comes to Syria, there's more concern" about where airstrikes could lead.
The official nonetheless expressed confidence that the countries would eventually come around to taking the fight into Syria, in part, he said, because "there's really no other alternative."

Free lectures in schools  colleges mandatory for scientistsNEW DELHI, September 8, 2014
Updated: September 8, 2014 17:19 IST
Free lectures in schools, colleges mandatory for scientists
Gargi Parsai
PTI Jitendra Singh, Union Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Science & Technology and Earth Sciences, addressing the media in New Delhi on Monday.
TOPICS
universities and colleges
The Centre has decided to make it mandatory for scientists and researchers of the Departments of Science and Technology, Earth Sciences and the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research to undertake 12 hours of lecture classes in schools and colleges in an academic year.
“Scientists who are mostly confined to their labs will share their talent and experience for free as part of their duties, to inculcate in young students a scientific temper and to bring S and T into a larger domain,’’ Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Science and Technology, Earth Sciences Jitendra Singh said in New Delhi on Monday.
“The experiment will also help catch young talent,’’ he added.
The CSIR system and the DST have between them about 6,000 scientists and researchers on their rolls.
Dr. Singh, who is also a Minister of State in Prime Minister’s Office, said the performance of the scientists and researchers shall be evaluated every three years. “It will be mandatory for them to deliver 12 hours of lecture every year to Class IX and under-graduate college students. The scientist will devise a methodology in his or her area of expertise to make the subject interesting for students,’’ he said at a press conference.
For this, the departments and particularly the public funded national institutes, will enter into an agreement with schools and colleges. The Ministry of Human Research Development will collaborate with concerned departments in this endeavour.
“The programme shall be reviewed annually and we shall present to the nation a report card,’’ said the Minister, who was flanked by the Secretaries of the Department of Science and Technology and Earth Sciences and the Director-General of CSIR at the press conference.
At the same time, a special promotion scheme for women scientists, KIRAN (Knowledge and Involvement in Research Advancement through Nurturing), will allow public sector institutions to make alternate offers to women who have had a break in their career or have had a change of residence.
“This is for gender parity and to bring forward women in leadership positions,’’ Dr. Singh said. “We will try to have a mobility mechanism for women scientists who have had a change of residence to enable them to continue in their positions. The government does not want to lose trained women scientists for such reasons.’’
To a comment that the scheme looked like “old wine in a new bottle’’, he quipped, “this is new wine in a new bottle.’’
“Having earlier schemes does not mean we cannot have any programme of our own. This government is as much entitled to worry about women as anyone else.’’

God particle  could destroy the universe: Stephen Hawkingprint
The elusive 'God particle' discovered by scientists in 2012 has the potential to destroy the universe, famed British physicist Stephen Hawking has warned.
According to Hawking, 72, at very high energy levels the Higgs boson, which gives shape and size to everything that exists, could become unstable.
This, he said, could cause a "catastrophic vacuum decay" that would lead space and time to collapse, 'Express.co.uk' reported.
"The Higgs potential has the worrisome feature that it might become megastable at energies above 100bn giga-electron-volts (GeV)," Hawking wrote in the preface to a new book called Starmus.
"This could mean that the universe could undergo catastrophic vacuum decay, with a bubble of the true vacuum expanding at the speed of light.
"This could happen at any time and we wouldn't see it coming," said Hawking.
The Higgs boson, also known as the God particle, was discovered in 2012 by scientists at CERN - who operate the world's largest particle physics laboratory.
Hawking said the likelihood of such a disaster is unlikely to happen in the near future, however, the danger of the Higgs becoming destabilised at high energy is too great to be ignored.

Radha Madhav Corporation: Outcome of board meetingSep 08, 2014, 05.19 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Radha Madhav Corporation: Outcome of board meeting
Radha Madhav Corporation has informed regarding Outcome of Board Meeting held on September 08, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Radha Madhav Corporation: Outcome of board meeting
Radha Madhav Corporation has informed regarding Outcome of Board Meeting held on September 08, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Radha Madhav Corporation Ltd has informed BSE regarding Outcome of Board Meeting held on September 08, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Birla Ericsson Optical: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 08, 2014, 05.19 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Birla Ericsson Optical: Updates on outcome of AGM
Birla Ericsson Optical has submitted a copy of the Proceedings of the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 12, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Birla Ericsson Optical: Updates on outcome of AGM
Birla Ericsson Optical has submitted a copy of the Proceedings of the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 12, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Birla Ericsson Optical Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the Proceedings of the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 12, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Shri Baj Alloys: Outcome of board meeting (Appointment of CFO)Sep 08, 2014, 05.19 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Shri Baj Alloys: Outcome of board meeting (Appointment of CFO)
Shri Bajrang Alloys has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 08, 2014, has approved the appointment of Shri Archit Goel of Raipur as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. The above appointment is effective from September 08, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Shri Baj Alloys: Outcome of board meeting (Appointment of CFO)
Shri Bajrang Alloys has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 08, 2014, has approved the appointment of Shri Archit Goel of Raipur as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. The above appointment is effective from September 08, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Shri Bajrang Alloys Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 08, 2014, has approved the appointment of Shri Archit Goel of Raipur as Chief Financial Officer of the Company.The above appointment is effective from September 08, 2014.Source : BSE

Centre files affidavit in SC on 218 coal blocks declared illegalHelmet rule for women in Delhi to be in force, Sikhs exempted 8 hours 42 minutes ago
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

SC grants 15 days more to Sahara s Roy to sell hotelsHi Guest
SC grants 15 days more to Sahara's Roy to sell hotels
The Supreme Court on Monday granted 15 more working days time to jailed Sahara Chief Subrata Roy to seal the deal to sell his three luxury hotels in New York and London to raise money to be deposited with SEBI to get bail. Appearing before a bench headed by Justice T S Thakur, Roy's counsel submitted that its almost finalised deal to sell the properties to foreign buyers has hit a roadblock and is on the verge of collapse and sought more time to save the deal and to hold negotiations with 3-4 ...

Unity Infraprojects: Outcome of AGMUnity Infraprojects: Outcome of AGM
RSS and other  sangh parivar  outfits are communalizing UP: D RajaRSS and other  sangh parivar  outfits are communalizing UP: D Raja
Venus ties up with Mylan for marketing of antibiotic-MeropenemVenus ties up with Mylan for marketing of antibiotic-Meropenem
BJP appears to be keen to form govt in DelhiBJP appears to be keen to form govt in Delhi
Modi writes to Pak PM  offers aid in relief efforts in PoKModi writes to Pak PM  offers aid in relief efforts in PoK
Delhivery raises $35 mn cr investment; to fund expansion plansDelhivery raises $35 mn cr investment; to fund expansion plans
Koli less tense after SC stay: Jail officialsKoli less tense after SC stay: Jail officials
RBI s New Rules to Help Banks Raise Capital for Basel III: Moody sRBI s New Rules to Help Banks Raise Capital for Basel III: Moody s
Buy Sadbhav Engineering; target of Rs 251: PLilladherLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Sadbhav Engineering; target of Rs 251: PLilladher
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Sadbhav Engineering and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 251 in its September 5, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
 
Prabhudas Lilladher`s research report on Sadbhav Engineering
“Sadbhav Engineering (SEL), one of the leading players in the Infrastructure/Road sector, has its presence in the Mining and Irrigation segment. The company owns 13 road Build, Operate and Transfer (BOT) projects. Healthy order book (Rs83bn, 3.5x FY14 sales) provides strong visibility and an improving outlook across all its segment augurs well for future growth. Limited commitment on the current BOT portfolio and well-funded balance sheet makes it well placed to benefit from improved ordering in the Road sector. We initiate coverage on the stock with ‘BUY’ with a price target of Rs251, 19% upside from the current levels.”
“SEL currently has an order book of Rs83bn which is 3.5x FY14 revenue, providing strong revenue visibility. Order book is well diversified across sectors like Road, Mining and Irrigation which are the key focus areas of the new government. We expect the EPC segment to post sales and earnings CAGR of 21% and 14%, respectively, over FY14-16E. We expect order book and order inflow to grow at CAGR of 10% and 38%, respectively, over FY14-16E. SEL has a portfolio of 13 road BOT assets, consisting of eight operational projects, one partially operational and four under various stages of construction. The company has till date invested equity of Rs13.5bn and have a balance equity commitment of Rs2.9bn to be infused over the next 24-30 months. Outstanding equity commitment is likely to be funded through cash flow from the standalone construction business and securitization of operational BOT projects. We expect the toll collection to grow at 30% CAGR over FY14-16.  Our FY16 NPV for BOT assets works out to Rs154 per share. We have valued the EPC business at PE of 10.5x FY16E PAT,” says Prabhudas Lilladher research report.
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

BSE Institute ties up with two Australian varsitiesBSE Institute ties up with two Australian varsities
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 8:  
BSE Institute, the wholly owned subsidiary of leading bourse BSE, has entered into a pact with two Australian universities — University of Western Sydney and Deakin University in Melbourne — to offer collaborative programmes related to capital markets and finance.
A Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) was exchanged between Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott and BSE Institute MD & CEO Ambarish Datta alongside BSE MD & CEO Ashishkumar Chauhan.
As per the MoU with University of Western Sydney, BSE institute will “offer a dual degree” while in association with Deakin University, students would be able to apply for a Master of Applied Finance programme, a statement by BSE said today.
“Both the programmes are industry defined, structured so as to enable students to undergo and study part of the program at BSE Institute — Mumbai, intern with corporates and then get transferred to respective Universities to complete the programs,” BSE said.
The programmes are for duration of two years and include internship opportunities for the students of BSE institute with the companies of the Australian financial markets.
“India is at the cusp of a golden period of growth and it is just the right time for students to learn global best practices from Australian Financial markets and participate in the Indian opportunities as well,” Datta said.
The BSE institute provides, among others, over 5 master level programmes including a Post Graduate programme in Capital Markets and more than 60 customised courses for its students.
Besides, the institute has partnered with several top foreign universities and institutions to bring top—class teaching and education standard for its students.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

India pitches for rating upgrade  says will keep fiscal deficit in checkAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Retailers cheer easing of APMC normsAnusha Soni |  New Delhi Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 12:41 AM IST
Retailers cheer easing of Delhi's APMC norms
Retailers ruled out any major immediate easing in prices of fruit & vegetables
The removal of fruit and vegetables from the schedule of the Delhi Agricultural Produce and Marketing (Regulation) Act, 1998, has come as a respite to big retailers. Most leading organised retailers like the Future Group, Reliance, and the Tatas have multiple stores in Delhi.
Leading retailers in the National Capital Region argued that alternate supply chains outside existing mandis would emerge, creating direct relationships between retailers and farmers. They added the impact would be in the long run as an increasing number of farmers would enter into different kinds of businesses with big retailers. But an immediate boost to market sentiment is likely.
The APMC Act continues to be applied to the three major mandis in Delhi. It is, however, outside these mandis that farmers are free to sell to whoever they want, including big retailers, after the amendment. As the existing structures have been preserved, the impact is not immediate.
Retailers ruled out any major immediate easing in prices of fruit and vegetables as the law continued to apply in the existing mandis.
While some retailers sounded upbeat, others argued that alternate mechanisms like direct marketing licences already existed in states like Andhra Pradesh, Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Goa, Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh, Jharkhand, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Mizoram, Nagaland, Odisha, Rajasthan, Sikkim, Uttarakhand and Tripura.
“It’s not a path-breaking reform but a mere sentiment booster. We can obtain a direct marketing licence in many states and directly procure from farmers from within the mandis,” said a leading retailer who did not want to be named.
Delhi also allows big retailers to obtain direct marketing licences. Experts said the move opened a new window and many new and small mandis could develop in the city acting as an interface between farmers and retailers without middlemen.
However the onus of providing support infrastructure like cold storage could shift to the organized retailers. Big retailers will also increasingly invest in the cold storage infrastructure if they are freely allowed to procure from the farmers, said Murali Krishnan, CEO of Nilgiris.
"APMC was always seen as a large impediment. Long term relationships between farmers and retailers will lead to development of alternate support structures like insurance etc for the farmers," said Mohit Bahl, Head of Retail, KPMG India.
Most leading organised retailers like Future Group, Reliance, Tata have multiple stores in Delhi.

Belgian firm Wabco launches manufacturing unit in UPBS Reporter |  Lucknow Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 08:52 PM IST
Belgian firm Wabco opens manufacturing unit in UP
Wabco designs, manufactures and markets conventional/advanced braking systems and other related products for automobiles
Belgian firm Wabco has launched its state-of-the-art manufacturing unit in the Barabanki district of Uttar Pradesh.
The company has invested Rs 20 crore in this facility. Wabco designs, manufactures and markets conventional and advanced braking systems and other related products for automobiles.
This unit would primarily cater to the Tata Motors facility located near the state capital, Wabco India Vice-President P Kaniappan said.
“The factory is currently running at 30 per cent of capacity and employs 150 people. By December 2015, we are confident it would run at optimum capacity,” he said.
 Advertisements

Equate key financial move to a Portillo s hot dogOutside Opinion: Equate key financial move to a Portillo's hot dog
RedEye
When you plan to sell a business, the qualitative ingredients — the mustard, onions and relish on top of the hot dog — are just as important as the quantitative ones.
When you plan to sell a business, the qualitative ingredients — the mustard, onions and relish on top of the hot dog — are just as important as the quantitative ones. (RedEye)
By Dan Fitzgerald
Outside Opinion: The similarity between Portillo's hot dogs and making a big financial decision
Don't just think about money when selling a business
Family, emotions must weigh in making key financial decision
Hot dog king Dick Portillo made a life-changing decision this year. After announcing he was going to sell his chain "to take life easy," he struck a deal with Boston investors. Details are sketchy, but the investors reportedly paid in the neighborhood of $1 billion.
Most people don't have businesses to sell, but they all make important financial choices: changing jobs, retiring, or switching careers. So advice for a business owner on selling a firm applies to everyone.
  Open link
Making a key decision like selling a business is like building a Portillo's hot dog. The quantitative measures are important: the dog (the buyer) must be the right size; the bun (the employees) must be the right temperature and treated correctly; the price must be competitive. But the qualitative ingredients — the mustard, onions and relish — on top of the dog are equally as important.
These are three qualitative concerns that you won't find on a balance sheet.
Family dynamics

Union Busters At Major U.S. Companies Caught On TapeThis Is What It's Like To Sit Through An Anti-Union Meeting At Work
Posted:
Updated:
09/03/2014 11:59 am EDT
A sign hangs outside a Staples store on May 20, 2014 in Elmwood Park, Illinois.  | Scott Olson via Getty Images
reddit
One day last fall, employees of Iron Mountain, a Boston-based records management company, were subjected to what union organizers like to call a captive audience meeting.
Employers hold these anti-union meetings once they've gotten wind of an organizing campaign in their midst. Whether the meeting is led by in-house managers or outside consultants, the gist is usually the same : Joining a union is totally your call. But it's a really bad idea, and we're disappointed it's come to this.
The spiel at an Iron Mountain facility near Atlanta, where the Teamsters were trying to organize truck drivers, wasn't unlike the anti-union speeches commonly delivered at other companies. What made this meeting different was that a pro-union worker in attendance was surreptitiously recording it .
"We have the right to educate you," the Iron Mountain manager lectured his employees. "And we're going to exercise that right."
Ben Speight, a Teamsters organizer in Atlanta, later posted the audio to SoundCloud , and it was picked up by Gawker, Salon, Al Jazeera and The Huffington Post, among other outlets. Since then, Speight has obtained a litany of similar recordings from meetings purportedly held at more recognizable companies, including Coca-Cola, Staples and FedEx.
Those recordings are posted below, along with commentary from the workers who helped make them possible. The workers asked to remain anonymous for fear of jeopardizing their jobs.
Look for more of these in the future. The recordings have been made possible by the ubiquity of smartphones, Speight told HuffPost -- a trend that management is sure to take note of.
"Most people will work their whole lives and never sit through one of these meetings," Speight said.
Indeed, even most union workers will never sit through a captive audience meeting, Speight said, since they generally become members of unions by taking jobs at already-unionized workplaces. These meetings tend to happen in the midst of ongoing and often heated organizing campaigns that employers would very much like to scuttle.
The Teamsters local had previously used such recordings primarily for what Speight calls "inoculation" -- to give closeted pro-union workers a taste of the pressure they can expect once their organizing becomes known. But now Speight is using the recordings in part to embarrass the companies for what he calls their "relentless pressure and misinformation and half-truths."
"The atmosphere is coercive by nature," Speight said.
As noted in their statements below, the companies in question see things differently. What unions view as captive audience meetings are often framed by employers as nothing more than helpful "information" sessions. And even though unions aren't given the same platform in the workplace, it's perfectly legal under U.S labor law for companies to require workers to attend such meetings, so long as their language isn't overtly coercive, threatening or retaliatory.
Companies wouldn't hold the meetings if they weren't effective. A 2009 study authored by Cornell labor expert Kate Bronfenbrenner and published by the Economic Policy Institute found that workers were significantly more likely to vote against the union in cases where employers held captive audience meetings.
Coca-Cola
This meeting was recorded at a Coca-Cola sales and distribution center in Atlanta. At the outset, a representative for management calls the meeting "an information session" meant to help workers understand what unionizing would mean for them.
"We come in and we just inform you all, and give you facts and give you some resources about how to be educated," the woman explains.
Of course, those resources turn out to reflect rather poorly on unions:
"When a union comes in [...] they're seeking money from employees."
"When a third party comes in, things change."
According to internal Coca-Cola surveys, the woman asserts, "employees that are on a non-union facility are much more engaged and happier."
A man helping to lead the meeting opines, "They may claim they want to represent you, and give you a voice in the workplace, but at least my experience is at the end of the day it's all about the money."
All that said, he's careful to add, it's "your choice, your decision."
The workers are told over and over again that they are their own best advocates.
At a couple of points in the recording, the workers decide to challenge their lecturers. When the man says that all unions want is money, one worker asks him how much he is being paid to hold the information session.
"How much is your salary for this meeting, as far as you talking about unions and stuff like that?"
"My salary doesn't matter," the man replies. "This is my job. I work for Coke just like you do."
After being warned about the costs of union representation, the worker responds, "I wouldn't mind paying for representation, because I don't feel like anyone is representing me [now]."
"Why would people go seek a third party?" one worker asks. "You get what I'm saying? There has to be a problem."
"You put so much emphasis on discouraging people about the union," another worker says. "Why wouldn't you put the same emphasis on finding out what problems the employees have and try to make them better?"
The worker who made the recording told The Huffington Post he supports the union because "pay is not matching the labor" at the facility.
"Most guys believe that if I give a fair day's work I should get a fair day's pay," he said.
As for why he decided to make the recording, "I kind of wanted the world to see what was actually going on," he said. "People see the commercials and the pretty red trucks, but they never know what's going on on the inside."
Reached for comment on the recordings, Coca-Cola spokeswoman Susan Stribling said in an email that the company "respects our associates' rights to freely join, or not join, unions."
"Whenever unions seek to organize currently unrepresented associates, we provide our associates with facts and data necessary to make an informed decision about seeking or rejecting representation," Stribling said. "That was the purpose of the recent meetings at our South Metro distribution center in Atlanta. We believe it is our obligation to our associates to ensure they have all relevant information to make the right decisions for themselves and their families."
Staples
These Staples meetings were held at one of the company's distribution centers in Atlanta. As is common in such meetings, one of the managers leading it starts by noting that anyone in the room is free to unionize.
"The choice on whether to have a union or not is yours," he says.
And yet he paints unionization as an awful idea:
"Unions are divisive in the workplace."
"Unions come between employers and employees."
"Unions can pit associates against one another."
"Unions are a business that needs your money. Don't be fooled: Unions are first and foremost a business."
But he later adds, "I'm trying to give you an objective opinion."
A woman helping to lead the meeting acknowledges the discontent among the Staples workers -- after all, union campaigns don't spring from nowhere -- but says there's little that anyone can do about it. She says Staples is being squeezed by the economy and the general business climate, as well as by Obamacare.
"There's stuff that a lot of people are unhappy with [that] the company is doing," she says. "But guess what? The bottom line is we need to stay competitive. We're not making the money we need to make. It's not the same climate out there."
(Faced with growing online competition, Staples announced that it would close 140 stores this year amid lagging sales. The company did, however, beat analysts' predictions with an $82 million profit last quarter.)
After being told that unionizing could be expensive, one worker shoots back: "We get treated like dirt now. So, like, what's the point? Who cares?"
A worker who made one of the recordings told HuffPost he supports the union efforts because of what he described as low pay and a lack of job security at the facility.
"They tried to tell us we don't need a union and a third party to come in to negotiate," the worker said. "They said 'y'all could end up losing money, the union people are only here to make money, they won't want to sell office supplies, they go on lavish vacations.' All that stuff."
He added, "We pushed back on them."
According to the worker, the presentation included an obviously dated video about what workers need to think about when going into a union election. (The video can be heard at the start of the second recording. Sample dialogue: "Signing a union authorization card would be like signing a blank check!") Judging from the actors' clothes and the cars they drove, the worker said, he estimated the video was from the 1970s.
"They had old hairdos, and they talked about stuff that's probably not even happening anymore," the worker said. "It was on a [VHS] cassette tape -- not even a DVD."
A Staples spokeswoman didn't respond to multiple requests for comment on the recordings.
FedEx
The Teamsters have long sought to organize FedEx Freight facilities, and managers at the shipping giant are quite clear about the company's feelings toward the union. In two recordings uploaded by Speight -- one purportedly made this July, the other circa 2009 -- the supervisors are refreshingly candid about how they will resist the union effort with everything they can muster.
"We are opposed to having a union," one man lectures. "We will fight the Teamsters by every legal means available. We ask that you please do not sign a union card."
"It is no secret the Teamsters' first priority is to collect employee dues ... They will do anything to get those dues," he goes on. "The biggest reason we oppose the Teamsters is they have no interest in our success."
In dealing with organizing campaigns, FedEx likes to make note of America's falling union density rate, which has now dipped to less than 7 percent in the private sector, close to its historic low in the post-war years. In the more recent recording, FedEx workers are urged to visit the site fedexfreightworkplace.com , which notes in bold that "unionization is an option that fewer individuals are choosing today." (Of course, labor advocates would argue that the falling density rate is due at least in part to these aggressive anti-union campaigns.)
At one point, the company representative in the same recording mocks the Teamsters for their declining membership rolls.
"The Teamsters are literally a bunch of losers," he says.
The speaker in the other recording is just as direct.
"We do not want a union at FedEx Freight, not under any circumstances. Okay?" he says. "This company by any legal means necessary will fight that. And everybody in this room and everybody who works for this organization needs to understand that. We don't support it. We don't think it fits with our business model. We don't think it's good for you or your families."
In an interview, the Teamsters supporter who made the earlier recording said he was stunned by what he heard in the lecture.
"When you sit in these meetings, it's unbelievable -- you just say to yourself, 'Somebody else has to hear this,'" the worker said. "This stuff is too good."
He said he's a supporter of the Teamsters' organizing efforts at FedEx.
"I think it's about time we had a voice," he said.
When asked about the audio, FedEx spokeswoman Melissa Charbonneau said in an email that the company would not address recordings "whose origin is unclear and where no one is identified."
She added, "FedEx Freight employees have consistently rejected third party representation, and we prefer to work directly with our people to provide and maintain a positive work environment."
More:

Apple Stock Is Getting Killedreddit
Apple's stock is under a dark iCloud today.
Shares of Apple, typically a Wall Street darling, were down about 4 percent at midday on Wednesday. The hacking of naked celebrity pictures stored on Apple's iCloud storage system is the worst of a bunch of bad news that has hit the company at once, just ahead of next Tuesday's expected launch of the iPhone 6 .
Everything hits at once. (Source: Google Finance)
New iPhone Day is typically a religious holiday in America, and Apple stock had soared to new highs ahead of it. But Apple may or may not suddenly be " in disarray ," in the words of Business Insider's Jim Edwards. He rattled off a litany of problems that have cropped up just in the past few days, including the iCloud hack and a prolonged iTunes outage, that may well be making CEO Tim Cook "furious" and investors nervous.
Then Pacific Crest Securities analyst Andy Hargreaves piled on Wednesday morning, telling investors to sell some of Apple's white-hot stock, which had jumped 38 percent since late April, noted MarketBeat blogger Steve Russolillo.
Most analysts on Wall Street still recommend investors shovel themselves some more shares of Apple. This dark-ish day will likely be forgotten by next Tuesday, when we are all distracted by Apple's latest shiny objects, possibly including a new smartwatch . But CNN/Money's David Goldman noted recently that Apple shares usually fall in the month after a new iPhone release.
Update: The stock closed trading on Wednesday afternoon at $98.94 a share, down 4.2 percent for the day.
More:

Land Rovers new middle childDiscovery Sport is Land Rover’s new middle child
By  Stephen Dobie
2015 Land Rover Discovery Sport
(Jaguar Land Rover)
2015 Land Rover Discovery Sport
(Jaguar Land Rover)
2015 Land Rover Discovery Sport
(Jaguar Land Rover)
2015 Land Rover Discovery Sport
(Jaguar Land Rover)
2015 Land Rover Discovery Sport
(Jaguar Land Rover)
2015 Land Rover Discovery Sport
(Jaguar Land Rover)
2015 Land Rover Discovery Sport
(Jaguar Land Rover)
2015 Land Rover Discovery Sport
(Jaguar Land Rover)
2015 Land Rover Discovery Sport
(Jaguar Land Rover)
2015 Land Rover Discovery Sport
(Jaguar Land Rover)
How close is the BMW 4 Series to the Concept 4?
HIDE CAPTION
Meet the Land Rover Discovery Sport. It's basically the new Freelander – a car that's been around some 17 years, spanning two generations – and justifies its new name with a handful of clever tricks.
Related
Can the MKC save Lincoln?
For one, it contains no fewer than seven seats within its 459cm (180.7in) length. That's a package just 19cm longer than the five-seat Freelander and 4cm shorter than the five-seat Audi Q5. Alright, they're fold-out rather than full-size efforts, but adults should be able to squeeze into them for short journeys.
Finding space for the extra seats wasn't the work of a moment, with the Freelander's MacPherson strut suspension replaced with a more compact multi-link set-up that fits beneath the boot floor, while the engines are mounted transversely rather than longitudinally (like they are in the Q5), enabling front seats to be further forward in the wheelbase.
As well as its generous seating, the new car is set to live up to the Discovery half of its name with some genuine off-road ability. The Discovery Sport can wade through 600mm (23.6in) of water and haul its way up one-in-one slopes.
But what about the Sport tag? That new rear suspension set-up is claimed to boost on-road composure, while the front-end construction comes from the ubiquitous Range Rover Evoque. The Evoque's four-wheel-drive system – a Haldex centre coupling linking front and rear axles – is transferred across too, as is its 2.2-litre SD4 187bhp turbodiesel engine.
The Discovery Sport will gain further options in the form of a 150bhp eD4 diesel, which will power a front-wheel-drive model, while Jaguar Land Rover's new family of four-cylinder petrol and diesel engines (rather irritatingly named “Ingenium”) lie further down the line, with a plug-in hybrid in the plan. Gearbox options comprise a traditional six-speed manual or ZF's nine-speed automatic, so impressive in its current applications, Evoque included.
While the Sport usurps the Freelander, the full-sized Discovery will itself get a replacement, growing in the process to provide some breathing space above this new car. Both will get a gamut of new technology, highlights including a pair of forward-facing stereoscopic cameras that scan the road ahead, prompting (among other functions) an automatic emergency stop if the system decides you won't hit the brakes in time to avoid a crash. There's also an airbag fitted under the bonnet - a Land Rover first - that will fire within 60 milliseconds of a front impact to reduce pedestrian injuries.
The Discovery Sport launches in January 2015, with the SD4 model starting at £32,395 - around ten per cent more than an equivalent (albeit five-seat) Freelander. When the front-drive eD4 launches later next year, it will dip below £30,000 and will fly to the top of company car lists with 119g/km CO2 emissions.
We've not touched on the styling yet, which bears more than a passing resemblance to the Discovery Vision Concept from earlier in the year. Funny that. But looks are, of course, a subjective thing. So tell us what you think. Are you sad to see the Freelander go?
A version of this story originally appeared on TopGear.com .
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .
Advertising Feature

Downside Risks Limited in Indian Markets: Credit SuisseYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Downside Risks Limited in Indian Markets: Credit Suisse
Published On:                  September  3, 2014                 | Duration: 8 min, 05 sec

Birla Sunlife Prefers Auto and Banking SectorsYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Birla Sunlife Prefers Auto and Banking Sectors
Published On:                  September  3, 2014                 | Duration: 19 min, 55 sec

Express at IFA 2014: Gadgets launched by Samsung  Sony  Nokia and HTCtechnology
Express at IFA 2014: Gadgets launched by Samsung, Sony, Nokia and HTC
While the phone will be powered by a 2.7 GHz quad-core processor, we in India are most likely to see the 1.9 GHz Octa-Core (1.9GHz Quad + 1.3GHz Quad-Core) version as was the case with the Samsung Galaxy S5.
The Galaxy Note 4 will be an upgrade in many ways, primarily with its note-taking abilities thanks to the improved S Pen and the addition of the Smart Select and Snap Note features that add new functionalities — the former lets you clip and share just a small part of the screen, the latter lets you clip just a part of the new photo even as you take it.
The real innovation here has come in the form of a new device called the called the Note Edge, which adds a curved screen extention to the Note 4. The rest of the device is the same, but the curved glass just gives it a new dimension by displaying news tickers from partners like Yahoo.
Pushing the innovation a step ahead, the Note 4 will power a completely new form factor called the Gear VR. This is basically a wearable virtual reality goggle like the Oculus Rift, but powered entirely by the Note 4, which is the screen that gamers and movie enthusiasts for whom this device is intended will peer into.
The Gear S, which will now come with a curved AMOLED screen and will be able to live a unfettered life thanks to inbuilt 3G and Wi-Fi connectivity. Except for the first set-up and later software upgrades, the Gear S will be able to de-hyphenate its existence from the Galaxy devices it was yoked to in the past. It will be able to function as a full fledged phone in the process.
Samsung showcased its new range of ultra HD televisions, including the largest curved television in the world at 105 inches. The company also showed the world a new bendable television, again at 105 inches. This model can become flat as well a bend when you are in the mood to watch a movie.
Samsung also launched a new tablet, the Galaxy Tab Active, aimed at the enterprise market. The device will hit production soon.
Sony has launched the Z3 series of smartphones and tablets- Xperia Z3 flagship smartphone,  Xperia Z3 Compact,  Xperia Z3 Tablet Compact. The company has also launched the Xperia E3 mid-range smartphone with Sony’s Z series flagship design along with LifeLog (personal Android application from Sony) compatible two smartwatches called SmartBand Talk and SmartWatch 3. On the audio front, Sony introduced a Bluetooth speaker and a headset called BSP10 Bluetooth Speaker and SBH60 Stereo Bluetooth Headset.
The flagship Xperia Z3 features a 5.2-inch full-HD with a resolution of 1080 x 1920 pixels and houses a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor clocked at 2.5 GHz and Adreno 330 GPU. Other display features include TRILUMINOS display for mobile and X-Reality for mobile picture engine. It comes with 3GB RAM along with  16GB internal storage which can be expanded up to 128 GB via microSD SDXC cards.
The Xperia Z3 Compact features a  4.6-inch HD display with a resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels. It shares the same hardware specifications with the flagship Z3. The major differentiators are the screen size-  5.2-inch for Xperia Z3 and 4.6-inch for Z3 Compact, RAM- 3 GB for  Xperia Z3 and 2 GB for  Z3 Compact, battery- 3100 mAh for Z3 and 2600 mAh for Z3 compact and weight- Z3 weighs 152 grams while the compact version weighs 129 grams.
Based on Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 Quad-core 2.5 GHz processor with 3GB RAM and Qualcomm Adreno 330 GPU, the tablet comes with an 8.1MP rear camera with Exmor RS sensor and 2.2MP front-facing HD chat camera.
"The Xperia E3 handset matches form with function at an affordable price point. E3 combines fast performance with impressive features, all wrapped in our flagship Z series design that you can be proud to show off," said Calum MacDougall, Director of Product Marketing Programme, at Sony Mobile Communications.
SmartWear Experience is Sony’s vision for smart, wearable technology founded on three principles: lifelogging, flexible style and intelligent notifications. SmartBand Talk is a lifelogger, bringing call handling and voice control from your wrist, with an always-on curved 1.4-inch e-paper display. SmartWatch 3 is the first smartwatch specifically designed for the latest Android Wear updates. Desktop web interface, and open API for Lifelog app later in 2014.
Microsoft has launched its flagship Nokia Lumia 830 Windows Phone 8.1 smartphone ahead of IFA 2014 Berlin.  This premium polycarbonate and metal Lumia has a 5-inch ClearBlack display with Curved Gorilla 3.0 glass, and runs a 1.2GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor with 16GB of memory, which is expandable by 128GB via microSD.
The Lumia 730 Dual SIM and Lumia 735 feature a Full-HD 5MP wide-angle front-facing camera with a focal length of 24mm. The smartphones are targeted for those who believe in “selfies are a way of life, and Skype is the only way to call.” Based on Windows Phone 8.1, users will be able to switch from voice to Skype video calls with just one tap and enjoy clear audio in noisy surroundings. A free three-month Skype Unlimited World subscription is available in selected markets.
HTC showcased its Desire 820 with brand new specs to replace the popular Desire 816 smartphone. The Desire 820 comes with 5.5-inch 1280 x 720px Super LCD2 display at 267ppi along with a 13MP rear camera and an 8 MP front camera. The smartphone is the first official Android device offering a 64-bit chipset and features a 64-bit Snapdragon 615 with an octa-core Cortex-A53 processor with four 1.5GHz and four 1.0GHz cores. It comes with 2 GB of RAM and is powered by a 2,600mAh battery.

The healthiest way to work: Standing vs. sitting and everything in between0
Studies have shown  that our bodies can benefit from simply standing up, contracting muscles, and moving. Think of standing as pushing a reset button on your body. If you press the reset button  before the timer hits 20 minutes , you’ll avoid any of the negative side effects of a sedentary job.
Gretchen Reynolds, a reporter on exercise research for The New York Times, wrote a book condensing health studies down to their most essential parts.  One of the key takeaways from her research  was this emphasis on standing up and the golden 20-minute mark.
New science shows very persuasively that standing up about every 20 minutes, even for only a minute or two, reduces your risks of developing diabetes and heart disease.
By standing up, you cause the big muscles in your legs and back to contract, which leads to an increase in certain enzymes that break up fat in the blood stream. You don’t have to jog in place or do jumping jacks. Just stand. A very pleasant additional benefit is that standing up every 20 to 30 minutes also seems to prompt the body to burn calories, so you don’t gain as much weight from sitting at the office most of the day.
Even more from Reynolds :
If you can stand up every 20 minutes — even if you do nothing else — you change how your body responds physiologically.
Other studies confirm the benefit of this simple act of standing. For instance, a study of employees at New Balance shoe headquarters showed that performing an activity every 30 minutes — standing, walking, stretching — improved not only health but also engagement and concentration.
So now the question becomes: How do you stand up every 20 minutes?
START SMALL: SET A TIMER FOR 20 MINUTES
At Buffer, each person on the team is  equipped with a Jawbone UP  to track our movement, activity levels, and sleep. At the end of every day, we can see how we moved (or didn’t move).
The UP band lets you set a move reminder that causes your wristband to buzz after a certain amount of inactivity. Bingo! Set it to 20 minutes, and stand up when it buzzes.
Other fitness bands offer similar functionality, too. And if you’d prefer to keep things super straightforward, you can go with a trusty phone or kitchen timer to set a manual notification for yourself.
MOVE TO A NEW AREA: WORKSTATION POPCORN
One of our favorite work hacks on the Buffer team is  workstation popcorn .
You  start your day with a to-do list , then plan your list around different cafes, coffee shops, and workstations, popping from one to the next once you’ve completed a set of tasks.
For instance, you might start the day at the office, spend the late morning at a coffee shop, hit a co-working space in the afternoon, and return to the office conference room to wrap up your day.
Walking in between each work place injects multiple opportunities for movement into your day. Though you won’t be popping from station to station every 20 minutes, you can supplement the 20-minute rule with these popcorn intervals, helping you achieve more consistent movement throughout the day.
STANDING DESK VS. SITTING: FOCUS ON MOVEMENT
One variation on the standing theme is that it’s not necessarily about standing up. It’s about moving.
The Cornell Ergonomics lab  has the following advice:
Every 20 minutes stand for 2 minutes AND MOVE.
The absolute time isn’t critical but about every 20-30 minutes take a posture break and move for a couple of minutes. … Movement is important to get blood circulation through the muscles. And movement is FREE! Research shows that you don’t need to do vigorous exercise (e.g. jumping jacks) to get the benefits, just walking around is sufficient. So build in a pattern of creating greater movement variety in the workplace.
In theory, moving can happen whether you’re standing or not. There are several chair options (see below) that allow for more movement than the traditional office chair. You can rock back and forth and lean side to side, and you’d be getting the muscle exercise you need via these simple movements.
The same goes for those who stand while working. Standing still for long stretches will eventually lead to its own set of health problems (undue pressure on joints, for instance), so you’re better off swaying, rocking, and stretching while you stand.
Some folks even recommend yoga while you stand and work. Here are a few ideas of poses you can try:
Begin with Mountain Pose (tadasana)
Standing Half Moon (ardha chandrasana)
Move to Tree (vrksasana)
Mountain Pose with arms over head (urdhva hastasana)
Interlace fingers behind back and fold forward (Yoga mudra)
Finish with a Standing Forward Fold with an easy twist: One hand on the earth (under the face) other hand extended to sky
End in Mountain Pose

Sensex recovers over 92 pointsUpdated: September 5, 2014 10:09 IST
Sensex recovers over 92 points
PTI
market and exchange
The BSE benchmark Sensex recovered by over 92 points to 27,178.80 in early trade on Friday on the back of gains in IT, teck, metal and banking sector stocks, tracking firming Asian cues.
The 30-share barometer, which had lost 54.01 points in previous session, recovered by 92.87 points, or 0.34 per cent, to 27,178.80 in early trade.
Similarly, the broad-based National Stock Exchange index Nifty traded above 8,100-mark by gaining 21.10 points, or 0.26 per cent, to 8,117.05.
Brokers said fresh buying by foreign funds and retail investors on the back of mild recovery in sectors such as IT, teck, metal and banking, coupled with positive Asian trend, mainly influenced the trading sentiment.
Major gainers among the 30 Sensex stocks were Infosys, TCS, Wipro, Larsen and Toubro and SBI, helping the key indices to trade in positive zone.
Meanwhile in Asia, Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index rose by 0.23 per cent, while Japan’s Nikkei moved up by 0.17 per cent in the early trade.

Nifty Likely to Face Resistance around 8 141: Rajat BoseYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Nifty Likely to Face Resistance around 8,141: Rajat Bose
Published On:                  September  5, 2014                 | Duration: 12 min, 31 sec

Sharekhan Explains Crash in JP Associates SharesYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Sharekhan Explains Crash in JP Associates Shares
Published On:                  September  5, 2014                 | Duration: 6 min, 14 sec

ECB s Quantitative Easing Plans Negative For World Economy: Jim RogersYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
ECB's Quantitative Easing Plans Negative For World Economy: Jim Rogers
Published On:                  September  5, 2014                 | Duration: 5 min, 08 sec

Wilful defaulter tag a powerful weapon for creditorsUpdated: September 5, 2014 23:48 IST
Wilful defaulter tag a ‘powerful weapon’ for creditors
PTI
central bank
Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan has said the wilful defaulter tag is a powerful weapon in the hands of banks for resolving bad loans. His comments came days after United Bank of India declared Vijay Mallya as ‘wilful defaulter’.
“The wilful defaulter tag is a powerful weapon in the hands of creditors for resolving distressed assets. It shuts out access to credit within the Indian financial system for a borrower,” Dr. Rajan said without naming Mallya.
He was speaking at an event organised by American bank Citi at Boston on Thursday. The comments come from a note circulated by the event organiser.
Mr. Mallya, whose Kingfisher Airlines owes money to several banks, had on Thursday said he would challenge UBI’s decision to declare him a wilful defaulter.

7 Magic Words To Stop Someone From Lying To Youreddit
You know the awful feeling that someone is lying to you? Here's how to stop falsehoods in their tracks, according to science.
In a 2012 experiment, Prof. Jeffrey Hancock of Cornell University found that people acknowledged lying in about 14 percent of their emails, 21 percent of their instant messages, 27 percent of face-to-face conversations, and 37 percent of telephone calls. Based on that research, psychologist Richard Wiseman reminds us in a new video on his YouTube channel that we have the power to ward off lies simply by saying seven magic words:
" Can you just email me about that? "
Why do people tend to be more honest in emails?
"According to Hancock, people are reluctant to lie in an email because their words are recorded and could come back to haunt them," Wiseman, a professor at the University of Hertfordshire in the U.K., says in the video.
Check out the video. It's great. Trust us.
NOTE: Due to a technical error, an earlier draft of this article was published. The piece has been revised throughout.
Also on HuffPost:
Whisper Users Confess Desires To Cheat
of

New Galaxy Map Gives Solar System A New Addressreddit
Astronomers have long had a sense of where the Milky Way is in relation to other galaxies, but a new three-dimensional star map gives us a more nuanced look at our cosmic neighborhood.
Until now, the Milky Way was believed to be one galaxy in the 2,000 that make up what's known as the Virgo "supercluster." But as the new map shows, the Milky Way's 100 billion stars are actually part of something 100 times bigger : a supercluster of galaxies astronomers have christened Laniakea, meaning "immense heavens" in the Hawaiian language.
Laniakea spans some 520 million light-years across. As you might imagine, all those stars contain a lot of mass. In fact, astronomers say the supercluster is as massive as 100 million billion suns.
How was this supercluster discovered? Researchers used an algorithm to translate the velocities of 8,000 galaxies that surround the Milky Way to show where they are in relation to one another and also how gravity from areas of dark matter causes them to move.
"We have finally established the contours that define the supercluster of galaxies we can call home ," lead researcher R. Brent Tully, an astronomer at the University of Hawaii at Manoa, said in a written statement. "This is not unlike finding out for the first time that your hometown is actually part of much larger country that borders other nations."
Also on HuffPost:

A commendable launchUpdated: September 4, 2014 18:54 IST
A commendable launch
Special Arrangement An impressive group dance performance
Special Arrangement Veena concert by Achala.
Special Arrangement Shruti Jain
music
The newly-formed ‘Praveenya Arts Academy’ organised an impressive dance and music event.
Noted Nattuvanar and mridangam maestro I.V. Renuka Prasad and his wife, a Carnatic vocalist launched a new dance and music academy called ‘Praveenya Arts Academy’, by presenting a dance and music show at a gala function held at Ravindra Bharati, last week, in collaboration with ‘Abhinetri Arts Academy’ founded by dancer Pramod Kumar Reddy. On the occasion these academies featured Achala Sankarnath in a veena recital, Bharatanatyam by Shruti Jain and another Bharatanatyam recital by the disciples of Sundari Ravichandra, with active participation of Renuka Prasad on mridangam, Swetha giving vocal support and Pramod conducting dances.
The evening was opened with Achala’s veena concert accompanied by Kolanka Saikumar n violin, I.V. Renuka Prasad on mridangam and R.Srikanth on ghatam. She opened the concert with Vallabha Nayaka in Mohana Kalyani of Lalgudi and followed it with Thyagaraja’s Srirama Padama in Amritavarshini. She then took up Poorvikalyani for essaying for another composition of Thyagaraja Gnanamosagarada in which she presented neraval and swarakalpana too. After playing a breezy number Manaviyalakicharadate in Nalinakanthi, she played the main number of the concert Yenati Nomu Phalamo in Bhairavi. She treated ragam, neraval and swarakalpana in great detail. The final number she played was Purandaradasa’s Yadava Neebaa in Revati. The accompanists lent good support understanding the import of the string instrument veena.
The second programme was Shruti Jain’s Bharatanatyam, conducted by Renuka Prasad as nattuvanar and Swetha Prasad providing vocal support, accompanied by Srikanth on mridangam and Kolanka Saikumar on violin.
Shruti opened with Thodaya Mangalam as initial prayers to gods and gurus, in Ragamalika and Talamalika. She then went for main number of Bharatanatyam varnam Mahatripura Sundari, a composition of Madurai R. Muralidharan. Shruti’s body movements were quite vivacious and fluid felicitating her to strike right mudras and movements to rhythm. Swetha’s vocal verve and excellence in expression made the number quite engrossing.
Siva Panchakshari
It was the turn of students of Sundari Ravichandra to take stage to present a Bharatanatyam recital. It was Parmod Kumar who conducted the show of young children with Swetha Prasad providing vocal support to Renuka Pasad’s mridangam, Saikumar’s violin and Srikanth on kanjira. Of the two numbers the children presented – the mandatory ‘Pushapanjali’ and ‘Kalinaga Nartana tillana’ of Oothukadu Venkata subbaiyer — the later number proved bench mark for the learning of students as it was a replay of how Srikrishna subdued multi-hooded snake Kaliya.

What It Feels Like to Say "No" When Someone Offers to Buy Your StartupSometimes it pays to wait for Twitter
Photo by Andrew Burton/Getty Images
This article originally appeared in Business Insider.
A few founders have been offered tons of money to sell their startups then walked away from the deals.  Evan Spiegel famously turned down Facebook's multibillion-dollar offer to buy Snapchat . Groupon turned down a $6 billion offer from Google.  Sometimes, it works out. Snapchat, for example, is still growing and is reportedly raising a new round of financing at about $10 billion.
Advertisement
Sometimes, it doesn't.  Video app Viddy  walked away from a $100 million offer , then lost all of its traction.  Yahoo and Facebook both offered to buy Foursquare for $100 million to $120 million  when it had raised only $5 million. Google  offered to buy  TechCrunch Disrupt winner Qwiki for more than $100 million. Qwiki's hype died down, and it ended up selling for half that price to Yahoo. "Of course it's a tough decision because you're trying to figure out what's the best thing to do for your company," Foursquare's  Dennis Crowley said of acquisition offers . "Your company is your baby at that point. You have to make a call and weigh the pros and cons."
One startup CEO who was faced with that tough decision is Jim Payne, who walked away from three acquisition offers before he agreed to sell his ad tech company MoPub to Twitter. Fortunately for Payne, it worked out: Twitter paid $350 million to buy his 100-person company, and 36 of his employees became millionaires.
But he says walking away from one particularly serious offer was the hardest decision he has ever had to make.  The first time [I walked away from a deal], I was panicked," Payne says. "Someone is putting you all-in in poker, and whatever you consider to be your fortune is on the line. You get involved in the deal process and you start to think about the exit. It's human nature. People get attached to the idea and it's very hard to walk away."
Payne declined one very serious offer because he felt it was too early to sell MoPub, even though it would have meant financial security for him and his family.  But he says that experience allowed him to look at future deals with logic, rather than emotion. And that strategy worked when Twitter came knocking. Payne was able to ask for things, like restricted stock units for employees and the ability to keep his team on the East Coast, during the acquisition.
The end result: A $350 million buyout that made one-third of MoPub's employees millionaires, with 10 people who now have "significant" wealth.

Dude… Surfwear company wipes out 28%EMAIL
Getty
Shares of Quiksilver (ZQK) , one of the biggest and most recognizable makers of surfwear, are down nearly 30% Friday after the company’s disappointing quarterly results.
The company late Thursday reported a loss of $222.2 million on 12% lower revenue of $395.7 million. The company blamed changes to its supply chain that results in product being shipped late to retailers that sell its goods.
The quarterly loss is just the latest sign of how choppy the waters have gotten for the retailer. The company has posted adjusted per-share losses in the past five straight consecutive quarters, says S&P Capital IQ.
And if the company’s losses look gnarly, the stock is absolutely horrific.  Shares of Quiksilver are down 77% this year. That’s a wipeout that just hard to watch.
Chart source: MSN Money

Step out in SeptemberUpdated: September 7, 2014 19:24 IST
Step out in September
The Hindu Tryst with nature: Head to nearby waterfalls or water bodies. Photos: K. Ananthan
Sight the golden oriole Photo:Ashoke Chakrabarty
Cycle down to Siruvani PHOTO:special Arrangement
The Hindu The Noyyal River in full flow at the Coimbatore Anicut in Perur Photo: K. Ananthan
TOPICS
This is a great month to connect with Nature. Walk, trek, cycle or go birding, and return with memories for a lifetime
Listen to birdcall
This is a great season to go birding. There’s a nip in the air in the mornings, and you need little incentive to get up and out of the house. P.R. Selvaraj of Coimbatore Nature Society says this is the month to go scouting for winter migrants.
“They’ll start flying in in great numbers from North India and Siberia. The rains have also been good. So, you’ll sight a lot of birds,” he says.
Look out for golden orioles, those sunshine yellow birds that streak across trees even in urban areas. They fly in all the way from Kashmir and the Himalayas. Barn swallows, which are as small as house sparrows, throng India by the millions, coming in from Siberia.
You can spot them chirping away on roadside electricity and telephone lines. If you head towards the wetlands, look out for varieties of sandpipers and ducks — pin-tailed ducks, Northern shovellers and the Garganey ducks.
Trek up the hills
September-October is what trekkers call the second season of the year, after the peak season between April and June.
“We rest during July and August, because the earth is teeming with leeches, and head out again in September,” says Ananda Irudayaraj, in-charge of Coimbatore Trekkers’ Club.
“Usually, the weather is nice and chill, ideal for trekking. In fact, this is called the ‘England season’ in the hills. There’s a mild drizzle, but the sun is still out. It’s magical,” he says.
If you want to trek close to home, check out Silent Valley, just a hour away. “You need prior permission, but it’s a trip worth making,” he says. The Kerala Government has a jeep and van to ferry visitors, which you can hire.
“Once inside, you go on a short three-km guided trek. It’s beautiful — the rain, the greenery, the waterfall…it’s the experience of a lifetime.”
The group is shortly planning a trek to Mannavanur, near Kodaikanal. The views here are said to compete with the best foreign locations.
For details, call 97868-40444.
Pedal away
Chakravarthy Birur and five of his friends are just back from an invigorating 107-km ride from Coimbatore to Siruvani and back. “The weather was spectacular. There was a gentle drizzle and the entire stretch was painted green. It was a treat to ride down that stretch,” he says.
Hobby cyclists look forward to September. For one, the pleasant weather does not tire them out. Two, it is a month when Nature is at her pristine best — the trees have been washed clean by the rains and leaves still bear remnants of early morning dew.
Chakra picks five of his favourite routes close by the city. Coimbatore-Siruvani, Coimbatore-Kovai Kuttralam, Coimbatore-Narasipuram, Coimbatore-Marudhamalai and Coimbatore-Anaikatti.
“The road to Narasipuram and Vaidehi Falls is something else. You sight rainbows quite often. The villagers cultivate onion and the air is heady with its scent. There’s the mountain in the distance and farmland in between. You return refreshed.”

Purani Dilli comes to NoidaUpdated: September 7, 2014 17:03 IST
Purani Dilli comes to Noida
ZIYA US SALAM
Special Arrangement The delicacies on offer
TOPICS
food and dining (general)
The Great Kabab Factory offers temptations primed with tradition
Speak to some of the well decorated chefs at five star hotels across the city and you will find them understandably evasive about sharing the details of their craft. Nudge them a little, and they will wink. Cajole a bit more, and finally little nuggets begin to slip out. On quiet afternoons when mere mortals like you and me plod through in our offices, they sneak away to those ever busy lanes and bylanes of Shahjahanabad to keep their date with age-old khansamahs, bawarchis, masalchis. From Jama Masjid to Gali Madrasa Hussain Bux to Matia Mahal and Chitli Qabar to Lal Kuan, Ballimaran and on to Khari Baoli, they leave not a lane untouched. Some age-old residents have the secret formula to make nahari spicy and tangy, some keep the secrets of royal haleem closely guarded, others have watched over the mysteries of sutli kababs for generations. The illustrious chefs sit across a dastarkhwan, pick little gems from their talks and, in turn, piece together some delectable dishes for their own patrons. Ah! The joy of sharing!
Then the chefs don the garb of a buyer in the sellers’ market. This time, they walk down to sundry masala merchants of Khari Baoli, Sui Walan and Chitli Qabar and pick up stuff they won’t easily find elsewhere in the city. These trips to Old Delhi, famous for its cuisine, help the chefs put together some of the best food festivals for those who find it easier to go to Pattaya than Phatak Punjabian, Monaco rather than Matia Mahal. Of late, this love affair with Purani Dilli seems to be taking the NCR five-star circuit by storm. This past week, I made a halt at Park Plaza’s The Great Kabab Factory in Noida for the latest Purani Dilli food festival. Curated by Indian Master Chef Vakil Ahmad — yes, he too has done the rounds of Old Delhi to enrich his knowledge bank — the festival proves a delight in ways more plentiful than a cloudburst may contain in this season of belated rains. I take along little Maryam and Aliza, girls for whom Old Delhi comes not without a ring of exotica.
Soon arrives a kabab platter offering six options, each tempting the palate, pleasing the eye. Really, there can be few better experiences at the dining table than to see steam coming from kababs placed on a milky white plate with rings of onions and a slice of lemon occupying a significant corner. We start with galouti which is backed with a little parantha. The chutneys, mint, coriander, tomato and coconut, are rendered superfluous. The kabab is, thankfully, spicy, and predictably soft. I love it. The kids approach it with a degree of apprehension. The chef tones down the spice level for them, and the kids join in the fun.
Next comes Jamia murgh ki raan. Having spent considerable time covering Jamia as a young reporter, I enquire, what’s special about Jamia’s chicken. Umm. Well, the preparation turns out to be better than the answer. The meat is uniformly cooked and is easy to slice with a butter knife. This time, coriander chutney helps to improve the flavour. No such questions are needed while polishing off Turkmani machchi fry. The fish is boneless, the gram batter coating consistent, the spice level on the lower side. I sprinkle a bit of lemon and am rewarded with an enhanced taste.
Then comes the surprise: Peshawari murgh tikka. A little liberty by way of Jamia murgh is fine but Peshawar? The preparation, however, needs no value addition, exotic name or otherwise. It is the good old murgh tikka, the kind which is very popular on the streets of Dilli 6. In the rarefied atmosphere of Park Plaza, it is every bit as appealing, as tasty. It is followed by seekh kabab. Now I have weakness for seekh kababs and I finish off my stuff in a jiffy, then eye those on the kids’ plates. They relent. I gorge some more.
I am tempted to ask for a second helping of galouti and seekh. Before I mouth my request, my silent prayer is answered. God is merciful, the chef kind. And I eat some more of those spicy, spicy kababs before remembering that the main course is yet to come!
The kids, meanwhile, opt for vegetarian dishes like soufiyani paneer tikka, tandoori aaloo and Daryaganj ki chaat, the last one having been tweaked by the chef who has heated and fried the stuff otherwise used fresh by chatwallahs of Old Delhi.
The hosts suggest that we try Dal Factory. I decline, opting only for Nalli Nahari and Murgh Biryani. The biryani turns out to be pretty fine, retaining a little tangy taste, a little whiff of mint leaves.
The nahari is not much to write home about. I don’t mind it much though concentrating my energies on a dessert feast to follow.
And what a treat in sweets: gulam jamun, hot and delectable, kesari rice kheer, enjoyable without being memorable, kulfi and paan ice cream, each predictably tasty. And finally, moong dal ka halwa. Somewhat heavy, certainly delectable. It is very much like the food we have had.
Old Delhi in Noida, anyone?

Smartphone Makers Dial Up Growth in IndiaYou are here: Home Industries
Smartphone Makers Dial Up Growth in India
Agence France Presse | Updated On: September 07, 2014 12:27 (IST)
China Likely to Set Up Industrial Parks in India: Commerce Minister
New Delhi: Smartphone-makers are in a race to the bottom of India's economic pyramid as they battle for customers in the fast-growing low-end market segment where analysts say opportunities are vast.
India is now the quickest-expanding smartphone market globally and the third-largest market after China and the United States, according to Britain-based consultancy Canalys.
India "is a market that offers huge potential as hundreds of millions of users have yet to upgrade", said Jessica Kwee, an analyst at Canalys.
Sales in the country of 1.25 billion people rose by 84 per cent in the quarter to June from a year earlier as users traded up from basic handsets to more sophisticated models, spurred by ever lower prices.
Local and foreign companies alike are sacrificing profit margins to build market share in India, which counts 914 million mobile users, according to government data.
The cheapest smartphones now retail at Rs 2,000 ($33), down from an average Rs 15,000 two years ago.
Technology consultancy IDC India projects annual smartphone sales growth of around 40 per cent for the next five years in the price-sensitive nation, home to 33 per cent of the world's poor.
"A new entry-level price point is being breached by Indian home-grown vendors in every (financial) quarter," IDC analyst Karan Thakkar said.
Smartphones now hold a 10 per cent market share among India's mobile-phone-using population, according to IDC.
That 10 per cent figure is widely seen as a "tipping point" -- the moment when buyers start opting for smartphones over other phones, going by experiences in other countries.
And the below-$200 slice of the smartphone market is at the heart of the action, accounting for some four-fifths of total Indian smartphone sales, IDC says.
'A Time of Transformation'
California-based Mozilla, the non-profit organisation behind the open-source web browser Firefox, is the latest entry into India's cheap smartphone market.
Mozilla joined forces with Indian phonemaker Intex last month to launch a low-cost smartphone -- the Intex Cloud FX -- at 1,999 rupees.
Intex, which billed the smartphone as India's cheapest, said the first batch sold out in days. It aims to sell half-a-million handsets by the end of 2014.
Leading television channel NDTV's technology reviewer Jamshed Avari called the handset "a great start" for Firefox in India but warned of "agonising slowdowns" when operating it.
Intex's nearest smartphone rival price-wise is domestic handset-maker Spice, which sells its Firefox-powered Spice Fire One Mi-FX 1 for Rs 2,299, or $37.
Using Firefox slashes 30 per cent from prices of the closest Android-based competition, experts say. Other Indian handset-makers also have ultra-affordable Firefox-driven smartphones in the works.
The smartphone sales boom echoes India's initial staggering growth in mobile telephony in the last decade when the country was adding millions of new subscribers a month.
That frenetic growth has flattened -- the number of mobile users per 100 stands at 73.55 -- and now the focus is getting Internet access through smartphones.
"It's a time of transformation in the Indian mobile industry -- getting access to the Internet is where it's at," Vanitha Narayanan, IBM India managing director, told AFP.
Handset makers in India and other emerging markets have been leapfrogging fixed-line technology that was used in developed markets. They are employing mobile broadband to deliver Internet access to people who have no computers.
The replacement market now is propelling most mobile sales and the smartphone switchover is becoming much easier with the fall in prices and cheap monthly finance options.
All these developments could spell trouble for South Korean giant Samsung, which has targeted mainly high-end customers and leads the Indian smartphone market with a 29 per cent share, according to IDC.
It needs to move into the high-volume, low-cost segment more decisively, analysts say.
Samsung is being shadowed aggressively by local heavyweight Micromax, which has become India's No. 2 smartphone brand in six years and boasts Hollywood actor Hugh Jackman as its brand ambassador.
Micromax, which has targeted the low-end consumer, has an 18 per cent market share and is now moving upmarket as well as abroad with its phones.
"Samsung needs to continue to address the low end of the market aggressively and also needs a blockbuster product at the high end to regain momentum," said IDC's South Asia general manager Jaideep Mehta.
Apple deals at the top-price bracket but has been offering trade-in payments, instalment plans and older models to make its iconic phones more affordable -- a strategy it says has paid dividends, although its exact sales figures in India are not known.
Story first published on: September 07, 2014 12:25 (IST)

GM to offer connected car  automated driving technology in 20160
Also in 2016, GM will roll out Super Cruise as an option allowing hands-free highway driving at both highway and stop-and-go speeds, as well as lane following, speed control and braking in a new, unidentified 2017 Cadillac model in a segment where the company does not currently compete.
GM did not disclose either feature's cost, or timing on offering them on the No. 1 U.S. automaker's other brands.
GM will introduce the connected CTS sedan and the unnamed Cadillac with the Super Cruise feature in the United States.
In 1956, GM showed the Pontiac Firebird II concept that included a system to work with an electrical wire embedded in the highway to guide the car. Three years later, the rocket-like Cadillac Cyclone concept boasted an autopilot system that steered the car, and radar in front nose cones that warned of a collision and automatically applied the brakes.
Barra said the U.S. Congress can help develop vehicle-to-infrastructure communication with funding in the next federal transportation bill.
She also said GM is joining the University of Michigan and the state of Michigan to develop vehicle-to-infrastructure driving corridors on 120 miles (193 km) of metro Detroit roadways. State officials said Ford Motor Co is also part of the effort.
(Reporting by Ben Klayman in Detroit; Editing by Paul Simao)
Copyright © 2014, Chicago Tribune
Related Content

Microsoft Revamps MSN to Flow Across DevicesAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Richard Posner on the constitutional right to same-sex marriage — in 1997 versus todayBy Orin Kerr September 8
In the wake of Judge Posner’s opinion on same-sex marriage in Baskin v. Bogan , the Washington Blade has an interesting essay on Posner’s changing views about the constitutional case for that right. (Hat tip: How Appealing ) Specifically, the Blade points out a very interesting book review that Posner published in 1997 reviewing Bill Eskridge’s book “The Case for Same-Sex Marriage: From Sexual Liberty to Civilized Commitment.” At the time, Posner was unpersuaded that the Constitution recognized same-sex marriage:
I find Eskridge’s argument for recognizing homosexual marriage quite persuasive — but only as an argument addressed to a state legislature. His arguments for recognizing a federal constitutional right to same-sex marriage, which are pressed in the last two chapters of the book, are unconvincing. They are good lawyers’ arguments — cleverly distinguishing same-sex marriage from polygamous and incestuous marriage; building bridges from the Supreme Court’s decisions striking down state laws against interracial marriage and allowing prisoners to marry. . . .; and, of course, balancing the benefits of homosexual marriage against the costs to important state interests and finding that the former predominate.
There is nothing wrong with these arguments, except — a crucial except, however — the tacit assumption that the methods of legal casuistry are an adequate basis for compelling every state in the United States to adopt a radical social policy that is deeply offensive to the vast majority of its citizens and that exists in no other country of the world, and to do so at the behest of an educated, articulate, and increasingly politically effective minority that is seeking to bypass the normal political process for no better reason than impatience, albeit an understandable impatience. (Americans are an impatient people.) A decision by the Supreme Court holding that the Constitution entitles people to marry others of the same sex would be far more radical than any of the decisions cited by Eskridge. Its moorings in text, precedent, public policy, and public opinion would be too tenuous to rally even minimum public support. It would be an unprecedented example of judicial immodesty. That well-worn epithet “usurpative” would finally fit.
Although Posner’s views have changed in the intervening years, his 1997 review lays the groundwork for that change. Posner’s review stresses that changing public opinion about same-sex marriage would change his view of what the constitution protects:
I do not myself see a sharp line in constitutional law between what is right and what is acceptable. The judiciary is not a debating society. If most parents fear that recognizing same-sex marriage may distort the sexual development of their children or (otherwise) undermine the family, this is a datum that bears on a judgment whether the Constitution should be interpreted to override the refusal of the states to authorize same-sex marriage. Similarly, if no other country in the world authorizes such a thing, this is a datum that should give pause to a court inclined to legislate in the name of the Constitution. One would have to have more confidence in the power of reason than I do to decide novel issues of constitutional law that lie well removed from the constitutional text and history to be willing to ignore what the people affected by the issues think about them.
In other words, Posner was persuaded that the Constitution did not establish a right to same-sex marriage in 1997 in significant part because such an idea was considered so outside the mainstream of political thought at that time. “The country is not ready for Eskridge’s proposal,” he wrote, “and this must give pause to any impulse within an unelected judiciary to impose it on the country in the name of the Constitution.”
But changing public views could eliminate that pause, he explained. “[A]llow[] the matter to simmer for a while before the heavy artillery of constitutional rightsmaking is trundled out,” he suggested. “Let a state legislature or activist (but elected, and hence democratically responsive) state court adopt homosexual marriage as a policy in one state, and let the rest of the country learn from the results of its experiment.” Eventually “the public acceptability of a decision recognizing the new right” could change, Posner suggests, which might change his view of the constitutional question.
There’s more about Posner’s changing views in The Blade, but I thought the 1997 book review is particularly interesting after Baskin.
Orin Kerr is the Fred C. Stevenson Research Professor at The George Washington University Law School, where he has taught since 2001. He teaches and writes in the area of criminal procedure and computer crime law.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410151074/1410151074000/1410151074 tracking: {authors=Orin Kerr, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=richard-posner-on-the-constitutional-right-to-same-sex-marriage-in-1997-versus-today, post_id=13164, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 4:37:54 AM close date: Sep 22, 2014 4:37:54 AM

UBS dealers  survey confirms autos shifting to top gearSep 08, 2014, 11.25 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
UBS dealers' survey confirms autos shifting to top gear
According to a UBS survey of 40 dealers across India in August 2014, 88 percent of them expect an improvement in sales over the next two months, while 12 percent expect sales to be flat.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
UBS dealers' survey confirms autos shifting to top gear
According to a UBS survey of 40 dealers across India in August 2014, 88 percent of them expect an improvement in sales over the next two months, while 12 percent expect sales to be flat.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Even as the Indian economy starts revving up its growth engines, the so-far struggling auto sector has already started showing early signs of a turnaround. According to a UBS survey of 40 dealers across India in August 2014, 88 percent of them expect an improvement in sales over the next two months, while 12 percent expect sales to be flat.  
“45 percent of dealers reported a sequential increase in footfall and 38 percent of dealers reported a decline. 48 percent of dealers reported an increase in first-time customers, while 25 percent reported a decline. 80 percent of the dealers believe that sales growth would increase in FY15. Overall average growth expected by dealers in FY15 is 12 percent YoY,” the UBS survey says.
While inventory levels are marginally down, discounts had increased. However, dealers said finance availability was more liberal n the previous two months, while 20 percent said it was more restrained.
 
Footfall rise sequentially; first time customers up
Overall, 38 percent of the dealers have reported decline in footfall by 5-15 percent or more, with none of the dealers reporting more than 15 percent decline. About 35 percent of the dealers reported increase in footfall by 5-15 percent, while 18 percent of dealers stated that footfall has remained the same. Meanwhile, 10 percent of the dealers indicated that footfall increased by more than 15%.
 
 
 
In terms of new customers 25 percent of overall dealers noted a decline new car buyers, while 48 percent of dealers indicated an increase. About 28 percent of dealers said first time customers remained unchanged.
Maruti top bet, followed by Tata Motors
UBS believes  Maruti is best placed to capture pent-up demand driven by a strong new model cycle. “With its high petrol car exposure, Maruti should continue to benefit from shift in demand and recovery in entry segment. We also expect margins to be supported by increased capacity utilization and potential decline in discounts. We are now 21 percent ahead of consensus EPS for FY16,” the report said.
UBS has a price target of Rs 3,500 on the stock.  
For Tata Motors , the research firm says JLR EBITDA margins will remain in excess of 17 percent going forward, despite the FX headwind.   
“We expect this strong volume growth to support premium valuations for JLR ahead of global peers like BMW. As the largest CV player, domestic business should be a big beneficiary of economic revival.
We value Tata Motors on sum of parts basis. We value JLR at 5x FY16E EBITDA while we value domestic business at 10x FY16E EBITDA. We also add Rs42/share on account of JLR's stake 50% stake in the Chery JV,” the report said.  
UBS has a buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 550.
Posted By Sagar Salvi

Rupee Holds Steady at 60.27 Per DollarYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Holds Steady at 60.27 Per Dollar
Reuters | Updated On: September 08, 2014 13:21 (IST)
Dollar Sweeps to 14-month High, Kicks Oil Below $100
The rupee was trading at 60.26/27 versus Friday's close of 60.39/40 following weaker-than-expected US jobs data.
The RBI was likely buying dollars via state-run banks to prevent further fall in the pair, said traders.
Gains in the domestic share market were also weighing on the pair. Nifty was trading up 0.6 per cent.
Most other Asian currencies were also trading stronger compared to the dollar. The pair is seen holding in a 60.15 to 60.35 range during the rest of the session.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

British Stocks  Pound Fall; Asian Markets MeanderYour age at the time of marriage:
Current combined number of years of post-high school education:
Number of children from this marriage:
How religious are you as a couple from 1 to 10 (with 10 being the Pope):
Combined number of divorces between both of your parents:
Combined number of marriages between you and spouse:
Number of years you want to know if you'll still be married (Will I be married 10 years from now, 20 years from now, etc.)
Related Topics: Good Morning America , Education
Join the Discussion
You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer. Please click here to upgrade your browser in order to comment.

Europe banks lead charge in debt marketsLast updated: September 8, 2014 4:57 pm
Europe banks lead US debt markets charge
By Vivianne Rodrigues in New York and Christopher Thompson in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/97aa04da-3505-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Carlyle raises $3.9 billion for Asia fund  second largest for regionReuters |  Hong Kong Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 12:04 AM IST
Carlyle raises $3.9 bn for PE's 2nd biggest Asia fund
The fund is is 53% larger than the firm's previous fund for the region, and exceeded its target of $3.5 billion
Carlyle Group, one of the world's largest private equity firms, said on Monday it has closed its fourth Asia fund at $3.9 billion, the second-largest private equity fund ever raised for Asia investments. The new fund adds to an estimated record $140 billion of uninvested capital, or dry powder, that private equity firms have raised for the region, prompting worries that there is too much money chasing too few deals. But Carlyle's co-head of Asia buyouts, X D Yang, dismissed those concerns. "The regional economy has become much, much bigger. Ten years ago a $500 million equity investment was huge, but today it's a medium-sized deal," Yang told Reuters in an interview.
"The companies are getting bigger, the economies are getting bigger and the private equity funds and deals are getting bigger," he added.
Carlyle Asia Partners IV, which will invest in deals in Asia excluding Japan, is 53% larger than the firm's previous fund for the region, and exceeded its target of $3.5 billion.
It is second only to KKR & Co's
$6 billion Asia fund raised last year, and has already invested $700 million in equity in security systems firm ADT Korea.
By comparison, since the close of KKR's fund in July last year, KKR has announced eight deals which if completed would be worth around $2 billion in equity.
Carlyle is also raising funds for a separate fund to invest in Japan, aiming to gather as much as $1 billion, investors with knowledge of the plans have told Reuters.
FEES CUT
The fundraising for Carlyle's fourth Asia fund was not easy, with KKR's record fund as well as other rivals providing stiff competition for capital. Like others in the industry, Carlyle cut its fees and brought in high net worth investors to help with the fund-raising.
Investors with direct knowledge of the matter said Carlyle reduced its management fees to 1.5% from the usual 2%. It also hired Goldman Sachs
to raise money from the bank's private wealth clients, at a fee of 3% of capital raised. They declined to be identified as Carlyle has not made the details public.
Carlyle declined to comment on aspects of its fundraising. A representative for Goldman Sachs was not immediately available for comment.
Yang said many of Carlyle's investments over the next five to seven years would be in companies likely to benefit from strong economic growth in the region.
He believes restructurings of China's state-owned enterprises, like the one being conducted at oil giant Sinopec Corp, as well as growth in the country's emerging technology companies offer opportunities for big ticket deals.
"Look at the new economy in China, and you see the scale of companies like Alibaba. That's a sector where you could see someone make a $500 million investment at the right time, and maybe achieve a $5 billion profit," he said.
Yang, who joined Carlyle in 2001 after stints at Merrill and Goldman, is the man behind the firm's signature Asia deal, an investment in China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co Ltd (CPIC).
It gave Carlyle its biggest dollar profit on an investment globally, with the private equity firm garnering a total profit of over $4 billion - five times the amount it invested between 2005 and 2007 for a 17% stake.
 Advertisements

Srinagar: Flood-hit civilians decry doctors  indifference as newborn babies dieIndian laborers carry relief material for flood-affected victims in Poonch, around 276 kilometers (166 miles) from Jammu. ( Source: AP )
Written by Pranav Kulkarni | Srinagar | Posted: September 8, 2014 3:10 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 3:16 pm
Amongst the overflowing occupants of the 92 base hospital at the Badamibagh cantonment are six infants in incubators between the age group of 4 to 17 days who were rescued by the army . Seven more children were brought dead and have been kept in the mortuary.
Thirty five year old Javed Bhat’s wife delivered a baby boy five days ago in Sopore. When the baby did not cry, Bhat was advised to bring him to GB Pant ICU in an ambulance. Three days later, Bhat and his two-day old son were isolated on the second floor of the hospital with his mother still in Sopore and clueless whether her baby is alive or dead.
“It was Friday and half of the people said that there will not be floods . I was worried because the baby’s mother was not with him. I bought food from outside but the baby wasn’t consuming that. Instead, he was shivering. We kept shouting that please save us. Finally, yesterday (Sunday), an army boat came and rescued us along with other parents and their babies,” said Bhat.
The anger amongst civilian population against the GB Pant hospital was clearly visible as Younis Ahmed, 30, resident of Sharifabad, who has a ten-day old baby, said, “Ten babies died in front of me in the hospital. The doctors and the staff there would cook and have food on the top floor, even as the patients and crying children were left unfed and deprived of medicines. They were more bothered about the mobile connectivity and about the fact that their cars were submerged in water”.
Gousia Jan, 20, a resident of Pral, spent seven days in G B Pant hospital and she was rescued on Sunday evening by the army’s rescue boats. Fourteen boats from the Badamibagh relief centre have been relentlessly doing the rounds of Srinagar city through roads that have turned into a river, a total of 130 patients, including children and elderly, are feared to have been trapped inside the hospital.
Brig N S Lamba, director, 92, base hospital, said, “I have a capacity of 600 patients and presently we already have 500. This, when my own army personnel are being treated elsewhere. The seven dead children who are a few days old have been kept in the mortuary. We are expecting the number of patients continued…

The only way to make mooncakes worse is to add gutter oilAdam Pasick @adampasick
September 8, 2014
Just in case you needed another excuse not to eat mooncakes, the sweet, dense, calorie-laden pastries that are exchanged at China’s mid-autumn festival, Hong Kongers are now worried that many have been contaminated by “gutter oil”—the sickening cooking oil that is reclaimed from kitchen waste, leather tanneries, and slaughterhouses.
Unlike the tainted meat that recently was withdrawn from KFC and McDonald’s outlets in mainland China, this rather disgusting scandal has its roots in Taiwan. A company called Chang Guann purchased 240 tonnes (264 tons) of gutter oil, sourced from grease traps and fryers , from an unlicensed factory. Then Chang Guann resold it to hundreds of restaurants and food companies, including a supplier to the Hong Kong bakery Maxim’s, which makes mooncakes and other pastries
Maxim’s mooncakes are now being tested for traces of gutter oil. The bakery also sold nearly a million potentially-tainted pineapple buns (a breakfast and teatime treat, that, confusingly, contains no pineapple ) over the last three years at its stores, the convenience chain 7-Eleven, and other shops including two Hong Kong Starbucks outlets, according to the South China Morning Post  (paywall). Maxim’s has pulled all its pineapple buns from the market, and said that from now on it will source lard from Holland instead.
Gutter oil can cause gastrointestinal distress and pose serious health risks, depending on its trace contaminants, which can include heavy metals and carcinogenic toxins. It may also impact the already suffering mooncake industry, as Hong Kong authorities are now testing dozens of mooncakes and other pastries in the city, ahead of the mid-autumn festivities that take place tonight.
As Quartz has reported , sales of mooncake sales have declined sharply in recent years in mainland China due to the government’s corruption crackdown. The pastries were often used to curry favor with government officials, with luxury gold and silver gift boxes going for thousands of dollars. Many more were given and received than were consumed—an environmental group said that Hong Kongers alone throw away 1.5 million uneaten mooncakes per year.
China’s government-run People Daily reported that thanks to the corruption crackdown, the mid-autumn festival “ is no longer a burdensome affair ” for government officials who were once swamped by offerings. “I had to accept so many mooncakes as gifts that my family would have to eat them for breakfast for weeks,” one civil servant told the newspaper .
Share this:

New Plan Avoids Mud Dumping in Barrier Reef ParkAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

God particle  could destroy the universe anytime: Stephen HawkingAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Rupee to hold at Rs 58-62 per dollar; RBI to buy $40 bn by Mar-16: BofAPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 02:54 PM IST
Rupee to hold at Rs 58-62 per dollar; RBI to buy $40 bn by Mar-16: BofA
The appreciation in the US dollar notwithstanding, the rupee is expected to trade in the 58-62 range supported by softening of global oil prices and curbs on gold imports, says a Bank of America Merrill Lynch report.
The appreciation in the US dollar notwithstanding, the rupee is expected to trade in the 58-62 range supported by softening of global oil prices and curbs on gold imports, says a Bank of America Merrill Lynch report.
The global brokerage firm further said that the Reserve Bank of India would need to raise $40 billion by March 2016, just to maintain import cover at the present eight months.
It said the factors that are supporting the Indian rupee include softening of oil prices, the continuation of gold import curbs and rising FII equity inflows.
"We expect the RBI to hold Rs 58-62/$for now even though the US Dollar has strengthened below 1.30/Euro," BofA-ML said in a research note, adding that rising FII equity inflows at $9.6 billion so far this fiscal has also led to a helping hand to the rupee.
The rupee today recovered by 15 paise to 60.24 against the dollar in early trade on increased selling of the American currency by exporters and banks amid sustained foreign fund inflows.
"We continue to expect RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan to buy FX at Rs 58+/$to guard against contagion," the report noted.
Rajan has also said that RBI is preparing for any rate hikes by the US Federal Reserve by building an adequate level of foreign exchange.
"Any emerging market today is going to look at the currency volatility and say 'whatever money comes in, I'm going to be careful about it, I'm going to build some reserves..," he had said in Chicago last week.
According to the BofA-ML report, restrictions on gold imports is expected to contain the current account deficit at 1.7 per cent of GDP in FY15.
The rupee would price-in the eventual liberalisation of gold imports and this in turn would push up the current account deficit to 2.4 per cent of GDP in FY16, especially if pent up demand leads to a jump in gold imports, it added.
According to BofA-ML gold price is expected to be at $1375/oz in 2015.
 Advertisements

He mesmerised with his voiceUpdated: September 4, 2014 17:18 IST
He mesmerised with his voice
V. BALASUBRAMANIAN
The Hindu In top form: Abhishek Raghuram. Photo: K.V. Srinivasan
The Hindu Abhishek Raghuram performing at the HCL Concert Series. Photo: K.V. Srinivasan
TOPICS
classical music
Scholarly... that’s the word that best described Abhishek Raghuram that day.
The backdrop on stage said it all about young Abhishek Raghuram’s concert at The Music Academy. It read ‘Expressions of the mind - Celebrating excellence in performing arts’. The occasion was the annual HCL Concert Series. Listening to yet another scholarly performance by Abhishek, one could not resist comparing it with the power-packed concerts of Madurai T.N. Seshagopalan in the early 1970s.
‘Kari Kalaba’ (Saveri-Rupakam-Dikshitar) was the first offering. A different treatment to the kriti in terms of speed set the momentum for the rest of the performance. The level of maturity in Abhishek’s music was evident in his less-than-a- minute alapana of Kedaram, where he showcased its essence.
The charanam lines of Dikshitar’s ‘Ananda Natana Prakasam’ were captivating, particularly the way he began ‘Viswesvaram’ from madhyamam. A simple swara segment gave room for a raga-based approach.
A Begada essay led to classic ‘Tyagarajaya Namaste,’ another Dikshitar kriti, making it three in succession. He built Ranjani at a leisurely pace with elongated phrases. M.A. Sundaresan (violin) toed a different line in his reply.
Abhishek sang Tyagaraja’s ‘Durmarga Chara’ with an array of swaras for ‘Palukubotinisabhalona.’ It was refreshing to listen to it after a long time in a concert. Abhishek then took up Thodi and researched its mandara sthayi before proceeding to the next octave.
An instinctive musician that Abhishek is, he completed the alapana quickly and went on to sing ‘Karunanidhi Ilalo,’ (Syama Sastri-Adi). A detailed niraval explored the raga in depth for the charanam lines, ‘Komala Mrdu Bhashini.’ His demeanour, even while freewheeling in the tara sthayi and smiling at his accompanists, was pleasing. Gifted with an uncanny style, Anantha R. Krishnan’s (mridangam) nadais and teermanams pepped up the proceedings. He sportingly offered several opportunities to B. Sree Sundar Kumar (ganjira) to go solo and Kumar proved his mettle.
The toast of the evening, Mohanam, presented as the main raga for about 18 minutes, had everything in it. Abhishek went full-throat but without sounding harsh. He used akara, ekara and makara phrases, the spurita and pratyahata gamakas in the jantaswaras and longish rests on jeeva swaras, making it a soul-satisfying experience. The tanam was left to M.A.S. His strong grooming let him unleash a variety of bowing and fingering techniques.
‘Lalithe Vinuthe’ in rettai kalai adi with eduppu at one and half mathra after samam was the pallavi executed in style with a tricky ragamalika presentation towards the end, with Varali, Sindhubhairavi and Behag.
Anantha R. Krishnan and B. Sree Sundar Kumar combined well to present a thani that was replete with breath taking styles. The end pieces included Annamayya (‘Adi Deva’ -Revathi), Swati Tirunal (‘Tharuni Njan’ –Dwijavanti), Purandaradasar (‘Rama Jyothi’ - Khamas).
Favouring the classical arts
HCL, a 7 billion dollar group, operates out of 31 countries. With 170 offices in India, it has a major presence in Tamil Nadu and Uttar Pradesh. providing employment opportunities to the deserving. Highlighting these facts, its president .J.V. Ramamurthy went on to add that as a corporate house it did not lag behind in its social responsibility and that its engineering college in Chennai and the Shiv Nadar University in NOIDA, were proof enough. HCL also has been promoting fine arts both in Delhi (India Habitat Centre) and Chennai (The Music Academy, Madras) by sponsoring classical music concerts on a monthly basis. N. Murali, president, The Music Academy, Chennai, recalled the eight-year association with HCL. He said the concerts have helped many budding artists to prove their worth and march ahead in their careers. He announced that HCL has now come forward to sponsor dance performances too, on a quarterly basis. He also gratefully recalled the donation of Rs. one crore given by the Shiv Nadar Foundation for the renovation of the mini hall, where the monthly HCL concerts are held. The chief guest, Professor M.S. Swaminathan, founder chairman and chief mentor, UNESCO Chair in Ecotechnology, M.S. Swaminathan Research Foundation, Chennai, shared his experience of listening to Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer and Kumbakonam Rajamanickam Pillai. As a person involved in genetics, he said he could understand how well it has been working out for Abhishek, as his mother hails from the Lalgudi family and his paternal grandfather is Palghat Raghu, the mridangam maestro

Futures edge lower after five-week rallyGoldman Sachs recommends Kroger calls ahead of earnings
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kroger Co has been a strong performer in 2014, rising almost 31 percent year-to-date, but Goldman Sachs thinks investors are underestimating the grocery-store chain and recommends buying calls in the company ahead of its results.
Goldman analyst Stephen Grambling expects the company to raise its full-year profit outlook when it reports results on Sept. 11. His forecast for Kroger's earnings in the current quarter are also ahead of consensus expectations.

America s wealth gap  unsustainable   may wo...America's wealth gap 'unsustainable,' may worsen: Harvard study
Reuters Sep 8, 2014, 04.57PM IST
(Respondents of the 2014…)
BOSTON: The widening gap between America's wealthiest and its middle and lower classes is "unsustainable", but is unlikely to improve any time soon, according to a Harvard Business School study released on Monday.
The study, titled "An Economy Doing Half its Job", said American companies - particularly big ones - were showing some signs of recovering their competitive edge on the world stage since the financial crisis, but that workers would likely keep struggling to demand better pay and benefits.
"We argue that such a divergence is unsustainable," according to the report, which was based on a survey of 1,947 of Harvard Business School alumni around the globe, and which highlighted problems with the US education system, transport infrastructure, and the effectiveness of the political system.
Some 47 per cent of respondents in the survey said that over the next three years they expected US companies to be both less competitive internationally and less able to pay higher wages and benefits, versus 33 per cent who thought the opposite.
The results marked an improvement from a 2012 Harvard Business School survey of its alumni showing 58 per cent of respondents expecting a decline in US competitiveness, according to the survey.
But Harvard wrote, respondents of the 2014 survey "were much more hopeful about the future competitive success of America's firms than they were about the future pay of America's workers."
Harvard called on corporate leaders to help solve America's wealth gap by working to buttress the kindergarten-to-12th-grade education system, skills-training programs, and transportation infrastructure, among other things.
"Shortsighted executives may be satisfied with an American economy whose firms win in global markets without lifting US living standards. But any leader with a long view understands that business has a profound stake in the prosperity of the average American," according to the report.
"Thriving citizens become more productive employees, more willing consumers, and stronger supporters of pro-business policies," it said. "Struggling citizens are disgruntled at work, frugal at the cash register, and anti-business at the ballot box."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex  Niffy hit new peaksUpdated: September 8, 2014 23:50 IST
Sensex surges to new high
Special Correspondent
AP Stock markets hit fresh highs on Monday on the back of gains in refinery, IT, metal and capital goods shares amid robust fund inflows. (File photo)
TOPICS
stock exchanges
Oil stocks lead the rally as Sensex rises 293.15 points and Nifty surges 87.05 points on Monday.
Stock indices surged to all-time high on Monday following investors’ keen interest in equities amid hopes of strong a growth in the economy as rupee hit a high of 60.21 a dollar at the inter-bank foreign exchange market.
The rupee, however, closed at 60.29 against its previous close of 60.39 a dollar last Friday.
The S&P BSE Sensex closed at 27319.85 with a gain of 293.15 points or 1.08 per cent. It touched a high of 27354.99 intra-day.
Among broader indices, BSE 100 was up by 1.11 per cent, BSE 200 1.14 per cent and BSE 500 1.17 per cent. While mid-cap stocks gained by 1.29 per cent, the small-cap stocks shot up by 2.11 per cent.
Shares of oil marketing companies surged as crude oil prices dipped in the global markets.
The rise among sectoral indices was led by oil & gas stocks by 1.79 per cent followed by FMCG 1.40 per cent, banks 1.38 per cent and capital goods 1.29 per cent. Except consumer durables, which lost 0.22 per cent, all other sectoral indices have ended in the positive territory.
On the National Stock Exchange (NSE), the 50-share Nifty closed at 8173.90 with a gain of 87.05 points.
“After a brief pause, the markets have once again resumed their uptrend in the past few days. Especially mid-cap stocks are once again flying. This should not be a surprise, as we have been reiterating that there is a lot of value on this market ,and that equities are headed for a long bull run,” said Vaibhav Agrawal Vice President-Research, Angel Broking.

Israel police bust ‘messianic’ sex trade ringPrint
Agence-France Presse | Jerusalem | Posted: September 8, 2014 5:43 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 5:59 pm
Israeli police say they have broken a prostitution ring where Jewish women were brainwashed into having sex with non-Jewish men as a path to religious redemption. Court documents seen by AFP on Monday show the prime suspect was an eccentric 60-year-old man from Kiryat Arba, a hardline settlement in the southern West Bank.
Police say they arrested a group of eight “messianic” men and women who targeted vulnerable women and “prostituted them under the influence of drugs and alcohol.” They told them that having sex specifically with non-Jews would “save the Jewish people and bring about redemption.”
Superintendent Arik Mordechai, who is heading the investigation, told Haaretz newspaper that some 15 women had been recruited, some of whom were believed to be minors. Their “clients” included Palestinians from the West Bank and foreign workers from Tel Aviv, the newspaper said.
The affair was brought to the attention of police by an extremist Israeli group which fights against intermarriage. Lehava leader Bentzi Gopstein said the prostitution ring was operational for six to seven years and involved “four or five women.” He said the ringleaders had exploited the women’s gullibility.

Sushma Swaraj does not rule out Modi-Sharif meeting at UNGAThe government will respond according to the situation that develops, said Sushma Swaraj. (Source: AP)
Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 5:34 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 5:50 pm
India Monday did not rule out a meeting between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Pakistani Premier Nawaz Sharif on the margins of UN General Assembly session later this month, with External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj saying the government will respond according to the situation that develops.
Talking to media persons here on 100 days’ work of her ministry, Sushma Swaraj said the government will not go to the UNGA session with a predetermined mindset concerning talks with Pakistan.
“We well respond as the situation develops. We are not going with a predetermined mindset,” she said in response to a query.
India called off the Foreign Secretary -level talks with Pakistan last month after Islamabad’s high commissioner here Abdul Basit met separatist leaders from Jammu and Kashmir. The Foreign Secretary-level talks were scheduled to be the precursor to the bilateral meeting between Modi and Sharif in New York.
We well respond as the situation develops. We are not going with a predetermined mindset

Leading economies stuck on stable growth pat...benchmark
(The lack of overall signs…)
PARIS: Growth is stuck on a stable growth path in advanced economies, with the United States, Canada and Britain on a steady rise but Germany and Italy are showing signs of slowing down, the OECD said on Monday.
There is widespread concern that the 18-member eurozone economy is flagging at a level of weak growth, and the latest leading indicators from the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development showed that the single currency zone is stuck on this growth path.
This will be seen as disappointing since governments and economists are looking for signs that the weak eurozone recovery is picking up speed.
The lack of overall signs that the world economy, and notably the most advanced economies, are gathering speed will also be seen as disappointing.
Christine Lagarde, the head of the International Monetary Fund which produces benchmark forecasts, hinted in the Les Echos newspaper in Paris on Monday that the organisation could lower its outlook for world growth this year.
"We are in the process of updating our forecasts. World growth should be just above three per cent this year, between 3.0 and 3.5 per cent," Christine Lagarde told the newspaper.
The IMF had previously forecast global growth at 3.4 per cent for this year, and will release new projections on October 7.
Lagarde said world growth was "too weak, fragile and uneven". The fragile state of the eurozone, and the increasing threat of deflation , led the European Central Bank to take strong action last week to inject cash into the economy in the hope this will boost growth and push up prices.
The French economy, widely seen as being at risk of returning to recession , is showing "stable" growth momentum, the OECD said in its monthly survey of composite leading indicators.
The French government recently halved its outlook for growth this year to 0.5 per cent and is looking desperately for ways of raising the growth rate.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chapel Down launches crowdfunding pushSeptember 8, 2014 12:23 pm
Chapel Down launches crowdfunding push
By Andy Sharman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c398528c-3720-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rupee to Hold at Rs. 58-62: BofA-MLDollar Sweeps to 14-month High, Kicks Oil Below $100
New Delhi:
The appreciation in the US dollar notwithstanding, the rupee is expected to trade in the 58-62 range supported by softening of global oil prices and curbs on gold imports, says a Bank of America Merrill Lynch report.
The rupee today closed at over 1-month high of 60.29/dollar, its highest level since July 30, when it ended at 60.06.
The global brokerage firm further said that the Reserve Bank of India would need to raise $40 billion by March 2016, just to maintain import cover at the present eight months.
It said the factors that are supporting the Indian rupee include softening of oil prices, the continuation of gold import curbs and rising FII equity inflows.
"We expect the RBI to hold Rs 58-62/USD for now even though the US Dollar has strengthened below 1.30/Euro," BofA-ML said in a research note, adding that rising FII equity inflows at $9.6 billion so far this fiscal has also led to a helping hand to the rupee.
"We continue to expect RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan to buy FX at Rs 58+/USD to guard against contagion," the report noted.
Dr Rajan has also said that RBI is preparing for any rate hikes by the US Federal Reserve by building an adequate level of foreign exchange.
"Any emerging market today is going to look at the currency volatility and say 'whatever money comes in, I'm going to be careful about it, I'm going to build some reserves..," he had said in Chicago last week.
According to the BofA-ML report, restrictions on gold imports is expected to contain the current account deficit at 1.7 per cent of GDP in FY15.
The rupee would price in the eventual liberalisation of gold imports and this in turn would push up the current account deficit to 2.4 per cent of GDP in FY16, especially if pent up demand leads to a jump in gold imports, it added.
According to BofA-ML gold price is expected to be at $1375/oz in 2015.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 17:21 (IST)

Origo Commodities partners with PNB to finance farmers  MSMEsOrigo Commodities partners with PNB to finance farmers, MSMEs
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 8:  
Origo Commodities, which is into post-harvest management services, today said it has signed an agreement with the Punjab National Bank for providing finances to farmers and MSMEs against warehouse receipts.
Punjab National Bank has entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Origo Commodities India Pvt Ltd for warehouse receipt financing and is targeting to disburse Rs 500 crore this fiscal.
“Under this MoU, PNB, through warehouse receipts issued by Origo, will cater to the needs of MSMEs and farmers by providing financing against a pledge of agricultural commodities,” Origo Commodities said in a statement.
“Both MSMEs and farmers are expected to benefit greatly from this association as Origo and PNB target a disbursement of over Rs 500 crore in the current financial year under this tie up,” it added.
The MoU has been signed on a pan-India basis, but there would be a significant focus in southern India.
Origo Commodities is a post-harvest solutions and warehouse management services company in India. It currently operates 300+ warehouses and has over 3.5 million tonnes of commodities with value of $1.5 billion under management.
Its services include commodity handling, collateral management and procurement services to farmers, producers, processors and corporate houses.
“This initiative would help change the dynamics of commodity supply chains at the farmer level by creating the opportunity for farmers to fetch a higher price for their produce and protect them from the hassles of distress selling,” said, SS Bhatia, GM, MSME, PNB.
MSME financing would help create agriculture and allied infrastructure at rural level and would support farmers and MSME entrepreneurs, he added.
Commenting on the tie-up, Origo Commodities Director Mayank Dhanuka said the association with PNB would help the company reach wider and diversified markets and play a significant role in transforming the rural supply chains.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

FinMin pitches for sovereign rating upgrade with Moody sFinMin pitches for sovereign rating upgrade with Moody's
K. R. Srivats
New Delhi, Sept. 8:  
The Finance Ministry on Monday made a case for international rating agency Moody's to upgrade
their sovereign rating of India, stating that the economic recovery was strong and efforts are on to
keep the fiscal deficits within targeted levels.
Moody's Investors Services had assigned 'Baa3' rating on India, with stable outlook.
With India's macro-economic fundamentals looking up and growth impulses back, there is a case for a rating upgrade, senior Finance Ministry officials conveyed to the Moody's team at a meeting at North Block here.
"We presented our case. The growth is coming back. The budget has strong growth impulses and response of the economy is positive", Arvind Mayaram, Finance Secretary, told reporters here after the meeting.
Moody's representatives had expressed concern about fiscal deficit and the Indian side had sought to comfort them on this front, stating that efforts are being taken to keep the fiscal deficit within the targeted levels.
Mayaram also said that an Expenditure Management Commission headed by Bimal Jalan would look at broad contours of subsidy rationalisation -- which could augur well for fiscal deficit management.
srivats.kr@thehindu.co.in
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Paint industry to establish council to address skills gapPaint industry to establish council to address skills gap
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept 8:  
Indian Paints Association (IPA) has proposed National Skill Development Corporation to establish a ‘Sector Skill Council’ for the coatings industry to address its skill gaps.`
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy, President of IPA and MD of Akzo Nobel India, said that the proposal identified 20 skill sets of which 14 relate to the employees working in the paints-manufacturing units. “The balance six relate to individuals working outside the industry (the painters), but who have a tremendous impact on the performance of the coatings manufactured”, he said.
The proposed council would act as an enabler for enhancing the delivery mechanism for promoting the skills sets.
Some 1.6 million painters are available today for non-industrial coating applications.
“With the industry foreseeing a consumption growth of 10 per cent, it could be estimated that 1.5 lakh additional skilled painters would be required every year for applications”, Krishnaswamy added.
The Council would also set the standards for imparting skills sets to both the existing and new workforce joining the paint industry. “The existing training institutes including ITI's and other private institutes would be actually imparting the skills training”, he explained.
During 2013-14, the overall production of paints in the country was about 3,115 million litres having achieved a growth of around 6 per cent over the previous year. In value terms, its revenue grew 12 per cent to Rs 31,360 crore last year.
The overall per capita consumption of paints is estimated to be 2.6 kgs a year, of which two kgs are the per capita consumption in the decorative paints and the balance is for industrial use.
The Governments plan for smart cities and growth as well in realties have made the industry hopeful of improvement in the decorative paints going forward.
Growth in automotive industry, which consumes nearly 45 per cent of industrial paints, has the potential to generate demand.
A fall in interest rates and stable fuel prices might improve sales, IPA president pointed out. IPA saw opportunity for growth in corrosion resistant paints segment.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Govt to make it mandatory for scientists to take lecture classes in schoolsGovt to make it mandatory for scientists to take lecture classes in schools
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 8:  
Thousands of Government scientists employed in various departments and laboratories will soon have to mandatory take lecture classes in schools and under-graduate colleges.
Announcing this ‘new concept’ at a press conference to showcase his Ministry’s 100-day performance here on Monday, Science and Technology Minister Jitendra Singh said every scientist will have to mandatorily take classes at least 12 hours a year without any honorarium and would be part of the duty the scientists have committed to. The focus schools would be Government-owned and aided, but private ones could also be included, he added.
“An annual evaluation will be done of the work done by each scientist and every three years a performance evaluation will be done,” said Singh, adding that his Ministry would collaborate with the Human Resource Development Ministry to work out the modalities as soon as possible .
The Minister said this kind of engagement would be “free of any honorarium” and it would be part of the duty the scientists have already committed to do.
Singh also announced a special promotion scheme called KIRAN (Knowledge, Involvement, Research, Advancement through Nurturing) for women scientists to “bring about gender parity” in the field of science and technology.
Asked if this scheme was “old wine in a new bottle” as schemes for women scientists were already there during the previous UPA regime, Singh said, “this is a new wine in a new bottle,” adding that there was nothing wrong in carrying forward initiatives announced by the previous Governments.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Son in rape case: Railways Minister Sadandada Gowda invokes lawAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Primark lays out US expansion ambitionsLast updated: September 8, 2014 4:28 pm
Primark lays out US expansion ambitions
By Claer Barrett in London and Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1621d92e-3721-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Israel police bust  messianic  sex trade ringPrint
Agence-France Presse | Jerusalem | Posted: September 8, 2014 5:43 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 5:59 pm
Israeli police say they have broken a prostitution ring where Jewish women were brainwashed into having sex with non-Jewish men as a path to religious redemption. Court documents seen by AFP on Monday show the prime suspect was an eccentric 60-year-old man from Kiryat Arba, a hardline settlement in the southern West Bank.
Police say they arrested a group of eight “messianic” men and women who targeted vulnerable women and “prostituted them under the influence of drugs and alcohol.” They told them that having sex specifically with non-Jews would “save the Jewish people and bring about redemption.”
Superintendent Arik Mordechai, who is heading the investigation, told Haaretz newspaper that some 15 women had been recruited, some of whom were believed to be minors. Their “clients” included Palestinians from the West Bank and foreign workers from Tel Aviv, the newspaper said.
The affair was brought to the attention of police by an extremist Israeli group which fights against intermarriage. Lehava leader Bentzi Gopstein said the prostitution ring was operational for six to seven years and involved “four or five women.” He said the ringleaders had exploited the women’s gullibility.

Thinking about buying Apple today Read this firstAvoid iPhone hype: Apple stock lags
By: Matt Krantz September 8, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during the introduction of the iPhone 5 in 2012. (Eric Risberg, AP)
Seems like a smart plan: Buy Apple (AAPL) stock today. Wait until tomorrow — for the expected new iPhone announcement. Bam. Instant riches. Right? Not so iFast.
Speculators and traders trying to jump into Apple stock before iPhone announcements have actually gotten pretty ho-hum short term returns — and stock market reactions are getting even lower as each new iPhone gets increasingly incremental.
Apple’s stock, on average, has risen 0.3% on the day of the announcement of every new iPhone starting with the original model on Jan. 9, 2007 through the 5C and 5S on Sept. 10, 2013 (see chart below). That return is identical to the average returns of the Standard & Poor’s 500 during the same time periods.
Announcement dates Wikipedia, stock prices S&P Capital IQ via Microsoft Excel
But much of this first-day reaction to the announcement is largely skewed by the strong, 8.3%, gain following the unveiling of the first, original iPhone. Not a single new iPhone announcement has received that kind of reception from investors since. Excluding the announcement of the first iPhone, shares of Apple on average actually fell 1% on the first day.
Apple’s stock didn’t perform much better over the 30 days following the announcement of each new iPhone model. Shares of Apple have dropped 1.4% on average following the seven past iPhone announcements in the following 30 days. That compared with a 0.4% average gain by the S&P 500 during the same time.
Announcement dates-Wikipedia, stock prices S&P Capital IQ via Microsoft Excel
Take for instance the market reaction to the most recent new iPhones: the 5S and the 5C on Sept. 10, 2013. Shares fell 2.3% on the day of the announcement. And 30 days later? Apple stock was down 3.3%. Investors would have been better off with the S&P 500, which rose 0.7% on the day of the announcement and gained 1.2% in the following 30 days.
Chart source: MSN Money
There’s no doubt that Apple stock has been a huge winner long term. And the iPhone is a pivotal product for Apple, accounting for about half its stock price, Trefis says. But investors thinking that buying right ahead of an announcement is an easy way to profit — especially as the wow factor is long gone in yet another model of a smartphone — may need to rethink their strategy.
iPhone model

Here are some top picks from Vishal JajooLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here are some top picks from Vishal Jajoo
Watch the interview of Vishal Jajoo of Nirmal Bang with Menaka Doshi & Senthil  Chengalvarayan on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his readings and outlook on markets and specific stocks.
Post your opinion here

Rupee strengthens against dollar to settle at 60.26Rupee strengthens against dollar to settle at 60.26
India needs USD 4.7 tn investment for 7 pc growth: CIIIndia needs USD 4.7 tn investment for 7 pc growth: CII
Electrolux to boost U.S. presence with $3.3 bln GE Appliances buyElectrolux to boost U.S. presence with $3.3 bln GE Appliances buy
Rupee to hold at 58-62 level  says BofA-MLRupee to hold at 58-62 level  says BofA-ML
European Union says latest sanctions on Russia to be implemented on MondayEuropean Union says latest sanctions on Russia to be implemented on Monday
Ukraine ceasefire overall held  still shaky: OSCEUkraine ceasefire overall held  still shaky: OSCE
Stocks that were buzzing in trade todayStocks that were buzzing in trade today
Indian markets hit another recordIndian markets hit another record
Venus eyes USD 15 mn from meropenem; ties up with MylanVenus eyes USD 15 mn from meropenem; ties up with Mylan
Stocks of PSU OMCs in demand; surge up to 4% on oil dropStocks of PSU OMCs in demand; surge up to 4% on oil drop
Cipla enters Czech Republic and Slovakia  joins hands with S&D PharmaBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 12:42 AM IST
Cipla ties up with S&D Pharma to enter Czech Republic & Slovakia
Cipla to drive its respiratory products through its own sales team, managed by Cipla commercial head
Mumbai-based Cipla Global, the multinational pharmaceutical and biotechnology company, has entered into a commercial collaboration with S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
Cipla, which is led by Y K Hamied (pictured) will drive its respiratory products portfolio in both European countries through a company sales team.
S&D Pharma, which represents other global drug companies in the two countries, will physically distribute all products, including those to treat respiratory ailments. The portfolio will increase over the next few years.  
In the near future, once regulatory and reimbursement approvals are in place, a Salmeterol-Fluticasone fixed combination will be launched in both markets under the Fullhale name.
Apart from Croatia, where the combination is already available under the name of Duohal, Cipla recently launched the product in Germany and Sweden. On Monday, Cipla shares closed at Rs 563.4, up by 1.1 per cent on the BSE.  Last week, Cipla had announced  it’s wholly owned subsidiary, Medispray Laboratories, would acquire two manufacturing undertakings worth Rs 100 crore.     
The first facility, at Goa, is owned by Okasa Pvt Ltd and the second, at Satara (Maharashtra), by Okasa Pharma.
 Advertisements

Vidya Herbs aims at Rs 200 crore turnover this fiscalQuattro CMD Raman Roy on leveraging offshore investments
One of the major contributors in making Quattro Global Services' business worth $20 billion, CMD Raman Roy says Quattro wants to be the company which brings offshore capabilities, manage services alongwith platforms to the mid-market, which lacks the technology needed to leverage offshore components.
How New Delhi Centre for Sight is growing pan-India
The New Delhi Centre for Sight, which became a specialised eye care centre in 2001-02, aims to become the largest opthalmology centre in India and abroad by 2020. Chairman and Medical Director Dr Mahipal S Sachdev says the super-speciality eye care centre has close to 50 outlets in the country.
How Monarch Catalyst fulfills its environmental responsibility
One of the foremost companies to turn waste into resourceful raw  materials, Monarch Catalyst's most recent effort is that of  environmental effectiveness. The company plans to optimise its  electricity usage by bringign it down by at least 25 per cent, says  Director Krishnan Muthukumar.

Bingo Game has become popular among peopleDr Kenneth Thorpe on rising non communicable diseases in India
The number of people with non-communicable diseases like diabetes and blood pressure are high and rising, says Dr Kenneth Thorpe, which largely impacts the health care system. He suggests finding solutions to prevent the growth of these chronic diseases and ensuring earlier detection.
'7 Degree Brauhaus is the only authentic Bavarian Microbrewery in India'
After understanding the concept of microbreweries from Belgium, Austria and Germany, Sanjay Mathur opened 7 Degrees Brahaus, the Bavarian Microbrewery which makes German beers strictly based on a law dated 1516. It also has a Beer Enthusiasts Club, which has over 300 members.
How beer is made in the 7 Degrees Brauhaus Microbrewery
Brewing Executive at 7 Degrees Brauhaus, Rahul Baliyan takes you on a tour of the Microbrewery which boasts of the having the only open fermentation system in the country. Chef Akash Arora introduces the most popular Bavarian-style sausage platter, with 8 varieties of sausages, which is an in-house speciality.

Paytm to process 1 mn orders in a single dayDr Kenneth Thorpe on rising non communicable diseases in India
The number of people with non-communicable diseases like diabetes and blood pressure are high and rising, says Dr Kenneth Thorpe, which largely impacts the health care system. He suggests finding solutions to prevent the growth of these chronic diseases and ensuring earlier detection.
'7 Degree Brauhaus is the only authentic Bavarian Microbrewery in India'
After understanding the concept of microbreweries from Belgium, Austria and Germany, Sanjay Mathur opened 7 Degrees Brahaus, the Bavarian Microbrewery which makes German beers strictly based on a law dated 1516. It also has a Beer Enthusiasts Club, which has over 300 members.
How beer is made in the 7 Degrees Brauhaus Microbrewery
Brewing Executive at 7 Degrees Brauhaus, Rahul Baliyan takes you on a tour of the Microbrewery which boasts of the having the only open fermentation system in the country. Chef Akash Arora introduces the most popular Bavarian-style sausage platter, with 8 varieties of sausages, which is an in-house speciality.

Healthcare Magic connects patients and doctors globallyDr Kenneth Thorpe on rising non communicable diseases in India
The number of people with non-communicable diseases like diabetes and blood pressure are high and rising, says Dr Kenneth Thorpe, which largely impacts the health care system. He suggests finding solutions to prevent the growth of these chronic diseases and ensuring earlier detection.
'7 Degree Brauhaus is the only authentic Bavarian Microbrewery in India'
After understanding the concept of microbreweries from Belgium, Austria and Germany, Sanjay Mathur opened 7 Degrees Brahaus, the Bavarian Microbrewery which makes German beers strictly based on a law dated 1516. It also has a Beer Enthusiasts Club, which has over 300 members.
How beer is made in the 7 Degrees Brauhaus Microbrewery
Brewing Executive at 7 Degrees Brauhaus, Rahul Baliyan takes you on a tour of the Microbrewery which boasts of the having the only open fermentation system in the country. Chef Akash Arora introduces the most popular Bavarian-style sausage platter, with 8 varieties of sausages, which is an in-house speciality.

VAV Life Sciences looks to expand globallyQuattro CMD Raman Roy on leveraging offshore investments
One of the major contributors in making Quattro Global Services' business worth $20 billion, CMD Raman Roy says Quattro wants to be the company which brings offshore capabilities, manage services alongwith platforms to the mid-market, which lacks the technology needed to leverage offshore components.
How New Delhi Centre for Sight is growing pan-India
The New Delhi Centre for Sight, which became a specialised eye care centre in 2001-02, aims to become the largest opthalmology centre in India and abroad by 2020. Chairman and Medical Director Dr Mahipal S Sachdev says the super-speciality eye care centre has close to 50 outlets in the country.
How Monarch Catalyst fulfills its environmental responsibility
One of the foremost companies to turn waste into resourceful raw  materials, Monarch Catalyst's most recent effort is that of  environmental effectiveness. The company plans to optimise its  electricity usage by bringign it down by at least 25 per cent, says  Director Krishnan Muthukumar.

Tata Motors banks on JLR to shed its old skinStory
With a little help from my friends
Tata Motors looks to shed its old skin, with more than a little help from Jaguar Land Rover.
Suveen Sinha      Follow @suveensinha    Edition: Sep 14, 2014
Ranjit Yadav, President, Passenger Vehicles Business Unit, Tata Motors, with the Zest. "We have to bust some perceptions. Perceptions come out of old realities," says Yadav. Photographs by Pawan Dagia /Auto Bild.
In the summer that is still refusing to go, Tata Motors organised a test drive of the Zest, its new compact sedan, for the financial community, mainly bankers. Car companies often do this. Not many of these test drivers buy the car. But if they like it, they find it easier to approve loans to those who do, as well as to dealers.
"They loved the vehicle," says Ranjit Yadav, who runs the passenger vehicles part of the company. "They said it's not a Tata car."
And he liked it? Wasn't he offended?
"I liked it, because it is a new Tata [Motors]. We are breaking a few myths."
Yadav has - as they say - been around the block. He came to Tata Motors in October 2012 from Samsung, where he headed the mobile phone and information technology units. He has also been with Hewlett-Packard Asia Pacific, Philips India, Computer Point India, and Ponds India.
How would a Tata Motors lifer react?
Girish Wagh, who heads its programme planning and project management, is just that, and a bit more. He has been with the company for 24 years. His father, too, worked in Tata Motors' engineering research centre, part of the unit the son now heads.
Wagh says he will advise his children to join the company if they asked for his advice because he relates to the Tata value system. His two sons, 13 and seven, have some way to go before they approach their father for such an advice. But what would be Wagh's reaction if someone, with the intent of praising a Tata Motors car, says it does not feel like a Tata car? "I will feel good. Tata is a revered brand. We are proud of it. Most Indians want the Tata brand to succeed. But, with the changing environment, they also want the brand to change depending on the industry we are playing in."
As Yadav says: "We have to bust some perceptions. Perceptions come out of old realities."
THE BURDEN OF OLD REALITY
The old reality is not pretty. Not too long ago, Tata Motors vied with Hyundai India for the position of number two to Maruti Suzuki. For some time, its position has been in free fall. It sold fewer cars and utility vehicles in 2013/14 (142,000) than it did 10 years earlier (179,000). Eleven percentage points were shaved off its share of the market in seven years as it plummeted to 5.8 per cent in the 12 months to March this year.
The months since have not been any better. Honda India and Mahindra and Mahindra now sell more passenger vehicles than Tata Motors. Toyota, too, though facing its own struggles with volumes, manages to forge ahead now and then.
And yet, brokerage houses - Motilal Oswal, Karvy, Kotak Securities, and Edelweiss - maintain a "buy" recommendation on the stock in reports that came out in the wake of the company's first quarter results on August 11. A fifth, Prabhudas Lilladher, says "accumulate".
The stock has already risen 36 per cent since January 1 this year, closing at Rs 511 on August 22, the day this article was finalised. The target prices of the five brokerages range between Rs 521 and Rs 612, with Motilal being the most optimistic and Prabhudas the least so.
What's up?
THE BRITISH ACCENT
Cyrus Mistry, chairman, Tata Motors says the company is at an inflexion point.
Tata Motors acquired JLR in June 2008, when the British company was in a shambles. Since then, it has turned around, buoyed by rising sales in China, the world's largest market for automobiles. JLR is now shoring up its owner's numbers, bringing more than 80 per cent of the company's total automotive revenue.
Ambit Capital Markets, as reported by Mint newspaper and financial website moneycontrol.com, estimates the value of Tata Motors's domestic auto business at just Rs 20 a share. Two of its subsidiaries, Tata Motors Finance and Tata Technologies, are valued at Rs 30 a share, giving the company's standalone business the value of Rs 50 a share.
JLR, according to Ambit, is worth Rs 500 a share. That puts 91 per cent of the company's value in JLR. To Karvy, Tata Motors's standalone business is worth Rs 61 a share and JLR Rs 533.
As the stock market and analysts watch the numbers, an even bigger change has taken place in the company, again with help from JLR. Its first manifestation is the Zest, the compact sedan.
ZEST WHAT THE DOCTOR ORDERED
The Zest joins the ever growing number of sedans that are shorter in length than four metres and therefore entitled to a lower rate of excise. Tata is already present in this segment with its Indigo CS, but Zest is something else.
It is the first new car to come out of Tata Motors in nearly four years. It comes on the back of a flop like Aria and lukewarm sales of the Nano. The Aria was to create a new segment of a high-end crossover vehicle. The Nano, of course, was to trigger a global revolution and establish India's supremacy in frugal engineering (read all about it here The new Nano promise. ) Given the high hopes, the disappointment would be proportionate.
The Zest joins a segment that is already there, but it aspires to bring to this segment things that are not there at the moment. It is also a new car searching for new customers.
"This is the beginning. You will get to see what we have been doing the last three to four years. We have not been sitting around," says Timothy Leverton, head of advanced and product engineering at Tata Motors.
Chairman Cyrus Mistry said in a letter to shareholders in July: "The company is at an inflexion point with its entire product portfolio being revamped with relevant and exciting products for our target customers."
The target customers are now a little different. Since it came out of an oyster at the Auto Expo in New Delhi in 1998, the Indica, Tata's first passenger car, has been a darling of fleet operators, who have been enamoured of its roominess, low cost of running, and sturdiness. In spite of that, or perhaps because of that, those who want to drive the car for their own use have been able to resist the charm of the Indica and many other cars from Tata Motors.
ENGINE OF HOPE
The Zest was launched on August 12 at prices that will make those going for Maruti's DZire, Hundai's Xcent, and Honda's Amaze at least pause and turn to take a look. The Zest, and the Bolt , a hatchback derived from it that is slated to roll out soon, target buyers who want to buy a car for their own use, who look for a high quality of drive and performance.
The Zest comes in both diesel and petrol versions. In a departure from the Indica-Indigo legacy, the petrol one appears to be getting more attention. It is fitted with a new engine, Revotron, a 1.2 litre, turbocharged, petrol unit that the company has developed.
You may have seen the television commercials. Starring Narain Karthikeyan, the first Formula One driver from India, it talks about the benefits of the new engine and stands out among car advertisements that show people looking happy even as their cars do astounding things.
Revotron enables three different drive modes in the Zest: sport (if you are feeling peppy), eco (if you are driving on the highways), and city (if, at the end of a day at work, you just want to take it easy and smooth).
Girish Wagh, Head, Programme Planning and Project Management, Tata Motors. 'Most Indians want the Tata brand to succeed. But, with the changing environment, they also want the brand to change,' says Wagh.
The diesel Zest does not have different modes, but it does have AMT, the technology that goes by the confusing name of automated manual transmission and is selling like hot cakes in Maruti Suzuki's tiny, little Celerio. The Zest brings AMT to the compact diesel sedan segment.
AMT is poor man's automatic transmission. It has a hydraulic accelerator that takes on the job of shifting gears and allows you to control it electronically. Alongside, there is also manual shift available if you want it. This transmission system can be built at a third of the cost of the real automatic transmission.
Both petrol and diesel Zest are packed with features . That is the new battleground for car companies as consumers focus less on the engine's cubic capacity and peak power delivery and more on touch screens, automatic climate control, steering mounted controls, good interiors, and a great entertainment system. (For proof, look no further than the new Elite i20 from Hyundai). The Zest has all of these, and also gives a better drive than the Indica-Indigo family, making you feel much more in control. It just feels much better put together.
THE HAND OF JLR
The company is at an inflexion point
CYRUS MISTRY
chairman, Tata Motors
Much of that has been achieved with JLR's help . The British subsidiary infused a new thinking in Tata Motors, which raises quality consciousness from the time a project is conceived. At each stage care is taken that the project is executed in a manner that each design and engineering target is met.
W Liedtke, who recently retired as the head of quality at JLR, has mentored Tata Motors' team and helped them evolve a rigorous, five-level framework. When a plant reaches the fifth level, it stops creating defects. One of the plants has already crossed Level 2.
The design team, which has grown from 35 people to more than 200 in four years since Leverton joined the company and is headed by Pratap Bose, believes the Zest will create a new signature identity for Tata Motors. "When you are behind the Zest or in front of it and looking at it in your rear view mirror, you will be able to tell it is a Tata Zest," says Bose.
Still, is all this enough to overcome a decade and a half of old reality? The smattering of motoring journalists attending a test drive in Goa in early July had the same scepticism: will this come to be known as the new Indigo?
"I have to face a lot of sceptics, all the time," says Yadav.
Outside the company or inside?
"Everywhere. When you want to change things, you face sceptics."
Hopefully not too many at JLR.

CIC pulls up Air India on free travel by top brassAir India under CIC scanner for free travel by ministers, employees
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 10:56 IST
The Central Information Commission (CIC) has pulled up Air India (AI) for holding back information on free travel provided to its top brass, ministers and parliamentarians sought under a Right to Information (RTI) Act application and set a 15-day deadline for the national carrier to make public such information.
Mail Today on May 28 reported how AI has been liberally doling out as many as 12-24 free tickets annually on its domestic and international network to family members of its huge army of 23,000 employees . Strangely, the AI management last year decided to continue offering free tickets to sons and daughters-in-law of its employees as well, the Mail Today report had further stated.
Issuing a show-cause notice to AI demanding explanation on why it did not give the information within the mandated 30 days, information commissioner Yashowardhan Azad directed the carrier to make it public within 15 days and submit a written submission latest by October 10.
Azad also asked AI to show cause as to why penalty should not be imposed on it under Section 20 (1) of the RTI Act for not providing information within the prescribed period. AI respondents cut a sorry figure as they were not in a position to answer CIC over the delay in furnishing the information because they had brought the wrong file of the same applicant.
The case relates to an application filed by RTI activist Subhash Agrawal, who wanted to know the guidelines regarding free air travel extended to ministers, parliamentarians, civil aviation ministry officials, and AI officials and their family members. He had also sought information on the estimated annual cost to AI for providing such free air travel.
Agrawal had also sought the copy of minutes of meetings of 'Committee on violation of protocol-norms and contemptuous behaviour of government officers with members of the Lok Sabha' in the Directorate General of Civil Aviation. When information was not provided to Agrawal, he approached the CIC.
The airline has been reluctant in replying to RTI queries in several instances. In some cases, the office of the chief vigilance commissioner has also instructed to AI to furnish details of RTI queries related to corruption and other complaints but the carrier has largely declined to furnish details.

Track management s actions before investing in companiesStory
Tracking the Moves
Shoaib Zaman      Follow @shobzm    Edition: September 2014
(Photo: Reuters)
Realms of paper, hours of broadcast and gigabytes of information are released everyday on various companies and whether they make for a good investment or not. Sure enough, each company has its own intricacies. But if there is one advice that every investment expert will vouch for, it is that investors should look at the quality of the management. That's easily said though. How and where does one begin checking the quality of management?
Experts suggest using a mix of qualitative and quantitative parameters to judge a company's management. So, here we look at how you can understand these factors before making an investment .
QUALITATIVE ASPECT
If a family's financial assessment begins with how effectively they use their monthly income, why should it be different for companies? Ravi Gopalakrishnan, head, equities, Canara Robeco Mutual Fund, looks at how well the management used capital. He says, "The ability of the management to deploy capital efficiently based on past track record needs to be evaluated. Raising capital periodically from the market or unrelated capital expenditure for new ventures should raise red flags."
Parag Parikh, director, Parag Parikh Financial Advisory Services (PPFAS) points at other attributes to consider: "We can observe factors like the treatment of minority shareholders," he says. He also advises to check how the management has dealt with acquisitions and try understanding the rationale behind them. "We can monitor management during lean times when the industry is under-performing. That's a good time to separate smart managements from the rest who will take advantage of the lean times to invest in new capacity for expected upturn," he adds.
'A company's consistent dividend track record helps us evaluate the ability of the management to reward shareholders.' , says Ravi Gopalakrishnan, Head, Equities at Canara Robeco Mutual Fund
QUALITATIVE ASPECT
"A company's consistent dividend track record helps us evaluate the ability of the management to reward shareholders," points Gopalakrishnan. "Consistency of returns ratios such as return on equity and assets and return on capital employed compared to industry average across different business cycles also helps us in understanding the efficiency of use of capital by the management", he adds. Meanwhile, Parikh adds that he also looks at working capital related metrics over a period of time, as it shows how the management constantly endeavours to avoid cash drain through good working capital management.
Vivek Mahajan, head, fundamental research, Aditya Birla Money, believes that one can get the historical record of all the key parameters of the company performance during good as well as bad times. "In case management is not able to disclose some data points in view of competition, it is acceptable," he adds. 
ANALYSING COMPANY ACTIONS
One of the most difficult parts is to figure out when the management has unintentionally made a mistake, and when they were involved in poor decision making or they are making decisions with malicious intent. The ability of management to identify the needs of the business in terms of capital requirements for new business opportunities or for expansion of existing capacity is an important criterion for evaluation. "Reporting false revenues, excessive related party transactions where the management-owned entities benefit the most, issuing increase in salary despite underperforming business, issuing warrants to key management that allows them to purchase shares at below-quoted market rate, making unnecessary purchases of trophy objects like helicopters/private jets with the company's funds, are ways that harm msinority shareholders," says Parikh. Mahajan adds: "Investors should get cautious when the top management indicates venturing into non-related business from the core business, without proper justification."
Also, while it is not possible for small investors to meet the management, experts point that one should meet the management to understand their intentions. Gopalakrishnan believes that if management is not approachable for small investors, evaluation can be done via channels through which they communicate. Attending annual general meetings, or going through the annual report, will give a perspective about the future course of management's.
Parikh further adds: "If an investor cannot meet the management and yet wants to understand the business & the management quality then he/she should interact with customers of that business, suppliers to that business, to get a good idea about how the management treats these entities. This adds another layer to our understanding about the management."

Taser gets post-Ferguson joltTaser gets jolt on body camera orders
By: Gary Strauss September 5, 2014 11:08 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Taser  International   TASR   hasn’t had nearly the run-up of body camera rival Digital Ally DLGY in the wake of the Aug. 9 shooting death of Ferguson, Mo., teenager Michael Brown by a Ferguson cop.  Despite a 3% slide to $25.27  Friday,  Digital is up a whopping 560% on new orders and speculation that the company will do a robust business selling more body cameras to law enforcement agencies who want to protect their forces – and constituents – with video evidence of interactions.
But Taser rose 4% to $18.27 Friday, bringing its post-Ferguson gains to 48%.  Behind Friday’s rise: a spate of fresh orders and news that the New York City Police Department will begin outfitting some of its force with Taser body cameras.
U.S. District Judge Shira Scheindlin ordered the NYPD pilot program following a 2013 ruling involving the constitutionality of the department’s stop-and-frisk practices. And a 2012 Cambridge University study of the Rialto, Calif., police department found body cameras help diffuse potentially dangerous encounters with civilians
Taser, better known for its portable defense products, markets the Axon Flex body camera system. The Scottsdale, AZ., based company has also announced several orders for smart weapons, including a 300-unit order for X26P smart weapons  from Cleveland Police and a 130-unit order from the Florida Department of Law Enforcement.
Earlier this week, Ladenburg, Thalmann stock analyst Glenn Mattson issued a buy rating on Taser and a $19.50 price target, saying Taser’s stun guns and body cameras could gain big sales in Europe and Brazil, which is hosting the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Follow Strauss on Twitter @gstrauss_

J&K floods a national disasterSRINAGAR / NEW DELHI, September 7, 2014
Updated: September 8, 2014 09:25 IST
J&K floods a ‘national disaster’
National Bureau
Tweet
PTI Prime Minister Narendra Modi takes an aerial view of the flood-affected areas in Jammu and Kashmir on Sunday.
PTI Prime Minister Narendra Modi holds a review meeting on the flood situation with Chief Minister Omar Abdullah and other officials in Jammu on Sunday.
Indian Air Force personnel help an elderly woman board an MI-17 helicopter after she was evacuated during a rescue operation at a flooded area in Hamirpur Kona in Rajouri district, northwest of Jammu on Saturday. Photo: Reuters
SLIDESHOW
flood
The flood situation in Jammu and Kashmir was declared a “national-level disaster” by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday even as the Army alone evacuated 15,000 people from inundated areas across the State.
As more personnel of the National Disaster Relief Force (NDRF), Air Force and Army were pressed into action, the Prime Minister asked other States to also pitch in. Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh made a separate appeal to NGOs to mobilise their resources to help deal with the situation.
Five additional NDRF columns and 70 boats were sent to the flood-affected areas on Sunday morning.
The Air Force alone airlifted 850 people over the past two days; 449 were evacuated on Sunday. Chief Minister Omar Abdullah took to Twitter to appeal to people not to panic and assured that help was on its way. Meanwhile, after the aerial survey, Mr. Modi took stock of the flood situation and relief operations in meetings with the State administration in Jammu and Srinagar. Before leaving for J&K — where he announced Rs. 1,000-crore assistance in addition to Rs. 1,100 crore already made available to the State government through the State Disaster Relief Fund — he convened a crisis review meeting with the Cabinet Secretary and other senior officials in the national capital.
The Centre also announced Rs. 2 lakh ex-gratia to the next of kin of those who died in the floods. Also, Rs. 50,000 would be given from the Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund (PMNRF) to those grievously injured. Though official figure of the deaths is not available, by all accounts at least 160 people have lost their lives so far.

BRICS bank not aimed at challenging IMF  WB: RajanNew York, September 7, 2014
Updated: September 7, 2014 13:59 IST
BRICS bank not aimed at challenging IMF, WB: Rajan
PTI
Tweet
The move to establish BRICS bank is meant to provide patient money and not to challenge the existing multilateral financial institutions like the IMF and the World Bank, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has said.
“I don’t think it was primarily meant to challenge the existing multilateral institutions but it certainly is saying look we have plenty of money ourselves, why don’t we put some of this money to use in a way that benefits us rather than necessarily depending on the multilateral institutions to change which is taking much more time than anybody thought of,” he said.
The BRICS bank is meant to provide patient money, risk capital to long term projects, he said in a speech at an event organised in Chicago on Friday by the Chicago Council on Global Affairs.
“One of the biggest lacunae in emerging markets is patient, risk-bearing money, so if we can have a bank which is willing to take junior stakes or equity stakes...that would be a really good thing,” he said.
The announcement about the bank and a $100 billion Currency Reserve Arrangement (CRA) that will help countries to deal with short-term liquidity pressures, was made on July 15 at the conclusion of the 6th BRICS Summit in Brazil attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Presidents Vladimir Putin of Russia, Xi Jinping of China, Jacob Zuma of South Africa and Dilma Rousseff of Brazil.
India will hold the Presidency of the bank for the first six years. The New Development Bank to be based in Shanghai, China’s financial hub, will become operational in about two years.

BSNL  MTNL Merger Likely by July Next YearYou are here: Home Corporates
BSNL, MTNL Merger Likely by July Next Year
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 07, 2014 18:07 (IST)
Banks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
New Delhi:
The much-awaited merger of telecom PSUs, BSNL and MTNL, is likely to take place by July next year as the two companies look at synergising operations by offering services as a single entity.
At present, BSNL offers services in the whole country, except Delhi and Mumbai. MTNL provides telecom services in these two zones.
"The deadline of June-July 2015 has not been officially commissioned to the organisation but the merger is likely to take place in the time frame," BSNL director (consumer mobility) Anupam Shrivastava told PTI.
He added there are some matters which need to be sorted out before the merger takes place which include the salary issues and debt on MTNL books.
"Commercially it makes sense for the two companies to merge as it will lower the tax outgo. Currently, BSNL is billing MTNL and vice versa for services for which both are paying taxes. If it becomes one entity, the tax outgo will be less," Mr Shrivastava said.
He however said before the merger, there are some issues which need to be resolved.
Mr Shrivastava said the first issue is that MTNL is a listed company and the government has to see how it can be merged with BSNL. One option could be that the government buys back MTNL shares, he said.
"Second thing is the salary difference between the two firms. The salary of MTNL employees is higher than BSNL, so that issue needs to be sorted out," he added.
The other issue is about debt on MTNL books, which is a big concern for BSNL.
Mr Shrivastava said in order to resolve the issue, the government can provide a soft loan to the new entity.
On the merger, Minister of Communications and IT Ravi Shankar Prasad said in an interview to a new channel, "There is an idea on consideration; we have not taken a final call."
Mr Prasad said as of now the companies must be revived.
"I personally monitor the functioning of both these departments as to how many towers are functioning, the names of chief general managers are there, their mobile numbers are there, I talk to them directly...so monitoring is done at my level also," Mr Prasad said.
Mr Prasad had also met the senior management of BSNL and MTNL recently to discuss the blueprint for reviving the loss-making PSU telecom companies.
The total debt of the two firms has increased to Rs 21,208 crore at the end of June 2014.
The public sector firms are also losing market share. The market share of BSNL has been reduced to 12.3 per cent at the end of May 2014 from 13.27 per cent at end of March 2012 whereas that of MTNL stood at 4.83 per cent at May-end, 2014.
In 2012-13, MTNL recorded a net loss of Rs 5,321.12 crore on annual revenue of Rs 3,428.6 crore.
BSNL losses, as per unaudited results, stood at Rs 8,198 crore for 2012-13
Story first published on: September 07, 2014 18:05 (IST)

JD(U) offers allies berths in Manjhi cabinet; RJD willing  Congress dividedThe Manjhi government, which currently has 30 ministers, including the Chief Minister, can induct six more ministers as per the 91st Constitutional amendment .
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: September 8, 2014 12:20 am
Enthusiastic over the success of the grand alliance in the recently held bypolls in Bihar, the JD(U) now wants ally RJD to join the Jeetan Ram Manjhi government in the state. While Lalu Prasad’s RJD is keen to join the government, the Congress, on the other hand, seems to be sharply divided over the JD(U)’s overtures.
The Manjhi government, which currently has 30 ministers, including the Chief Minister, can induct six more ministers as per the 91st Constitutional amendment that has limited the strength of council of minister to 15 per cent of the members of state legislature.
Key Lalu Prasad aide, Bhola Yadav, who recently got support of the JD(U) for the post of MLC, is the front-runner for ministerial position along with senior party leaders Abdul Bari Siddiqui, Abdul Gafur and Surendra Yadav. The RJD has 24 MLAs.
“Now that our alliance has clicked, there is no harm in further cementing the tie and give a good message to the people by being part of the government. But the final decision will be taken by RJD president Lalu Prasad,” said RJD spokesperson Mrityunjay Kumar Tiwari.
From the Congress side, former Assembly speaker Sadanand Singh is being tipped as the party’s choice for the ministerial position. However, state Congress president Ashok Choudhary denied the possibility of his party joining the government, saying any such move would “lose party’s bargaining power in the seat-sharing arrangement” for the next year’s Assembly elections. “There is no such brief from the party high command to join the Manjhi government. Some senior party leaders may be keen to join the government, but it may not be in the party’s interest because the top priority now is to energise the party cadre,” Choudhary told The Indian Express.
The Congress has five MLAs.
Congress media panelist Prem Chandra Mishra also echoed Choudhary’s viewpoint. “The party should focus on contesting at least 80 seats (two each in a Parliamentary seat) to revive the party. But some leaders having access to the party high command may depict dismal chances for the party in the coming Assembly polls and are desperate to join the government. Joining Manjhi government will not be a politically sagacious move,” Mishra said.

Electrolux buys GEs appliances armLast updated: September 8, 2014 3:30 pm
Electrolux to buy General Electric’s appliance arm for $3.3bn
By Richard Milne, Nordic Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c3819660-371f-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Over 1 Billion Videos Viewed Everyday on FacebookYou are here: Home Corporates
Driven by Mobile, Over 1 Billion Videos Viewed Everyday on Facebook
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 08, 2014 14:22 (IST)
Banks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
New Delhi:
Social networking giant Facebook today said more than one billion videos are viewed everyday on its platform, with over 65 per cent of it being consumed on mobile phones.
Facebook, which has more than 1.32 billion monthly active users (MAUs) globally, has over 1.07 billion mobile MAUs.
"Since June there has been an average of more than one billion video views on Facebook every day. Overall growth in video views exceeded 50 per cent from May through July of this year," Facebook said in a blog.
Now, more than 65 per cent of video views are on mobile, it added.
"Video is one of the most engaging and immersive ways to tell your story... Video uploaded directly to Facebook is an increasingly important part of News Feed, and more people than ever before are sharing, discovering, and engaging with videos that they care about," Facebook project management director (Video) Fidji Simo said.
The US-based firm is now rolling out an update this week that will allow people to see how many views a video has received on Facebook.
"Views will be shown on public videos from people and pages, to help people discover new, popular videos," Simo added.
Facebook is currently testing a new feature on mobile that aims to help people discover new videos and after someone finishes watching a video, Facebook may show additional related videos that they might find interesting.
"We are committed to making Facebook the best place to share, discover and watch videos, and we'll keep listening to feedback to improve video on Facebook," Simo added.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 14:20 (IST)

Bharti Airtel to Sell Over 3 500 African Mobile Phone TowersYou are here: Home Corporates
Bharti Airtel to Sell Over 3,500 African Mobile Phone Masts to Eaton Towers
Reuters | Updated On: September 08, 2014 11:32 (IST)
Banks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
Mumbai:
Bharti Airtel Ltd has agreed to sell more than 3,500 of its mobile phone masts in six African countries to telecommunications tower company Eaton Towers in a bid to cut costs, the companies said on Monday.
Bharti Airtel will lease back the towers from Eaton under a 10-year contract, the companies said in a statement. They did not disclose financial details of the deal.
In July, Bharti Airtel agreed to sell about 3,100 masts in four African countries to Helios Towers Africa. The sales are part of the Indian group's plan to divest most of its more than 15,000 towers in Africa in a process that sources have said could raise up to $2 billion.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Maharashtra polls: Ajit plays down Congress-NCP rift over seat-sharingPress Trust of India |  Pune Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 01:10 PM IST
Maharashtra polls: Ajit plays down Congress-NCP rift over seat-sharing
Both parties have been at loggerheads of late with an unsatisfactory seat-sharing formula
Even as the rift between Congress and NCP on the issue of seat-sharing for the upcoming Maharashtra Assembly elections remained wide open, state Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar today sought to play down differences between the two coalition partners.
Asked whether the Democratic Front (DF) alliance of the two parties would be intact to fight together the October polls, Pawar said, "There is nothing to worry on that count."
The NCP leader, who spoke informally to reporters after performing 'Aarti' at a Ganesh temple on the day of immersion, said in a lighter vein, "Let us have a positive thinking today as we are bidding adieu to Lord Ganesh."
Both Congress and NCP, which have ruled in the state for over a decade, have been at loggerheads of late with a satisfactory seat-sharing formula still evading the two parties that received a severe drubbing in the Lok Sabha elections held in May this year.
The insistence of NCP on getting 144 out of 288 seats has been the main stumbling block in the negotiations with Congress stubbornly refusing to leave more than 114 seats for its partner, sticking to the last Assembly elections' formula.
NCP chief Sharad Pawar had recently, however, hinted that both the parties would need to adopt a flexible approach in the 'larger interests' (to keep away 'communal forces' from power) of the state.
 Advertisements

Charges  very serious  against CBI chief: SCHome
Miscellaneous
Charges 'very serious' against CBI director Rajit Sinha, says Supreme Court even as Prashant Bushan ratchets up pressure
Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 08 2014, 14:24 IST
Sep 08 2014, 14:24  IST
 

2G case: SC asks CBI chief to file response on charges against himThe two new iPhones won't come cheap whenever they are launched in India. Still, here are 6 reasons why you'll do yourself a world of good to start saving now for one of the two phones.
Review
iPhone6 twins look and feel different, but lack 'Applesque features'
The launch of two new iPhones and a brand new category for Apple - a Smart Watch marks several very important milestones for the company. It's the first time that Apple breaks from its own set of rules and follows market demands for larger screen phones, writes Rajiv Makhni.
6 things you can buy instead of iPhone 6
Before you prepare to spend about Rs. 60,000 on the latest piece of Apple wizardry, remember there is so much more you can do with the same amount of money -- like going to Bali and zooming off on a new bike. Or, you can stick to taking selfies on your new phone
Dear Chetan Bhagat, you suggest homosexuality must be tolerated. Why?
Sir, one needn’t be an apologist to demand one’s rights and we queers are certainly not aiming to calmly stand in line for our dole; just as no one asked Gandhi or King to go back home and wait for their time to come.

Tata Steel to Pay Over Rs 193 Crore as BonusYou are here: Home Corporates
Tata Steel to Pay Over Rs 193 Crore as Bonus
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 08, 2014 09:06 (IST)
Banks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
Jamshedpur:
Private steel major Tata Steel will pay Rs 193.34 crore to its 30,269 eligible employees on account of annual bonus for the year 2013-14, with the maximum bonus being Rs 1,56,758.
A Memorandum of Settlement was signed today between company management and Tata Workers' Union for annual bonus, the company said in a statement.
The minimum and maximum annual bonus would be Rs 20,498 and Rs 1,56,758 respectively, it said.
Since majority of the employees are drawing salary/wages higher than the limit laid down in the Payment of Bonus Act, 1965, they are not eligible for bonus under the Act.
However, respecting the old tradition, the company is going to pay bonus to all employees in the unionised category, it said.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 09:04 (IST)

Tyre stocks up 2-20%  rubber prices sharpest fall in 5 yrsSep 08, 2014, 02.00 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Tyre stocks up 2-20%, rubber prices sharpest fall in 5 yrs
According to Rubber Board of India, domestic rubber prices have seen sharpest fall in five years, hitting Rs 126 per kg. Rubber prices are down 25 percent since average of Rs 169/kg seen in January.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tyre stocks up 2-20%, rubber prices sharpest fall in 5 yrs
According to Rubber Board of India, domestic rubber prices have seen sharpest fall in five years, hitting Rs 126 per kg. Rubber prices are down 25 percent since average of Rs 169/kg seen in January.
Post your opinion here
 
Shares of tyre companies like Ceat, Apollo Tyres, JK Tyres and MRF Tyres surged 2-20 percent intraday on Monday riding on decline in rubber prices.
According to Rubber Board of India, domestic rubber prices have seen sharpest fall in five years, hitting Rs 126 per kg. Rubber prices are down 25 percent since average of Rs 169/kg seen in January.
A slowdown in demand from China, one of the biggest consumers of rubber, along with oversupply in the global markets from countries such as Thailand, sent international rubber prices spiralling down in the last one year.
Another reason is that in Indonesia, the world’s second-largest natural rubber producer, but demand has not matched the surge in supply over the past three years. This has pushed down rubber prices, with rubber futures plunging 28 percent this year to the lowest level in nearly five years, say a media report.
Also fall in crude prices to USD 100 per barrel  is a big positive for tyre makers as 30 percent of raw material cost comes from crude derivatives while 50 percent comes from natural rubber.

Destroying  2G scam case: Supreme Court hits out at CentreAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Now  Vijay Mallya s  girlie  Kingfisher calendar in  jeopardy After sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

SC gives Subrata Roy 15 more days to finalise sale of his hotelsUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Monday granted extension of concession to Sahara chief Subrato Roy. Roy, who has been lodged in the Tihar jail has been given 15 more days to to finalise sale of his three foreign luxury hotels.
Roy had sought 15 working days to complete sale of his properties.
He is presently housed in the conference hall of the Tihar Jail to facilitate the sale of his hotels in New York and London. As per the relaxation given by the Supreme court, Roy stays in the conference room that has been declared "special jail".
65-year-old Roy uses the fully air-conditioned room with services like wi-fi and video-conferencing. He has also been allowed two laptops, two desktops, landline phones and one mobile phone.
Adequate security arrangements have been made. The meetings take place under surveillance of CCTV cameras. All visitors coming to meet Roy are being thoroughly frisked.

Army evacuates 20 000 in J&K in flood relief operationIANS |  New Delhi Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 03:59 PM IST
Army evacuates 20,000  in J&K in flood relief operation
A total of 45 aircrafts and helicopters have been pressed into service
The army has evacuated nearly 20,000 people marooned by floods in Jammu and Kashmir with the navy and air force also engaged in relief and rescue operation, the military said Monday.
A defence ministry statement said the 20,000 were rescued in different regions of the state.
The army has deployed 205 columns for rescue and relief work and given away 4,000 blankets and 90 tents to victims of the worst floods to hit the state in half a century.
"The army also distributed 23,000 litres of water and 600 kg biscuits in the flood-affected areas," the statement said.
It said 60 medical teams of the Armed Forces Medical Services had swung into action.
Naval marine commandos rescued around 200 people at Haigaon on the Srinagar-Sopore highway.
Naval diving teams are on standby in New Delhi, Mumbai and Vishakhapatnam to proceed to Jammu and Kashmir.
A total of 45 aircraft and helicopters have been pressed into service.
The ministry said 85 tonnes of medicines have been airlifted for the flood victims and 16 relief camps had been set up in the state.
The Indian Air Force has rescued 1,245 people using helicopters and transport aircraft. "So far 140 sorties were undertaken by the helicopters and aircraft and 155 tonnes of relief materials have been dropped."
 Advertisements

Walgreen board seats go to Jana ParntersWalgreen board seats go to Jana Partners
Walgreens store
The Walgreens store at State and Randolph Streets in Chicago.
The Walgreens store at State and Randolph Streets in Chicago. (Nancy Stone / Chicago Tribune)
Reuters
Walgreens
Jana Partners wins Walgreen board seats
Walgreen Co said it had appointed Barry Rosenstein of hedge fund Jana Partners to its board as the company moves to complete its takeover of drugstore chain Alliance Boots.
Rosenstein, Jana's founder and managing partner, will join Walgreen's board immediately and Jana will place a second director who will be mutually agreed by the company and the hedge fund, Walgreen said, without giving any specific reasons for the appointments.
Caption Walgreens first store
Charles Walgreen created the first Walgreen's in Barrett's Hotel at Cottage Grove and Bowen Avenue on the Chicago's South Side. He bought the store from pharmacist Isaac Blood, putting a downpayment down in 1901.
Charles Walgreen created the first Walgreen's in Barrett's Hotel at Cottage Grove and Bowen Avenue on the Chicago's South Side. He bought the store from pharmacist Isaac Blood, putting a downpayment down in 1901.
See more galleries
Caption 1901: First store, changes from the beginning
Charles Walgreen is credited with making the store more welcoming by installing brighter lights, adding new products, like pots and pans, and greeting customers by name. Here's the inside of his first store in 1901.
Charles Walgreen is credited with making the store more welcoming by installing brighter lights, adding new products, like pots and pans, and greeting customers by name. Here's the inside of his first store in 1901.
See more galleries
Caption 1924: Expanding the soda fountain
Like other drug stores of the time, Walgreen's locations had a soda and ice cream fountain that did great business in hot weather. Instead of shuttering the counter in the winter, Charles Walgreen decided to start serving hot food, at first home-cooked by his wife Myrtle Walgreen. Early menu...
Like other drug stores of the time, Walgreen's locations had a soda and ice cream fountain that did great business in hot weather. Instead of shuttering the counter in the winter, Charles Walgreen decided to start serving hot food, at first home-cooked by his wife Myrtle Walgreen. Early menu...
See more galleries
Caption 1929: Malted milkshakes for 20 cents
Ivar "Pop" Coulson, the backbone the Walgreens soda fountain since 1914, is credited with creating the chocolate malted milkshake in 1929, adding Walgreen's-made ice cream, made in a plant on East 40th Street, to his chocolate malted milk. Here it is on a menu in 1929 for 20 cents. And here's...
Ivar "Pop" Coulson, the backbone the Walgreens soda fountain since 1914, is credited with creating the chocolate malted milkshake in 1929, adding Walgreen's-made ice cream, made in a plant on East 40th Street, to his chocolate malted milk. Here it is on a menu in 1929 for 20 cents. And here's...
See more galleries
Caption 1930s: Walgreen's Laboratories
Walgreen's made many of its own pharmaceuticals to control the cost and the quality of ingredients. This shows a bottle filling line at a Walgreen facility in Chicago in the 1930s.
Walgreen's made many of its own pharmaceuticals to control the cost and the quality of ingredients. This shows a bottle filling line at a Walgreen facility in Chicago in the 1930s.
See more galleries
Walgreen's through the years
Charles R. Walgreen put a down payment on the the Chicago drug store where he had worked as a pharmacist in 1901. As of 2014, the company operated more than 8,600 stores in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam. Here are some photos of the...
Walgreen's through the years
Charles R. Walgreen put a down payment on the the Chicago drug store where he had worked as a pharmacist in 1901. As of 2014, the company operated more than 8,600 stores in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam. Here are some photos of the...
Walgreen had come under pressure from investors including Jana to shift its tax domicile to Switzerland or Britain as part of the Alliance Boots deal, but the company last month rejected this following domestic criticism of such tax-cutting deals.
Jana and Walgreen had been engaged in discussion about steps the company could take to boost its shares, even as Walgreen rejected the idea of moving its tax base, the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday.
“We are pleased to welcome Barry to the board in this pivotal moment for our company as we anticipate the completion of the Walgreens-Alliance Boots merger,” James Skinner, chairman of Walgreen's board of directors, said in a statement.

India  Germany to cooperate in skill development  river cleaningYou are here: Home > Collections > Germany
India, Germany to cooperate in skill development, river cleaning
PTI Sep 8, 2014, 04.30PM IST
Tags:
Angela Merkel
(Steinmeier conveyed Germany's…)
NEW DELHI: India and Germany today agreed to prepare a roadmap for cooperation in skill development, solid waste management and cleaning of rivers as visiting Foreign Minister Frank Walter Steinmeier met Prime Minister Narendra Modi who described the two nations as "made for each other".
During the meeting here, Steinmeier conveyed Germany's strong desire to work with the new government in India to further expand and deepen bilateral relations.
Modi lauded Germany's remarkable economic resurgence over the past decade, a PMO statement said.
He said India and Germany, which are bound by democratic values, are "made for each other" because of complementary skills and resources to power the next generation of industrial development through partnering in manufacturing and infrastructure development, it said.
Suggesting use of Germany's strength and experience in the area of skill development, he said both sides should develop a concrete time-bound plan for training of Indian youth to meet Indian needs and the global requirement of skilled human resources.
Modi also pressed for taking forward the ongoing cooperation in the area of clean energy and forging new partnerships in the areas of solid waste management, waste water treatment and cleaning of rivers, the statement said.
It was agreed that both sides will undertake preparations with the aim of finalizing concrete roadmap for cooperation in each of these areas at the next Inter-Governmental Consultations meeting.
Towards this end, issue specific workshops will be organized ahead of the Hannover Messe 2015 festival.
The move to take Germany's help in skill development, waste management and river cleaning assumes significance as Modi has enlisted cleanliness as his priority agenda.
Recalling his fruitful telephone conversation with Chancellor Angela Merkel on July 17 while transiting through Germany, Modi expressed appreciation for her personal interest and commitment to India-Germany relationship.
He said India looks forward to the visit of Merkel for the next round of Inter-Governmental Consultations in 2015.
FEATURED ARTICLES

J&K: No extra charges on rescheduling flights  DGCA directs airlinesUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: With unprecedented floods devastating Jammu and Kashmir, aviation regulator DGCA today directed all airlines not to charge anything extra from passengers from Srinagar and Jammu if they rescheduled their bookings.
The Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) also asked the airlines not to levy any cancellation fee from passengers who want to cancel their travel plans.
"Due to the situation in the state, we have directed all airlines not to deduct cancellation charges from travellers who do not wish to fly. We have also asked them to allow passengers to reschedule flights without any extra charge," DGCA chief Prabhat Kumar told PTI here.
The Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) also asked the airlines not to levy any cancellation fee from passengers who want to cancel their travel plans.
Meanwhile, all flight operations to Jammu and Srinagar were normal today, though a few were delayed by 30 minutes to an hour, airport sources said here, adding that airports in these two cities have not been affected by the floods.

India bids adieu to GaneshaIndia bids adieu to Ganesha
CNN-IBN | Sep 08, 2014 at 04:49pm
The 10 day long Ganesh chaturthi festival comes to an end on Monday. The immersion ceremony has started in many cities across the country and is set to continue late into the night.
Watch: Former MP Saifuddin Soz heckled by flood victims in Srinagar
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Micromax launches the octa-core Canvas Nitro smartphone in India at Rs 12 990Urgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi Micromax has launched its new smartphone - the Canvas Nitro - in India at Rs 12,990. The Micromax Canvas Nitro, to be available exclusively on eCommerce site Snapdeal, is powered by a 1.7 GHz Tru Octa Core processor and Android KitKat operating system.
The handset features 5-inch HD IPS display, leather finish back, 2GB RAM, 13MP rear and 5MP front camera, 8GB memory (expandable up to 32GB) and 2500 mAh.
With growing consumer preference to shop online, domestic handset maker Micromax expects 25 per cent of its smartphones sales to come from eCommerce platforms over the next two years.
The Micromax Canvas Nitro features a 5-inch HD IPS display, 2GB RAM, and a 13 megapixel rear camera.
The company, which has partnered eCommerce major Snapdeal for launching its latest handset - Canvas Nitro, currently gets about 10 per cent of its sales from online purchases.
"Online is small but is definitely growing. About 10 per cent of our sales are coming from that. Over the next two years, 25 per cent of at least the smartphone sales would come from online," Micromax Chief Executive Officer Vineet Taneja said.
He added that the company would continue with its mix of online and offline sales.
"We are excited to be partnering with Micromax to launch their latest product - the Canvas Nitro. The new product has most superior technology and we are sure that this will be well-received by our 25 million members," Snapdeal Senior Vice President - Electronics & Home Tony Navin said.
At Snapdeal, mobile and tablets are one of the fastest growing categories and this partnership is a strategic decision to add to the online marketplace's offerings, he added.
Micromax, which is the country's second largest handset maker, also plans to bring in two more smartphones apart from feature phones ahead of the festive season.
"Apart from the Android One phone, we will have one more smartphone and some feature phones, as there is still a market for them. By early next year, we should have a 4G handset as well," he said.
Currently, 60 per cent of Micromax's sales volumes comes from feature phones, while the remaining is smartphones.
As a large chunk of Indian users are migrating to affordable smarter devices from feature phones, Indian smartphone market grew 84 per cent year-on-year to 18.42 million units from 10.02 million units (in April-June 2013 quarter), according to research firm IDC.
Korean handset maker Samsung still continues to lead the smartphone market with 29 per cent share, followed by Micromax 18 per cent, Karbonn 8 per cent and Lava 6 per cent.
(With inputs from PTI)

Air Asia Berhad to lease Airbus A320-200 to AirAsia IndiaAir Asia Berhad to lease Airbus A320-200 to AirAsia India
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 8:  
Malaysian carrier Air Asia would lease an Airbus A320-200 aircraft to its Indian low-cost joint venture airline, AirAsia India, at a cost of $45 million.
In an announcement, the Malaysian Airline said it had initiated the lease agreement with AirAsia India from September 5 for a period of 144 months and the amount would be paid in the form of advance monthly lease rentals by the new Indian carrier.
AirAsia India, which currently has a fleet of two of these planes, has plans to have a 10-aircraft fleet within a year of its operations and the planes would be drawn from A-320 family of aircraft ordered by the AirAsia Group.
All AirAsia India planes would be configured in an all-economy layout with 180 seats.
The airline, a 49:30:21 joint venture between AirAsia, Tata Sons Limited and Arun Bhatia’s Telestra Tradeplace Private Limited, currently flies to six destinations of Bangalore, Chennai, Goa, Kochi, Jaipur and Chandigarh.
The Malaysian parent company, in its corporate disclosure, said Air Asia Berhad “currently leases aircraft to the other joint venture airlines within the AirAsia Group in its ordinary course of business. In line with AirAsia’s growth strategies, the fleet expansion of AirAsia India would help to maximise route opportunities in the South Asia”.
The growth of AirAsia India would benefit the AirAsia Group by extending leverage on AirAsia brand and distribution presence, strengthen the group’s commercial and operational economies of scale and its ability to feed traffic between South East Asia and AirAsia India domestic network and vice versa, the AirAsia Berhad announcement said.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Bengal proposes 10 smart citiesBengal proposes 10 smart cities
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept 8:  
The West Bengal Government has made a strong pitch for 10 smart cities in the State. This was stated by Firad Hakim, State’s Minister for Municipal Affairs and Urban Development, said on Monday at the 51st AGM of the Indian Paint Association, an affiliate of CII.
The Minister said the proposal meant that there would be five million new homes in the State in the next few years. “It’s a huge opportunity (for paints industry) to set up shops in the State,” he added.
He said paints consumption would get a fillip for coating new buildings and beautification of infrastructure.
“This is a State where the country’s first painting unit was set up. That is an extra reason why you should think of West Bengal when you think of setting up a unit.
The state government will do everything to make sure your experience is pleasant,” Hakim added.
Binay K Dutta, Chairman, West Bengal Pollution Control Board, said efforts are under way to build a model based on which the pollution control board can quantify pollution in terms of emissions, effluent and wastes.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Supreme Court grants Sahara chief 15-day extension for asset saleBS Reporter |  New Delhi Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 12:29 AM IST
Sahara chief gets 15 days more to sell assets abroad
Subrata Roy is trying to conclude the sale of Sahara's overseas assets to raise cash to pay investors
The Supreme Court on Monday granted Sahara chief Subrata Roy a reprieve of 15 working days from Tuesday to negotiate the sale of three hotels abroad to raise Rs 10,000 crore to walk out of Delhi’s Tihar jail. The court emphasised that it would be the last extension of the hi-tech facilities provided to Roy, who has been in jail since March 4.
Roy’s counsel S Ganesh told the Bench headed by judge T S Thakur that the sale of the hotels located abroad has “run into a monumental setback”. The US media sensationalised a report alleging that a southeast Asian sovereign, (not naming the Sultan of Brunei) which follows the Shariat law and stones to death gay persons, had struck a deal for a New York hotel. This led to protests and damage to property and cancellation of all functions in the hotel.
The purchasers have thus developed cold feet and are “lying low”. Four others have shown interest in the purchase of the property, but it would take nine to 10 days’ time. “We are in an unenviable situation,” the counsel said.
ALSO READ:  Sebi sets Sept 30 deadline to apply for Sahara refund
Solicitor General Ranjit Kumar told the judges there was nothing to show that things were moving, despite the last extension on August 14. “They are sitting in a closed room with internet, which is a powerful tool. We don’t know what they are doing, (or) whether they are doing something else.”
Ganesh submitted some documents to the judges to show the statements made by him were bona fide.One of them, called “in principle master agreement”, was accepted and kept in a sealed cover. He said there was no hanky-panky as feared by Kumar, but some confidentiality has to be kept in such matters.
ALSO READ:  Sahara chief seeks 15 more days from SC to sell properties
He said of nine Indian properties, one in Gujarat has been sold for a good price, but the rest could not be sold because of a fall in real estate prices over the world, especially in this country. The court has also barred Sahara from selling properties below the market price, he said. The counsel submitted that Roy was more anxious than anyone else to come out of the jail.
The judges remarked that “if freedom was so precious, you would not have dragged your feet so long, counting your pennies.”
Counsel for Sebi, Arvind Datar, submitted that it did not want to put a spoke in the wheel in the sale. But nothing concrete has emerged all these months. “At the end of the day, it is not a full stop, but only semi-colon,” Datar remarked. According to Roy, he had assets worth Rs 49,000 crore, and, therefore, he should bring a concrete plan regarding sale of assets, but this has not been done so far, the counsel emphasised.
 Advertisements

Indian drug cos hopeful of Peru relaxing normsSohini Das |  Ahmedabad Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 05:26 PM IST
Indian drug cos hopeful of Peru relaxing norms
Senior officials from Peru are likely to visit soon to gather details about the loan-licensing system of manufacturing here
After Argentina allowed import of Indian finished drugs last month, thus opening the gates to a $6 billion potential pharma market for Indian formulation makers, according to officials at the Pharmaceutical Export Promotion Council (Pharmexcil) senior officials from Peru are likely to visit soon to gather details about the loan-licensing system of manufacturing here.
P V Appaji, director general of Pharmexcil informed that a delegation led by Sudhanshu Pandey, joint secretary, department of commerce, ministry of commerce and industry, had been to Latin American countries recently, which included Peru and Argentina among others like Brazil. "Peru had put all applications from Indian pharma companies using the loan-licensing system. They had some doubts related to this process and we have explained to them even regulated markets like the US and the European Union (EU) allow such contract manufacturing and that the Indian government permits it," Appaji said.
He added further that, post this interaction, Peru has decided to send senior officials from its drug regulator to study the loan licensing system in India and gather details about it. Loan-licensing system of manufacturing basically refers to the process when a pharma company uses someone else's licensed manufacturing facility to manufacture drugs designated for a particular market, Appaji explained. It is a form of contract manufacturing, which is often used by small and medium pharma companies, and hence, the move could benefit the SMEs significantly.
Alok Dalal, pharmaceutical analyst with Motilal Oswal said that, "Peru is a smaller market compared to other major Latin American markets, however, for smaller companies, this might be a good opportunity. Big pharma might not be very interested."
As for Argentina, Dalal feels that meaningful results would start flowing in only after two to three years, as product approvals would take time. "Argentina is second largest in terms of population after Brazil in the Latin American region, and hence the opportunity is big," he said.
Appaji elaborated that Argentina has been a market that India has not been able to crack since now. While it allowed exports of bulk drugs (active pharmaceutical ingredients), it did not allow formulation imports from India. There were about 25 countries from where import of formulations were allowed, and India did not feature in the list. "During our visit, we explained that more than 55% of our total exports are going to regulated markets. Soon after our visit, Argentina issued a notification allowing imports from India effective August 8 this year," he claimed.
The delegation has held meetings with public sector pharma companies in Argentina as well as leading importers. The Argentina drug market is expected to be around $6 billion at the moment, expected to grow to $ 15 billion by 2020. Of India's net pharma exports of $15.04 billion, nearly 8% goes to Latin American countries now, Appaji informed.
 Advertisements

Pluses for banks in new RBI rules on Basel-III instruments: Moody sBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 04:42 PM IST
Pluses for banks in new RBI rules on Basel-III instruments: Moody's
The new norms for Basel-III capital instruments will be credit-positive for Indian banks, according to Moody's, the global rating agency
The new norms for Basel-III capital instruments will be credit-positive for Indian banks, according to Moody's, the global rating agency.
The revised rules make instruments more attractive and broaden the base for additional tier-1 (AT1) bonds to include the retail investor.
Moody's says the amended rules will also allow banks to have a higher proportion of AT1 in their tier-1 capital. The major benefit is expected to accrue to public sector banks (PSBs), which have about 70% share in Indian banking business.
On September 1, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) revised some of its rules governing instruments that qualify as bank capital under Basel-III.
The key change is the removal of certain limits on the amount of AT1 that a bank can use for calculating its tier-1 capital, which effectively limited AT1 issuance to 1.5% of risk-weighted assets.
At a time when PSBs are finding it difficult to raise equity capital from the public markets, this provides a way for banks to bolster their tier-1 ratio by raising a higher amount of AT1 capital, said Moody's. Low capital levels are a key credit weakness for many Indian banks, particularly PSBs.
The amendments make it easier for banks to sell AT1 instruments to investors, and make it easier for banks to use AT1 instruments in meeting capital requirements.
Writedowns of principal when a bank's common equity tier-1 (CET1) capital breaches the trigger level can now be temporary, giving investors the possibility of recouping their losses if the health of the bank improves.
From 2019, Indian banks' CET1 trigger point for loss absorption will be 6.125%, compared to the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision's recommendation of 5.125%.
With the option of a temporary writedown, RBI might be looking to partially mitigate investor concerns about this relatively high trigger.
Banks are also no longer required to pay all coupons out of current-year profits. They may now also use revenue reserves which are not earmarked and/or credit balances in the profit and loss account, said Moody's.
In addition, the minimum period after which banks can exercise a call option to repurchase AT1 instruments has been shortened to five years from 10 years. RBI also truncated the minimum maturity at issuance for tier-2 instruments, providing issuing banks with more flexibility.
Another issue that discourages Indian banks from issuing these instruments is the lack of a broad domestic investor base. RBI has tried to address this by widening the investor base to include retail investors, it added.
 Advertisements

Ferrari losses raise pressure on chairmanSeptember 8, 2014 11:58 am
Ferrari’s F1 victory drought puts pressure on Montezemolo
By Rachel Sanderson in Milan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f08b32e8-3732-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

J&K flood: Telecom link failure compounds agony as multi-agency rescue operation intensifiesArmy evacuating stranded people from flood affected areas in Srinagar. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Jammu | Posted: September 8, 2014 6:13 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 6:54 pm
On Monday Naval marine commandos were deployed for the first time in the massive multi-agency rescue operations that were underway in flood-ravaged Jammu and Kashmir with the grim situation in the Valley further compounded by snapping of telecom links.
There was no fresh rainfall in the Valley on Monday after the state was pounded by rains since Tuesday but the water level in Srinagar and some other towns devastated by floods has not receded posing a challenge to rescue agencies in evacuating tens of thousands of stranded people. Large parts of Srinagar were deep in water and dozens of boats were deployed.
Desperate residents were huddled on rooftops and upper floors of their houses in several areas as they tried to escape the worst flooding in the state in six decades that has already claimed more than 150 lives.
IAF choppers and transport aircraft undertook several sorties as relief work was extended for the first time to South Kashmir with nearly 22,000 people being evacuated so far, including 2,000 people from Srinagar city and adjoining areas. IAF has deployed 45 aircraft and helicopters into action, a Defence spokesman said.
The rescued included 1,400 Army personnel and their families caught in flood waters in its headquarters at Badamibagh cantonment in Srinagar.
The cantonment along with areas of Shivpora and Indranagar in Srinagar were submerged as the water level rose as high as 18 feet due to breach in the Jhelum River.
With thousands of people trapped on the second floor, third floor or on the roof tops in several areas in the Valley, a Defence spokesman said Army plans to continue the rescue operations even at night.
Heavy floods have snapped Kashmir Valley’s telecommunication links with the rest of the country even as BSNL launched an operation on a war-footing with Army and IAF to restore mobile services through satellite network.
“We are facing a big problem of communication as all links are down. We are not able to communicate with our teams sent on ground in this flood-ravaged areas. Also, as water level is high in many places our personnel are not able to reach the stranded,” National Disaster Response Force chief O P Singh told reporters in Delhi.
An IAF officer said the situation in Jammu sector was under control but in Srinagar it was yet to improve. The weather in Srinagar remained cloudy, he said.
Defence spokesman Col S D Goswami said the number of army columns deployed have increased to 212. One army column consists of 75 to 100 troops.
Navy commandos joined the massive rescue operations being carried out by Army, IAF and NDRF rescuing around 200 stranded people on the Srinagar-Sopore Highway. Naval diving teams are also on standby at New Delhi, Mumbai and Vishakhapatnam for the rescue efforts.
Sixty-five medical teams and 15 Engineer Task Forces (ETFs) have been deployed and airlifting of four additional ETFs and 10 medical teams is also underway, Goswami said.
The ETF teams are being rushed from New Delhi to the flood -affected areas to bolster rescue efforts, he said, adding that these teams will carry boats and life-saving equipment.
“Relief operations are continuing with unabated intensity. 83 tonnes of emergency rations, 3,000 blankets, 45,000 litres of potable water, 1,000 life jackets and 220 tents are being airlifted from Chandigarh, Pathankot and Kanpur.
“The despatch of troops and rescue materials will continue in view of the task at hand. All available army aviation resources have been pressed into service,” he said.
The army has distributed 23,000-l of water and 600-kg of biscuits in the flood-affected areas along with 4,000 blankets and 90 tents.
The spokesman said that 85 tonnes of medicines has been airlifted for the flood victims while 16 relief camps are being set up in different parts of the state.
As many as 1,245 people have been airlifted by Indian Air Force in its helicopters and transport aircraft, he said, adding that 140 sorties have been made by IAF choppers and planes with 155 tonnes of relief materials having been airdropped.
“The situation is being constantly monitored and progress of the events is updated at the office of the HQ IDS in New Delhi,” he said.
Meanwhile, even as the rescue operations continue, large- scale relief camps are being set up at Avantipur and Anantnag, Goswami said.
To cater to the people being evacuated from Srinagar, makeshift relief camps have been set up inside Badami Bagh Cantonment and the services of 92 Base Hospital, Srinagar, are being utilised.
The weather being clear today, a number of choppers were pressed into service to transport rescue and relief material to the isolated areas of south Kashmir, the spokesman said, adding that four boats and a medical team were also airlifted to Anantnag.
With the induction of additional boats into the rescue efforts in the Valley, additional missions from the airport side are being launched to cover the highly-affected areas of Raj Bagh and Jawahar-nagar, the spokesman said.
IAF choppers and transport aircraft undertook several sorties as relief work was extended for the first time to South Kashmir with nearly 22,000 people being evacuated so far.

Lieutenant Governor to decide on government formation in Delhi  says Rajnath SinghLieutenant Governor to decide on Delhi government formation, says Rajnath Singh
PTI Sep 8, 2014, 05.14PM IST
Tags:
Delhi Government
(Shying away from direct…)
NEW DELHI: Evading a direct reply on the government formation in Delhi, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh Monday said only the lieutenant governor can take a decision in this regard.
"Only the LG ( Najeeb Jung ) can say what will be done. Only he can take any decision," Rajnath Singh said when questioned about the prevailing political situation in Delhi.
Asked what would be the home ministry's recommendation to the president on the issue, the minister said: "The president has not sought our advice."
He, however, refused to comment on allegations of MLA poaching against the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
The Aam Aadmi Party Monday released a video which showed Delhi BJP vice president Sher Singh Dagar allegedly offering a plum post and money to AAP legislator Dinesh Mohaniya in a bid to help the BJP to take power in Delhi.
Meanwhile, reports suggested Jung is likely to invite the BJP to form the government in the national capital.
Delhi has been under President's rule since AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal resigned as chief minister Feb 14 after 49 days in office.
The BJP won 31 seats in the 70-member house but now has 28 legislators after three were elected to the Lok Sabha in the general elections held in April-May.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Air Asia Berhad to lease Airbus A320-200 to ...You are here: Home > Collections
Air Asia Berhad to lease Airbus A320-200 to AirAsia India
PTI Sep 8, 2014, 06.03PM IST
(AirAsia India has plans…)
NEW DELHI: Malaysian carrier Air Asia would lease an Airbus A320-200 aircraft to its Indian low-cost joint venture airline, AirAsia India, at a cost of $ 45 million.
In an announcement, the Malaysian airline said it had initiated the lease agreement with AirAsia India from September 5 for a period of 144 months and the amount would be paid in the form of advance monthly lease rentals by the new Indian carrier.
AirAsia India, which currently has a fleet of two of these planes, has plans to have a 10-aircraft fleet within a year of its operations and the planes would be drawn from A-320 family of aircraft ordered by the AirAsia Group.
All AirAsia India planes would be configured in an all- economy layout with 180 seats.
The airline, a 49:30:21 joint venture between AirAsia, Tata Sons Limited and Arun Bhatia's Telestra Tradeplace Private Limited, currently flies to six destinations of Bangalore, Chennai, Goa, Kochi, Jaipur and Chandigarh.
The Malaysian parent company, in its corporate disclosure, said Air Asia Berhad "currently leases aircraft to the other joint venture airlines within the AirAsia Group in its ordinary course of business. In line with AirAsia's growth strategies, the fleet expansion of AirAsia India would help to maximise route opportunities in the South Asia".
The growth of AirAsia India would benefit the AirAsia Group by extending leverage on AirAsia brand and distribution presence, strengthen the group's commercial and operational economies of scale and its ability to feed traffic between South East Asia and AirAsia India domestic network and vice versa, the AirAsia Berhad announcement said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cease-fire holds  Ukraine leader to visit eastAndriy Lysenko
(The city council of Donetsk said…)
KIEV: A cease-fire between pro-Russian rebels and Ukrainian government troops appeared to be largely holding today in eastern Ukraine , a day after shelling and clashes rattled nerves and imperiled the peace deal.
In a surprise announcement, Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko was travelling today to the embattled coastal city of Mariupol, the regional administration of Donetsk said. That trip would be a symbolic show of strength in a strategic government-held area that has come under rebel fire in recent days, and proves Kiev is unlikely to willingly loosen what remains of its grip over the rebellious east.
The city council of Donetsk said there had been no reported casualties overnight and it expected public transport to be running tomorrow. No shelling or explosions were heard overnight in downtown Donetsk.
Col Andriy Lysenko , a spokesman for Ukraine's National Security Council , told reporters today there had been about half a dozen rebel violations of the cease-fire. But he said no servicemen had been killed in the past day and rebel forces had stopped using heavy artillery, only mortar and rifle fire.
"That's a big achievement," he said. "We understand that the cease-fire imposes some discipline to our enemies and also allows our military to bring its reserves closer."
A successful cease-fire would be a landmark achievement for all sides in a conflict that has dragged on for nearly five months and claimed at least 3,000 lives, according to a UN estimate issued today.
But despite the cease-fire, there has been little agreement between Kiev and the separatist rebels on a political settlement that would permanently end the standoff in eastern Ukraine.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jihadists want to create  house of blood : UNHRCprint
 The jihadist militants who have seized large swaths of Iraq and Syria are intent upon creating "a house of blood", the UN's new human rights chief said Monday.
In his maiden address to the UN Human Rights Council, Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein lashed out at the Islamic State militant group, which has carved out a stronghold and declared a "caliphate" in an area straddling the border of the two conflict-torn nations.
"The Takfiris (extremists) who recently murdered (US journalist) James Foley and hundreds of other defenceless victims in Iraq and Syria, do they believe they are acting courageously, barbarically slaughtering captives?" the Jordanian prince told the opening of the council's 27th session in Geneva.
The massacres, beheadings, rape and torture attributed to IS militants "reveal only what a Takfiri state would look like, should this movement actually try to govern in the future," said Zaid, the first Muslim and Arab to serve as UN High Commissioner of Human Rights.
"It would be a harsh, mean-spirited house of blood, where no shade would be offered, nor shelter given to any non-Takfiri in their midst," warned the career diplomat.
Read: US not intimidated by Sotloff beheading, says Obama
Annhilation to the rest of humanity
"In the Takfiri mind ... there is no love of neighbour, only annihilation to those Muslims, Christians, Jews and others -- altogether the rest of humanity -- who believe differently to them," Zaid said.
He urged the world to make halting the "increasingly conjoined conflicts in Iraq and Syria" an "immediate and urgent priority."
IS "has demonstrated absolute and deliberate disregard for human rights," Zaid said, stressing that "the scale of its use of brute violence against ethnic and religious groups is unprecedented in recent times."
He warned that attacks by the group motivated by ethnic background or religious beliefs may constitute "a crime against humanity, for which those responsible must be held accountable."
Zaid's speech to the UN's 47-member council came a week after it held an emergency session on the jihadists, deciding to send a fact-finding mission to Iraq to document the extent of their abuses.
Beyond the jihadist threat, the new human rights chief listed a range of other topics to be addressed during the three-week council session. Zaid lashed out at Israel, stressing the need "to end persistent discrimination and impunity" in Gaza, where some 2,140 people were killed during the latest conflict.
"Current and future generations of Palestinians ... have a right to live normal lives in dignity: without conflict, without a blockade, indeed without the wide range of daily human rights infringements that are generated by military occupation," he said.
Read: What is Islamic State and what it wants
Israel's "seven-year blockade must end," he said, also insisting on the right of Israelis to live "free and secure from indiscriminate rocket fire." Zaid also highlighted the plight of migrants around the world, pointing to the nearly 1,900 who have perished trying to cross the Mediterranean so far this year.
"More must be done by the EU and its member states to deal with this tragic situation," he insisted.
He also charged that Australia's practice of turning back vessels carrying migrants was "leading to a chain of human rights violations, including arbitrary detention and possible torture following return to home countries."
And he expressed concern over reports that the United States had detained some of the more than 50,000 unaccompanied children who have arrived in the past year, "fleeing violence and deprivation" in places like El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras.
"Human rights are not reserved for citizens only, or for people with visas," Zaid insisted.

Man Groups flagship funds stage recoverySeptember 8, 2014 1:08 pm
Man Group’s flagship funds stage continued recovery
By Miles Johnson, Hedge Fund Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ae30931a-3747-11e4-b45c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Arihant Capital Markets: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 08, 2014, 06.04 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Arihant Capital Markets: Updates on outcome of AGM
Arihant Capital Markets has submitted a copy of the minutes of the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 09, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Arihant Capital Markets: Updates on outcome of AGM
Arihant Capital Markets has submitted a copy of the minutes of the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 09, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Arihant Capital Markets Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 09, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Here are some trading ideas from Sudarshan SukhaniLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here are some trading ideas from Sudarshan Sukhani
Watch the interview of Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com with Menaka Doshi & Senthil  Chengalvarayan on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his readings and outlook on markets and specific stocks.
Post your opinion here

J&K floods: Will continue rescue work till all victims are pulled out  says ArmyUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Srinagar: The situation in flood ravaged Jammu and Kashmir continues to be critical and all efforts are being made to pull out all victims from this situation. Even though Jammu region is back to normalcy, the situation remains critical in Kashmir.
Addressing the media, Lieutenant General DS Hooda of GOC 16 Corps, said, "We will continue operation Megh Rahat till every one is pulled out of this situation."
Floods continue to wreak havoc and have claimed over 150 lives while lakhs of people have been stranded. The Indian Navy too has now joined the massive rescue operation being carried out by the Indian Army, Indian Air Force, NDRF and Jammu and Kashmir Police.
About 70 per cent of Srinagar and South Kashmir is reeling under flood fury. "In Kashmir valley and South Kashmir the situation remains critical. Valley is cut off on both sides by road. Our focus is the rescue people stranded at their houses," said Hooda.
The rescue work has also picked up as rain stopped in last two days. "We are working with civil administration to restore water and electricity supply. We have moved engineers and water pumps," he added.
The Army has been working round the clock and have provided relief material to the people. "10,000 blankets and 3,000 tents have been provided by the Army. Food and water supply are being flown in from Pathankot and medical facilities are being flown in from Pathankot, Chandigarh and Delhi."
Seven more IAF aircraft have also been pressed into action. Many locals are still stranded on rooftops in Jammu as water level in some areas is as high as 6 to 7 feet. Communication lines are down, and there are power cuts in many parts of the valley.
However, there may be some ray of hope as the Met department has said that there will be no rains for the next three to five days. "There is no chance of rain in the state for the next 3 to 5 days, though the sky will remain cloudy," Met department Director BP Yadav said.
Helpline numbers:
New Delhi J&K House (011)-24611210 and 24611108
Srinagar-0194-2452138

Facebook can make you lonely  depressed: StudyUrgent aid needed. Help Now
London: Do you often feel you have wasted time on Facebook or termed it as a meaningless activity but still cannot let your eyes move away from the screen? You are at the risk of developing depression.
According to new research, while the social networking site is there to help you stay in touch with your near and dear ones, there are consequences to its consistent use, including a "lowered life satisfaction of basic psychological needs and dampened mood".
"There is a link between a dampened mood and Facebook," informed Austrian psychologists Christina Sagioglou and Tobias Greitmeyer.
"There is a link between a dampened mood and Facebook," say Austrian psychologists Christina Sagioglou and Tobias Greitmeyer. ( Facebook , via Shutterstock)
During the three-phase study, they first analysed 123 German speaking active Facebook users.
Most of them showed a mood decline after spending time on Facebook, including a sense of growing loneliness.
In the second phase, 263 people volunteered through Amazon's Mechanical Turk programme.
The findings once again displayed a mood decline in those visiting Facebook.
In the last phase, 101 active Facebook users were asked if logging into Facebook would make them happier or feel down.
Most of the participants reported feeling worse and lonelier when they logged off, Viral Global News reported.
The paper was published in the journal Computers in Human Behavior.

Apple s September 9 event: iWatch  iPhone 6 with larger screens  bigger iPad expectedUrgent aid needed. Help Now
San Francisco: It has been four years since Apple introduced a completely new gadget and the pressure is on for the world's largest tech company to wow at its "special event" in Cupertino, California, on Tuesday.
Apple has fed the high expectations, with promises by executives that the company's best product pipeline in 25 years is being readied inside its secretive facilities. That's a high bar for a company whose hits include the modern, graphic-based personal computer, the smartphone, the iPod and the tablet PC.
Those now ubiquitous gadgets were created under the innovative and famously meticulous eye of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs, who died in 2011. When Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook takes the stage on Tuesday, technology aficionados, investors and rivals will be watching closely to see whether Jobs' handpicked successor inherited the magic touch or whether Apple's winning streak is coming to an end.
The rumoured Apple iWatch is not likely to go on sale until sometime in 2015 and the company may not even reveal its price on Tuesday.
"We think Apple's pipeline is finally going to satisfy those who have wondered if the company has any new products. The stock price has been rallying as investors are beginning to believe that Tim Cook all along was telling the truth that there is an incredible pipeline of products," said Michael Yoshikami, CEO of Destination Wealth Management.
In the last five years, the period beginning July 1 has been the most fruitful for holders of Apple shares, with an average price gain of about 22.5 percent, compared with 11 percent gains seen in the first half of the last five years.
Below are some of the key products and features to look out for at Apple's big event on Tuesday:
iWatch?: Rumors of an Apple smartwatch go back several years, but Tuesday may finally be showtime. The watch, which will reportedly have a flexible screen and come in two sizes, will track its wearer's health and fitness, double as an electronic wallet and of course, display messages.
The watch is not likely to go on sale until sometime in 2015 and Apple may not even reveal its price on Tuesday. But with rivals such as Google Inc and Samsung Electronics Co already entering the smartwatch market, tech-watchers are anxious for Apple to show its cards.
"The market has been waiting for Apple's product as the real category-defining product," said FBN Securities analyst Shebly Seyfari.
iPhone 6: Smartphones are Apple's bread-and-butter, representing more than half of its revenue, and the company is expected to introduce a pair of new models with bigger screens, a sleeker design and wireless payment capabilities. The iPhone 6 will be available with 5.5-inch or 4.7-inch screens, a step up from the current models' 4-inch screens. There is also speculation that some phones will boast extra-tough screens made from scratch-resistant sapphire material.
Mobile Wallet: Apple has reportedly struck deals with major credit card providers Visa Inc, MasterCard Inc and American Express Co. The partnerships, as well as a special communication chip within the new iPhone and smartwatch, would allow consumers to use their gadgets at stores to buy everything from coffee to blue jeans - changing the shopping experience and extending Apple's reach from the Web to real-world commerce.
Health: Apple's launch of the "HealthKit" data service earlier this year made it clear that it sees its products helping consumers manage personal health information. By incorporating the HealthKit service into the iPhone 6, and by packing its smartwatch with sensors capable of monitoring physical movements and heart rates, Apple could lay the groundwork for a broader push into mobile healthcare.
One More Thing?: Apple's Jobs was famous for surprising fans with unexpected products at the end of his presentations. Could Cook preserve the tradition with a peek at a long-awaited Apple television, a rumored bigger iPad or a completely unexpected product?

Vistara may take off on October 15Aneesh Phadnis |  Mumbai Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 12:47 AM IST
Vistara likely to take off on Oct 15
Will commemorate J R D Tata's flight from Karachi to Mumbai on the same date in 1932
Vistara, the Tata-Singapore Airlines joint venture, is likely to commence operations on October 15, commemorating J R D Tata’s flight from Karachi to Mumbai on the same date in 1932. J R D Tata’s flight carrying mail between the two cities was the first by an Indian company and it opened the air link to peninsular India.
Vistara, a joint venture of Tata Group and Singapore Airlines, is awaiting approval from the Directorate General of Civil Aviation to start service and is expecting its first
Airbus A320 this week. Tata Sons holds a 51 per cent stake in the airline, while the remainder is held by Singapore Airlines. Together, the two companies have committed initial investments worth $100 million in the airline.
WAITING FOR WINGS
Vistara is awaiting approval form DGCA to start service and is expecting its first Airbus A320 this week
Tata Sons holds 51 per cent in the airline and the rest is held by Singapore Airlines
Together, the two companies have committed initial investments worth $100 mn
“We cannot comment on the (launch) date at this stage... We will take delivery of our first aircraft, an Airbus A320, in the second week of September. If all goes well, we plan to conduct ‘proving flights’ in the next four weeks. We have a plan but it all depends on the process and progress of approvals we need to go through. We will be able to share more with you when we are ready,” said a Vistara spokesperson.
Vistara will have a fleet of five by the end of the year. According to initial plans, it will fly to five cities, which could go up to 11 after a year of operations. The airline will have 87 weekly flights linking Delhi to Mumbai, Goa, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Jammu, Srinagar, Patna and Chandigarh.
According to sources, the airline is likely to offer 148 seats across three classes.
While the airline management remains tight-lipped about its plans, sources said its Airbus A320 is likely to have 16 business class, 36 premium economy, and 96 economy class seats.
“October 15, 1932, is a significant date in Indian aviation history. Until then, air mail services within India were offered only by the then British India government, using Air Force planes. Tata Sons was the first Indian company to offer mail service. October 15 is also regarded as birth date of Air India, which was established by him (JRD),” said aviation historian Anuradha Reddy.
 Advertisements

Futures pointing to modest losses at the openGoldman Sachs recommends Kroger calls ahead of earnings
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kroger Co has been a strong performer in 2014, rising almost 31 percent year-to-date, but Goldman Sachs thinks investors are underestimating the grocery-store chain and recommends buying calls in the company ahead of its results.
Goldman analyst Stephen Grambling expects the company to raise its full-year profit outlook when it reports results on Sept. 11. His forecast for Kroger's earnings in the current quarter are also ahead of consensus expectations.

GM Board Blamed For Reaction To Safety Crisisgm board blamed for reaction to safety crisis
Subrata Roy gets 15-day extension to sell oversea assetsSubrata Roy gets 15-day extension to sell oversea assets
Rupee at its five-week highRupee at its five-week high
Stalemate in Pakistan continues; talks enter  meaningful  phaseStalemate in Pakistan continues; talks enter  meaningful  phase
Government will not allow FDI in multi-brand retailGovernment will not allow FDI in multi-brand retail
Microsoft revamps MSN with mobile on mindMicrosoft revamps MSN with mobile on mind
Punj Lloyd wins Rs 3 515 cr tankage order in MalaysiaPunj Lloyd wins Rs 3 515 cr tankage order in Malaysia
India  Germany discuss partnering in skill developmentIndia  Germany discuss partnering in skill development
Panel tells CoalMin to consider giving 8 mines to power sectorPanel tells CoalMin to consider giving 8 mines to power sector
THE APPOINTMENT : R C BHARGAVAThe Indian market has been moving higher on positive domestic developments; other emerging markets have done well because of strong global inflows, but given the global cues one could see a tactical correction in emerging markets, Jyotivardhan Jaipur...
Source : CNBC-TV18
Share this video with Friends
Most Watched Videos

Indian cement tops the valuation chartKrishna Kant |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 10:49 PM IST
Indian cement companies top global valuation chart
Shree Cement is now the world's most expensive cement maker followed by Ultratech Cement
Indian cement makers are now the costliest in the world, with a price-to-earnings multiple nearly double that of their global peers and four times that of top Chinese cement makers. Currently, India’s cement makers are trading at about 33 times their net profits for the last four quarters, against the global average of 16.5 and 7.4 for Chinese companies. These cement makers also top the charts for the ratio of price to book value. At current share prices, these companies are valued at 3.7 times their book value, or net worth. The corresponding ratios for their global and Chinese peers are 1.2 and one, respectively, according to Bloomberg data.
This analysis is based on data for the top 30 listed cement companies---10 each from India, China and the rest of the world. The companies in this sample reported combined revenue of $169 billion and a net profit of $11 billion for the year ended June this year. In terms of revenue, these companies account for about two-thirds the global cement market, estimated at $234.6 billion in 2013, according to data from market research firm Transparency Market Research.
Many see further upsides in cement stocks. “Cement makers are likely to report strong earnings growth from the second half of this financial year and this will more-than-make-up for the current high valuations,” says Sanjay Singh, cement analyst at Centrum Broking. Among companies, the Shree Cement stock is the world’s most expensive cement counter, valued at 38 times its trailing 12-month net profit and more than six times its latest net worth. Shree Cement is followed by Ultratech Cement, trading at 33 times its trading earnings and 4.3 times its latest net worth.
By comparison, Lafarge SA, the world’s largest cement maker excluding China, is currently trading at 22.3 times its trailing earnings and on a par with its net worth. It peer Holcim is trading at 15.7 times its trailing earnings and 1.2 times its latest net worth.
The valuations are lower in China, the world’s largest cement market. In that country, the top cement maker by capacity, Anhui Conch, is trading at eight times its trailing annual net profit and 1.7 times its net worth. China National Building Material Company, the world’s second-largest building material supplier by revenue (after Holcim) is valued at just 3.6 times its trailing earnings; it is trading at a discount to its net worth.
Chinese companies are trading at a discount despite reporting some the best financial ratios in the sector. These companies reported an operating margin of 21.7 per cent, against 17.6 per cent in India and 17.1 per cent elsewhere. Also, they top the charts for return on equity, at 15 per cent, against 11.1 per cent for Indian companies and 5.3 per cent for others.
Brushing aside any fear of a bubble in cement stocks, analysts point to the growth opportunity. “Right now, valuations aren’t stretched. Earnings are at their low point in the cycle and if GDP (gross domestic product) growth and infrastructure investment takes off, there will be a dramatic surge in their earnings. This has led to a re-rating,” says Jinesh Gandhi, cement analyst at Motilal Oswal Securities.
Others say cement stocks have become a proxy for the infrastructure and real estate sectors, just as Bhel was a proxy for the power sector in the previous bull-run. “As there are few quality stocks in real estate and infrastructure, investors are piling on cement stocks to take advantage of the new government’s focus on these two sectors. This gives top cement makers some scarcity premium, leading to higher price multiples,” says Devang Mehta, senior vice-president and head (equity sales) at Anand Rathi Financial Services.
This is clear in the increasing heft of Indian cement makers in the global league table. Now, Indian cement makers account for 17.2 per cent of the entire sample with combined market capitalisation of $184 billion, nearly three times their revenue share and more than twice their profit share. By contrast, Chinese cement makers account for a fifth of the market cap, despite 28.2 per cent revenue share and 45 per cent share in net profits. At this rate, Indian cement makers might soon surpass their Chinese peers in terms of market capitalisation.
 Advertisements

Should Diesel Prices Become Market-Linkedshould diesel prices become market-linked
Moms  Group Calls Out Kroger s Gun Policy In New Ad CampaignMoms' Group Calls Out Kroger's Gun Policy In Unprecedented New Ad Campaign
Posted:
reddit
The moms are taking the gun control fight to Kroger's backyard.
On Thursday, Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America, a gun control group backed by former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg's considerable financial resources, will blanket half a dozen newspapers with ads meant to pressure the grocery giant to stop allowing customers to openly carry firearms in its stores. The ads will be displayed on the newspapers' websites as well as on a billboard in Cincinnati, where Kroger's corporate headquarters is based, according to the group.
The ads will contrast images of shoppers doing things that are currently prohibited in Kroger's stores -- such as eating ice cream and shopping while shirtless -- with images of people carrying rifles. "Guess which one" isn't allowed at Kroger, the tag line says. (Scroll down for full images of the group's ads.)
This is the first time Moms Demand Action has bought ads as part of one of its campaigns to convince a company to enact a no-open-carry policy. Erika Soto Lamb, a spokeswoman for Everytown for Gun Safety, the umbrella group that includes Moms Demand Action, declined to say how much the ads cost, saying only that the amount was in the "six figures."
Moms Demand Action first announced its intention to focus on Kroger two weeks ago, citing several shootings that had happened in or near Kroger stores as the impetus. Kroger has about 2,500 locations in the U.S., and is the nation's largest grocery chain. In response to the announcement, Kroger initially said that it would continue to follow local gun laws, and argued that asking its employees to enforce a no-gun policy would be impractical and dangerous.
Other companies previously targeted by Moms Demand Action initially made similar statements, before reversing course and requesting that gun owners not bring weapons inside their stores or restaurants. Chipotle, Sonic, Target and Starbucks have all changed their policies in response to the group's demands.
While falling short of outright bans -- which business owners generally say would be impossible to enforce -- these new policies suggest that corporate America may fear the economic might of gun control activists more than supporters of permissive open carry laws. (This calculus, so far, does not apply to Congress, where the National Rifle Association and its lobbyists largely hold sway.)
Moms Demand Action's most effective technique has been to circulate photos taken by people who support the right to openly carry weapons in public. Some of the photos depict people holding large rifles as they wait in line to buy a burrito or order a hamburger. Tensions over this practice have flared up in several states, especially Texas, where openly carrying a handgun in public is banned, but carrying long rifles is not.
The earlier campaigns by Moms Demand Action have largely been waged on Twitter and Facebook, though the group has also staged protests at several stores. The Kroger ad buy represents a significant escalation in terms of both financial commitment and visibility. The ads will run as " homepage takeovers " in the online editions of USA Today, The Cincinnati Enquirer, The Columbus Dispatch, the Houston Chronicle, The Detroit News and the Detroit Free Press, according to the group. The ads will also appear in the print editions of several of these papers, as well as The Tennessean.
"These images bring into stark contrast Kroger policies that prohibit skateboards, food and a lack of appropriate attire in stores, but allow the open carry of loaded guns," said Shannon Watts, the founder of Moms Demand Action, in a statement. "Businesses have an obligation to protect their employees and patrons."
Kroger, so far, has rebuffed the group's calls to take its side in the national gun debate.
"We know that our customers are passionate on both sides of this issue and we trust them to be responsible in our stores," spokesman Keith Daily previously told The Huffington Post.
More:

Europe s Austerity-Fueled Depression Keeps Getting Worsereddit
Europe's central bank just slashed interest rates and launched emergency stimulus measures -- but six years too late, and not enough to counter the austerity that has Europe in a worse mess than the Great Depression.
The European Central Bank surprised markets on Thursday by cutting its target short-term interest rate to basically zero. ECB also plans to buy a bunch of bonds to push longer-term rates lower, too -- an echo of the U.S. Federal Reserve's many rounds of "quantitative easing," used in recent years to goose the economy (or at least the stock market).
Good job, good effort , ECB, except this comes nearly six years after the Fed cut its own rates to zero and launched QE. In other words, the ECB is way behind the game. That's one reason the U.S. recovery, unsatisfying as it has been, looks like the 1990s economic boom compared to the crap hoagie that is Europe's economy.
Europe's current slump is worse than the Great Depression, as Paul Krugman and many others have pointed out . Here's a chart for evidence, via Professor Nicholas Crafts at the University of Warwick:
The red line represents Europe's current GDP growth and the forecast for the next year or so. As you can see, it's flatlined. The black line shows the growth of European countries that wisely dumped the gold standard during the Great Depression of the 1920s and '30s. The yellow line shows the countries that stuck with gold for too long. Europe is currently doing just about as well as those miserable countries.
In fact, this chart is about eight months old, and the red line's end should probably be lower than it is. Europe's GDP has relapsed lately, raising fears of a triple-dip recession, as this graph from Trading Economics shows:
U.S. GDP hasn't exactly been gangbusters, but it's at least managed to stay positive (mostly):
Europe's unemployment rate, meanwhile, is 11.5 percent, compared with 6.2 percent for the United States. European inflation is also dangerously low, near zero percent, while U.S. inflation isn't far from the Fed's target of 2 percent.
Low inflation sounds great, unless you consider the case of Japan, or the U.S. in the Great Depression. In those cases, prices kept falling, so people stopped buying stuff because they expected prices to fall -- which they did, which made people continue to not buy stuff. All the while, the economy got worse.
That's the path Europe is on. It's largely the fault of Europe's fiscal policy makers, who have stubbornly refused to spend money to stimulate the economy, aside from a paltry stimulus package that amounted to just 1.5 percent of GDP in 2008. By comparison, the U.S. stimulus plan in 2009, though probably not nearly big enough, was worth more than 5 percent of GDP. Europe has also imposed strict austerity measures on Greece and other countries struggling with high debt loads.
The ECB hasn't helped by waiting too long to act aggressively. And now it's playing catch-up in the middle of a depression.
More:

CDC: Nearly 1 in 5 women have been rapedBy Elahe Izadi September 5 Follow @ElaheIzadi
An estimated 19.3 percent of women have been raped at one point in their lives. That's according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which Friday released results from a 2011 survey .
Additionally, nearly 2 percent of men have been raped; nearly 44 percent of women and 23 percent of men have experienced some other form of sexual violence; and 15 percent of women and nearly 6 percent have men have been stalked.
Sexual violence other than rape includes sexual coercion, unwanted sexual contact and non-contact unwanted sexual experiences.
"A substantial proportion of U.S. female and male adults have experienced some form of sexual violence, stalking, or intimate partner violence at least once during their lifetimes," the CDC report notes. "Consistent with previous studies, the overall pattern of results suggest that women, in particular, are heavily impacted over their lifetime. However, the results also indicate that many men experience sexual violence, stalking, and, in particular, physical violence by an intimate partner."
Both men and women tended to be first victimized when they were young; 78 percent of female rape victims were first raped before they were 25, as were 71 percent of male rape victims.
Survey estimates show significant proportions of women of all races and ethnicities have reported being raped: 32.3 percent of multiracial women; 27.5 percent of Native American women; 21.2 percent of black women; 20.5 percent of white women; and 13.6 percent of Hispanic women.
The numbers are even higher when it comes to other forms of sexual violence; for instance, the majority of multiracial women -- 64 percent -- said they have been victims of sexual violence other than rape.
When it comes to who is committing these acts of violence, 99 percent of female rape victims and the vast majority of male rape victims -- almost 80 percent -- said they've only been raped by men. Women made up the majority of perpetrators of other forms of sexual violence against men.
Victims tend to know their perpetrators, whether they are partners or an acquaintance. Almost half of female and male rape victims have had at least one intimate partner rape them.
Although the response rate to the survey wasn't that high -- about 33 percent -- those who did respond overwhelmingly cooperated, and researchers worked to overcome any bias resulting from non-responses. Researchers also note that it's very likely that their results actually underestimated the prevalence of sexual violence in American society.
The survey took place over cellphones and landlines, with more than 12,000 completed interviews. This is the second National Intimate Partner and Sexual Violence Survey; the first was conducted in 2010 , when 18.3 percent of women and 1.4 percent of men said they had been raped at some point in their lives. Many of the figures in this latest survey reflect what was found in the 2010 survey, when just over 16,000 interviews were completed.
This post has been updated.
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post. She can be reached at elahe.izadi@washpost.com and on Twitter @ ElaheIzadi .
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national/health-science, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409939719/1409939719000/1409939719 tracking: {authors=Elahe Izadi, blog_name=to-your-health, content_category=National/health-science, in_url_headline=cdc-nearly-1-in-5-women-have-been-raped, post_id=4702, section={section=national/health-science, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 5:55:19 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 5:55:19 PM

15 Stunning Male Dancers Expand What It Means To Be Masculinereddit
"Masculinity as a socially constructed identity is not a stable entity, but one made up of conflictual and contradictory aspects.”
Those are the words of Ramsay Burt, author of The Male Dancer , and they are part of the inspiration behind Amy Elkins' stunning photography series, " Danseur ." For the project, she captured portraits of young male dancers in Copenhagen, Denmark, moments after intensive training. The subjects, ages 12 to 28, stare purposefully at the camera or glance wistfully into the distance, projecting diverse interpretations of what it means to be a masculine athlete.
"I am fascinated with the art and sport of ballet and contemporary dance, specifically with young men who push past gender stereotypes associated with dance and challenge societal notions of masculinity," Elkins explained to HuffPost.
Framing the men in her images alone, basking in light, she presents both the vulnerability and strength involved in their very different portrayals of male identity. While a second year student of the Royal Danish Ballet School stands comfortably in front of Elkins' lens, hands intertwined and a calm expression fixed on his face, an older member of Dansehallerne appears in a hypnotic state, his arm twisted around his face and his eyes tightly shut.
The Los Angeles-based Elkins has spent some time exploring the realms where gender-based stereotypes and male identities are pushed to their limits. In a series titled " Elegant Violence ," the photographed dove into the world of rugby, creating vintage studio portraits of athletes who demonstrate both sheer aggression and athleticism, as well as intimate body contact and physical grace. Similarly, in " Wallflower ," she situated her subjects in front of floral wall prints, stripped of clothing or any other context that would point to their personal self. She reverses the traditional male-on-female gaze, questioning what aspects of beauty we associate with specific genders.
While "Elegant Violence" and yet another series, " Black is the Day, Black is the Night ," centered on prisoners serving life or death row sentences, focus on the hyper-masculine, "Danseur" moves to the other end of the spectrum. While it's clear the men pictured are not only physically adept but also psychologically determined, their bodies are channeling postures and expressions not typically -- or, stereotypically -- matched with masculinity.
See a preview of the works below and head over to Elkins' site for more .

Neiman Marcus sees luxury growth in NYC flagship launchNeiman Marcus sees luxury growth in NYC flagship launch
Neiman Marcus sees luxury growth in NYC flagship launch
Sept. 5 (Bloomberg) -- Karen Matz, president and Chief Executive Officer at Neiman Marcus, talks with Betty Liu about how plans came together for the luxury retailers huge flagship store in New York City and why she sees growth for luxury customers.
Sept. 5 (Bloomberg) -- Karen Matz, president and Chief Executive Officer at Neiman Marcus, talks with Betty Liu about how plans came together for the luxury retailers huge flagship store in New York City and why she sees growth for luxury customers.
See more videos
Sept. 5 (Bloomberg) -- Karen Matz, president and Chief Executive Officer at Neiman Marcus, talks with Betty Liu about how plans came together for the luxury retailers huge flagship store in New York City and why she sees growth for luxury customers.

Meet The Art World s Closest Thing To A Living Chameleonreddit
Most often when we encounter body art, there's not much meaning behind the images aside from the fairly obvious fact that beautiful naked bodies covered in paint look aesthetically pleasing. And then there's Liu Bolin.
Bolin is a Chinese artist and living chameleon, known for masking himself in a variety of backdrops as colorful as they are poignant. In his newest exhibition "A Colorful World?" Bolin broaches the more sinister aspects of contemporary culture, from our consumption of poisonous junk food to consumer oppression. Despite the works' mischievous appearance, a closer look proves you'll often find a serious undertone (and a painted Liu Bolin!) beneath the surface.
For his "Security Check" series, Bolin sculpted a cast of his own body, raising his arms in a helpless fashion typical of one undergoing an airport security check. The work illuminates the surrender-like pose civilians are trained to assume on a daily basis without a second thought, surrendering their privacy for the promise of safety that, lately, hardly seems to exist.
Bolin's "In Junk Food" fist sculptures address the brightly colored junk food packaging that advertise unhealthy, if not downright poisonous, merchandise. Bolin's work argues that the lighthearted colors and designs adorning chip bags and soda cans aren't just faulty advertising, they're a form of oppression.
And finally, there's the iconic "Hiding in the City" series, featuring the art world's stealthiest model in a variety of stellar camouflage, blending into magazine racks and street murals flawlessly.
" The background is the most important element in my work ," Bolin said in a previous interview with The Huffington Post. "I hide myself in locations carrying a deeper level of societal issues and human culture behind the modern world we developed. Normally I'm the figure in my photo, but at the same time, it could be any one of us. I expose the most private thinking within everyone."
See Bolin's exhibition from September 11 until November 1, 2014 at Klein Sun Gallery .
Courtesy Klein Sun Gallery, NY. © Liu Bolin
Courtesy Klein Sun Gallery, NY. © Liu Bolin
Courtesy Klein Sun Gallery, NY. © Liu Bolin
Courtesy Klein Sun Gallery, NY. © Liu Bolin
Courtesy Klein Sun Gallery, NY. © Liu Bolin
Courtesy Klein Sun Gallery, NY. © Liu Bolin
Courtesy Klein Sun Gallery, NY. © Liu Bolin
Courtesy Klein Sun Gallery, NY. © Liu Bolin
Missing Courtesy Klein Sun Gallery, NY. © Liu Bolin
Courtesy Klein Sun Gallery, NY. © Liu Bolin
Courtesy Klein Sun Gallery, NY. © Liu Bolin
Courtesy Klein Sun Gallery, NY. © Liu Bolin
Courtesy Klein Sun Gallery, NY. © Liu Bolin
Courtesy Klein Sun Gallery, NY. © Liu Bolin
Also on HuffPost:

This Dog Does NOT Want To Leave The Dog Parkreddit
He just doesn't wanna go, you guys!
In this video from Youtuber Josh G , an indignant and adorable husky dog is having too much fun at the dog park and digs in his paws in protest of leaving.
The subtitles definitely make the video. So accurate.

10 Types Of 30-Year-Old Single Guysreddit
30-year-old guys are a curious bunch. Find me a group of 30-year-old men and I'll pick out one overgrown frat dude living with roommates, another guy who just dropped his two kids off at school, a few who are well into their careers and a couple soul-searchers looking for work. Some will tell you that they've finally figured it all out and some more will say they feel hopeless for the first time in their lives. It's a motley crew. But perhaps the motliest part of this crowd is the ever-growing group of 30-year-old single guys. If you want a case study in humanity, 30-year-old single guys have pretty much all the bases covered. Let's examine some of the common types:
1) The Total Package
The Total Package is smart -- he went to a top college. The Total Package is an athlete, a musician, and an avid traveler. The Total Package is handsome -- and you better believe he's well-groomed.
The Total Package has a hell of a career going, but don't you for a second suggest that The Total Package would be a workaholic -- The Total Package is a family man.
There's just one thing The Total Package seems to be having a hard time finding -- a girl worthy of his greatness.
Yes, the woman fit for The Total Package will be the ultimate icing on his cake of perfection. He imagines her often -- gorgeous as they come, she turns heads; bursting with charm and charisma, she lights up every room she enters; she's a brilliant rising star in her career and beloved by her many friends. And that's just her public persona -- at home, she's fantastic in bed, a spectacular cook, loving, selfless, and devoted. Oh and she also speaks French, plays tennis, sings beautifully, reads voraciously and she's a history buff. His Juliet.
Unsurprisingly, The Total Package is single. He's immersed in a fierce battle between his superhuman standards and his terror of being 40 and single -- because 40 and single is not supposed to be part of The Total Package's story.
2) The New Lease On Life Guy
As long as anyone can remember, The New Lease On Life Guy had been dating his longterm girlfriend. He never seemed that happy in the relationship, but everyone just assumed they would eventually get married. Now, after a long and difficult breakup, The New Lease On Life Guy has reemerged with a bang and is suddenly acting like he just got called down on The Price Is Right. He's not really sure how to be single but he's goddamn happy he is, and he's sure as hell going out tonight.
He's also the arch-nemesis of The Resigned Fiance, who's in an equally unhappy relationship but just kind of kept going with it, unable to resist the sweet, sweet inertia, and who most certainly does not want to hear about The New Lease On Life Guy's latest exploits.
3) The Guy Who Has To Marry Someone Of The Same Ethnicity Or His Parents Will Never Speak To Him Again
It's hard enough finding someone to be your life partner, and this guy's parents are really not making things any easier. He tried to rebel briefly, but after his last girlfriend was not allowed in his parents' house, causing her to cry, he gave up on that.
He'd also really appreciate it if his mother would stop setting him up on dates.
4) The Misogynist
The Misogynist hates women, and women hate The Misogynist. The Misogynist doesn't know a whole lot about the other gender, but he can tell you the exact number of them he's slept with -- 214.
He did quite well with girls back in his earlier days when many were in their attracted-to-assholes phase, but lately, only those with the lowest self-esteem seem to gravitate towards him.
The Misogynist's close cousin is The Perpetual Cheater. They're different but they understand each other.
5) The Guy Who Peaked Too Early
Back in the day, The Guy Who Peaked Too Early had everything a 17-year-old girl could ever dream of. His sky-high confidence carried him smoothly through college, and no one was surprised when he landed a smart, sweet, beautiful girlfriend in his early 20s. But The Guy Who Peaked Too Early was just getting started. There was a field that needed to be played, and he broke up with his girlfriend when he was 24.
Now it's seven years later, his hair got bored and left, and his high school lacrosse glory isn't part of the conversation that much these days. And he's noticing that girls like his ex-girlfriend don't seem to be all that into him anymore. Realizing this about five years after everyone else, he takes a deep sigh and cranks his standards down a few big notches.
6) The Guy Who's Finally a Good Catch
On the other side of the coin, after losing some weight, getting decent clothes, and having early career success, The Guy Who's Finally a Good Catch is getting more attention each week than he got in his first 25 years combined. Girls find it endearing that such an appealing guy has managed to maintain his humility, when it's actually just that he's assuming every girl is out of his league at all times.
Once his new situation starts to sink in, he enters an unfortunate new phase, stressing out his male friends out by doing things like winking at them over the shoulder of a girl he's dancing with and offering them a fist pound when an attractive girl walks by on the street.
7) The Normal Guy Who Just Hasn't Met The Right Girl Yet And He Really Wishes People Would Stop Looking At Him With Those Pitying Eyes
Ah, The NGWJHMTRGYAHRWPWSLAHWTPE. The NGWJHMTRGYAHRWPWSLAHWTPE is enjoying his life. He likes his job, he likes his friends, and he likes being single just fine. He's in no rush to be in a relationship and feels totally confident that at some point, he'll meet the right girl and get married.
He's also not quite sure why everyone who knows him is trying to figure out "what the problem is." His parents are worried, never wasting an opportunity to ask him if he's been dating anyone. His friends want to help, setting him up on dates every chance they get. He appreciates all the unsolicited support, but he also thinks it would be pretty great if everyone stopped thinking there was something wrong with him.
8) The Aggressively Online Dating Guy Who Can't Believe He's Not Married Yet
The opposite of the previous guy, The Aggressively Online Dating Guy Who Can't Believe He's Not Married Yet can't believe he's not married yet. Through high school, college and his twenties, he was always The Guy With A Girlfriend. He spent years enjoying pitying his single friends, and somehow, he's now 30 and single.
He has four online dating profiles, and when people ask him if he's dating anyone, he explains that he's just too busy with his career right now for a relationship.
9) The In-The-Closet Guy
The In-The-Closet Guy is so close to being the perfect catch -- he's handsome, he's well-dressed, and he has a great job. He's funny, articulate, and charming. The only tiny little inconvenience is that he's not attracted to females whatsoever.
His antithesis is The NGWJHMTRGYAHRWPWSLAHWTPE, who's had just enough of the theories about him being gay, since he's completely straight and, for the hundredth time, just hasn't met the right girl yet and is really very okay with being single right now.
10) The Guy Who Has Just Fully Quit At This Point
The Guy Who Has Just Fully Quit At This Point never tried that hard in the first place, but at least there used to be a semblance of effort. He doesn't like going to bars, refuses to try online dating, and both the bong and the X-Box are back in the living room following their brief stint in the closet after his friend gave him a pep talk one day four months ago.
Deep down, The Guy Who Has Just Fully Quit At This Point is pretty frightened about a lot of things, but his fear manifests itself in indifferent denial, and passivity usually prevails. There is only way that things change for The Guy Who Has Just Fully Quit At This Point, and that's to find himself squarely in the sights of The Girl Who Relentlessly Pursues. Until then, the whole thing isn't really his issue.
More from Wait But Why:

Tractor sales may skid on deficient monsoonUpdated: September 8, 2014 00:15 IST
Tractor sales may skid on deficient monsoon
Ajay Srinivasan
manufacturing and engineering
The damage to the rabi crop in key agrarian states, caused by unseasonal rains and hailstorms in February and March, compounded by the less-than-normal monsoon this year will take a toll on domestic tractor sales volumes in 2014-15.
We reckon that domestic tractor sales volumes are likely to fall by 3-5 per cent year-on-year this fiscal due to the delayed kharif sowing caused by the late onset of rainfall this season – rainfall was 18 per cent deficient during June-August this year. Key agrarian areas like Punjab, Uttar Pradesh, parts of Maharashtra, Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, West Rajasthan and Bihar have received deficient rainfall ranging from 64 per cent to 16 per cent.
Although kharif sowing has picked up in August (latest agriculture ministry estimates suggest near- to above-normal sowing in rice and cotton but below-normal sowing in cereals, oilseeds and pulses), it is still 3.2 per cent lower when compared with a year-ago period. At the beginning of August, sowing was 14 per cent below last season’s figure.
Unseasonal rains
Moreover, the sentiment was negative in the first quarter (April-June 2014) because of unseasonal rains that caused some damage to the rabi crop. This hit tractor sales during March-May in major states such as Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and Rajasthan and, to some extent, Haryana and Punjab.
The poor monsoon this year will impact the kharif crop and heighten the downside risk to agricultural income and, consequently, tractor sales in states that are critically dependent on rainfall. Farmer realisations in the kharif season are also likely to be lower this year as many farmers went in for short-duration crops early in the season due to predictions of deficient rainfall. Even in less-rainfall dependent states such as Punjab and Haryana, costs of inputs (power, fuel etc) will go up and impact incomes. The hike in minimum support prices (MSPs) of both kharif and rabi crops — which has played a key role in propelling tractor sales in the past — is also modest this year (1-4 per cent year-on-year) compared with an average 10-15 per cent each year between 2007-08 and 2012-13.
On the positive side, however, news on water levels in the country’s 85 major reservoirs areas is more encouraging for the forthcoming rabi crop. According to the Central Water Commission storage this year is slightly higher than the average of the last 10 years (as of August 21) although it is still about 12 per cent lower than in the corresponding period last year.
Nevertheless, the overall sentiment towards tractor purchases may not take a turn for the positive until the fag end of the year unlike last fiscal when a good kharif and rabi output reflected in healthy growth in tractor sales till February before unseasonal rains in March.
Monsoon, still a critical factor
The dip in tractor sales this year will be a disappointment to the industry, coming as it does on the back of a robust 19-21 per cent growth in 2013-14 but it does reveal how critically dependent the domestic industry still is on rainfall.
Despite considerable progress on the irrigation front, the progress of the monsoon still has a direct bearing in many states on crop production and, consequently, tractor sales.
Traditionally, the impact of a deficient monsoon is most in the western regions, followed by the South, particularly Tamil Nadu, which is highly dependent on the rainfall. But in 2014-15, we expect sales may decline by 5-7 per cent in the west, and 3-5 per cent in the North. The South will be relatively unscathed, largely because of the relatively better monsoons in Karnataka.
In Haryana and Punjab, the weak monsoon will compound the effects of the damage to the rabi crop in terms of an increase in input costs. Sales will slip by 8-10 per cent in Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra (in the western region), both of which are key tractor markets. In Gujarat, we expect sales to be flat, but that number masks the fact that last year’s base is very low. In Tamil Nadu, we expect back-to-back monsoon failures to continue to severely impact sales.
In the long term, however, tractor sales will rise steadily supported by stable farm incomes, increase in investments on irrigation projects, growing commercial usage of tractors and increased focus of government on agricultural and rural development.
Cross-country comparison also indicates healthy demand potential with the current penetration of tractors estimated to be close to 1 hp per hectare compared to a range of 3-4 hp per hectare in developed countries. Clearly, India has a long way to catch up.
The author is Director, Crisil Research, a division of Crisil.

Goldman Raises Nifty Target to 9 000 for September 2015You are here: Home Market
Goldman Raises Nifty Target to 9,000 for September 2015
Reuters | Updated On: September 08, 2014 10:16 (IST)
Goldman Sachs raised Nifty's target to 9,000 points for September 2015. Its previous target was 8,600 points for June 2015.
Goldman said earnings sentiment remained positive for the overall market.
The 50-share broader index is the best performing equity index in Asian markets, up 32.6 per cent in US dollar terms for 2014 so far.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Re @ over 5-week high; Goldman sees it at 63Asian units
(By 9:05 a.m. (0335 GMT),…)
MUMBAI: The Indian rupee strengthened to a more than five-week high on Monday, tracking broad overnight losses in the dollar versus major currencies following the weaker-than-anticipated US jobs data.
Gains in other Asian units versus the dollar also helped sentiment.
By 9:05 a.m. (0335 GMT), the partially convertible rupee was at 60.24/25 per dollar, its strongest since July 31 and above its close of 60.39/40 on Friday.
The dollar slipped on Friday after data showed US employers added the fewest jobs in eight months, eroding confidence in the economy and reviving bets that the Federal Reserve might leave interest rates near zero for longer than anticipated.
Earlier this week, they have also revised their USD/INR targets to build in USD strength. Goldman Sachs's new 3, 6 and 12-month USD/INR forecasts are 61, 62 and 63 respectively from 58.5, 61 and 63 earlier.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Punj Lloyd Jumps to Daily Limit on $581 Million OrderYou are here: Home Market
Punj Lloyd Jumps to Daily Limit on $581 Million Order
Reuters | Updated On: September 08, 2014 10:35 (IST)
European Shares Fall as Fed, Scotland Dominate
Punj Lloyd jumped 9.9 per cent to its maximum daily limit of Rs 40.60 on BSE after the company said it has got a $581 million order.
"Expect order situation to improve majorly by Q4," said J P Chalasani, managing director, in an interview to a TV news channel.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Morgan Stanley Upgrades Marico; Cuts Dabur  Godrej ConsumerYou are here: Home Market
Morgan Stanley Upgrades Marico; Cuts Dabur, Godrej Consumer
Reuters | Updated On: September 08, 2014 10:28 (IST)
Marico gained 1.1 per cent after Morgan Stanley upgraded the stock to "overweight" from "equal-weight"
Morgan Stanley downgraded Dabur India and Godrej Consumer Products to "equal-weight" from "overweight".
"Our stock selection criteria continue to favour earnings momentum and relative value," the investment bank said.
Marico is attractive at 18 per cent below Dabur and in line with its last 4 years' average price-to-earnings valuation, it added.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

La Opala gains over 5% on stock split reportInsurability
(The company has fixed September…)
MUMBAI: Shares of La Opala surged over 5 per cent in trade after the company announced sub-division of shares.
The company has fixed September 25 as Record Date for the purpose of sub- division of shares of face value Rs 10 into the shares of Rs 2 each.
For the quarter ended June 2014, the company reported a net profit of Rs 6.11 crore, up 35 per cent, as against a net profit of Rs 4.50 crore in the corresponding quarter last fiscal.
Revenues in the period increased to Rs 41.91 crore as compared to Rs 32.18 crore in year-ago period.
The stock is trading at P/E of 48.04 times and its EPS (TTM) is Rs 29.79 per share.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 1465, up 5.39 per cent, on the BSE. It touched 52-week high of Rs 1470 and a low of Rs 1412.30 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Larsen Bags Orders Worth Rs. 1 920 Crore in Hydrocarbon BusinessYou are here: Home Corporates
Larsen Bags Orders Worth Rs 1,920 Crore in Hydrocarbon Business
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 08, 2014 12:58 (IST)
Banks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
Mumbai:
Larsen & Toubro (L&T) has bagged contracts worth Rs 1,920 crore in its hydrocarbon business in the offshore and onshore segments.
"L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering, a fully-owned subsidiary of L&T, has secured orders in the offshore and onshore segments worth Rs 1,920 crore from domestic oil and gas majors," a release issued here said.
The company secured an offshore contract worth Rs 1,340 crore from Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC). The scope of the contract includes engineering, procurement, construction and installation of five wellhead platforms at the Mumbai High North field of ONGC.
The project, part of ONGC's strategy to re-develop phase-III of Mumbai High North field to enhance production from existing reservoirs, is scheduled to be completed by March 2016.
In the onshore segment, L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering (LTHE) has secured a contract of Rs 580 crore from a leading company engaged in hydrocarbon downstream processing.
LTHE will carry out EPC work of a dual service cryogenic storage tank facility, suitable for liquid ethane and liquefied natural gas and engineering work for the balance of the facilities to be installed at the client's manufacturing complex, the release added.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 12:57 (IST)

Cease-fire holds in eastern UkraineA Pro-Russian rebel holds a mortar shell as they lead suppressive fire at the positions of Ukrainian army, during shelling in Donetsk, eastern Ukraine. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Kiev | Posted: September 8, 2014 1:48 pm
A cease-fire between pro-Russian rebels and Ukrainian government troops appears to be largely holding in eastern Ukraine, a day after shelling and clashes rattled nerves and imperiled the peace deal.
In a statement published online Monday, the city council of Donetsk said there had been no reported casualties overnight and that public transport would be up and running on Tuesday. No shelling or explosions could be heard overnight in downtown Donetsk.
The Interfax-Ukraine news agency reported Monday that 15 Ukrainian soldiers had been released by rebel forces, another key element of the deal.
The cease-fire, which was imposed late on Friday, was thrown into peril over the weekend when the outskirts of a large coastal city, Mariupol, came under fire and fighting started up near the Donetsk airport.

Why Cement Stocks are Up TodayYou are here: Home Market
Ambuja Cements, ACC, UltraTech Gain on Hopes of Demand Recovery
NDTV | Updated On: September 08, 2014 13:54 (IST)
European Shares Fall as Fed, Scotland Dominate
Cement stocks gained on Monday on hopes of a revival in the construction activities after the gross domestic product (GDP) of India grew at 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter of FY15.
UltraTech Cement gained 2 per cent to Rs 2,724 whereas ACC, Ambuja Cements and Grasim Industries were up between 1.5 -3 per cent each.
The core sector index, which measures output of eight infrastructure industries, rose 2.7 per cent in the month of July, 2014. Although the growth was significantly lower than the growth reported in the month of June, but individual sectors like coal, cement and electricity reported strong growth in the month of July.
Production in the cement sector grew at 16.5 per cent year-on year in the month of July suggesting a revival in construction activities. This growth was fastest in last 32 months.
Asia Pacific focused brokerage CLSA recently said in a note that worst is behind for the cement industry and green shoots of recovery seen in the sector. It expects strong recovery in the sector after 7 years of contraction.
Grasim Industries, ACC, UltraTech Cement and Shree Cements are the top pick of CLSA in the cement sector.
The infrastructures focus of the Narendra Modi government is also likely to bring a quicker demand recovery in the cement sector. The Modi government has promised to build 100 new smart cities.
Most of the big players in the cement industries like UltraTech Cements, Grasim Industries and ACC are running with capacity under-utilisation. If demand picks up in the industries then these big producers are likely to benefit more as it will result in better utilisation and higher earnings per share for these companies.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 13:51 (IST)

Gold Futures Rise 0.27% on Global CuesYou are here: Home Commodities
Gold Futures Rise 0.27% on Global Cues
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 08, 2014 14:07 (IST)
Gold at Three-month Low on Global Cues, Weak Demand
New Delhi:
Gold prices were up by 0.27 per cent to Rs 27,614 per 10 gram in futures trade as speculators enlarged positions amid a firming global trend.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in December moved up by Rs 73, or 0.27 per cent, to Rs 27,614 per 10 gram in a business turnover of 43 lots.
In a similar fashion, the metal for delivery in October gained Rs 59, or 0.22 per cent, to Rs 27,437 per 10 gram in 1,036 lots.
Analysts said the rise in gold prices at futures trade was mostly attributed to a firming trend overseas as speculators enlarged positions.
Meanwhile, gold rose 0.2 per cent to $1,270.78 an ounce in Singapore.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 14:06 (IST)

Want to make quick bucks! Five stocks that could return upto 16% in just 5-8 sessions(Immediate support for the…)
By Mitesh Thacker
After making record highs of 8141, the Nifty consolidated at higher levels last week. The sustained weekly gap-up closing indicates an extension of the current bull run.
Immediate support for the Nifty is placed around 8048 / 8000 levels, which are its swing lows / psychological levels, followed by 7968 (weekly gap). The Nifty holds an important support at 7968 levels.
Till it continues to hold above these levels, the trend is likely to remain sideways to positive, whereas on the upside, buying strength will emerge in the market above 8130 levels on a sustained basis and can see more momentum towards 8200 - 8220 levels.
Caution is advised below 7968 levels. The market will be in a stock and sector-specific mode.
Here is a list of top five stocks to buy which can give a return of up to 16% in the next 5-8 days:
Oil India Ltd: BUY for a target of Rs 700/750
On the monthly price chart, OIL registered swing breakout and closed at multi-year highs. Last week prices closed above the key level of 630. Immediate target for the above-mentioned breakout is placed at 697 / 736 / 790, achievable in the coming few weeks. The momentum indicators are pointing upward.
Coal India Ltd: BUY for a target of Rs 380/394.30
The share price of Coal India was trading in a sideway range of 373 on the upside and 320 on the downside. Prices are finding support from its near-term moving averages and averages are trading in a bullish zone.
Price will gain momentum once it sustains above 374 and the momentum indicators are also rising.
Power Grid Ltd; BUY for a target of Rs 140/145
The share price was trading in an intermediate downtrend. Prices have taken support from the long-term moving average. On the weekly chart the price formed a bullish engulfing candlestick pattern. Traders should note that the bullish engulfing pattern is a trend reversal pattern, indicating resumption of an uptrend. They can buy the stock at current levels and on dips.
ONGC: BUY for a target of Rs 460/470
ONGC had registered Flag breakout on a daily chart, on the back of rising volumes. The Flag breakout suggests continuation of the current up trend. Prices are sustaining well above their near term moving averages, indicating steady up move. Going forward, prices can head towards 468 / 475 levels. The momentum indicators are also pointing upward.
Hexaware Technologies Ltd: BUY for a target of Rs 176/182
The daily price chart was trading sideways for the past couple of weeks. On Friday the prices registered breakout from upward sloping channel. On the daily chart prices were sustaining well above their near-term moving average and the momentum indicators were also rising.
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analyst's own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty hovers around 8 150; oil and gas leadsSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 02:51 PM IST
Nifty hovers around 8,150; oil and gas leads
HDFC Bank, ONGC, Infosys and RIL among the top gainers
Markets edged higher in noon trades with the benchmark indices building on their early gains. The Nifty was hovering around its fresh all-time high of 8,150 and the Sensex was up 209 points at 27,235. Earlier in the day, the 30- share Sensex had surged to a new a record high at 27,262.25.
The gains were on account of broad based buying and crude dropping below $100 a barrel. The sentiment was bettered after Goldman Sachs raised its Nifty target to 9,000 points for September 2015. Its previous target was 8,600 points for June 2015.
Meanwhile, broader markets surged with teh small cap index up 2% and the midcap index advanced over 1%, keeping up its outperforming trend intact.
However, on the sectoral front, profit taking emerged in Consumer Durables and power pockets with the respective indices down 0.5% and 0.1%.
Among the gainers were Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) has gained by nearly 3% after Bank of America Merrill Lynch upgraded the stock to "buy" from "neutral".
Cipla has climbed nearly 1% after the company announced that Medispray Laboratories, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company at its board meeting held on 05 September 2014 approved the acquisition of two manufacturing undertakings worth Rs 100 crore.
Shares of L&T have gained nearly 1% to Rs 1,623 on the BSE after the company said its wholly owned subsidiary L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering (LTHE)  has secured new orders in the offshore and onshore segments worth Rs 1920 crore from domestic oil and gas majors.
Hindalco, HUL, HDFC Bank, Sesa Sterlite, SBI, TCS and Wipro up 1-3% were the other prominent gainers.
The market breadth was positive on BSE. 1,979 stocks advanced while 959 stocks declined.
Global Markets
Asian stocks were trading mixed. Key benchmark indices in Hong Kong and Singapore were off 0.2% to 0.22%. Key benchmark indices in Japan and Indonesia rose 0.15% to 0.69%. Markets in China, South Korea and Taiwan are closed for a holiday.
According to a government report today, 8 September 2014, China's exports rose 9.4% in August from a year earlier, down from a 14.5% rise in July. Imports slid 2.4% in August from a year earlier, after a 1.6% drop in July. China's trade surplus with the rest of the world widened to a record of $49.8 billion in August, from $47.3 billion in July.
Japan's economy shrank an annualised 7.1% in April-June from the previous quarter, revised down from a preliminary 6.8% contraction due to weaker-than-expected capital spending, the Cabinet Office said today, 8 September 2014 in Tokyo.
 Advertisements

JP Associates Recovers 5% After Falling Over 30% in Four DaysYou are here: Home Market
JP Associates Recovers 5% After Falling Over 30% in Four Days
NDTV | Updated On: September 08, 2014 15:02 (IST)
European Shares Fall as Fed, Scotland Dominate
Jaiprakash Associates shares gained nearly 5 per cent on Monday to Rs 35.75 after losing over 30 per cent in previous four trading sessions.
Shares in the infrastructure conglomerate have come under pressure after one of its promoters sold 3.53 crore shares between September 1 to September 3.
Although the management cited reasons like fund requirement and social causes behind the stake sale, it triggered concerns among investors as promoters selling stock at such low valuation indicated severe cash crunch in the company.
JP Associates had a debt of over Rs 60,000 crore as of June 30, 2014. Servicing the debt has become a challenging task for the company. JP Associates has an interest coverage ratio of below 1. This indicates that the company is not able to service its debt with the cash it generates from its business.
The company has been selling its cash-generating core assets to part pay some of its debt which analysts say will have a severe impact on its cash flow.
Jaiprakash Associates shares touched an 52-week high of Rs 89.90 on June 11, 2014 and a 52-week low of Rs 32.30 on last Friday. Technical analysts say post Friday's fall the stock has broken its long-term support, so any near-term surge in the stock should be used to exit the stocks.
The stock has fallen nearly 60 per cent in last three months whereas the benchmark Nifty has gained over 6 per cent in the same period.
Although some analysts have advised to buy the stock for investment purpose from current level investors need to be cautious because the company is unlikely to recover soon from its financial stress. Also there appears to be no short-term trigger on asset-sale front which can reduce its debt to some extent.
As of 2.42 p.m., shares in JP Associates traded 4.73 per cent higher at Rs 35.40 as compared to 0.84 per cent gain in Nifty
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 14:59 (IST)

Sensex closes 293 points up; Nifty above 8 170 | Oil falls below $100Brent crude
(Weak economic growth combined…)
LONDON: Brent crude oil fell below $100 a barrel for the first time in 14 months on Monday as Chinese and US data pointed to slower-than-expected growth in the world's top oil consumers.
Weak economic growth combined with ample supply has pushed oil prices down from a high for the year above $115 hit in June.
Saudi Arabia and other OPEC producers have said they prefer oil above $100. Prices below this level will put pressure on the budgets of many exporters, and could encourage some producers to pump less in an attempt to support the market.
Brent fell to a low of $99.76 a barrel, down $1.06 and its lowest since June 2013, before recovering slightly to trade around $99.95 by 0845 GMT. The benchmark fell $1.01 to settle at $100.82 a barrel on Friday, recording its third weekly drop in four.
US crude slipped 60 cents to $92.69 a barrel after settling at $93.29 on Friday for its sixth weekly drop in seven.
The price fall followed data showing China's import growth fell unexpectedly for the second consecutive month in August, posting its worst performance in over a year as domestic demand faltered.
It was the second straight month of weak import growth, raising concerns that tepid domestic demand exacerbated by a cooling housing market is increasingly weighing on the economy.
"The Chinese data, with imports showing disappointing results, indicates the domestic economy remains quite weak," said Victor Shum, senior partner at oil consultancy Purvin & Gertz.
Brent and US crude futures both fell on Friday after US non-farm payrolls rose by just 142,000 in August, well below a forecast 225,000, casting doubt on the pace of growth in the world's biggest oil-consuming economy.
Oil prices are now too low for many OPEC countries to cover all their spending needs, analysts and economists say.
Although the cost of getting oil out of the ground is low in most countries in the cartel, growing social spending and ambitious infrastructure plans mean many oil producers now earn less from their oil sales than they need to fund their budgets.
But oil producers have limited room for manoeuvre. Some analysts have suggested that Saudi Arabia, the biggest producer in OPEC, may be reluctant to cut output to support pries if it means losing market share.
"The fall in prices is a temporary thing. They are still within the acceptable range," an OPEC delegate from a Gulf country said.
"We are now approaching winter so the prices are expected to rise," said the delegate, who declined to be identified.
Investors kept a close eye on geopolitical concerns in Europe and the Middle East, especially on the impact the tensions could have on European demand.
A ceasefire in Ukraine was largely holding, although there had been sporadic fire overnight.
The European Union is expected to implement a further round of sanctions against Russia over the Ukraine crisis on Monday, which could target oil company Rosneft, units of Gazprom and 24 individuals.
President Barack Obama will brief lawmakers and make a televised address this week to explain how the United States will tackle the threat posed by Islamic State militants who have overrun parts of Iraq and Syria.
Fighting flared between rival groups in Benghazi and near the Libyan capital, Tripoli, on Sunday, killing at least 15 people and leading to fears the OPEC producer will become a failed state.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The hidden structure of the Apple keynoteTim Cook has kept the tradition alive.AP Photo/Jeff Chiu
SHARE
Dan Frommer @fromedome
September 8, 2014
One of Apple’s most successful products—which rarely gets recognized as such—is made not of aluminum and glass, but of words and pictures. The Apple keynote is the tool the company uses a few times a year to unveil its other products to millions of people.
To understand their hidden structure, Quartz reviewed more than a dozen Apple keynotes, logging and analyzing key elements. Here’s what we found.
By the numbers
The Apple Keynotes podcast on the iTunes Store lists 27 events since Steve Jobs unveiled the first iPhone on Jan. 9, 2007. (A few are missing.)
They are an average 88 minutes long, with a similar look and feel—a minimalist slide presentation with live demos from Apple executives and industry leaders, punctuated by videos explaining Apple’s design and manufacturing processes. These videos—a genre in themselves—have been frequently parodied .
Who’s on stage?
When Steve Jobs was running Apple and healthy, he dominated the stage. During Jobs’ finest performance—his 2007 iPhone “Stevenote”—he spent more than 90 minutes on stage, with breaks only to invite partners up for remarks, including then-Google CEO (and then-Apple board member) Eric Schmidt.
Later, Jobs gave other executives more stage time, notably Phil Schiller—Apple’s head of product marketing, who subbed for Jobs during his medical leaves—and Scott Forstall, a long-time Jobs protégé that Apple CEO Tim Cook dismissed in 2012.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Cook has smartly taken a different approach. He instead plays emcee at Apple events, typically kicking things off with a company update, mixing in a few dry gags about Apple’s competitors, then handing off the reins to Schiller for hardware introductions and Craig Federighi, Apple’s head of software engineering, for OS updates.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Cook usually spends less than 20 minutes onstage per event, but he has gone out of his way to remind the Apple community—its fans and customers, as well as its employees—how deeply he understands and cares for the company he has inherited. One of his frequent mantras is “only Apple…” —where he talks briefly about how no other company could create the products Apple just showed off.
Who’s the funniest?
The crowd—ranging in size from hundreds to thousands, depending on the venue—is a critical part of the event, and Apple has gotten great at engaging the audience with drama, visual humor, and inside jokes. These events are designed to inform, but also to entertain. Jobs once went as far as to prank call a local Starbucks—live from the stage—to show off the new iPhone’s local search feature: “I’d like to order 4,000 lattés to go, please!”
During Apple’s most recent presentation, kicking off its Worldwide Developers Conference on June 2, a crowd of over 5,000 made more than 50 outbursts of laughter over the keynote’s 117 minutes, and stopped to applaud almost 100 times. That became a laugh track for more than 20 million people who watched the keynote video—a record, Cook said during the company’s earnings call in July.
Keynote humor these days typically involves poking fun at Microsoft, Google, or other Apple executives. To see who gets the most gags in, we logged the six most recent Apple events, recording who’s on stage for how long and how many times the crowd broke into laughter. While Cook can be unexpectedly funny, Federighi—who spent the most time on stage—drew twice as many laughs.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Federighi, who re-joined Apple in 2009, has recently been an on-stage workhorse star, showing charisma and humor as he demonstrates Apple’s newest OS features. He spent about 75 minutes on stage at this year’s WWDC—Cook called him “Superman” by the end—and will likely play a role in this week’s show. Maybe he knows some watch jokes?
Tap image to zoom
When is the unveil?
Of course, the “news” part of the keynote—the hot new product that millions will buy, and the reason people have flown to be there—often only lasts a few minutes. So to give the crowd its money’s worth, Apple surrounds it with context and suspense. Jobs famously sometimes saved the best for last— “one more thing” —a line that Cook’s Apple has respectfully retired.
What if you just want to know what the new iPhone looks like? On average, it has taken about 45 minutes to get to that part. But more recently, it has been shorter. With plenty to cover tomorrow—supposedly including two new iPhones , a wearable device , and a payments system —there shouldn’t be much filler content.

New Disclosure Norms Expose Insurers Policy-Retention ClaimsNew Disclosure Norms Expose Insurers Policy-Retention Claims
Its wont be long before US debt is out of controlIt won’t be long before US debt is out of control
Written by
Rebecca Strauss Associate director of publications, Council on Foreign Relations
September 8, 2014
It's time to deal with entitlement reform. Reuters/Alessandro Garofalo
SHARE
Rebecca Strauss Associate director of publications, Council on Foreign Relations
September 8, 2014
On matters of fiscal health, the US has not traditionally looked to Europe for guidance. For much of the past three decades, governments in Italy, France, and Germany were much deeper in the hole than the US.
How things have changed. The US racked up debt faster than any other G7 country during the Great Recession, so that its debt burden is now as bad as the average European country. If current projections hold, by 2040 the US will have the worst debt burden of any G7 country save for Japan, reaching levels not seen since World War II.
Share
Tap image to zoom
There are real costs to so much debt. More public dollars are consumed by interest payments instead of paying for defense or other public services. And when the economy begins to recover more strongly, interest rates will rise from their recent historic lows, creating a much heavier burden.
All advanced countries have faced similar challenges in controlling government debt and most have made austerity cuts that have slowed economic growth and employment in the short term. But, surprisingly, Europe—despite facing more difficult decisions than those confronting Washington—has done far more to bring their long-term debt burden under control.
Share
Tap image to zoom
One of the biggest policy shifts in Europe has been the cutbacks to public pensions, which had been soaring with the growing number of retirees. Most of the reforms now link benefits to some automatic cost-control measure. In Germany, for example, benefits will go down as the ratio of taxpayers to pensioners declines. In Italy, the pension age will go up at a rate that is tied to life expectancy gains, while France indexed part of its pension system to price inflation. Altogether, these changes amount to huge spending cuts by 2040 compared to previous law—by roughly 30% in France, by 40% in Germany, and by nearly 50% in Italy.
On health care, the other big cost for most governments, Europe has also done far more to tackle the problem. Remarkably, Germany and Italy, whose populations are among the oldest in the world, are projected to have almost no growth in public health care costs, apart from costs related to unavoidable population aging. The US, in contrast, is projected to have the highest health care cost-growth in the G7—and a disproportionate share of that growth will be the preventable kind, like spiraling prices or patients using services they don’t actually need.
The US has so far been unwilling to make similarly tough decisions, even though these decisions should actually be easier for the US than for Europe. The US population is younger. The average older American is wealthier, retires later, and depends more on private savings and less on public pensions. The US also has more room to raise taxes, with tax revenue consisting a much lower share of GDP than in Europe. And economists expect economic growth to be stronger in the US than in nearly every other G7 country.
But the American public is in no mood for tough budget decisions. Public opinion polls consistently show that while Americans support a balanced budget, they oppose most of the specific measures—such as cuts to social security or Medicare, or tax increases—that could bring the budget into balance. In contrast, there is a broad understanding among the European public that future pension promises had to be scaled back.
The tragedy of the recent era of budgetary wrangling, with debt ceiling brinkmanship and high-flying rhetoric about the federal debt, is that congress and the president managed to accomplish so little but did so much harm. Debt-reduction measures closed deficits in the near term, putting the brakes on the economy, without making a serious dent in the long-term debt problem. And austerity through the across-the-board sequestration cuts was aimed almost exclusively at discretionary spending, which was set to decline anyway and hurt the small parts of the federal budget that promote economic growth like education, infrastructure, and research. Changes to entitlements and taxes—the only way the budget can be balanced in the long term—were all but left out.
A solution may not come any time soon, either. The FY15 budget proposals submitted by the president and House Republicans would both moderate the long-term debt trajectory. And both plans agree on the need for serious Medicare cost control. But neither touches social security, and Obama has even backtracked on a proposed social security reform in his previous budget. The Republican plan, meanwhile, would make far deeper cuts to discretionary spending, some four times what is being slashed under sequestration. Obama’s plan relies on big tax hikes, which House Republicans steadfastly oppose. But regardless of whether Washington elites can agree on a reform plan, the biggest challenge of all will be to get the American public on board. Americans will first need to embrace a more European steeliness to stomach any serious reforms.
This article draws on research from a new report from the Council on Foreign Relations, “ Balance Owed: Federal Debt and Deficits ,” part of a series on restoring American economic competitiveness.We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com .
Share this:

Buy Crompton Greaves; target of Rs 271: Motilal OswalLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Crompton Greaves; target of Rs 271: Motilal Oswal
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Crompton Greaves and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 271 in its September 3, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
 
Motilal Oswal`s research report on Crompton Greaves
“CRG has proposed the demerger of the consumer business into a separate listed company. The Committee of Directors was to examine all relevant aspects and make suitable recommendations to the Board; and we expect the process to be completed shortly. We believe that the transaction will unlock significant value, and also opens up strategic possibilities to accelerate growth. Over the last 3 years, CRG has consistently reported above industry average growth rates in each of the key product segments. For instance, in Fans, CRG’s market share increased substantially from lows of 21% in FY11 to 26.6% in FY14 given the improved reach, launch of premium products, etc. We calculate CRG’s consumer business to have reported EPS of INR3.9 in FY14 and estimate at INR4.5 in FY15; at benchmark PER of 25-30x FY15E (HAVL quotes at 31x FY15E), the possible value of the consumer business could be ~INR110-135/sh. The management recently stated that the medium term EBIT margin target for the consumer business is 15% (vs 11.9% in FY14)."
"CRG has been positioning to leverage the Indian manufacturing through increased exports, particularly in Power products (transformers from Kanjurmarg, GIS / RMUs / Circuit Breakers from Nashik, Automation products from Bangalore) and HT Motors / Drives (factories commissioned in July 2013). During FY14, while the exports (including deemed exports) increased 12% YoY, FOB exports were up sharply at 19% YoY. Several of the new product launches in industrial and switchgears require pre-qualifications, leading to a time-lag and thus, we expect a meaningful ramp up in exports in FY15/FY16."
"CRG's journey to emerge as a 'global corporation' from India continues to face multiple 'growth pangs'. Phase 1 of the restructuring program, encompassing the European operations had been largely completed; and the business reported EBIDTA breakeven in FY14. There had been initial successes in strategic areas like geography expansion, moving up the value chain, widening the production footprint, etc. Thus, FY15/FY16 should witness the gains of the fructification of these efforts over the last two years. Demerger of the consumer business will unlock shareholder value. Maintain Buy, with a revised Price target of INR271/sh (standalone business at 22x FY16E, overseas at 0.5x EV/Sales),” says Motilal Oswal research report.
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Buy Sun Pharma; target of Rs 980: Motilal OswalLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Sun Pharma; target of Rs 980: Motilal Oswal
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Sun Pharmaceutical and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 980 in its September 3, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
 
Motilal Oswal`s research report on Sun Pharmaceutical
“SUNP’s FY14 annual report provides good visibility on the key pillars of growth which include enhancing its pipeline of complex/specialty products for the US and successfully turning around Ranbaxy’s operations. Future focus will be on building a differentiated product basket, foraying into products that yield stable and consistent cash flows. At the same time, the company continues to be on the lookout for value enhancing inorganic opportunities in the US."
"The India subsidiary created last year (Sun Pharma Global) has shown a PBT of INR3.4b versus a negative PBT of INR1.3b in FY13. URL Pharma did sales of INR 17.6b with PAT of INR 6b (margins of ~30). A significant part of URL Pharma performance in FY14 was driven by favourable pricing for key products and re-launch of some of the discontinued products from URL’s portfolio. Recently, prices of some of these products have normalised significantly and hence a part of URL Pharma’s performance may not be sustainable in our view. Dusa Pharma reported sales of INR 4.3b versus INR975m in FY13 (consolidated for three months) while it turned profitable in FY14 (INR237m vs loss of INR47m in FY13). This was driven by greater penetration with dermatologists and gradual price increases. SUNP is carrying hedges of USD240m with MTM loss of INR2b classified as long-term provision. This implies hedges are for a period of over one year, largely hedged in the range of 50-52. Contingent liabilities related to income tax on account of disallowance/ addition has increased from INR7.6b in FY13 to INR12.1b in FY14."
"We remain confident of SUNP’s business mix and execution skills in its key markets. We however see a slow FY15 for SUNP’s base business which we believe is expected to bounce back to mid teens growth in FY16. But, prospects of consolidating Ranbaxy’s business and potential turn-around continue to remain appealing. We maintain Buy with a revised target SoTP price target of INR980 which includes upsides from Ranbaxy’s business. However, stock may trade in a narrow range till the RBXY deal concludes and any decline presents a buying opportunity,” says Motilal Oswal research report.
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

SBI seeks RBIs nod to launch contact-less debit cardsSBI seeks RBI’s nod to launch contact-less debit cards
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 8:  
The country’s largest lender State Bank of India today said it is planning to launch contact-less debit cards which would enable customers to carry out some transactions without entering the pin number.
The bank has sought Reserve Bank’s permission for this.
“Right now, for any card which has to be used, a customer has to put in the pin number. Some exception has to be made as for lower amount deals like buying a Metro or bus ticket, where he can simply show the card and get in.
“So, we have requested the RBI to come up with a limit below which the pin will be waived. We have suggested that we can have up to Rs 2,000 as the limit,” SBI Deputy MD (corporate strategy and new businesses) S K Mishra told reporters here while launching a multi-currency foreign travel card.
Once the regulation comes in, all its future debit cards would be near-field communication (NFC or contact-less) enabled, he added.
The bank is currently doing a test-run of such contact- less cards at the Chennai and Mumbai metro stations.
SBI and MasterCard today launched a multi-currency foreign travel card which would be available in dollar, pound, euro and the Singaporean dollar.
A customer will have to pay one-time fee of Rs 100 to get the card and the minimum amount that can be loaded is $200.
“The country you are in would be the base currency for the first transaction, but if there is no balance in that account then it can switch over to the other buckets which hold the available balance,” Mishra said.
SBI has currently authorised 100 branches across Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai and Bangalore to sell the card. Mishra said the bank would later add other currencies such as Canadian dollar, Australian dollar, Japanese Yen and Saudi Riyal to this multi-currency card. The bank also proposes to make these cards contact-less in a month or so.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Blatter to run for fifth term at FifaSeptember 8, 2014 11:58 am
Sepp Blatter declares candidacy for Fifa presidency
By Roger Blitz, Leisure Industries Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/968fb5e0-3744-11e4-b45c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Panel to submit report on new gas pricing by...You are here: Home > Collections
Secretaries panel to submit report on new gas pricing formula by Wednesday
PTI Sep 8, 2014, 06.02PM IST
Tags:
Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs
(As per Oil Min, cost of gas…)
NEW DELHI: A four-member panel of secretaries will submit its report on a new gas pricing mechanism by Wednesday, Oil Secretary Saurabh Chandra said today.
The government had last month constituted a committee comprising of secretaries of power, fertilizer and expenditure with additional secretary in the oil ministry as its member secretary, to hold extensive consultations with stakeholders, primarily gas consumers and producers.
"We hope to get it (committee report) by the 10th (of September)," Chandra told reporters on sidelines of the PetroFed Awards function here.
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs had on June 25 deferred by three months the implementation of a formula approved by the previous UPA government which would have doubled gas price to $8.4 per million British thermal unit.
The Rangarajan formula, approved by the UPA government, was to be implemented from April 1 but was deferred by three months as general elections were announced. The NDA government on June 25 postponed its implementation by a further three months pending a comprehensive review.
"The (Oil) Minister ( Dharmendra Pradhan ) has already made a statement on the floor of the Parliament that a new pricing formula will be announced by September 30 and we will stick to that," Chandra said.
Pradhan had told the Parliament last month that the NDA government decided to review the pricing formula keeping in mind public interest and recommendations of the Parliamentary Standing Committee .
Parliamentary Standing Committees on Finance as well as Petroleum had called for a review of the formula suggested by the Dr C Rangarajan headed panel, saying gas price should have some linkage with the cost of production.
According to the Oil Ministry, the cost of gas production varies between $1.86 per mmBtu to $4.31 per mmBtu but a cost-plus price would be perceived negatively by the market.
Doubling of gas rates would have led to increase in cost of urea, power and CNG.
Every dollar increase in gas price will lead to a Rs 1,370 per tonne rise in urea production cost and a 45 paise per unit increase in electricity tariff (for just the 7 per cent of the nation's power generation capacity based on gas).
Also, there would be a minimum Rs 2.81 per kg increase in CNG price and a Rs 1.89 per standard cubic metre hike in piped cooking gas.
The increase in gas price would bring windfall for the government - about $2.08 billion (Rs 12,900 crore) from additional profit petroleum, royalty and taxes accruing from doubling of gas rates, the ministry estimates.
In their submission to the secretaries panel, energy producers have demanded a natural gas pricing policy that is "legitimate, relevant and credible" to maintain investor interest in Indian E&P sector.
State-owned ONGC in its submissions stated that it needs $6-7.15 to break-even on gas it plans to produce from its most prolific KG basin block and a price of between $5.25 to $17.80 per mmBtu to break-even on production planned from seven small and marginal fields in the western offshore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Here s What to Expect From Apple AnnouncementApple to Tighten Security After Recent Hack
Expectations for the announcement are high. Apple has sold nearly 500 million iPhones so far and its stock price has doubled in the past year. “I am looking forward to seeing the iHealth features, the NFC hardware and software to facilitate mobile payments and much more,” tech industry analyst Jeff Kagan says. “I would like to see some new features and improvements to the basic iPhone design. Improvements like waterproof and shock-proof.”
Apple still faces questions about the security of the iCloud, especially after the furor over the hacking of celebrity photos. CEO Tim Cook may have more to say about security upgrades as consumer concerns grow about privacy, the safety of personal financial information and the potential for identity theft.
Technology breakthroughs are playing a much bigger role in new cars. General Motors says in two years it will offer autos that talk to each other and can almost drive themselves at freeway speeds. CEO Mary Barra’s announcement of “intelligent and connected” technology made a splash at an auto conference in Detroit. She says the system would allow you to drive long distances with the car doing much of the work.
The 2017 Cadillac will come with Super Cruise technology that controls steering, braking and acceleration at highway speeds and also works in congested traffic. The system will keep a car in its lane and will slow it down if the car ahead reduces speed and you aren’t paying attention. “Barra also said GM in two years will become the first automaker to equip a model with so-called vehicle-to-vehicle technology that enables the car to communicate with other autos with similar abilities to warn of traffic hazards and improve road safety,” Bloomberg News reports.
Electrolux is buying General Electric’s appliances business for $3.3 billion, boosting its presence in North America. The Swedish company says the buyout needs regulatory approval and is expected to be completed next year. The purchase “takes our company to a new level in terms of global reach and market coverage,” Electrolux CEO Keith McLoughlin says.
Netflix may be beefing up its short game. The streaming video service is testing out a new section of its mobile app called “Have Five Minutes?” It will feature two- to five-minute long clips of content aimed at the on-the-go audience that doesn’t have time to watch a whole movie on their phone. Experts say initial tests have shown positive results and they could roll out the app to all users in the coming month.
Richard Davies Business Correspondent ABC News Radio abcnews.com Twitter: daviesnow

Singapore offers help to AP in developing new capital  other infrastructureSingapore offers help to AP in developing new capital, other infrastructure
V. Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept. 8:  
Singapore has come forward to work with the Government of Andhra Pradesh in development of infrastructure and the move to set up a new capital and other smart cities.
A delegation led by former Prime Minister of Singapore Goh Chok Tong met with Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu on Monday and offered support in developing the new capital and setting up of new infrastructure projects.
During the interaction, the State Chief Minister was assured support from the Government of Singapore and suggested ways to raise funds, according to a statement from the Chief Minister’s Office.
The Chief Minister outlined the State Government plans to the delegation in transforming Andhra Pradesh into a logistics and manufacturing hub. The delegation was briefed about AP’s plan for ports, airports, highways, industrial nodes in Vizag-Chennai and the Chennai-Bengaluru Industrial Corridors.
Opportunities for investment in the petrochemical corridor and move to develop smart cities and the State’s efforts to promote tourism in a big way were highlighted.
The delegation offered to share their experience in the design of the new capital city and ensured that it would encourage Singapore-based companies to participate in various port, airport, industrial and tourism projects.
The Singapore delegation suggested to the Chief Minister that funds could be tapped from the proposed Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) to be set up with China, Singapore and several other countries including India, as founder members.
The delegation extended an invitation to AP Chief Minister to visit Singapore.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Apex court grants 15 days more time to Subrata Roy to sell hotelsApex court grants 15 days more time to Subrata Roy to sell hotels
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 8:  
The Supreme Court today granted 15 more working days time to jailed Sahara Chief Subrata Roy to seal the deal to sell his three luxury hotels in New York and London to raise money to be deposited with SEBI to get bail.
Appearing before a bench headed by Justice T S Thakur, Roy’s counsel submitted that its almost finalised deal to sell the properties to foreign buyers has hit a roadblock and is on the verge of collapse and sought more time to save the deal and to hold negotiations with 3—4 other overseas buyers who are interested in hotels.
The bench, after going through the documents including the in principle master agreement with the potential buyer, observed that attempts have been made to finalise the deal and granted more time to hold consultations.
“We are of the view that the prayer for grant of 15—days time to finalise the sale of assets deserves to be granted,” the bench said in its order.
Senior advocate S Ganesh, appearing for Roy, submitted that it may not feasible for the group to dispose of its Indian properties as the real estate prices have crashed down since June this year.
Moreover, the court’s direction that they cannot be sold below market rate also comes in the way of their sale, he said.
He submitted that there have been huge protests outside the hotels after an International newspaper published a story that Sultan of Brunei is buying them.
A very serious problem has cropped up in the last few days after a newspaper report said Sultan of Brunei is buying the properties. It is a monumental setback and subsequent inalienable situation has hit us hard and the buyer developed cold feet, he said.
He said there have been very violent protests outside the hotels and the buyers are “reconsidering the deal which is now on the verge of being scrapped.
During the hearing, Solicitor General Ranjit Kumar told the bench that though he was not imputing any motive of any wrong doing, the so-called deals are being conducted in a closed room to which no information is known.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

25% of Smartphone Sales Seen Online: MicromaxYou are here: Home Corporates
Micromax Sees 25% of Smartphone Sales Happening Online in 2 Years
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 08, 2014 18:34 (IST)
Banks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
New Delhi: With growing consumer preference to shop online, domestic handset maker Micromax expects 25 per cent of its smartphones sales to come from e-commerce platforms over the next two years.
The company, which has partnered e-commerce major Snapdeal for launching its latest handset - Canvas Nitro, currently gets about 10 per cent of its sales from online purchases.
"Online is small but is definitely growing. About 10 per cent of our sales are coming from that. Over the next two years, 25 per cent of at least the smartphone sales would come from online," Micromax chief executive Vineet Taneja said.
He further said the company would continue with its mix of online and offline sales.
The company on Monday launched a new 'octa-core' processor powered smartphone, priced at Rs 12,990.
Canvas Nitro, to be available exclusively on Snapdeal, is powered by a 1.7 GHz Tru Octa Core processor and Android KitKat operating system.
The handset features 5-inch HD IPS display, leather finish back, 2GB RAM, 13MP rear and 5MP front camera, 8GB memory (expandable up to 32GB) and 2500 mAh.
"We are excited to be partnering with Micromax to launch their latest product - the Canvas Nitro. The new product has most superior technology and we are sure that this will be well-received by our 25 million members," Snapdeal senior vice president (electronics and home) Tony Navin said.
At Snapdeal, mobile and tablets are one of the fastest growing categories and this partnership is a strategic decision to add to the online marketplace's offerings, he added.
Micromax, which is the country's second largest handset maker, also plans to bring in two more smartphones apart from feature phones ahead of the festive season.
"Apart from the Android One phone, we will have one more smartphone and some feature phones, as there is still a market for them. By early next year, we should have a 4G handset as well."
Currently, 60 per cent of Micromax's sales volumes come from feature phones, while the remaining is smartphones.
As a large chunk of Indian users are migrating to affordable smarter devices from feature phones, Indian smartphone market grew 84 per cent year-on-year to 18.42 million units from 10.02 million units (in April-June 2013 quarter), according to research firm IDC.
Korean handset maker Samsung still continues to lead the smartphone market with a 29 per cent share, followed by Micromax (18 per cent), Karbonn (8 per cent) and Lava (6 per cent).
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 18:05 (IST)

Rupee to Hold at 58-62: BofA-MLDollar Sweeps to 14-month High, Kicks Oil Below $100
New Delhi:
The appreciation in the US dollar notwithstanding, the rupee is expected to trade in the 58-62 range supported by softening of global oil prices and curbs on gold imports, says a Bank of America Merrill Lynch report.
The rupee today closed at over 1-month high of 60.29/dollar, its highest level since July 30, when it ended at 60.06.
The global brokerage firm further said that the Reserve Bank of India would need to raise $40 billion by March 2016, just to maintain import cover at the present eight months.
It said the factors that are supporting the Indian rupee include softening of oil prices, the continuation of gold import curbs and rising FII equity inflows.
"We expect the RBI to hold Rs 58-62/USD for now even though the US Dollar has strengthened below 1.30/Euro," BofA-ML said in a research note, adding that rising FII equity inflows at $9.6 billion so far this fiscal has also led to a helping hand to the rupee.
"We continue to expect RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan to buy FX at Rs 58+/USD to guard against contagion," the report noted.
Dr Rajan has also said that RBI is preparing for any rate hikes by the US Federal Reserve by building an adequate level of foreign exchange.
"Any emerging market today is going to look at the currency volatility and say 'whatever money comes in, I'm going to be careful about it, I'm going to build some reserves..," he had said in Chicago last week.
According to the BofA-ML report, restrictions on gold imports is expected to contain the current account deficit at 1.7 per cent of GDP in FY15.
The rupee would price in the eventual liberalisation of gold imports and this in turn would push up the current account deficit to 2.4 per cent of GDP in FY16, especially if pent up demand leads to a jump in gold imports, it added.
According to BofA-ML gold price is expected to be at $1375/oz in 2015.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 17:21 (IST)

RBI s 6% Inflation Target Seems Achievable: UBS SecuritiesYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
RBI's 6% Inflation Target Seems Achievable: UBS Securities
Published On:                  September  8, 2014                 | Duration: 19 min, 36 sec
Tweet
Gautam Chhaochharia, head of India research at UBS Securities, expects inflation to ease to 6 per cent by January 2016. Some policy-induced measures that contributed to food inflation like double-digit support price hike and rising rural wages are showing signs of unwinding, he added.

Hertz Chairman and CEO Frissora Steps DownAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

UK Assets Key Focus in Markets Amid Scotland FearsYour age at the time of marriage:
Current combined number of years of post-high school education:
Number of children from this marriage:
How religious are you as a couple from 1 to 10 (with 10 being the Pope):
Combined number of divorces between both of your parents:
Combined number of marriages between you and spouse:
Number of years you want to know if you'll still be married (Will I be married 10 years from now, 20 years from now, etc.)
Related Topics: Good Morning America , Education
Join the Discussion
You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer. Please click here to upgrade your browser in order to comment.

The most popular iPhone is still the 5  two years after its releaseMobile Web
September 8, 2014
Every Apple event needs a central rumor to build some buzz. This time last year, the speculation was about a “cheap” iPhone , which was meant to take on the Android-powered smartphones of the world. Ultimately a cheap phone did not materialize, though the iPhone 5c was at least cheaper than its fingerprint-reading counterpart, the iPhone 5s.
But how much impact did the new device really have? Not a lot, according to new figures from Localytics, an analytics firm. The company looked at a sample of 100 million iPhones and iPads in use in August and found that the two-year-old iPhone 5, which was only on the market for a year before Apple yanked it, remains the single most popular Apple smartphone in use. The 5 is still marginally more popular than the 5s, which is used by one in four iPhone owners, and fewer than one in ten iPhone users tote a colorful, plasticky 5c.
Share
Tap image to zoom
There are two things to take away from this observation. First, many iPhone 5 owners will be coming to the end of their two-year carrier contracts. As the single largest group, that suggests bouncy sales for Apple’s new device, whatever it is. Unsurprisingly, a comScore survey found that users of the iPhone 5 and other, older models were the most keen on upgrading .
Second, the numbers could arguably give some pause to rumors that Apple will announce two new iPhone models this year. A larger, 4.7-inch screen is almost a given, considering the bevy of leaks that have led up to tomorrow’s announcement. Much less has been seen or heard about the supposed 5.5-inch model. With iPhone 5c making up just 8% of Apple’s users, there is good reason to conclude that Apple fans may not have the appetite for two new models in one year.
Share this:

BSE: Top gainers and losersBSE: Top gainers and losers
Cipla enters Czech Republic & Slovakia  ties up with S&D PharmaBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 12:42 AM IST
Cipla ties up with S&D Pharma to enter Czech Republic & Slovakia
Cipla to drive its respiratory products through its own sales team, managed by Cipla commercial head
Mumbai-based Cipla Global, the multinational pharmaceutical and biotechnology company, has entered into a commercial collaboration with S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
Cipla, which is led by Y K Hamied (pictured) will drive its respiratory products portfolio in both European countries through a company sales team.
S&D Pharma, which represents other global drug companies in the two countries, will physically distribute all products, including those to treat respiratory ailments. The portfolio will increase over the next few years.  
In the near future, once regulatory and reimbursement approvals are in place, a Salmeterol-Fluticasone fixed combination will be launched in both markets under the Fullhale name.
Apart from Croatia, where the combination is already available under the name of Duohal, Cipla recently launched the product in Germany and Sweden. On Monday, Cipla shares closed at Rs 563.4, up by 1.1 per cent on the BSE.  Last week, Cipla had announced  it’s wholly owned subsidiary, Medispray Laboratories, would acquire two manufacturing undertakings worth Rs 100 crore.     
The first facility, at Goa, is owned by Okasa Pvt Ltd and the second, at Satara (Maharashtra), by Okasa Pharma.
 Advertisements

Cipla collaborates with S&D Pharma to enter Czech Republic and SlovakiaUpdated: September 8, 2014 19:24 IST
Cipla ties up with S&D Pharma to enter Czech Republic, Slovakia
Special Correspondent
joint venture
Indian pharmaceutical major Cipla on Monday announced a commercial collaboration with UK-based S&D Pharma to distribute its products in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
S&D Pharma represents global pharmaceutical companies and manages the promotion and distribution of their products in Central Europe.
A statement from Cipla said that under the collaboration, it will sell its respiratory product portfolio in both Czech Republic and Slovakia through a Cipla-owned sales force managed by its commercial head while S&D Pharma will physically distribute all products, including respiratory products.
``This portfolio is expected to increase in the next few years,’’ Cipla said.
Cipla is one of the global leaders in respiratory medicines with its range of drugs and devices sold in over 100 countries. In the near future, once the necessary regulatory and reimbursement approvals are in place, the Salmeterol-Fluticasone fixed combination will be launched in the Czech Republic and Slovakia under the name `Fullhale’.
The Cipla statement said Fullhale will be made available in two strengths – 120 doess of 25/125 mcg salmeterol/fluticasone and 120 doses of 25/250 mcg salmeterol/fluticasone.
Apart from Croatia, where the combination is already available under the name Duohal, Cipla recently launched the product in Germany where it is distributed under the name `Serroflo’ and in Sweden where the combination was launched as ` Salmeterol-Fluticasone Cipla’.
On the Bombay Stock Exchange on Monday, Cipla gained 1.09 per cent to close trade at Rs 563.4.

Berkeley parts ways with finance directorSeptember 8, 2014 2:06 pm
Berkeley parts ways with finance director
By Andy Sharman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c21663e2-3746-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fitness First steps up pace of revampSeptember 8, 2014 1:11 pm
Fitness First steps up pace of gym chain makeovers
By Roger Blitz, Leisure Industries Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bdc14b00-3740-11e4-b45c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A Billion Videos a Day Viewed on FacebookYou are here: Home Corporates
Driven by Mobile, Over 1 Billion Videos Viewed Everyday on Facebook
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 08, 2014 14:22 (IST)
Banks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
New Delhi:
Social networking giant Facebook today said more than one billion videos are viewed everyday on its platform, with over 65 per cent of it being consumed on mobile phones.
Facebook, which has more than 1.32 billion monthly active users (MAUs) globally, has over 1.07 billion mobile MAUs.
"Since June there has been an average of more than one billion video views on Facebook every day. Overall growth in video views exceeded 50 per cent from May through July of this year," Facebook said in a blog.
Now, more than 65 per cent of video views are on mobile, it added.
"Video is one of the most engaging and immersive ways to tell your story... Video uploaded directly to Facebook is an increasingly important part of News Feed, and more people than ever before are sharing, discovering, and engaging with videos that they care about," Facebook project management director (Video) Fidji Simo said.
The US-based firm is now rolling out an update this week that will allow people to see how many views a video has received on Facebook.
"Views will be shown on public videos from people and pages, to help people discover new, popular videos," Simo added.
Facebook is currently testing a new feature on mobile that aims to help people discover new videos and after someone finishes watching a video, Facebook may show additional related videos that they might find interesting.
"We are committed to making Facebook the best place to share, discover and watch videos, and we'll keep listening to feedback to improve video on Facebook," Simo added.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 14:20 (IST)

Airtel to Sell 3 500 African TowersYou are here: Home Corporates
Bharti Airtel to Sell Over 3,500 African Mobile Phone Masts to Eaton Towers
Reuters | Updated On: September 08, 2014 11:32 (IST)
Banks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
Mumbai:
Bharti Airtel Ltd has agreed to sell more than 3,500 of its mobile phone masts in six African countries to telecommunications tower company Eaton Towers in a bid to cut costs, the companies said on Monday.
Bharti Airtel will lease back the towers from Eaton under a 10-year contract, the companies said in a statement. They did not disclose financial details of the deal.
In July, Bharti Airtel agreed to sell about 3,100 masts in four African countries to Helios Towers Africa. The sales are part of the Indian group's plan to divest most of its more than 15,000 towers in Africa in a process that sources have said could raise up to $2 billion.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Elizabeth Ferris and Abbie TaylorFour incumbents lost primaries this year. Absolutely nothing ties them together.
Sep 10, 2014
Just 25 percent of people think a GOP-controlled Senate would be a “bad thing.“
Sep 10, 2014
The executive directors of the DSCC and NRSC weigh in.
Sep 9, 2014
The Fix's Aaron Blake discusses the latest in politics and campaigns live with readers.
Sep 9, 2014
The NRSC is using Rubio’s bipartisan bill against the Democrat in Georgia.
Sep 9, 2014
Opposition to Obama isn’t predictive of a GOP vote -- at least, not as much as it used to be.
Sep 9, 2014
Even one-quarter of Democrats say he’s a failed president.
Sep 9, 2014
Might want to pick a different anecdote next time.
Sep 8, 2014
If the GOP is a blue-chip business, Democrats are waiting for the next big IPO payday.
Sep 8, 2014

Wall St edges lower after fifth straight weekly gainGoldman Sachs recommends Kroger calls ahead of earnings
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kroger Co has been a strong performer in 2014, rising almost 31 percent year-to-date, but Goldman Sachs thinks investors are underestimating the grocery-store chain and recommends buying calls in the company ahead of its results.
Goldman analyst Stephen Grambling expects the company to raise its full-year profit outlook when it reports results on Sept. 11. His forecast for Kroger's earnings in the current quarter are also ahead of consensus expectations.

Viability gap funding proposed for 30K km gas pipeline targetViability gap funding proposed for 30K km gas pipeline target
UP power woes: Samajwadi Party accuses centre of vendettaUP power woes: Samajwadi Party accuses centre of vendetta
Panama Petrochem fixes record date for stock splitPanama Petrochem fixes record date for stock split
Now a strong government will be talking to Obama: SushmaNow a strong government will be talking to Obama: Sushma
Monsoon woes led to cement prices plunge in August: Motilal OswalMonsoon woes led to cement prices plunge in August: Motilal Oswal
AAP video alleges BJP offering bribes -- to rule Delhi (Roundup)AAP video alleges BJP offering bribes -- to rule Delhi (Roundup)
Govt to come out with IPR policy: SitharamanPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 06:10 PM IST
Govt to come out with IPR policy: Sitharaman
Says Commerce Ministry will soon have a think-tank that will enable it to handle the IPR issues more firmly
Amidst developed nations like the US raising issues over India's intellectual property rights regime, the government today said it will come out with a policy framework within a few months to make IPR more robust.
Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said her ministry will soon have a think-tank that will enable it to handle the IPR issues more firmly.
"India does not have an IPR policy. This is the first time we are coming out with an IPR policy. IPR policy issues have been hanging for quite a long time," Sitharaman told reporters here.
She said the policy will help in dealing with issues being raised by developed nations and protect interest of India on IPR related matters.
"It will give direction in terms of protecting IPR of India on which several issues are there. With the US we have (certain) issues... India has become a brand in terms of pharma... We are very strong in IPR and we certainly want to protect our interest," she added.
Developed nations are picking holes in India's IPR laws because it does not have any policy, Sitharaman said.
When asked about the timeline for the new policy, she said it may take about six months.
The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion will put the draft policy on the website for public comments before finalising the policy.
"India has a well established legal framework for IPR but its important to spell out policy. In the next 2-3 months, we will discuss and debate in country," DIPP Secretary Amitabh Kant said.
On the proposed think-tank on IPR, Sitharaman said: "We are going to have the benefit of experts, who will constantly keep us informed about developments on international IPR issues, flag off concerns..."
During the recent times, the Obama administration has been strongly criticising India's investment climate and IPR laws, especially in the pharmaceuticals and the solar sectors.
India has maintained that its IPR regime is fully compliant with WTO laws and it will not take part in any unilateral investigations by the US on the matter.
 Advertisements

One Man s Viral Comcast Horror Story Reveals A Sad Truthreddit
A brush with Internet fame helped one Comcast customer in Pennsylvania finally get the giant company's attention after months of trying.
Dann Furia, a 35-year-old full-time tutor from Havertown, Pennsylvania, said he spent nearly nine months documenting his unsuccessful attempts to fix, and then cancel his Comcast service . It was only when Furia decided to go public with the whole experience, writing about it in a Reddit post that went viral in mid-August, that he received any attention from the company. By then he was facing $1,320 in fees.
Dann Furia was hit with $1,320 in fees from Comcast.
Furia is one of the thousands of people who have complained about poor customer service at the hands of cable companies . Comcast and Time Warner frequently top lists of the companies with the worst customer service . A study by management consultancy company CG42 found that Comcast was in fact the most frustrating among cable companies , a category that already had some of the highest customer dissatisfaction.
Furia said he originally tried to cancel his Comcast service in July, and was hit by a $960 termination fee. Later, a $360 unreturned equipment fee was added to his bill -- though Furia said he had already given his equipment back.
“I essentially agreed to pay $1,000 just to not have Comcast,” Furia told The Huffington Post over the phone. “How insane is that?”
Furia's August statement, showing the unreturned equipment fee.
According to Furia, it wasn't until his story began going viral -- garnering over 5,000 comments from users, some with similar experiences -- that Comcast contacted him . Furia said he received five calls from Comcast’s corporate office within 18 hours after his post took off, offering to credit his account.
Comcast, for its part, told HuffPost that it credited Furia for the unreturned equipment fee on Aug. 2, which would have been before Furia posted his Reddit note. Jenni Moyer, a Comcast spokeswoman, said the company regrets the error.
"We're very sorry that this issue took so long to resolve for Mr. Furia. There was a problem processing the returned equipment which led to the mix up," Moyer said.
Comcast and Furia still aren't on the same page, though. While the cable provider said it has credited the unreturned equipment and termination fees, Furia said he's not completely clear on whether he owes the $1,320. Since he's no longer a customer, he can't log into his online account to confirm, he said. And the whole experience has left him so exhausted that he's not ready to try to get back on the phone with the company. Furia is due to receive his last statement from the company around Sept. 6, according to Comcast.
“What about the other tens of thousand of people who have no recourse to fight [these] fees? Or worse end up in collections?" Furia said. "It’s hard not to feel angry for those people.”
They might do better to do exactly what Furia did. It may be a "sad statement ... for the state of customer experience" in the cable sector, but documenting interactions with companies is one way that customers can hope to get better service, Stephen Beck, the founder and managing partner of CG42 , told The Huffington Post.
A merger between Time Warner Cable and Comcast may only make things worse because it could decrease competition, Beck said. The deal is currently in a 180-day Federal Communications Commission review period .
But there is hope: Beck said that in almost all business sectors where customer frustration is high, a new company emerges to address those concerns. In Comcast's case, that means a new upstart could eventually challenge the infamous cable giant.
More:

The Top 3 Percent Of Americans Now Hold 54 Percent Of Country s WealthGap Between Richest And The Rest Widened After The Recession: Fed
Reuters
reddit
Sept 4 (Reuters) - The gap between the richest Americans and  the rest of the nation widened after the Great Recession, a  survey by the Federal Reserve showed on Thursday, suggesting  deepening U.S. income inequality.
Though incomes of the highest-earners rose, none of the  groups analyzed by the Fed had regained their 2007 income levels  by 2013, underscoring deep scars from the financial crisis and  its aftermath.
The data comes from a massive survey of consumer finances  conducted by the Fed Board of Governors every three years. Many  other studies have also shown the lasting effects of the  recession and documented rising income disparity in the United  States.
The Fed survey released suggests that wealth and income is  concentrated not just within the top 1 percent, as some analyzes  have suggested, but actually among a slighly broader slice of  the ultra-rich: the top 3 percent.
From 2010 to 2013, average income for U.S. families rose  about 4 percent after accounting for inflation, the survey  showed. All of the income growth was concentrated among the top  earners, the survey showed, with the top 3 percent accounting  for 30.5 percent of all income.
The disparity was even greater by wealth, with the top  3-percent holding 54.4 percent of all net worth in 2013, up from  51.8 percent in 2007 and 44.8 percent in 1989.
Fed Chair Janet Yellen has called income inequality a  disturbing trend, attributing some of it to the weak jobs market  but also to underlying trends like technology and globalization.
Overall for U.S. families, wealth stabilized from 2010 to  2013, after falling sharply during the prior three years. Fed  economists attributed that pattern to the declines in home and  business ownership during the recession, which stripped many  families of their biggest sources of wealth.
Families with income in the bottom half of those surveyed  reduced their participation in retirement plans, continuing a  trend seen from 2007 to 2010, but middle-income families  increased their participation somewhat, the survey found. Still,  overall participation rates were down from levels seen in 2007.
Although wealth did not change much overall, many measures  of debt decreased, the survey found, driven largely by declines  in home ownership. On average, debt fell 13 percent.
(Reporting by Ann Saphir; Editing by Tom Brown)
More:

CNBC-TV18 Market ReportThe Indian market has been moving higher on positive domestic developments; other emerging markets have done well because of strong global inflows, but given the global cues one could see a tactical correction in emerging markets, Jyotivardhan Jaipur...
Source : CNBC-TV18
Share this video with Friends
Most Watched Videos

The Big Binge Theory"If everyone is on a diet, why are we lining up to eat a dozen biscuits at 3 a.m.?"
so busy, how can we watch two seasons of Orange Is the New Black in one weekend?"
Those are the questions I couldn't help asking, and the answers led to my marketing consultancy, Faith Popcorn's BrainReserve, tracking the BingeCulture Trend.
From food and alcohol to dating and entertainment, our consumption habits are morphing in shocking ways. The operating principle is a gleeful "gimme more!"
We call it BingeCulture, and here's how we define it: In a world where too much is never enough, we seek products and experiences that satisfy our craving to overindulge. Let's take a closer look.
Bring It On
We're binge-eating: Restaurants specializing in variations on excessive foods like mac 'n cheese, pigs in a blanket and fried chicken are opening coast to coast, and they're packed.
We're consuming culture in huge gulps. Immersive theater and six-hour plays are becoming the "it" events. Netflix streams to a series-hungry audience of over 44 million .
We're dating nonstop, too, with Tinder clocking 750 million swipes per day.
And there are no regrets: 73 percent of bingers feel good and guilt-free about their behavior.
So why binging, why now? Because the key forces in our lives are catalyzing like never before. They're creating a push-pull of desires, which is why BingeCulture is such a study in contradictions.
BingeCulture is both singular and communal. Because today's society is exhausting and often times isolating, we're hungry for escape and a connection with PLUs (People Like Us). Bingeing allows us to do all that, all while doing very little at all. We can isolate ourselves in our BingeCocoon and then emerge with the social currency of knowing what happened on every episode of Game of Thrones.
It's Good To Be Bad
From our gluten-free mania to our non-GMO crusades to our obsession with extreme fitness, our hyper-focus on health is wearing on us. We're looking for a chance to cut loose and indulge, while still staying protected from the dangers of the world.
BingeCulture allows us to reframe "negative" behaviors as rewards we deserve. It lets us feel good about being a little bad, about dosing ourselves safely with a tad of transgression. BingeCulture provides an IV-drip of resonance and relevance, while mainlining a frisson of guilt.
The Beauty of the Binge
By allowing us to focus all our attention on one thing in depth, BingeCulture gives us the feeling of unfettered indulgence, consuming in one big bite, a sense of control in an increasingly fragmented world.
It's a way to unplug and plug in at the same time. We want to get in a zone and stay there forever. Think of the millions endlessly playing Candy Crush, Flappy Bird or making it to the "A" list in Kim Kardashian's game (which is already on schedule to make a whopping $200 million dollars this year).
The New Status Symbol
The concept of Binge is elevating our tastes, rebranding the formerly mundane as culturally cool. Once middle-brow idea like biscuits and television becomes badges of cultural connection. It lets us escape the multiple demands on our time and shelter ourselves from stress.
The Business of Binge-ing
Our desire to inhale a whole season of shows or a dozen different artisanal desserts promises to re-spin consumer culture in surprising ways. Will Oreos be available in every possible permutation (we've already seen the Watermelon, Lemon Twist and Fruit Punch varieties)? Will Nestle open costal, bespoke Chocolate Tasting Rooms with dozens of delicacies? Will movies only be released as trilogies and quintets -- or will the surprise of a "one-off" galvanize viewers? And what about work-life: Will we go on month-long work binges, followed by sumptuous sabbaticals?
Read more about BingeCulture HERE and let us know what you think at Faith Popcorn's BrainReserve on Facebook , @PopcornBrains on Twitter, and at www.faithpopcorn.com .
Follow Faith Popcorn on Twitter: www.twitter.com/FaithPopcorn
More:

10 Things to Watch From the U.S. OpenThe U.S. Open is the largest annually-attended sporting event, with 700,000 people attending, and millions watching worldwide: a great brand-building opportunity. What are the 10 key things to watch from this year's event?
1. Some brands still think of communication as transmission
Really? Yes. Just take a look at the on-court sponsors: JP Morgan, Citizen and Emirates. There are no visible marketing activities to inject meaning into the bald awareness-build, which means missed opportunities. At least Mercedes-Benz has significant weight of TV advertising and some interesting use of RFID (see below) and Chase has a witty campaign to launch its mobile app using John McEnroe and Andy Roddick. But all these brands need to do more. Read on.
2. IBM looking to own Big Data
The USTA has been using mobile, social, analytics and cloud for a while, but the IBM partnership has upped the ante this year to help people understand and engage with the action, with IBM communicating heavily behind the Big Data message. IBM analyzes 41 million data points from 8 years of Slam play, visualizes meaningful patterns and creates engaging apps. Trendcast  is the most striking of the new mobile and social apps: it aggregates and filters social media comments, identifies key trends, engages with fans and offers sponsorship opportunities for the USTA. Another new piece of analytics is Keys to the Match, which identifies three actions players can take to increase their chances of winning.
3. Heineken and branded experiences
Would you be able to make the hustle and bustle of New York's Union Square go silent? Heineken's 'Quiet Please' event challenged people to sit in an umpire's chair and do exactly that. One person managed to do it -- take a look on YouTube to see how. Check out the brand's Crack the U.S. Open Instagram mosaic with embedded codes that Digiday labelled, " a new kind of scavenger hunt." And if you get tickets to the Open, you'll have a choice between the Red Star Café and Heineken House, featuring a culinary partnership with NY eatery No. 7 Sub.
4. Moet blurring physical and digital
Event-based digital activations have exploded this year, with everything from robots to world record-breaking challenges. One of the most eye-catching was how Moet has given #MoetMoment physical presence. How it works: you go to the Moet stand and take a photo of yourself in the life-sized Instagram frame in front of your favorite backdrop. Next, upload the picture, tagging it to enter into a draw to win Moet-brand glasses. The brand also buys geo-tagged promotional tweets and Facebook ads to amplify the social push.
5. Fashion brands crossing over into sport
Nike, Adidas, Reebok and Lacoste have made the move into fashion apparel for years now. We have also seen a new Stella McCartney range this year in partnership with Adidas, sported by Caroline Wozniacki. But the intriguing clothing trend is in the opposite direction, as high street brands with no sporting credentials start to clothe tennis stars: it started with Uniqlo and Novak Djokovic, and now we have H&M and Tomas Berdych.
6. Amex and Mercedes flirting with RFID
Amex is using RFID for its MyOpen Pass program: you are given a wristband with an embedded chip that collects data about your journey around Fan Experience, and later you receive an e-mail detailing your performance. Mercedes has introduced dashboard RFID-based parking tags, containing a scan-able barcode at Mercedes' Brand Center, where you can win tennis gear and merchandise.
7. Nike not so hot
Nike used to be so good at creating wow experiences. Remember when they converted an old factory in a tough area of Paris during the French Open a couple years ago? They laid out tennis courts, hired a world-class local DJ and got Rafael Nadal to turn up and play with the local talent. We've seen nothing approaching that at this year's U.S. Open. The best Nike has come up with is a staged appearance by Michael Jordan at Roger Federer's first-round match.
8. E-surance and social roaming
Players sign autographs at E-surance's booth. Calls to action are posted on Twitter, giving at-home viewers the chance to talk to players via tweets. The lucky ones get to video chat via webcam. All backed up by the TV campaign using the Bryan brothers and their roaming video-conferencing robots on the streets of New York.
9. Starwood & Heineken activation
Looking to ramp up awareness and membership of its Preferred Guest loyalty program, Starwood Hotels is experimenting with an on-line game and microsite. And Heineken, again, is innovating - challenging fans at its Open booth to set tennis-related world records, upload to recordsetter.com and win tickets for the men's singles final.
10. Multi-sensory inspiration
And lastly, Patrick Gunderson -- an IBM developer -- is collaborating with James Murphy (aka LCD Soundsystem) to create the authentic soundtrack of the U.S. Open. Murphy will use the algorithms developed by Gunderson to encode a match's action, along with weather data and crowd engagement, and turn these into music by ascribing musical values to each one: "we're going to generate almost 400 hours' worth of music."
Follow Jonathan Hall on Twitter: www.twitter.com/hallcjonathan
More:

Flood fury hits Jammu and KashmirTweet
A soldier carries a toddler as evacuated families alight from an Indian Air Force Mi-17 helicopter flying a rescue sortie in the Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir. (AFP Photo)
Tourists who were rescued by the army from the flooded areas wait to be transported to Jammu at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Men remove debris of their house that was damaged in floods on the banks of the Tawi River in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A villager salvages belongings in his flood-devastated home in Poonch, some 240 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
A lady along with her child salvages usable items from her destroyed house after flash floods hit Majheen village about 20 km from Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Laborers carry relief material for flood-affected victims in Poonch, around 276 kilometers (166 miles) from Jammu. (AP Photo)
Indian army soldiers load onto a helicopter relief material for flood victims at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
An aerial view of a flood affected Pargwal village along River Chenab, in Jammu.(Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
Helicopters carrying out rescue, relief & evacuation of people marooned during the flood fury in Jammu and Kashmir. (Photo by IAF)
Indian villagers look on at a missing section of a bridge across the overflowing Tawi river that was swept away as flooding continues in the Mandal area of Jammu. (AFP Photo)
People look at a bridge across the Tawi River that was damaged in the floods at Mandal village on the outskirts of Jammu.(AP Photo)
Indian residents look on towards threatened houses as waters from the overflowing Tawi river rage past in Jammu. (AFP Photo)
Trucks stands stranded due to heavy rain fall in Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Onlookers stand on the debris of a house that was damaged by floodwaters on the banks of the river Tawi after heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Indian villagers look across the Chenab river at a half-submerged temple and homes at Akhnoor, some 30 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
People ride their vehicles in a bridge across a river flooded following monsoon rains in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A view of residential areas adjoining Tawi river during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
An army jawan alerts people over rising water level as heavy rains continue to lash Jammu on Friday. (PTI Photo)
A man holding umbrella looks on as Tawi river rages dangerously during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
Water from the overflowing river Tawi floods a temple of Lord Ganesh, the deity of prosperity, during heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Advertisement

Five States contributed half of PSU investments between 2008 and 2013New Delhi, September 7, 2014
Updated: September 7, 2014 11:50 IST
‘Five States contributed half of PSU investments between 2008 and 2013’
IANS
economy, business and finance
According to a study by the Associated Chambers of Commerce & Industry of India (Assocham), 50 per cent of the major investments – amounting to Rs.5.5 lakh crore ($91 billion) - between 2008-09 and 2012-13 in Central Public Sector Enterprises (CPSEs) came from five States.
Topping the list, Maharashtra alone claimed 20 per cent in the total, followed by Andhra Pradesh (8.4 per cent), Tamil Nadu (8.1 percent), Odisha (6.7 per cent) and Uttar Pradesh (6.2 per cent), the study said.
The investment would have been much more with improved employment generation had there not been delays in execution and implementation of the new projects, the study added.
“Investment is a function of the state of economy, historical base of the concerned CPSE, industrial environment and the push factor of the states besides priorities of the central government. Despite talks of autonomy, the public sector investment decisions are influenced by several factors other than pure commercial considerations,” Assocham Secretary General D.S. Rawat said.
The other States in the list included West Bengal (5.3 per cent), Chhattisgarh (4.8 per cent), Assam (3.9 per cent), Madhya Pradesh (3.8 per cent) and Himachal Pradesh (3.4 percent).
“The CPSEs investment growth rate was recorded at 9.05 percent in 2012-13 on a year-on-year basis as compared to 13.42 percent in 2011-12, 9.48 percent in 2010-11 and 15.52 percent in 2009-10,” the paper said.

Angry Joan Rivers fans have taken to Yelp to trash the clinic that ‘killed her’By Caitlin Dewey September 5 Follow @caitlindewey
Comedian Joan Rivers in November 2008. (Reuters/Molly Riley)
Joan Rivers was 81, and not in pristine health, when she went into a cardiac arrest during an outpatient procedure at a Manhattan clinic last week. But regardless of the actual circumstances of her death — the New York Department of Health is conducting a routine investigation — some of the comedienne’s many fans have already decided who’s to blame.
“This is the place that killed Joan Rivers,” one reviewer wrote on Yelp. “Don’t go there unless you have a death wish.”
(Yelp)
“There” is Yorkville Endoscopy , a gastroenterology surgical center that — until Thursday! — had nary a Yelp review. But as of Friday morning, anyone Googling the clinic would see that it averages a measly three stars , not exactly the kind of score to inspire confidence when you’re going under the knife. Half the ratings — the low ones — come from outraged Rivers fans; the other half come from either actual patients of the clinic, or concerned Yelpers weighing in on its behalf.
“Yelp is for the purpose of reviewing YOUR PERSONAL EXPERIENCE, not bashing a business that has a high profile,” one woman in California complained. “Until all the facts are in, people need to stop pointing fingers and trying to ruin a business based on their emotions to a very tragic loss.”
(Yelp)
This is, incidentally, a fairly common criticism of Yelp, the massive reviews site that invites anonymous customers to rate their experiences with businesses. Yelp and its devotees claim the site empowers consumers to make educated choices about where they eat, shop and, apparently, have throat surgery. Business-owners who fare poorly on the site, of course, claim it’s an unaccountable lynch mob that ruins reputations and livelihoods at whim. (According to a 2011 study from the Harvard Business School, a one-star drop in a Yelp rating equals a five to nine percent decline in revenue.)
(Yelp)
Of course, it’s not unusual for high-profile businesses to get trolled on Yelp, and the site has worked pretty hard to prevent that kind of behavior. Of the 940 reviews left for Amy’s Baking Company — the restaurant at the center of a 2013 reality-show scandal — more than 600 are hidden on suspicion of being fake. As of this writing, about a quarter of the reviews on Yorkville Endoscopy’s page have likewise been downplayed.
That has not, however, stopped the page from devolving into a debate on the medical sense of giving anesthesiology at an outpatient center, or the ethics of bashing a business before all the facts come out.
“I’m just suggesting it would be prudent to hold off on any appointments until more information is released and verified,” one reviewer wrote. “Just common sense.”
(Yelp)
… the same sense might apply to writing Yelp reviews, too.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=lifestyle, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409938312/1409938312000/1409938312 tracking: {authors=Caitlin Dewey, blog_name=the-intersect, content_category=Lifestyle, in_url_headline=angry-joan-rivers-fans-have-taken-to-yelp-to-trash-the-clinic-that-killed-her, post_id=2852, section={section=lifestyle, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 5:31:52 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 5:31:52 PM

New rules target foreign TV shows in ChinaBeijing is making it harder for Chinese to watch American TV shows
By Charles Riley  @CRrileyCNN September 8, 2014: 1:04 AM ET
A woman in Beijing walks past an advertisement for a streaming version of "24"
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Beijing has issued a set of new rules for websites that stream foreign television series, a move that could make it harder for Chinese Internet users to get their fix of American TV shows.
Internet companies that offer foreign TV shows must now obtain a "film screening license" or "television screening license," according to a notice from the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television. The companies will also be required to obtain a publication license for each foreign show they want to stream.
While the regulator did not outright cap the number of shows, companies are encouraged to provide "an appropriate number of foreign television programs."
Earlier this year, regulators pulled "The Big Bang Theory," "NCIS," "The Good Wife" and "The Practice" from streaming video outlets without much of an explanation, suggesting that new restrictions on the booming industry might be in the pipeline.
While still dwarfed by state broadcasters, streaming TV content is gaining popularity in China -- especially with younger audiences and the middle class. "The Walking Dead" and "House of Cards" are among the biggest hits, racking up tens of millions of views.
 
Why the NFL rules TV
Youku Tudou ( YOKU ), Sohu ( SOHU ) and search giant Baidu ( BIDU , Tech30 ) -- all of which trade in New York -- are industry heavyweights. The foreign shows they offer are licensed from their original producers.
The Internet and media are closely controlled in China. Services including Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ) and Twitter ( TWTR , Tech30 ) are banned, and Beijing has invested heavily in a firewall that restricts access to controversial websites. Films are censored, and Beijing limits imports of foreign movies to 34 a year.
But the nascent Web streaming industry has managed to escape some regulatory scrutiny. The content is often racier or more controversial than shows broadcast on state-owned television channels such as CCTV.
Related: Traditional TV is still king in the U.S.
"The Walking Dead" is an ultra violent post-apocalyptic horror drama from cable network AMC, and political corruption is a major theme on Netflix's ( NFLX , Tech30 ) "House of Cards." The most recent season of the Kevin Spacey-led hit even highlights the inner workings of a fictional Chinese Politburo.
The new regulations suggest that Beijing might take a more active role in limiting this kind of programming. The rules require shows to consist of "healthy content" that satisfies "the growing spiritual and cultural needs of the public."
Analysts have also suggested that Beijing may be trying to protect the interests of state broadcasters including CCTV, which have been challenged by upstart satellite and Internet content providers.
It wouldn't be the first time officials have tried to protect government-run media interests at the expense of private operators. Last year, programmers were warned to cut down on wildly popular reality television and talent shows that were stealing attention from CCTV programs.
-- CNN's Esther Pang contributed reporting.
First Published: September 8, 2014: 12:51 AM ET
Join the Conversation

Festive Season Sale: Airfares Start from Rs 1 290China Likely to Set Up Industrial Parks in India: Commerce Minister
It is raining discounts for air travelers in India. Many airlines are offering promotional scheme for the festive season to attract flyers.
Budget carrier AirAsia India, which recently added Jaipur and Chandigarh to its list of destinations, is offering promotional fares from an all-in Rs 1290. This offer is valid on bookings till September 14 and travel period till December 11, 2014.
(Also Read: Why airfares in India may surprise you )
Jet Airways has also announced special fares for all passengers travelling in its economy class on the domestic network. All-inclusive fares start from Rs. 1,999 under this offer. This offer is valid on travel period between October 7, 2014 and January 15, 2015.
Jet Airways is also offering special fares from Rs 830 under a separate scheme, which is for travel on or after January 16, 2015. The bookings for this special offer are open till September 10. ( Check out Jet's offer )
Another budget carrier SpiceJet, which has been one of the most aggressive airlines in offering promotional schemes, is offering special all-in fares starting from Rs 1,999. This offer is for bookings made till September 10, 2014, and for travel between October 7, 2014 and January 15, 2015. ( Check out SpiceJet's offer )
SpiceJet is offering another special scheme starting from Rs 599 on next year's tickets. Under this Rs 599 special fare, all statutory taxes and fees are to be paid by the passenger as applicable on the date of travel. The booking for this scheme is open till September 10 and travel period between January 16, 2015, and October 24, 2015. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 11:29 (IST)

India needs more banks before more bank accountsIndia needs more banks before more bank accounts
Modi’s financial inclusion plan needs more private and foreign banks and reduced dominance of state-owned banks
ICICI Bank board approves 1:5 stock split
A truly competitive banking system would expand credit to many more customers. Banks would have an incentive to develop innovative products which lowered the cost of finance to consumers and investors. Photo: Mint
Only one-third of India’s 1.2 billion people have a bank account. More than twice as many—some 900 million people—own mobile phones. There is a deep irony in that comparison. In 1969, then-Prime Minister Indira Gandhi nationalized India’s banks specifically in order to bring more citizens within the ambit of the financial system; more than four decades later, that goal still remains far from reach. By contrast, the government unleashed a mobile-technology boom in the 1990s simply by deregulating India’s telecom sector.
So why is current Prime Minister Narendra Modi , supposedly a champion of free enterprise, following the same state-driven path as Gandhi and her Congress Party heirs? In the most dramatic decision of his first 100 days in office, Modi last week launched a new “financial inclusion” initiative designed to provide every Indian household with access to a bank account. The goal is worthy. Modi’s chosen method, however, is flawed.
His plan would offer all those who open a bank account an overdraft facility worth about $85, life insurance worth about $500, and accident insurance worth $1,600. The prime minister has directed government-owned banks to take the lead in reaching out to new customers. It would be only reasonable to assume that these banks will also finance the associated freebies. In the end, the cost will have to be borne by taxpayers since the state is responsible for the capitalization of the banks it owns. Modi is simply trying to fulfill the original goal of nationalization—using the government to include the excluded.
The trouble, of course, is that financial “inclusion” means more than simply owning a bank account, or a little life insurance. The success of any banking and financial system ought to be judged on how easily and cheaply it provides access to credit. By this measure, the state-dominated Indian banking system has largely failed. For one, credit is too expensive. Bank prime lending rates tend to be several percentage points higher than the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) benchmark lending rate (if the benchmark rate is 8%, the prime lending rate can be as high as 14%). At the same time, the biggest banks function as near-oligopolies. They have little incentive to expand coverage and lend to the poor or to small entrepreneurs.
At the root of these two problems of cost and access is a debilitating lack of competition. Shut out from established sources of credit, the poor and small entrepreneurs typically end up borrowing from local money lenders at exorbitant rates of interest, sometimes up to 100% per year. At best borrowers can seek out loans from microfinance institutions; while these charge a significant premium over regular banks, the rate seems reasonable when compared with moneylenders.
A truly competitive banking system would expand credit to many more customers. Banks would have an incentive to develop innovative products which lowered the cost of finance to consumers and investors.
Unfortunately, the current policy actively discourages competition. Successive governments have ruled out privatizing or breaking down the giant public-sector banks (the State Bank of India alone commands a 25% market share). While the sector has been liberalized somewhat since 1991, licences for new banks are very rarely given out. Earlier this year, the state issued two new licences after a gap of more than a decade. Foreign banks operate under a repressive regulatory regime, and cannot expand their network of branches without government approval.
If Modi is serious about including hundreds of millions of poor Indians in the financial system, he needs to open up the banking sector to more private and foreign banks and reduce the dominance of state-owned banks. Only then—with more competition, rather than expensive populist schemes—will he be able to fulfill what is undoubtedly a critical and praiseworthy goal. Bloomberg

The great Indian financial inclusion circusHome »   Opinion »   Banker's Trust
The great Indian financial inclusion circus
To be fair to Narendra Modi, he has resorted to inclusion at gunpoint out of sheer frustration as lazy bankers have been refusing to expand their services
ICICI Bank board approves 1:5 stock split
According to a 2012 working paper of the World Bank, only 35% of India’s adult population has access to formal banking. Photo: Mint
For about a million public sector bank employees, the past fortnight has been extremely hectic. Senior executives could hardly sleep; they were busy video conferencing with colleagues in every state and even district while junior employees were literally on the street, chasing prospective depositors—something never seen in the history of Indian banking. They were put on notice on Independence Day, when Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana as a national mission on financial inclusion and fixed 28 August as the launch date. In his address, Modi spoke about the ambitious project to offer banking facilities to all households in India to complement the Bharatiya Janata Party-led National Democratic Alliance government’s development philosophy of Sab Ka Sath Sab Ka Vikas; he followed it up with a personal letter to all senior bankers. He wrote, “We need to enrol over seven crore households and open their accounts. This is a national priority and we must rise to meet this challenge. There is an urgency to this exercise as all other development activities are hindered by this single disability.... I will myself recognize the achievements of the best-performing branches.”
One cannot find fault with Modi’s earnestness. People in remote villages drink American fizzy drinks like Coke and Pepsi and carry mobile telephones in their pockets but they are pariahs when it comes to banking; India’s banks do not find doing business with them profitable. According to a 2012 working paper of the World Bank, only 35% of India’s adult population has access to formal banking.
So, what’s the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana all about? It’s aimed at bringing at least 75 million un-banked families into India’s banking system by opening two bank accounts per household in rural and urban pockets. All such accounts are being linked to the RuPay debit card, a domestic card network. Every individual who opens a bank account becomes eligible to receive an accident insurance cover of up to Rs.1 lakh and once the bank account has been active for six months and linked to the account holder’s Aadhaar identity number, he or she would become eligible for an overdraft of up to Rs.5,000.
Last Thursday, the government rolled out the programme, claiming about 15 million accounts were opened, exceeding the first day’s target of 10 million. An excited Modi shortened the deadline for achieving the target of 75 million new accounts to 26 January from 15 August 2015. He also topped up each account with life insurance cover of Rs.30,000, adding to the Rs.1 lakh accidental insurance benefit. “Never before in economic history were 15 million bank accounts opened on a single day,” Modi said. Many Union ministers and at least 20 chief ministers simultaneously launched the scheme in states. Information and broadcasting minister Prakash Javadekar launched it in Pune, law minister Ravi Shankar Prasad in Chennai, external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj in Bhopal, home minister Rajnath Singh in Lucknow and human resource development minister Smriti Irani in Surat. Nirmala Sitharaman , minister of state for finance, even cancelled a visit to Myanmar to be part of the launch.
I happened to be present at minority affairs minister Najma Heptulla ’s launch function in Kolkata. Forty-odd financially included persons, who opened accounts on that day, walked into a five-star hotel for the first time in their lives and were treated to tea and cookies after Heptulla handed over to them a RuPay debit card and a passbook which says, Mera Khata–Bhagya Vidhaata. It didn’t take much time to find out that for all of them, it was not their first bank account. Clearly, the banks wanted to meet the target at any cost. A retired banker even compared this programme with the late Sanjay Gandhi ’s compulsory sterilization programme in 1975. At that time, the health department in various states forced many to undergo sterilization more than once to meet their targets. Bankers followed the same path—beg, borrow or steal, get a human being to open a bank account; it doesn’t matter whether the person is already financially included.
Should we blame Modi for the great Indian financial inclusion circus? To be fair to him, he has resorted to inclusion at gunpoint out of sheer frustration. Lazy bankers have been refusing to expand their services, citing high transaction and technology cost for going rural, while they are sanguine about thousands of crores in loans, given to corporate borrowers, turning bad. For the first time, in January 2006, the Reserve Bank of India had allowed banks to appoint business correspondents and address the so-called last mile problem in providing banking services to the masses, but nothing much has happened except for opening millions of so-called no-frills accounts. By December 2013, banking connectivity had been extended to 328,679 villages from 67,694 in March 2010 and 229 million basic accounts have been opened, but how many of them are operational?
Financial inclusion is the process of ensuring access to financial services and timely and adequate credit to weaker sections and low income groups at an affordable cost. Merely opening a bank account doesn’t ensure that. Unlike Sanjay Gandhi’s sterilization programme or the government’s Pulse Polio immunization initiative, financial inclusion cannot be achieved only by meeting the target numbers. Pushed to the wall, banks will hit the target by doling out passbooks indiscriminately to anybody and everybody, including those who already have bank accounts. The government must make the bankers accountable and, at the same time, ensure that financial inclusion is supported by inclusion in infrastructure, education and other socio-economic areas. Finally, we need many more banks. Until now, licences for new domestic banks have been a once-a-decade affair.
Tamal Bandyopadhyay, consulting editor of Mint, is adviser to Bandhan Financial Services Pvt. Ltd, India’s newest bank in the making. He is also the author of Sahara: The Untold Story and A Bank for the Buck.

A quick guide to the Scottish referendumSeptember 2, 2014 1:42 pm
A quick guide to the Scottish referendum
By Mure Dickie in Edinburgh
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9ff3c71e-3282-11e4-a5a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

J-K floods: Social networking sites aid rescue  relief workPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 3:42 pm | Updated: September 10, 2014 3:26 pm
Hundreds of people have logged on to social networking sites likes facebook and twitter to share information on floods , which have created havoc in Jammu and Kashmir, and are even collecting aid for the victims.
People are sharing pictures and information of the affected areas and rescue and relief efforts being undertaken by the central and state authorities on these portals.
The information related to floods is trending on twitter under #KashmirFloods.
“Please keep us updated abt the network status in Kashmir (sic),” said one of the users on twitter.
Another user Ankur Raina tweeted:
@abdullah_omar #kashmirfloods my parents are stuck in building near crpf camp indira nagar. Unable 2 contact. Please help !
Some people also appreciated the rescue and relief work being done by the Army and other defence forces .
Well Done,Indian Army. 130 Army columns hav been deployed rescuing more than 14800 ppl so far. @adgpi #KashmirFloods pic.twitter.com/AZSuQKj6EC — Janak Dave (@dave_janak) September 8, 2014
BJP MP from Bihar’s Patna Sahib constituency Shatrughan Sinha tweeted “Proud of our Indian Army for the rescue work without worrying about their own safety!!”.
He also asked people to share control room numbers set up by the centre for assistance pertaining to the floods.
Anybody seeking assistance related to the flood crisis in J-K can also approach Home Ministry’s control room in New Delhi at the telephone numbers: (011) 23093054, 23092763, 23093564, 23092923, 23092885, 23093566, 23093563.
While on facebook, people are seeking information from fellow citizens in other districts of the state.
“Someone from Rajbagh plz try to contact,” said a post on facebook.
“My father is in Karanpura, Srinagar…. how to contact wid my dad :'( :'(,” said Priti Das on facebook.
People have also opened an online forum ‘Volunteers for flood victims in J&K’ to donate money, clothes, blankets or other essential  commodities.
“People at lala rukh hotel, near gantaghr, lal chowk, Srinagar trapped in 2nd storey. if somebody could help…. Its urgent pls pls,” said the facebook post by an user.
Floods in Kashmir have left 150 dead and caused huge damage to road, rail and other infrastructure.
The teams of National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) personnel have alone evacuated more than 5,246 people–5,223 from Kashmir region and 23 from Jammu.

Inside Europe’s censorship machineryComments
By Stewart Baker September 8
Three months ago, I tried hacking Google’s implementation of Europe’s “right to be forgotten.” For those of you who haven’t followed recent developments in censorship, the right to be forgotten is a European requirement that “irrelevant or outdated” information be excluded from searches about individuals. The doctrine extends even to true information that remains on the internet. And it is enforced by the search engines themselves, operating under a threat of heavy liability. That makes the rules particularly hard to determine, since they’re buried in private companies’ decisionmaking processes. So to find out how this censorship regime works in practice, I sent several takedown requests to Google’s British search engine, google.co.uk . (Europe has not yet demanded compliance from US search engines, like Google.com, but there are persistent signs that it wants to.)
I’ve now received three answers from Google, all denying my requests. Here’s what I learned.
The first question was whether Google would rule on my requests at all. I didn’t hide that I was an American. Google’s “right to be forgotten” request form requires that you provide ID, and I used my US driver’s license. Would Google honor a takedown request made by a person who wasn’t a UK or EU national? The answer appears to be yes. Google’s response does not mention my nationality as a reason for denying my requests. This is consistent with Europe’s preening view that its legal “mission civilisatrice” is to confer privacy rights on all mankind. And it may be the single most important point turned up by this first set of hacks, because it means that lawyers all around the world can start cranking out takedown requests for Belorussian and Saudi clients who don’t like the way they look on line.
But will the requests succeed? The reasons Google gave for denying my requests tell us something about that as well.
1. I had asked that Google drop a link to a book claiming that in 2007 I had the “dubious honor” of being named the world’s “Worst Public Official” by Privacy International, beating out Vladimir Putin on the strength of my involvement with NSA and the USA Patriot Act. It’s true that Privacy International announced I had won the award, but I argued that the book was inaccurate because in fact, I “had very little to do with either domestic surveillance activities at NSA or with the USA Patriot Act, and the trophy is a ‘dubious’ honor only in the sense that Privacy International never actually awarded it.” (All true: I’ve been trying to collect the trophy for years but Privacy International has refused to deliver it.)
Google refused to drop the link, saying, “In this case, it appears that the URL(s) in question relate(s) to matters of substantial interest to the public regarding your professional life. For example, these URLs may be of interest to potential or current consumers, users, or participants of your services. Information about recent professions or businesses you were involved with may also be of interest to potential or current consumers, users, or participants of your services. Accordingly, the reference to this document in our search results for your name is justified by the interest of the general public in having access to it.”
So it looks as though Google has adopted a rule that “information about recent professions or businesses you were involved with” are always relevant to consumers. It would be impressive if the poor paralegal stuck with answering my email did enough online research to realize that I sell legal services, but I fear he or she may have thought that being the world’s worst public official was just one of the gigs I had tried my hand at in the last decade.
2. My second takedown request was a real long shot. In an effort to see whether Google would let me get away with blatant censorship of my critics, I asked for deletion of a page from Techdirt that seems to be devoted to trashing me and my views; I claimed that it was “inappropriate” under European law to include the page in a list of links about me because it contains “many distorted claims about my political views, a particularly sensitive form of personal data. The stories are written by men who disagree with me, and they are assembled for the purpose of making money for a website, a purpose that cannot outweigh my interest in controlling the presentation of sensitive data about myself.”
To American ears, such a claim is preposterous, but under European law, it’s not. Google, thank goodness, still has an American perspective: “Our conclusion is that the inclusion of the news article(s) in Google’s search results is/are – with regard to all the circumstances of the case we are aware of – still relevant and in the public interest.” If I had to bet, I’d say that this rather vague statement is the one Google uses when other, more pointed reasons to deny relief don’t work. But the reference to this page as a “news article” suggests that Google may be using a tougher standard in evaluating takedown requests for news media, a term that applies, at least loosely, to Techdirt.
3. The third denial was a little less interesting. I tried to get Google to take down an image showing me with a beard, arguing that it was out of date: “I don’t have a beard now. If you look at the picture, you’ll see why.”
But Google just gave me the same “professional life” rejection it gave to my “Worst Public Official” request. I suspect that’s because the article that accompanies the picture is without question about my professional life; it’s published by the Blog of the Legal Times. I can understand why Google would want to evaluate the complete link, not just the image, for this purpose but that’s going to make deletion of images harder, especially when a bad photo accompanies an unexceptionable article.
What next?  With these results in hand, I’m preparing a second round of hacks to further explore the boundaries of the right to be forgotten, and I’ll resubmit my “does this search engine make me look fat?” request that Google take down a fourteen-year-old photo (unattached to a story) on the grounds that I weigh less now. But to tell the truth, I’m having trouble finding stuff in my search history that is sufficiently inaccurate or outdated, especially now that we know Google is treating professional activities and news as per se relevant (at least if it’s “recent,” whatever that means). So I hope that others will make their own searches and their own takedown requests and report what they find.
In fact, my second effort has shed some light on how Google decides someone is famous, but I’ll write that up separately, since this post is already long enough.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410171886/1410171886000/1410171886 tracking: {authors=Stewart Baker, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=inside-europes-censorship-machinery, post_id=13127, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 10:24:46 AM close date: Sep 22, 2014 10:24:46 AM

Sensex  Nifty at record closing high on broad based buyingJinsy Mathew |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 03:55 PM IST
Sensex, Nifty at record closing high on broad based buying
HDFC and Infosys contribute the most to today's rally
Markets staged a smart recovery in today's session, to ease past the losses over the last two trading days, on way to set a new record high for both the Sensex and Nifty. The gains were on account of broad based buying and crude dropping below $100 a barrel.
The sentiment was bettered after Goldman Sachs raised its Nifty target to 9,000 points for September 2015. Its previous target was 8,600 points for June 2015. Also, provisional data from the exchanges showed that foreign funds were net buyers the previous trading session.
For the day, the Sensex and the Nifty gained a percent each. The 30- share Sensex closed at a record high of 27,320, up 293 points and the Nifty scaled a peak of 8,174 up 87 points.
Meanwhile, broader markets surged with the small cap index up 2.1% and the midcap index advanced 1.3%, keeping its outperforming trend intact.
Rupee
The rupee was trading at 60.26/27 versus Friday's close of 60.39/40 following weaker-than-expected U.S. jobs data. The RBI likely buying dollars via state-run banks to prevent further fall in the pair, say traders.
Most other Asian currencies were trading stronger compared to the dollar.
Sectors & Stocks
Consumer Durables index down 0.2% was the only sectoral index to close in the red. Among the gainers were Oil and Gas, Bankex, Capital Goods, FMCG, IT, Metal and Health Care indices up 1-2%.
NTPC, M&M, Tata Power and HDFC down 0.2-1.6% were the only losers among Sensex-30.
Among the gainers were Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) which gained nearly 3% after Bank of America Merrill Lynch upgraded the stock to "buy" from "neutral".
Cipla climbed 1% after the company announced that Medispray Laboratories, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company at its board meeting held on 05 September 2014 approved the acquisition of two manufacturing undertakings worth Rs 100 crore.
L&T added 1% after the company said its wholly owned subsidiary L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering (LTHE) has secured new orders in the offshore and onshore segments worth Rs 1920 crore from domestic oil and gas majors.
Hindalco, Wipro, HDFC Bank, SBI, HUL and TCS up 1.5-3.5% were the prominent gainers for the day.
Tyre stocks were in focus today on optimism that the recent steep slide in rubber prices could boost profitability of tyre makers. Apollo Tyres, CEAT, Goodyear India, JK Tyre & Industries, MRF and TVS Srichakra gained 5-20%.
Global Markets
Asian stocks were trading mixed. Key benchmark indices in Hong Kong and Singapore were off 0.2% to 0.22%. Key benchmark indices in Japan and Indonesia rose 0.15% to 0.69%. Markets in China, South Korea and Taiwan are closed for a holiday.
According to a government report today, 8 September 2014, China's exports rose 9.4% in August from a year earlier, down from a 14.5% rise in July. Imports slid 2.4% in August from a year earlier, after a 1.6% drop in July. China's trade surplus with the rest of the world widened to a record of $49.8 billion in August, from $47.3 billion in July.
Japan's economy shrank an annualised 7.1% in April-June from the previous quarter, revised down from a preliminary 6.8% contraction due to weaker-than-expected capital spending, the Cabinet Office said today, 8 September 2014 in Tokyo.
 Advertisements

Death toll reaches 180  massive rescue operations underway in J-KThe death toll from flooding in Jammu and Kashmir climbed to 180 on Monday as relief and rescue operations were stepped up with the Indian Air Force (IAF) using helicopters and planes to rescue those stranded in the worst-affected areas.
  
Play Pause
A soldier carries a toddler as evacuated families alight from an Indian Air Force Mi-17 helicopter flying a rescue sortie in the Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir. (AFP Photo)
Tourists who were rescued by the army from the flooded areas wait to be transported to Jammu at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Men remove debris of their house that was damaged in floods on the banks of the Tawi River in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A villager salvages belongings in his flood-devastated home in Poonch, some 240 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
A lady along with her child salvages usable items from her destroyed house after flash floods hit Majheen village about 20 km from Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Laborers carry relief material for flood-affected victims in Poonch, around 276 kilometers (166 miles) from Jammu. (AP Photo)
Indian army soldiers load onto a helicopter relief material for flood victims at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
An aerial view of a flood affected Pargwal village along River Chenab, in Jammu.(Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
Helicopters carrying out rescue, relief & evacuation of people marooned during the flood fury in Jammu and Kashmir. (Photo by IAF)
Indian villagers look on at a missing section of a bridge across the overflowing Tawi river that was swept away as flooding continues in the Mandal area of Jammu. (AFP ...
People look at a bridge across the Tawi River that was damaged in the floods at Mandal village on the outskirts of Jammu.(AP Photo)
Indian residents look on towards threatened houses as waters from the overflowing Tawi river rage past in Jammu. (AFP Photo)
Trucks stands stranded due to heavy rain fall in Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Onlookers stand on the debris of a house that was damaged by floodwaters on the banks of the river Tawi after heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Indian villagers look across the Chenab river at a half-submerged temple and homes at Akhnoor, some 30 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
People ride their vehicles in a bridge across a river flooded following monsoon rains in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A view of residential areas adjoining Tawi river during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
An army jawan alerts people over rising water level as heavy rains continue to lash Jammu on Friday. (PTI Photo)
A man holding umbrella looks on as Tawi river rages dangerously during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
Water from the overflowing river Tawi floods a temple of Lord Ganesh, the deity of prosperity, during heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Officials said the toll could go up as 30 more people could be feared dead in Udhampur district of Jammu region.
The IAF has deployed 16 medium lift helicopters, nine light helicopters and seven transport aircraft for the rescue and relief operations.
The Indian Army has deployed 130 columns, with 70-100 personnel in each column, which have rescued at least 14,800 people. Fifty Army Medical Teams have also been pressed into service.
The Centre has rushed six National Disaster Response Forces (NDRF) teams, who were airlifted by from Delhi, Bathinda, Pune and Ahmedabad to Srinagar and Avantipur, equipped with boats and other flood relief equipment.
Watch: Monsoon floods kill hundreds in India, Pakistan
Army and IAF choppers have also airdropped relief material at many places in Jammu.
NDRF and state police personnel say it has been extremely difficult to manually clear areas as they have not been able to use machines to remove earth.
Jammu-Srinagar national highway too remained closed for the fifth consecutive day while the pilgrimage to Vaishno Devi shrine has resumed.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who flew over the flooded areas on Sunday, announced a grant of Rs. 1,000 crore and said the crisis was “a national level disaster”.
“I want to tell people of the region that we will do everything possible to get them out of this disaster,” he said.
 
The state’s worst flooding in 60 years has submerged villages, ruined crops, snapped communication links and left thousands homeless.
Read: We will reach you all, Omar assures locals
Srinagar submerged
Most of the Srinagar is submerged in water with all lines of communications snapped in the city. Though, there are no reports of any loss of life in the city.
At least 6,000 tourists, who are stranded in the state’s capital, are desperately trying to reach out to their relatives and friends but have not been able to establish any contact with them.
There have been numerous complaints about the slow response of the administration. The authorities themselves are finding it difficult to evacuate the people as there very few elevated areas in Srinagar.
The water level in Jhelum has reached 18 feet, breached embankments and flooded the Srinagar city affecting Rajbagh, Jawahar Nagar, Shivpora and Indranagar areas. At many places, the water has reached up to the first story-level of the homes.
The Badami Bagh Cantonment in Srinagar city is also affected. The army has pressed 84 columns with teams of 15 engineers into service to bring the affected people to safety. The teams have also saved 1,400 army personnel.
An army spokesperson said relief operation in remote area south Kashmir will be started soon.

Turnover from IRF crosses Rs 1 lakh cr-level in FY15Press Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 02:56 PM IST
Turnover from IRF crosses Rs 1 lakh cr-level in FY15
The turnover of Interest Rate Futures on bourses has crossed Rs one lakh crore since the beginning of fiscal 2014-15, even as trading value in August was down by over 10 per cent from the previous month level.
The turnover of Interest Rate Futures on bourses has crossed Rs one lakh crore since the beginning of fiscal 2014-15, even as trading value in August was down by over 10% from the previous month level.
Trading of Interest Rate Futures (IRF) on -- BSE, NSE and MCX-SX -- cumulatively stood at Rs 1.28 lakh crore, during April-August period.
However, for August, total trading value in IRF on the three stock exchanges dipped by 10.45% to Rs 28,644.62 crore over the preceding month.
Trading value of IRF cumulatively stood at Rs 31,987 crore in July, as per the data available with the bourses.
An IRF, generally a contract between a buyer and a seller agreeing to the future delivery of any interest-bearing asset such as government bonds, was launched on the three exchanges in January, this year.
Individually, NSE has recorded the highest turnover among the bourses at Rs 1.20 lakh crore during the five months of the current fiscal.
At the same time, the IRF value stood at about Rs 6,264 crore on BSE and Rs 1,391.18 crore on MCX-SX during the period.
For August, NSE recorded a IRF turnover at Rs 26,816.5 crore, down 12.5% from the preceding month. However, the exchange is much above BSE and MCX-SX both in terms of trading value and volume in IRF.
Besides, trading in IRF on MCX-SX also saw a sharp dip at Rs 92.18 crore in August from Rs 536 crore in July.
BSE, however, recorded a significant jump in turnover on the segment at about Rs 1,736 crore last month, compared to Rs 793 crore in July.
The bourses cumulatively traded 14.32 lakh contracts on their platforms during August, a drop of about 10% over the preceding month.
NSE registered trading of 13.40 lakh contracts, while BSE IRF volumes stood at 86,997. Besides, as many as 4,597 contracts were traded on MCX-SX.
With this, the total IRF volumes stand at nearly 64 lakh for the April-August period .
The cash-settled IRFs provides market participants with a better option to hedge risks arising from fluctuations in interest rates, which depend on various factors including RBI policy, demand for liquidity and flow of overseas funds.
Banks, primary dealers, mutual funds, insurance firms, FIIs, corporates and brokers, as well as retail investors can trade in this product.
 Advertisements

A Qubcois ScotlandRemember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

SBI launches multi-currency travel cardMasterCard
(It’s a prepaid and reloadable card…)
State Bank of India and MasterCard today announced launch of a multi- currency foreign travel card that will be available through identified State Bank branches. The card is available in both retail and corporate variants will allow the consumers to pay conveniently in multiple currencies. It will initially be available in four currencies—USD, GBP, Euro and SGD and eventually be made available in all major currencies.
It's a prepaid and reloadable card with 24/7 access to balance and transaction history online or via the dedicated customer service centre. The card also gives free access to exclusive benefits and offers around the world, which are unique to MasterCard members.
Speaking on the launch, S K Mishra, Deputy Managing Director (Corporate Strategy and New Business) State Bank of India said, "Outbound travel from India is growing at a rapid pace, with 35 million people travelling outside India. This is expected to grow to 50 million in 2020. Consumers expect smart payment products to address their travel needs and Multi-currency Foreign Travel Card provides customers both ease and choice."
Presently, the card can be issued, reloaded and refunded at 100 selected branches of Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai and Bangalore Circles and can be loaded in any or all of the four currencies. "The number of branches and currencies will be increased going forward," added Mishra.
MasterCard's Multi Currency Card is one of the most advanced multi-currency programs in India. While the opportunity and need was apparent, our next step was to find the right partnership for this project. SBI was a natural choice, keeping in mind their strength and capabilities to provide this initiative with the required back-end support and infrastructure," said Ari Sarker, Divisional President , MasterCard Worldwide, South Asia.
The card is Chip and Pin based and provides global emergency assistance services like complimentary card replacement, cash delivery, medical and lawyer assistance services, besides providing online account management services and 24 hours call centre support.
"The product is backed by MasterCard's powerful acceptance network of over 35.9 million merchant establishments and 1.9 million ATMs worldwide," added Sarker.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Spains housing market shows signs of lifeSeptember 8, 2014 1:38 pm
Spain’s house prices rise for first time in 6 years
By Tobias Buck in Madrid
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aafc7efc-374c-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

NSA Doval in China to finalise Xi Jinping s ...You are here: Home > Collections
NSA Ajit Doval arrives in China to finalise Xi Jinping's visit to India
PTI Sep 8, 2014, 06.20PM IST
Tags:
Ajit Doval
(Dates for the visit of Xi,…)
BEIJING: National Security Advisor Ajit Doval arrived here today to firm up Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to India expected to take place next week.
Doval will hold talks tomorrow with Chinese State Councillor Yang Jiechi and is expected to meet Xi after that.
Dates for the visit of Xi, also the General Secretary of the ruling Communist Party of China , have not yet been officially announced by both sides.
Doval's visit is taking place in the immediate backdrop of the cancellation of Xi's visit to Islamabad planned as part of his first visit to Pakistan, Sri Lanka and India.
Initially, Xi was to pay a three-day visit to New Delhi from September 17.
Speculation is rife that in view of the cancellation of the visit to Pakistan, Xi may arrive in India earlier and may visit Prime Minister Narendra Modi's home state Gujarat before he lands in New Delhi.
Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman , who visited Beijing twice including early this month, has laid ground for Xi's visit by holding extensive talks with Chinese officials on the package of investments as well as measures to address India's concerns of trade deficit.
China-India are in discussions to modernise Indian railways.
China plans to invest in industrial parks, locations of which are expected to be announced by Xi.
Besides finalising the schedule, Doval's visit is expected to focus on the political aspects of Xi's tour, including issues related to the boundary dispute and new routes for Kailash and Manasarovar Yatra.
Yang is China's Special Representative for boundary negotiations held two rounds of talks with Doval's predecessor, Shivshankar Menon.
The two sides held 17 rounds of talks and reached a stage to focus on the framework to resolve the dispute.
The next stage was stated to be exchange of maps about the mutual perception of the Line of Actual Control (LAC).
Both the countries have signed Border Defence Cooperation Agreement (BDCA) last year to ensure peace and tranquillity at the LAC pending the settlement of the border dispute.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SC grants 15 days more time to Roy to sell h...You are here: Home > Collections > Brunei
Supreme Court grants 15 days more time to Sahara's Subrata Roy to sell hotels
PTI Sep 8, 2014, 06.29PM IST
Tags:
Brunei
(The bench, after going through…)
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today granted 15 more working days time to jailed Sahara Chief Subrata Roy to seal the deal to sell his three luxury hotels in New York and London to raise money to be deposited with SEBI to get bail.
Appearing before a bench headed by Justice T S Thakur, Roy's counsel submitted that its almost finalised deal to sell the properties to foreign buyers has hit a roadblock and is on the verge of collapse and sought more time to save the deal and to hold negotiations with 3-4 other overseas buyers who are interested in hotels.
The bench, after going through the documents including the in principle master agreement with the potential buyer, observed that attempts have been made to finalise the deal and granted more time to hold consultations.
"We are of the view that the prayer for grant of 15-days time to finalise the sale of assets deserves to be granted," the bench said in its order.
Senior advocate S Ganesh, appearing for Roy, submitted that it may not feasible for the group to dispose of its Indian properties as the real estate prices have crashed down since June this year.
Moreover, the court's direction that they cannot be sold below market rate also comes in the way of their sale, he said.
He submitted that there have been huge protests outside the hotels after an International newspaper published a story that Sultan of Brunei is buying them.
A very serious problem has cropped up in the last few days after a newspaper report said Sultan of Brunei is buying the properties. It is a monumental setback and subsequent inalienable situation has hit us hard and the buyer developed cold feet, he said.
He said there have been very violent protests outside the hotels and the buyers are "reconsidering the deal which is now on the verge of being scrapped.
During the hearing, Solicitor General Ranjit Kumar told the bench that though he was not imputing any motive of any wrong doing, the so-called deals are being conducted in a closed room to which no information is known.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty ends the day with gains of 87 points at 8173Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty ends the day with gains of 87 points at 8173
Nifty ends the day with gains of 87 points at 8173
Post your opinion here
 
Strong trading session is what we saw today. A good start to the week. Big buying was seen in trade today and the Nifty ended at the high point of the day.
RELATED NEWS

Son in rape case: Railways Minister Sadananda Gowda invokes lawAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Mere equality not enough  main goal is social harmony: Narendra ModiPress Trust of India | News Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 7:03 pm
On Monday Prime Minister Narendra Modi lauded the contribution of reformers from Kerala like Dalit icon Ayyankali and Sree Narayana Guru and said merely achieving social justice was not enough but there should be social harmony between various sections.
“Mere equality will not do. We have to move a step forward. The final destination is harmony in society. For that we have to have a constantly awakened society.
“To achieve harmony, one has to move together with equality and love for all. We have to take the feeling of self upliftment and that of all coming together to achieve harmony.Till then, harmony in society cannot be achieved,” the Prime Minister said.
He was addressing the 152nd birth anniversary of Ayyankali at a function organised by the Kerala Pulayar Maha Sabha (KPMS) that represents the interests of the most oppressed Scheduled Caste community in Kerala. Sree Narayana Guru belonged to the backward Ezhava caste that has a dominant influence in Kerala politics.
BJP leaders from Kerala and Delhi were present on the dais. Modi’s emphasis on the contribution of Kerala social reformers from Dalit and backward castes assumes significance as the BJP is trying to trying to make inroads in the state where its vote percentage went up significantly from 6.4 per cent to 10.3 per cent in the Lok Sabha polls.
“While the efforts of social reformers like Ayyankali and Narayana Guru contributed in ending social discrimination in the pre-Independence era in the 19th century, we should be grateful to leaders like BR Ambedkar who ensured that a system is created to give everybody equal rights in society,” Modi said.
The Prime Minister said that the conference organised by Ayyankali in 1913 on the question of upliftment of Dalits was as much a turning point as Mahatma Gandhi’s Dandi March in 1930.
Modi emphasised that while the country may have achieved equality in terms of providing opportunities to Dalits, there was a need to achieve harmony.
“If we are stuck with only equality, it will not help. For harmony, we will have to make extra efforts,” he said.
Modi said that reformers like Ayyankali and Narayana Guru have contributed immensely towards the upliftment of backward community people in Kerala, where the divisions along social fault lines had also invited an angry reaction from Swami Vivekananda.
The Prime Minister said the coming time is that of a journey to social harmony and achieving that goal was the responsibility of all, politicians, social reformers, teachers, etc.
He also praised the efforts of Mahatma Gandhi and Raja Rammohan Roy towards bringing about social change.
If we are stuck with only equality, it will not help. For harmony, we will have to make extra efforts

Flood fury: Jammu back to normal  Kashmir remains affectedSep 08, 2014, 06.49 PM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
Flood fury: Jammu back to normal, Kashmir remains affected
The situation in flood ravaged Jammu and Kashmir continues to be critical and all efforts are being made to pull out all victims from this situation. Even though Jammu region is back to normalcy, the situation remains critical in Kashmir.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Flood fury: Jammu back to normal, Kashmir remains affected
The situation in flood ravaged Jammu and Kashmir continues to be critical and all efforts are being made to pull out all victims from this situation. Even though Jammu region is back to normalcy, the situation remains critical in Kashmir.
Post your opinion here
 
The situation in flood ravaged Jammu and Kashmir continues to be critical and all efforts are being made to pull out all victims from this situation. Even though Jammu region is back to normalcy, the situation remains critical in Kashmir.
Addressing the media, Lieutenant General DS Hooda of GOC 16 Corps, said, "We will continue operation Megh Rahat till every one is pulled out of this situation."
Floods continue to wreak havoc and have claimed over 150 lives while lakhs of people have been stranded. The Indian Navy too has now joined the massive rescue operation being carried out by the Indian Army, Indian Air Force, NDRF and Jammu and Kashmir Police.
About 70 per cent of Srinagar and South Kashmir is reeling under flood fury. "In Kashmir valley and South Kashmir the situation remains critical. Valley is cut off on both sides by road. Our focus is the rescue people stranded at their houses," said Hooda.
The rescue work has also picked up as rain stopped in last two days. "We are working with civil administration to restore water and electricity supply. We have moved engineers and water pumps," he added.
The Army has been working round the clock and have provided relief material to the people. "10,000 blankets and 3,000 tents have been provided by the Army. Food and water supply are being flown in from Pathankot and medical facilities are being flown in from Pathankot, Chandigarh and Delhi."
Seven more IAF aircraft have also been pressed into action. Many locals are still stranded on rooftops in Jammu as water level in some areas is as high as 6 to 7 feet. Communication lines are down, and there are power cuts in many parts of the valley.
However, there may be some ray of hope as the Met department has said that there will be no rains for the next three to five days. "There is no chance of rain in the state for the next 3 to 5 days, though the sky will remain cloudy," Met department Director BP Yadav said.
Helpline numbers:
New Delhi J&K House (011)-24611210 and 24611108
Srinagar-0194-2452138
Home Ministry Helpline: 011-23093054, 23092763, 23093564, 23092923, 23092885, 23093566, 23093563
RELATED NEWS

Oil Ministry yet to move Cabinet for diesel deregulationUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: As the fall in international oil rates brings domestic diesel retail price at par with cost, the Oil Ministry has not yet moved Cabinet for deregulation of the nation's most consumed fuel.
Under-recovery or the gap between retail selling price and the cost of imports, this month dipped to an all-time low of 8 paise a litre, helped by the monthly increases and softening in international oil rates.
"No, we haven't done that," Oil Secretary Saurabh Chandra said when asked if his ministry has moved the Cabinet for freeing diesel prices from government control and giving powers to state retailers to revise rates in line with cost.
The NDA government has continued with the previous UPA regime policy of raising diesel rates by up to 50 paise a litre every month to bridge the gap between cost and retail prices.
The NDA government has continued with the previous UPA regime policy of raising diesel rates by up to 50 paise a litre every month to bridge the gap between cost and retail prices.
He said the oil marketing companies review prices of diesel every month and will continue to follow the January 2013 policy of monthly increase.
Asked when the Ministry will approach Cabinet for diesel price deregulation, he said, "You will hear it when we do."
Originally, petrol and diesel prices were deregulated in April 2002 when NDA government was in power. Administered pricing regime, however, made a back-door entry towards the end of NDA regime in the first quarter of 2004.
Congress-led UPA controlled rates as international oil prices went through the roof. In June 2010, however, it freed petrol price from its control and rates have since them moved more or less in tandem with cost.
In January 2013, the UPA decided to deregulate diesel prices in stages through monthly 50 paise a litre increases.
Rates were last raised on August 31 after which losses have dipped.
Rates have cumulatively risen by Rs 11.81 per litre in 19 installments since January 2013.
Oil Ministry officials said once the under-recovery is eliminated, a proposal would be put to the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs for deregulation of diesel prices as was done for petrol.
Deregulation would empower state-owned oil firms to change rates in tandem with cost like they do for petrol.

Sadananda Gowda to pick up broom for Railway cleanliness drive on October 2Urgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: In a first of its kind massive cleanlines campaign, Railway Minister DV Sadananda Gowda will lead from the front by himself picking up the broom during the drive at rail premises on October 2 involving all its employees and top level officials.
"All our 13 lakh employees will be participating in cleanliness campaign at various stations on October 2. All our officers including Board Members and myself will be also participating in the cleanliness drive," Railway Minister Gowda said on Monday.
October 2 is Gandhi Jayanti and according to sources many ministries including Railways are planning to carry out cleanliness drive across the country to mark the day.
"All our 13 lakh employees will be participating in cleanliness campaign at various stations on October 2," said Gowda.
He said the drive will focus more on "shramdaan" (voluntary labour) rather than just awareness campaign and all senior officers of Board have been assigned various zones and divisions for participation and monitoring the campaign. Cleanliness is a major issue for railways as majority of the complaints are either related to unclean coaches and platforms or catering service.
"We have received a large number of complaints on cleanliness issues at stations and in trains. A series of steps have been taken to improve cleanliness and we have earmarked 40 per cent more fund allocations than the last year for this," he said.
He said a separate department for stations level to board level to keep up the cleanliness of stations and trains is being set up. "Currently multiple agencies are involved for maintaining cleanliness so we are creating a separate department exclusive for this."
He said till now 665 stations have been inspected and more stations will be covered to maintain cleanliness.
Referring to the problem of discharge of waste on rail track, Gowda said railways will install bio-toilets in all coaches to prevent it. "About 300 coaches have been fitted with bio-toilets and more will be equipped shortly," he said and added there is a plan to equip all trains in sector with bio-toilet so that entire route will have clean track.
On catering, Gowda said, "we have decided to bring a change because there are many complaints by passengers against catering service.
"Now we are offering three choices to passengers. He can order pre-cooked ready to eat food, or order food from a local food chain in the town the train is passing by or the food supplied by the caterer on the train," he said.
In order to ensure quality of food, railways will be conducting third party audit system. Also, an automated system of passenger feed back on food quality has been introduced. Gowda said, "Strict action has been taken against caterers against whom the complaints are found true. Already heavy fines up t o Rs 1 lakh have been imposed in a few case."

ONGC trying everything in book to speed up projectsBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 11:37 PM IST
ONGC to speed up exploration projects
Over the past decade, ONGC has seen oil and gas output from its field decline steadily
After drawing flak from various quarters for its slow pace of work, state-run Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) has decided to delegate decision-making powers to its officials in order to speed up its various exploration and production projects. Over the past decade, ONGC has seen oil and gas output from its field decline steadily.
During FY14, the company’s domestic oil and gas production was 45.03 million tonnes of oil equivalent (mtoe), the lowest in a decade. In 2005, production was 47.15 mtoe. ONGC’s scrip was up 2.78 per cent at Rs 454.80 on the BSE on the back of drop in crude oil prices and upgrade by Bank of America Merrill Lynch on a possible reworking in subsidy-sharing formula.
The company’s biggest project currently is Krishna Godavari-DWN-98/2, or KG D5, located in the Bay of Bengal. The project has been delayed by four years. It was to begin production this year, but it has now been pushed to 2018. “Our officials went to Kakinada to review the project and came up with a timeline of 2021 for production. This was not acceptable to us. We wanted to put it on production much sooner. It will be a challenge, but we said we want this to be produced by 2018,” said D K Sarraf, chairman and managing director, ONGC.
ONGC which was expecting a substantial gas output from the block said it will now produce oil too. The block is expected to see a peak production of up to 70,000-90,0000 barrels per day. This would be equivalent to nearly half of ONGC's biggest producing field-Bombay High. The block will see production of about 20-25 million standard cubic meters per day.
ONGC however, declined to divulge details on the reserves the block holds and the investment it would entail. Sarraf said the plans for the field are still at the drawing board would be submitted to the government in December 2014.
ONGC's KG D5 lies adjacent to Reliance Industries' KG D6. Early this year ONGC accused Reliance Industries (RIL) of gas "theft" worth Rs 30,000 crore from the its KG D5 block.
Sarraf, saying the matter was subjudice, declined to comment on the issue and any probable downward revision of the reserve base of the block due to the alleged theft.
ONGC, in which government would shortly divest 5% stake, said it is positive about the news on reduced subsidy burden. "Media reports suggest that our subsidy burden would come down. Total under-recovery for us could be around Rs 35,000 crore which we are quite comfortable with," added Sarraf.
ONGC had asked the government to address its subsidy issue before planning a stake sale. The government of India holds 69% stake in ONGC.
ONGC which also desires a higher gas price from its field said it has not asked the government for any gas price hike but said it has communicated to the government that cost of production form some of its fields will be higher than the existing fields. "Mahanadi will be much higher," Sarraf said without divulging the details.
 Advertisements

Former Presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton Announce New Scholarship ProgramSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
EXPLORE.org: Animal-Watch in Africa!
LIVE Aerials - Wildfire Spreads Near San Dimas,...
RADAR: Tornadoes Possible as Storms Target Midwest
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Suspicious Item  Sparks U.K. Airport Evacuationsuspicious item  sparks u.k. airport evacuation
Wall Street flat  but tech shares strongerGoldman Sachs recommends Kroger calls ahead of earnings
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kroger Co has been a strong performer in 2014, rising almost 31 percent year-to-date, but Goldman Sachs thinks investors are underestimating the grocery-store chain and recommends buying calls in the company ahead of its results.
Goldman analyst Stephen Grambling expects the company to raise its full-year profit outlook when it reports results on Sept. 11. His forecast for Kroger's earnings in the current quarter are also ahead of consensus expectations.

Why American history should begin with slaveryKellie Carter Jackson Assistant professor of history, CUNY
September 8, 2014
“Was slavery really that bad?”
This was by far the number one question I was asked after viewing Steve McQueen’s 12 Years a Slave. My response is always simple: “No, it was worse.”
So when the review of Edward Baptist’ s The Half Has Never Been Told: Slavery and the Making of American Capitalism debuted in the Economist (with no author byline in Economist style, transparency would at least inform us of the reviewer’s credentials), and referred to his work as failing to be an objective view of slavery because, “Almost all the blacks in his book are victims, almost all the whites villains,” the response was swift and fierce .
The reviewer remarked that Baptist:
“is not being especially contentious when he says that America owed much of its early growth to the foreign exchange, cheaper raw materials and expanding markets provided by a slave-produced commodity. But he overstates his case when he dismisses ‘the traditional explanations’ for America’s success: its individualistic culture, Puritanism, the lure of open land and high wages, Yankee ingenuity and government policies.”
Here, even I am confused. What is a “traditional explanation” for American success that does not involve exploitation? The “lure of open land” only expanded slavery westward . “High wages” in the north were all a part of an economy intensely complicit in manufacturing cotton textiles. It was Eli Whitney and his “Yankee ingenuity” that invented the cotton gin and “ government policies ” that insured slavery’s survival.
The review stands out as part of a larger problem among American history and slavery in general: the desire to see the past through rose-colored glasses. There is a particular kind of assessment that is often confused with patriotism, as a way of only showing America as its best hard-working self. Diminishing American slavery as some sort of necessary evil is not history, it’s advocacy and white supremacy of the worst kind.
We live in a country that often prefers to begin its narrative with New England and the Puritans fleeing religious persecution and following it up with the pseudo-romance of the “First Thanksgiving” rather than beginning with the rise of African slavery in the Chesapeake . It is no surprise or coincidence that four out of the first five US presidents were all slaveholders from Virginia. Yes, the story of America is one of intense work ethic, but mainly the work ethic of laboring slaves. Nothing in this country comes even remotely close to comparing to all of the profits gained by slave labor. The real issue is that history is not objective, it’s political. Where a story starts and ends is political. Language that defines winners and losers is political (i.e the Civil War or the War of Northern Aggression). In history, adjectives are political.
Let’s be honest, while the historian’s search for sources should be impartial, no one should go into an archive with blinders on. No one says, “Let’s look at the Holocaust objectively, Nazi Germany had a tremendously effective anti-smoking campaign.” Or “Let’s be objective, without South African Apartheid where would Nelson Mandela be?” It’s even akin to asking the woman who was raped, “Let’s be objective, what were you wearing?” This kind of thinking is a way of giving white supremacy the benefit of the doubt. While black people continually have to prove their pain or else they run the risk of not being objective such as in Ferguson . White Americans are bestowed with the privilege of never having to prove their empowerment by neglecting to tell the experiences of those who were at the expense of the power. There is a terrible tendency in this country to claim one is overreacting to white actions as villainous, but underreact to black pain as exaggerated.  For example, we overreact by continually linking black bodies to criminality and underreact to the problem of mass incarceration.
Unfortunately, reviews like the one published in the Economist are not new. One of the major critiques of 12 Years a Slave was that the film was seen as too violent , inflated even. However, the question that few people seemed to ask was not, why so much violence, but why this story? Why Solomon Northup? In Hollywood, the answer is simple. Because a story like Solomon, a free black man who is literate and talented, and hardworking, and married with children, and happened to meet the wrong people at the wrong time, somehow does not deserve to be enslaved. He was tricked! Yes, Solomon was a victim. His story, his narrative, makes it easy for white audiences to sympathize with a black man who in their mind assimilated and accommodated their notions of acceptableness. The sympathy is almost entirely placed upon Solomon’s plight and not the other four million African Americans enslaved. But make no mistake, if Solomon had say, stolen a box of cigars during his freedom, no one would care about his kidnapping. As for Patsey, she is not a victim. We simply look at her and then dismiss her because somehow, she was just born this way. This line of thinking is not only absurd, but reinforces the idea that while some black people should not be enslaved, others should be.
Nearly 100 years ago, American scholar and intellectual W.E.B Du Bois was also accused of being impartial in a field monopolized by white men. He once wrote, “One is astonished in the study of history at the recurrence of the idea that evil must be forgotten, distorted, skimmed over.” He noted that the difficulty with this philosophy was that “history loses its value as an incentive and example; it paints perfect men and noble nations, but it does not tell the truth.” I can only imagine that Edward Baptist and the story of The Half that Has Never Been Told was an attempt to tell the truth, that the success and wealth of this country cannot be disconnected from the institution of slavery. Shame on those who try.
You can follow Kellie on Twitter at @kcarterjackson . We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com . 
Share this:

KIFS Financial Services: Outcome of AGM (Clause 35A  Scrutinizer Report)KIFS Financial Services: Outcome of AGM (Clause 35A  Scrutinizer Report)
SP govt responsible for communal riots in UP: Kalraj MishraSP govt responsible for communal riots in UP: Kalraj Mishra
RBI allows foreign investors to hedge debt coupon receiptsRBI allows foreign investors to hedge debt coupon receipts
China s rare earth export jumps by 31 pc after WTO rulingChina s rare earth export jumps by 31 pc after WTO ruling
Mutual fund assets rise by 6 300 crore to Rs 10.12 lakh crore in AugustHi Guest
Mutual fund assets rise by 6,300 crore to Rs 10.12 lakh crore in August
The asset base had crossed the Rs 10 lakh crore mark for the first time in May, when the markets rose after Prime Minister Narendra Modi led BJP government came to power Reuters New Delhi: The asset base of mutual fund industry rose by more than Rs 6,300 ...

Jayshree Chemicals: Outcome of board MeetingSep 08, 2014, 07.30 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Jayshree Chemicals: Outcome of board Meeting
Jayshree Chemicals in its urgent meeting held on September 08, 2014, has approved sale of the Company's Chlor Alkali business, comprising of manufacturing facilities at Ganjam, Odisha and Salt Works in Andhra Pradesh to Aditya Birla Chemicals (India) Ltd.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Jayshree Chemicals: Outcome of board Meeting
Jayshree Chemicals in its urgent meeting held on September 08, 2014, has approved sale of the Company's Chlor Alkali business, comprising of manufacturing facilities at Ganjam, Odisha and Salt Works in Andhra Pradesh to Aditya Birla Chemicals (India) Ltd.
Post your opinion here
 
Jayshree Chemicals Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its urgent meeting held on September 08, 2014, has approved sale of the Company’s Chlor Alkali business, comprising of manufacturing facilities at Ganjam, Odisha and Salt Works in Andhra Pradesh to Aditya Birla Chemicals (India) Ltd for a cash consideration of Rs. 212 Crores (Rs. Two Hundred & Twelve Crores only). The transaction will be done by way of slump sale of the business undertaking and is subject to approvals of the shareholders of the Company and other necessary approvals of various Government Agencies.Source : BSE

Mayur Leather Products: Outcome of AGMSep 08, 2014, 07.30 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Mayur Leather Products: Outcome of AGM
Mayur Leather Products has informed that the 29th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 08, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mayur Leather Products: Outcome of AGM
Mayur Leather Products has informed that the 29th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 08, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Mayur Leather Products Ltd has informed BSE that the 29th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 08, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Teachers Turn to Crowdfunding for Suppliesteachers turn to crowdfunding for supplies
Apple to beef up security after leakApple to beef up security measures after nude photo leak
By Charles Riley and Jose Pagliery   @CNNTech September 5, 2014: 10:59 AM ET
 
Dark Web: Nudes traded like baseball cards
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Apple plans to roll out new security features in the coming weeks that are designed to counter the methods used in a mass theft of nude celebrity photos.
The company will use email and push notifications to alert users when someone tries to change an account password, restore cloud data on a new device, or connect an unfamiliar device to an existing Apple account.
Cook told The Journal that the new notifications would start in two weeks, and users would be empowered to take back the accounts immediately.
Apple also plans to widen its use of two-step authentication. That option, available on most email or file-sharing platforms, is a second, temporary password that usually arrives in the form of a text message.
Related story: Welcome to the Age of Hacks
Apple CEO Tim Cook explained the changes in an interview with The Wall Street Journal , his first public comments since private, nude photos of Jennifer Lawrence and other celebrities were leaked on the Internet. An Apple representative confirmed Cook's remarks to CNNMoney.
Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) has concluded hackers were able to force their way into the photo collections through phishing attempts, guessing passwords or figuring out answers to the celebrities' security questions.
Well-guarded systems only let users guess passwords a handful of times before blocking access. But until this week, Apple's iCloud service allowed people to guess passwords over and over again. It would never lock out. Eventually, hackers hit it right.
 
Here's what the cloud actually looks like
Apple assured the public the hackers did not break into the company's core computer systems, which house all of its users' data. So iCloud itself was not hacked.
What's wrong with iCloud? Although iCloud uses two-step authentication to keep hackers out of your account, there's currently a stupidly easy way around that.
Anyone can grab any Apple device, synchronize it with your iCloud account and download all of your private files. All it takes is your username and password. That sounds like a lot, but it's actually the very thing two-step authentication is meant to prevent. For iCloud, two-step authentication is currently useless.
That's why Cook is wrong to say the problem lies with users -- not Apple's system.
"When I step back from this terrible scenario that happened and say what more could we have done, I think about the awareness piece," he told The Journal. "I think we have a responsibility to ratchet that up. That's not really an engineering thing."
But the two-step authentication problem is exactly an engineering problem. Apple did not respond to CNNMoney's requests for comment about that point.

Why is the Mazda Miata so belovedWhy is the Mazda Miata so beloved?
Caption 2016 Mazda MX-5 Miata
Akio Kon / Bloomberg
Nobuhiro Yamamoto, program manager of the fourth-generation Roadster and chief engineer at Mazda Motor Corp., speaks during the unveiling of the MX-5 Miata sports car, officially known as the Roadster in Japan, in Urayasu Japan.
Nobuhiro Yamamoto, program manager of the fourth-generation Roadster and chief engineer at Mazda Motor Corp., speaks during the unveiling of the MX-5 Miata sports car, officially known as the Roadster in Japan, in Urayasu Japan. (Akio Kon / Bloomberg)
Caption 2016 Mazda MX-5 Miata
Mazda
Mazda's fourth-generation MX-5 Miata roadster will stick to the four-cylinder, rear-wheel-drive formula of its predecessors. The car sheds 220 pounds and shrinks three inches. It will make its North American debut at the L.A. Auto Show in Nov.
Mazda's fourth-generation MX-5 Miata roadster will stick to the four-cylinder, rear-wheel-drive formula of its predecessors. The car sheds 220 pounds and shrinks three inches. It will make its North American debut at the L.A. Auto Show in Nov. (Mazda)
Caption 2016 Mazda MX-5 Miata
Mazda
Mazda's fourth-generation MX-5 Miata roadster will stick to the four-cylinder, rear-wheel-drive formula of its predecessors. The car sheds 220 pounds and shrinks three inches. It will make its North American debut at the L.A. Auto Show in Nov.
Mazda's fourth-generation MX-5 Miata roadster will stick to the four-cylinder, rear-wheel-drive formula of its predecessors. The car sheds 220 pounds and shrinks three inches. It will make its North American debut at the L.A. Auto Show in Nov. (Mazda)
Caption 2016 Mazda MX-5 Miata
Mazda
Mazda's fourth-generation MX-5 Miata roadster will stick to the four-cylinder, rear-wheel-drive formula of its predecessors. The car sheds 220 pounds and shrinks three inches. It will make its North American debut at the L.A. Auto Show in Nov.
Mazda's fourth-generation MX-5 Miata roadster will stick to the four-cylinder, rear-wheel-drive formula of its predecessors. The car sheds 220 pounds and shrinks three inches. It will make its North American debut at the L.A. Auto Show in Nov. (Mazda)
Caption 2016 Mazda MX-5 Miata
Akio Kon / Bloomberg
The new Mazda MX-5 Miata sports car, officially known as the Roadster in Japan, is displayed at the vehicle's unveiling in Urayasu Japan.
The new Mazda MX-5 Miata sports car, officially known as the Roadster in Japan, is displayed at the vehicle's unveiling in Urayasu Japan. (Akio Kon / Bloomberg)

We are seeing traction growing for us  says Blackberry India MDAjita Shashidhar      Follow @AjitaShashidhar    Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 20:55 IST
Sunil Lalvani, Managing Director, BlackBerry India (Photo: Shekhar Ghosh)
BlackBerry is no longer the most sought after smartphone device, with more and more Indians migrating to competing brands. However, Sunil Lalvani, Managing Director, BlackBerry India, claims that the recent Z3 launch has been a huge success. In a conversation with Ajita Shashidhar, Lalvani talks about his company's four-pillar strategy and how the enterprise software business is becoming increasingly crucial for the company. Excerpts:
Q- BlackBerry is longer a smart phone-only company. Can you tell us about this shift in strategy?
A- When we first launched our smartphones  companies loved the fact that they could get lot of productivity by having their virtual office on their device. That was more than a decade ago and we built on that success over the years to continue extending services and software to the corporate sector and to enterprises. So, Blackberry has always been offering software and solutions to customers, be it corporate customers or professional users/consumers.
Over the last two years a lot of companies have adopted iOS and Android, so the terminology called BYOD (bring your own device) has become common. This has brought down their capital expenditure, as they don't have to buy devices and give to their employees. They allow employees to bring their own device but they enable the corporate e-mail. When you are accessing company information and data on your personal device, there comes in an element of security. So how does the company ensure that this data is not getting compromised? Many financial services companies, pharmaceutical, retail and FMCG companies rely on a lot of data. There is a lot of sensitive data that goes around in the corporate environment and employees are accessing that data irrespective of the device. That's where security comes in and that's where BlackBerry comes in. One of the biggest strengths of BlackBerry is that it is one of the most secured platforms.
As things stand today, our Bes10, the enterprise software solution, has received certification from independent third-party certification providers. For BB10 we have 45 independent certifications. That's a testimony to the fact that BlackBerry is a very secure platform. So, irrespective of an employee bringing an Android or iOS to work, we can secure and manage that data. This has become the big differentiator for us today and it constitutes a large chunk of the 60 per cent revenue that comes from services and software.
It has been very successful for us in the last one year, for the simple reason that as growth of Android devices increases, the security concerns within the work environment are also being raised. India had the highest malware and spyware attacks last year from an Internet perspective. Most of these came from mobile platforms. That's where we walk in and ask corporate houses to deploy Blackberry's Bes10 enterprise server, that takes care of iOS, Android and BlackBerry. By the year end we would be adding Windows to it as well. Our revenue model in that is the license fee, which is an annual fee which a customer pays us to secure his or her mobile infrastructure irrespective of these three platforms. That's our core strength and the big differentiator that we are driving in the market.
Q- Why is it that you haven't talked about this earlier? BlackBerry is known more for its smartphones.
A-This solution is something which we talk to corporate houses a lot, because at the end of the day both the employee and employer benefit from deploying a Bes10 server. The person deploying it is always the employer as he needs to secure the work environment. We have been talking about it actively, but our mode of talking is different. Instead of doing above-the-line activities around that, we are doing CIO round tables, we are participating in CEO forums to talk about while BYOD is a boon, it also poses certain security challenges. They unanimously agreed that while BYOD reduces capex it also exposes the company to security vulnerability. So, you won't find us putting out a TV commercial on this for the simple reason that people won't understand what we are talking about.
Q- Has the enterprise software business always been bigger than the devices business?
A- No, it wasn't always bigger. About three years back about 60 per cent of our revenue came from hardware devices and 40 per cent from enterprise software. One of the reasons is because three years ago we didn't have this particular software for Android and iOS, what we had was a software just to manage BB devices. We rolled out Bes10 only in February 2013. In little over a year we have seen more than 35,000 Bes10 server deployments globally. Bes10 has opened up a larger addressable opportunity.
Each Bes10 server can scale up to multiple users. One Bes server can scale up to 30,000 users. India is one of the key contributors to the growth of Bes 10. Last quarter we rolled out a licensing programme called EZ Pass, which will help you migrate your existing management tools to move to Bes10. The EZ Pass programme was started in March this year and in the first quarter alone we sold 1.2 million EZ Pass licenses. Again, India was a sizeable contributor to this. That showed  us there is a huge market for software. The beauty of this software is it bifurcates work and personal use. So, you can continue using Facebook, Twitter without any hindrance from the company and yet your work data stays under the control of the company.
Going forward, we would launching Bes 12, which will take care of iOS, Android, Blackberry and Windows. Bes 12 is backward compatible to existing BlackBerry devices. So, a customer doesn't have to throw away his or her infrastructure, its backward compatible, which means a lot of investment protection.
Q- Can you elaborate on your business model?
A- Our business model is built around four pillars, one of them being devices, the second is enterprise software, the third one is BBM (the messaging service) and the fourth is Internet of things.
The third pillar, BBM, started the revolution of instant messaging. The youth segment took it on very quickly. You had to be a BB user to communicate with each other. Now BBM is also available across platforms. We have more than 85 million active users of BBM globally who are using it across platforms. India again forms a sizeable chunk of this business.
There are multiple instant platforms there for you to choose. However, BBM has the unique advantage of running on a network controlled and managed by BlackBerry. We have a global network that spans across 175 countries and we respect your privacy. If I have your mobile number I can ping you on other platforms as your identity is your mobile number. You may choose not to stay in touch with me but you have no choice as your identity is your mobile number. With BBM, the PIN number of your device is your identity, if you don't share your PIN number with me, I can't reach out to you. That's the differentiator.
A CEO of a leading FMCG company once told me that he gets a lot of sales data which he shares with his team. All of them are exposed to all kinds of social media platforms, so what stops an user from taking his sales data and putting it on a social media platform and publishing it to competition. He was concerned. We have rolled out a service called BBM Protected. It is a service by which you and me can stay in touch over BBM and have our messaging completely encrypted into it. There will be no possibility of third-party intervention. It becomes a closed user group.
We launched BBM Protected last month. We have got a fantastic response. Our charges for this is $29.95 a year. It is a published price we have globally. That is the new avatar of messaging we are taking forward through BBM Protected.
We have a roadmap to take that beyond. We have a complete enterprise BBM suite offering targeted at corporates and we would monetise it.
Our fourth pillar is Internet of things. Blackberry acquired a company called QNX, which is an embedded real time operating software which goes into equipment. It could be anything that is mission critical. Top-end luxury cars, all of them use QNX-embedded software in their cars. Even medical equipment companies and air traffic control use QNX. Each one of these sectors is classified as mission critical sectors and requires high amount of efficiency and reliability. We have brought QNX into India. We are talking to healthcare, automotive, power and energy sectors to begin with.
Coming to devices, it is a key chunk of our focus as most people associate the brand with devices. We recently launched Z3, which we launched in partnership with Foxconn (out of Indonesia) and that helped us reduce our prices. Previously, all our devices were manufactured in the US. Z3 is launched at Rs 15,900 in India, so it actually helped us bring the cost down. The Z3 caters to the mid-market segment and Z30 is for the high-end market.
Q- How does QNX work?
A- Many times in the auto sector, companies recall their vehicles, that is because they get frequent complaints from consumers. QNX gives real-time updates back to the auto manufacturer and says this batch of cars is having a similar issue. The message that will come on the dashboard is 'please get your car checked for free at your closest service centre'. That's a wow customer experience.
Q- The BlackBerry devices are no longer as popular, and this has led to a drop in profitability. Do you see a revival?
A- That is one of the reason I am sharing the four-pillar strategy with you and how each one of these pillars significantly contributes to revenue. If you look at the last quarter results, Q1 in particular, our cash reserves grew significantly.
We have already seen a huge off-take of Z3. We have seen a virtual stock-out situation of Z3. It's been two months since launch and it continues to sell very well. Z3 was conceptualised with emerging markets in mind, so the feedback that has come in from users who have tried out other platforms is that battery life on many platforms is a big challenge, specially on full touch devices. We have taken that feedback and Z3 comes with a 2500 mAh battery, but the beauty of that is coupled with the operating system, processor and the battery gives you a fantastic full day plus battery life and that's what people are loving. We are finding a clear comeback of users who migrate away from BlackBerry. We are seeing the traction growing for us.
Q- But the focus as of today is much more on the enterprise software business?
A- It is. If you look at the market evolution in the last two years, today you have a smartphone being launched virtually every week. You also have Android One coming out which will bring down prices further. So, you have to choose where your strengths are. Everything that I talked to you about positions us in the mid to high-end segment. So how do we compare ourselves with a low-priced Chinese handset? We don't want to play in that low-margin, high-volume segment.

Rank Does Not Confer Privilege or Give Power; It Imposes Responsibilityreddit
Prior to global competition and a slower-moving business environment, stability was the norm of the time. Further, the ruling motto was: "If it ain't broke, don't fix it." Change occurred incrementally and infrequently.
The challenges we face today are different. A globalized economy is creating both more hazards and more opportunities for everyone. Companies are being forced to make dramatic improvements, not only to compete and prosper but also to merely survive. In turn, globalization is being driven by a broad and powerful set of forces associated with:
Rapid technological change
Domestic market maturation within more developed countries
Rapidly forming niche markets
No one is immune to these forces of our global market. So what does this mean for a progressive leader in a workplace responsible for driving change, delivering revenue and client value. Furthermore, a work place that embraces change and 'braces' itself for the new future.
Leaders have a big responsibility to generally care and drive accountability amongst their people. Let's look at some key areas where transformation is required for Sales Leaders to get 'cut through' in a very competitive and opportunistic market.
Significant change is not easy, however the possibilities of taking small steps with a sense of urgency and a planned orchestrated approach can mean the difference between executing on successful change and creating an utter failure.
I have studied and implemented the work of John P. Kotter who was the Konosuke Matsushita Professor of Leadership at Harvard Business School in Boston, around Leading Change and why transformation efforts fail:
He outlines 8 errors:
Not establishing a Great Enough Sense of Urgency
Not Creating a Powerful Enough Guiding Coalition
Lacking Vision
Undercommunicating the Vision by a factor of Ten
Not removing obstacles to the new vision
Not systematically Planning for, and creating Short-Term Wins
Declaring Victory too soon
Not anchoring changes in the corporate culture
Leaders who are no doubt faced with overwhelming change and complexity should feel encouraged to embrace and follow a step-by-step approach. Successful execution of a thoughtful, purposeful and an outcome driven approach will help leaders make a start and significantly simplify efforts, rather than stalling, by experiencing a feeling of being 'paralyzed' by what could be a daunting undertaking.
Follow Avril Brikkels on Twitter: www.twitter.com/brikkelsandco
More:

Dad s Photo Shoot With The New Baby Takes A Very Unexpected Turnreddit
It might not be the last time this baby poops on his pop, but it will probably be the most memorable.
Al Ferguson, a 26-year-old blogger from Kent, England, was cradling newborn Ted during a photo shoot recently when the unswathed bundle of joy squirted "number two" all over Daddy's arm.
Ted's sleepy bliss and his dad's reaction are priceless.
(Story continues below.)
Photo by Kirsty Grant/Rex/REX USA (2369451b)
"It brings me great joy to unveil to you all THE best newborn baby picture ever taken ," the elder Ferguson wrote at The Dad Network.
The Internet evidently agreed. Ferguson noted that after he gave an interview for "Today," the image (shot by Kirsty Grant) became a viral sensation .
"It happened within a second,” Ferguson said of the incident in the photo, per "Today." “As I felt his stomach tense, in the back of your head you know he’s about to go poo, and then before you know it … he’s doing it.”
That's one poop for posterity, kid.
More:

Toronto s Brilliant Anti-Littering AdsThis article originally appeared in Business Insider.
Livegreen Toronto is rolling out an advertising campaign that has everyone talking right now. They're trying to stop people from littering on the streets.
Advertisement
The thing is, they're being really abrasive about it.
Check out the images,  posted on Imgur , they're using to stop people from throwing trash all over the streets.
Imgur

Heads Obama loses  tails his rivals winSeptember 7, 2014 6:54 pm
For Barack Obama, it is heads he loses, tails his rivals win
By Edward Luce
The less visible the president is, the better are his party’s odds of retaining control of the Senate
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/43ff215a-3427-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Politico executive editor resigns  citing disagreement over strategyPolitico John F. Harris
Politico executive editor is out: Rick Berke resigns less than a year after being hired
Less than a year into the job, Politico Executive Editor Rick Berke has resigned from the news website because he and the site’s co-founders couldn’t agree on strategy, according to internal memos sent Sunday.
Neither of the two memos specified the points of contention. 
I saw a clear path to help them take Politico to the next level. - Rick Berke, who resigned as executive editor
“We simply had different visions for running the Politico newsroom,” the co-founders, Chief Executive Jim VandeHei and Editor in Chief John Harris, said in a memo to staff. “A vibrant and growing publication must have a leadership team that is fully in sync on its mission and how to achieve it.”
They cited plans for expansion, a new digital strategy and “a sharper focus” on dominating coverage of national politics and policy. The memo also hints at a coming leadership shuffle and “some big new hires.”

2014 HARVEY AWARDS: Broadway producer’s ‘Fifth Beatle’ yields ‘humbling’ twin wins [+FULL WINNERS LIST]By Michael Cavna September 7 Follow @comicriffs
 
GROWING UP, Vivek Tiwary didn’t just want to meet comics creators. Standing there in the autograph line, Tiwary wanted one day to become a comics creator.
On Saturday night in Baltimore, in a roomful of cartoonists, he achieved another milestone in having arrived at that very dream.
“The Fifth Beatle ” has won Harvey and Eisner awards this summer. (Dark Horse)
At this weekend’s Harvey Awards banquet, hosted by Baltimore Comic-Con at the Hyatt Regency, Tiwary’s graphic novel, “The Fifth Beatle: The Brian Epstein Story” (M Press/Dark Horse), won two honors: Best Original Graphic Album and Best Biographical, Historical or Journalistic Presentation.
This was, Tiwary tells The Post’s Comic Riffs, “a happy and humbling experience for me to win two awards chosen by the creative community.”
In expressing his gratitude, Tiwary – who is also a Tony-winning producer – shares his own origin story involving comics.
“When I was a kid growing up in New York City, I was obsessed with comics,” Tiwary tells Comic Riffs the day after his special night. “I attended every convention I could get to, and I would wait on line to meet the creators. The creators were people I looked up to for inspiration and for aspiration. …
“I wanted nothing more than to be a comic creator.”
A decade ago, Tiwary began making his mark in theater, co-producing a Broadway revival of “A Raisin in the Sun” (which yielded Tony Awards for Phylicia Rashad and Audra McDonald, among its four nods). And in April of 2010, he unveiled two stage productions that reflected his interests in both cartoon-inspired work ( “The Addams Family,” starring Nathan Lane and Bebe Neuwirth) and pop music (the Tony-nominated musical “American Idiot” ). But as a producer, he especially had a passion to tell the story of one of rock’s most visionary entertainment managers: Brian Epstein.
Now, nearly a year after publishing his passion project of a graphic novel – beautifully illustrated by Andrew C. Robinson and Kyle Baker – Tiwary basked in the feeling of having arrived within this realm, just weeks after “The Fifth Beatle” won an Eisner Award for Best Reality-Based Work.
“To find myself in a room where I could call these folks my fellow creators — and to have [them] welcome me into their gang and to acknowledge me with that award — was really a complete dream come true for me,” Tiwary tells Comic Riffs, one week after he spoke about his book and planned “Fifth Beatle” movie at the National Book Festival .
Tiwary says he accepts the award on behalf of “all my fellow creators” – those who “came before me and inspired me along the way.”
The graphic novelist also tells The Post that the Harvey Award bookends will serve as “encouragement to keep going.”
Promised Tiwary: “You’re going to be hearing more from me in comics soon.”
As for now, to spin the phrase of John Lennon, Tiwary the comics creator has certainly passed the audition.
Other multiple-award winners Saturday included SAGA (Image), including dual wins for artist Fiona Staples; Sex Criminals (Image); Adventure Time (kaBOOM!); and “Best of Comix Book: When Marvel Comics Went Underground” (Kitchen Sink/Dark Horse).
Here is the full list of 2014 Harvey Award winners:

Electrolux buys GE’s appliances armLast updated: September 8, 2014 3:30 pm
Electrolux to buy General Electric’s appliance arm for $3.3bn
By Richard Milne, Nordic Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c3819660-371f-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US Pay Likely to StagnateAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Jayalalithaa files defamation case against Subramanian SwamyUpdated: September 8, 2014 19:47 IST
Fishermen issue
Jayalalithaa files defamation case against Subramanian Swamy
PTI
The Hindu A file photo of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa.
TOPICS
politics
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa on Monday filed a defamation case against BJP leader Subramanian Swamy in a city court over his remarks related to the issue of State fishermen being detained by Sri Lanka.
The petition filed by City Public Prosecutor M.L. Jagan on behalf of the Chief Minister in the Principal Sessions Judge Court contended that Mr. Swamy’s remarks were defamatory.
Ms. Jayalalithaa also filed defamation case against the Editor and Publisher of the daily “Dinamalar” for publishing Mr. Swamy’s remarks.

Scots who dally with separatists invite bitternessSeptember 7, 2014 7:29 pm
Scots who dally with separatists invite a bitter divorce
By George Robertson
A Yes vote would mutilate his country, this Englishman complained – yet he had no say
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2f041834-351a-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SAT stays SEBI penalty on Satyams Raju  4 others; upholds banSAT stays SEBI penalty on Satyam’s Raju, 4 others; upholds ban
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 8:  
The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) today stayed the Rs 1,849-crore penalty that SEBI had slapped on the founder-chairman of Satyam, B Ramalinga Raju and four others, but upheld a ban on them from accessing the markets.
The tribunal posted the matter for further hearing in December, when it will decide whether to admit the pleas of the Raju brothers and others against SEBI order.
The tribunal asked SEBI to explain why such a large amount was imposed as part of a disgorgement order and to file an affidavit stating its position by November 7. The tribunal also asked Raju and four others named in the scam to file counter-affidavits by December 15.
The four others facing the prohibitory orders are Raju’s brother B Rama Raju (the then managing director of Satyam), Vadlamani Srinivas (ex-chief financial officer), G Ramakrishna (ex-vice president) and VS Prabhakara Gupta (ex-head of internal audit).
Following the SEBI order, the Raju brothers had moved the SAT last Friday.
The SEBI on July 15 this year barred Ramalinga Raju and the four others from accessing the market for 14 years and asked them to return Rs 1,849 crore in unlawful gains with 12 per cent interest, in total a disgorgement amount of over Rs 3,000 crore.
The SEBI asked them to pay up within 45 days of the order, closing five-and-a-half year long probe into the country’s biggest corporate fraud.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Thousands of Gazans living in schoolsPalestinian children play outside a U.N. school in Gaza City where they live after their houses were destroyed by Israeli strikes. ( Source: AP )
AP | Gaza City | Posted: September 8, 2014 7:10 pm
Thousands of Palestinians in the Gaza Strip are still living in schools where they took refuge during seven weeks of fighting between Hamas and Israel that ended late last month. Israeli airstrikes have left much of the territory in ruins, and thousands of homes have been destroyed or severely damaged.
Reconstruction has yet to begin as a blockade imposed by Egypt and Israel on Gaza still holds, severely restricting the import of cement and other building materials. Israel fears militants could use such materials to build rockets and reinforce cross-border attack tunnels.
With a population of 1.8 million people, Gaza is a densely populated coastal strip of urban warrens and agricultural land that still bears the scars of previous rounds of fighting. The Islamic militant group Hamas seized power in the territory in 2007.
Rebuilding Gaza will take years, and some Palestinian officials say it could cost in excess of $6 billion. In one school in Gaza City, visited by The Associated Press, children played in a courtyard surrounded by classrooms now framed with hanging bedding and laundry.
With nearly 100,000 Palestinians in Gaza having no home to go back to, the U.N.-run schools are still housing thousands just one week before the school year is scheduled to begin, posing a challenge to authorities.

SAT stays Sebi penalty on Satyam s Raju  4 o...You are here: Home > Collections > Sebi
Securities Appellate Tribunal stays Sebi penalty on Satyam's B Ramalinga Raju, 4 others; upholds ban
PTI Sep 9, 2014, 02.40AM IST
Tags:
Insurability
(The tribunal posted matter…)
MUMBAI: The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) on Monday stayed the Rs 1,849-crore penalty that Sebi had slapped on the founder-chairman of Satyam, B Ramalinga Raju and four others, but upheld a ban on them from accessing the markets .
The tribunal posted the matter for further hearing in December, when it will decide whether to admit the pleas of the Raju brothers and others against Sebi order.
The tribunal asked Sebi to explain why such a large amount was imposed as part of a disgorgement order and to file an affidavit stating its position by November 7. The tribunal also asked Raju and four others named in the scam to file counter-affidavits by December 15.
The four others facing the prohibitory orders are Raju's brother B Rama Raju (the then managing director of Satyam), Vadlamani Srinivas (ex-chief financial officer), G Ramakrishna (ex-vice president) and VS Prabhakara Gupta (ex-head of internal audit). Following the Sebi order, the Raju brothers had moved the SAT last Friday.
Sebi on July 15 this year barred Ramalinga Raju and the four others from accessing the market for 14 years and asked them to return Rs 1,849 crore in unlawful gains with 12 per cent interest, in total a disgorgement amount of over Rs 3,000 crore.
Sebi asked them to pay up within 45 days of the order, closing five-and-a-half year long probe into the country's biggest corporate fraud.
In its 65-page order, Sebi said these five persons "have committed a sophisticated white collar financial fraud with premeditated and well thought of plan and deliberate design for personal gains and to the detriment of Satyam and investors in its securities".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Micromax eyes new revenue streams; services on radarSounak Mitra |  New Delhi Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 12:43 AM IST
Micromax set to enter services biz
Through the next few years, Micromax would tap services in the areas of education, health and security, through partnerships
To ensure alternative revenue streams are in place, home-grown handset maker Micromax is set to venture into the services business. Through the next few years, the company would tap services in the areas of education, health and security, through partnerships, said chief executive Vineet Taneja.
“It will take time. We don’t see doing anything within the next two to three quarters. But it is true we are seriously exploring this area. This is part of our strategy to create new revenue streams. However, hardware will remain the primary revenue contributor through the next few years,” he added.
As a business segment, services will take time to shape up. Also, it would depend on alliances with the government, as well as with other vendors, said Taneja. “We’ll only get into those services that require extensive hardware integration, not look at the segment as just an application provider. Payments, as a service segment, might be looked at, but that will require robust partnerships.”
Global handset majors such as BlackBerry and Nokia had entered the services segment a few years ago. BlackBerry, for which hardware accounted for about 60 per cent of the revenue a couple of years ago, now earns about 39 per cent revenue from hardware, 54 per cent from services and seven per cent from software and other sources.
Micromax, which also sells televisions under its brand name, is working on wearable devices and accessories, too. Through the next two to three quarters, the company will boost its presence in the accessories segment. “It is too early for wearable devices. However, we are looking at the integration of wearables and accessories. Accessories are beyond covers and audio extensions. The ecosystem is changing fast. There’ll be surprises for the consumers in the coming quarters,” Taneja said.
He added the company’s strategy was simple: listening to its consumers and surprising them often, but not confusing them. He added Micromax was always a mass brand and would continue to be so. “We don’t dream to become a luxury brand,” said Taneja, who earlier had stints at Samsung and Nokia.
Cheap products alone wasn’t the answer, Taneja said, adding value was what helped device makers to retain consumers. Through the past couple of quarters, the average price of Micromax products has risen about 10 per cent. Micromax, which launched a five-inch octa-core smartphone, the Canvas Nitro A310, priced at Rs 12,990, on Monday, will focus on smartphones priced between Rs 10,000 and Rs 15,000, as well as the fast-growing tablets segment, in the near future.
The company is also betting big on its international business. It has already established presence in neighbouring Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and Nepal. The company also has operations in Russia, which it hopes will push an entry into eastern Europe, where the handset business is retail-dominated, as is the case in India. Markets such as Romania, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Slovakia, and African countries, are on the company’s radar.
“We’ll continue to explore entry across all developing markets,” said Taneja. It might also consider countries such as Indonesia, Malaysia and Vietnam. “One strategy does not fit all; consumer behaviour in every country is different,” Taneja added.
The company will continue to import devices from China. It might also consider assembling in India. “The scope for value-addition here is very limited, even today,” said Taneja.
 Advertisements

Indian cement makers top the valuation chartKrishna Kant |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 10:49 PM IST
Indian cement companies top global valuation chart
Shree Cement is now the world's most expensive cement maker followed by Ultratech Cement
Indian cement makers are now the costliest in the world, with a price-to-earnings multiple nearly double that of their global peers and four times that of top Chinese cement makers. Currently, India’s cement makers are trading at about 33 times their net profits for the last four quarters, against the global average of 16.5 and 7.4 for Chinese companies. These cement makers also top the charts for the ratio of price to book value. At current share prices, these companies are valued at 3.7 times their book value, or net worth. The corresponding ratios for their global and Chinese peers are 1.2 and one, respectively, according to Bloomberg data.
This analysis is based on data for the top 30 listed cement companies---10 each from India, China and the rest of the world. The companies in this sample reported combined revenue of $169 billion and a net profit of $11 billion for the year ended June this year. In terms of revenue, these companies account for about two-thirds the global cement market, estimated at $234.6 billion in 2013, according to data from market research firm Transparency Market Research.
Many see further upsides in cement stocks. “Cement makers are likely to report strong earnings growth from the second half of this financial year and this will more-than-make-up for the current high valuations,” says Sanjay Singh, cement analyst at Centrum Broking. Among companies, the Shree Cement stock is the world’s most expensive cement counter, valued at 38 times its trailing 12-month net profit and more than six times its latest net worth. Shree Cement is followed by Ultratech Cement, trading at 33 times its trading earnings and 4.3 times its latest net worth.
By comparison, Lafarge SA, the world’s largest cement maker excluding China, is currently trading at 22.3 times its trailing earnings and on a par with its net worth. It peer Holcim is trading at 15.7 times its trailing earnings and 1.2 times its latest net worth.
The valuations are lower in China, the world’s largest cement market. In that country, the top cement maker by capacity, Anhui Conch, is trading at eight times its trailing annual net profit and 1.7 times its net worth. China National Building Material Company, the world’s second-largest building material supplier by revenue (after Holcim) is valued at just 3.6 times its trailing earnings; it is trading at a discount to its net worth.
Chinese companies are trading at a discount despite reporting some the best financial ratios in the sector. These companies reported an operating margin of 21.7 per cent, against 17.6 per cent in India and 17.1 per cent elsewhere. Also, they top the charts for return on equity, at 15 per cent, against 11.1 per cent for Indian companies and 5.3 per cent for others.
Brushing aside any fear of a bubble in cement stocks, analysts point to the growth opportunity. “Right now, valuations aren’t stretched. Earnings are at their low point in the cycle and if GDP (gross domestic product) growth and infrastructure investment takes off, there will be a dramatic surge in their earnings. This has led to a re-rating,” says Jinesh Gandhi, cement analyst at Motilal Oswal Securities.
Others say cement stocks have become a proxy for the infrastructure and real estate sectors, just as Bhel was a proxy for the power sector in the previous bull-run. “As there are few quality stocks in real estate and infrastructure, investors are piling on cement stocks to take advantage of the new government’s focus on these two sectors. This gives top cement makers some scarcity premium, leading to higher price multiples,” says Devang Mehta, senior vice-president and head (equity sales) at Anand Rathi Financial Services.
This is clear in the increasing heft of Indian cement makers in the global league table. Now, Indian cement makers account for 17.2 per cent of the entire sample with combined market capitalisation of $184 billion, nearly three times their revenue share and more than twice their profit share. By contrast, Chinese cement makers account for a fifth of the market cap, despite 28.2 per cent revenue share and 45 per cent share in net profits. At this rate, Indian cement makers might soon surpass their Chinese peers in terms of market capitalisation.
 Advertisements

Micromax launches Canvas Nitro A310 octa-core Android KitKat smartphonePrint
Micromax Canvas Nitro A310 houses a 1.7 GHz true octa-core Mediatek processor, 2 GB RAM, 13 MP rear camera and competes directly with Moto G (2nd Gen) and Xiaomi Mi3.
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 7:25 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 9:57 pm
Micromax has launched its Canvas Nitro A310 in India. Priced at Rs. 12,990, the company has tried to deliver a premium looking smartphone with a leather-like finish at the back. But the faux-leather back may not impress everyone. The rest of the device looks like any other Micromax smartphone and is available in two colour options- white and blue (dark).
The Micromax Canvas Nitro A310 is exclusively available at Snapdeal only.
The Canvas Nitro A310 competes directly with the newly launched Moto G (2nd Gen) and also with the Xiaomi Mi3 smartphone which has been discontinued for a while. Micromax CEO Vineet Taneja particular hinted at Xiaomi by mentioning it as a Chinese company.
Micromax Canvas Nitro A310 houses a 1.7 GHz true octa-core Mediatek (MTK MT6592) processor along with Mali 450 GPU and 2 GB RAM. The device scored 28374 on AnTuTu Benchmark and ranked below Xiaomi Mi3 which scored 38817. However, users shouldn’t find any difficulties while multitasking or running large apps.
Running on Android 4.4 KitKat operating system, the device sports a 5-inch HD IPS display at a resolution of 720×1280 pixels (not full HD). The screen comes with oleophobic coating which will make the it smudge-proof. Micromax demonstrated it by putting oil on the screen and it actually worked. Micromax could have used a full HD display but having said that the display is quite sharp with a density of 320 ppi. The UI is mostly mostly stock Android with minor tweaks.
Rear camera test: The device produced decent results.
The Canvas Nitro A310 comes with 8 GB of internal storage out of which around 5 GB is available. The memory can be further expanded up to 32 GB via microSD card.
The device sports a 13 MP rear camera along with a 5 MP front camera and is powered by a 2500 mAh battery. Other camera features include Live Photo (Image plus sound) and multi angle view mode which allow users to shoot images in 180 degrees. The front camera features a selfie option which has a timer.
Key specs
5-inch HD IPS display720x1280 pixels at 320 ppi
Android 4.4 KitKat operating system
1.7 GHz true octa-core Mediatek (MTK MT6592) processor
Mali 450 GPU
8 GB of internal storage (5.6 GB available), expandable up to 32 GB
13 MP rear camera, 5 MP front camera
2500 mAh battery
Stay tuned to this space to read a detailed review of the Micromax Canvas Nitro A310. Meanwhile, got queries? Free feel to ask them at the comment section below.

Wall Street edges lower after 5th straight weekly gainYou are here: Home > Collections
Wall Street edges lower after 5th straight weekly gain
Reuters Sep 8, 2014, 07.19PM IST
Tags:
Dow Jones
(US stocks opened slightly…)
NEW YORK: US stocks opened slightly lower on Monday, with the S&P holding near its most recent record high on the heels of its fifth straight weekly advance.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 21.77 points or 0.13 per cent, to 17,115.59, the S&P 500 lost 2.84 points or 0.14 per cent, to 2,004.87 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 1.39 points or 0.03 per cent, to 4,581.51.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Reserve Bank of India allows foreign investors to hedge debt coupon receiptsYou are here: Home > Collections > Currency
Reserve Bank of India allows foreign investors to hedge debt coupon receipts
Reuters Sep 8, 2014, 07.25PM IST
Tags:
Account
(Earlier, foreign investors…)
MUMBAI: The Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) extended the currency risk-hedging facility for foreign portfolio investors to the coupon receipts of their investments in debt securities due in the next 12 months.
However, such hedged contracts will not be eligible for rebooking on cancellation, but can be rolled over on maturity, provided the relative coupon amount is yet to be received, the central bank said on Monday.
Earlier, foreign investors were allowed to hedge their currency risk on the market value of entire investments in equity and/or debt on a particular date subject to conditions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Five stocks that could return upto 16%(Immediate support for the…)
By Mitesh Thacker
After making record highs of 8141, the Nifty consolidated at higher levels last week. The sustained weekly gap-up closing indicates an extension of the current bull run.
Immediate support for the Nifty is placed around 8048 / 8000 levels, which are its swing lows / psychological levels, followed by 7968 (weekly gap). The Nifty holds an important support at 7968 levels.
Till it continues to hold above these levels, the trend is likely to remain sideways to positive, whereas on the upside, buying strength will emerge in the market above 8130 levels on a sustained basis and can see more momentum towards 8200 - 8220 levels.
Caution is advised below 7968 levels. The market will be in a stock and sector-specific mode.
Here is a list of top five stocks to buy which can give a return of up to 16% in the next 5-8 days:
Oil India Ltd: BUY for a target of Rs 700/750
On the monthly price chart, OIL registered swing breakout and closed at multi-year highs. Last week prices closed above the key level of 630. Immediate target for the above-mentioned breakout is placed at 697 / 736 / 790, achievable in the coming few weeks. The momentum indicators are pointing upward.
Coal India Ltd: BUY for a target of Rs 380/394.30
The share price of Coal India was trading in a sideway range of 373 on the upside and 320 on the downside. Prices are finding support from its near-term moving averages and averages are trading in a bullish zone.
Price will gain momentum once it sustains above 374 and the momentum indicators are also rising.
Power Grid Ltd; BUY for a target of Rs 140/145
The share price was trading in an intermediate downtrend. Prices have taken support from the long-term moving average. On the weekly chart the price formed a bullish engulfing candlestick pattern. Traders should note that the bullish engulfing pattern is a trend reversal pattern, indicating resumption of an uptrend. They can buy the stock at current levels and on dips.
ONGC: BUY for a target of Rs 460/470
ONGC had registered Flag breakout on a daily chart, on the back of rising volumes. The Flag breakout suggests continuation of the current up trend. Prices are sustaining well above their near term moving averages, indicating steady up move. Going forward, prices can head towards 468 / 475 levels. The momentum indicators are also pointing upward.
Hexaware Technologies Ltd: BUY for a target of Rs 176/182
The daily price chart was trading sideways for the past couple of weeks. On Friday the prices registered breakout from upward sloping channel. On the daily chart prices were sustaining well above their near-term moving average and the momentum indicators were also rising.
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analyst's own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

US Indexes Slip; Yahoo Gains on Alibaba IPOYour age at the time of marriage:
Current combined number of years of post-high school education:
Number of children from this marriage:
How religious are you as a couple from 1 to 10 (with 10 being the Pope):
Combined number of divorces between both of your parents:
Combined number of marriages between you and spouse:
Number of years you want to know if you'll still be married (Will I be married 10 years from now, 20 years from now, etc.)
Related Topics: Good Morning America , Education
Join the Discussion
You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer. Please click here to upgrade your browser in order to comment.

Scottish independence is a real possibility  and the markets are spookedBorders
September 8, 2014
British financial markets are unsettled at the prospect of Scotland voting for independence next week . After one poll this weekend put the “Yes” (to independence) camp ahead for the first time , the pound sold off sharply.
Sterling is down by around 1% against the dollar so far today, a huge move in the $470-billion-per-day market for swapping pounds and dollars. It’s not hard to attribute some of the decline to the gains made by the pro-independence camp in the polls:
Share
Tap image to zoom
The shares of big banks and other financial firms based in Scotland, or with significant Scottish operations, are also falling .
Why do investors fear an independent Scotland? It’s mostly down to the well-worn mantra that “markets hate uncertainty.” Huge questions remain unanswered about what currency an independent Scotland would use, how existing debts would be divvied up between Scotland and the rest of the UK, and much else besides.
The upheaval from big banks and others moving their headquarters south—in order to benefit from the safety of London’s bigger buffers—and oil revenues remaining up north seems certain to impose costs on what’s left of the UK.
Poll watchers are urging caution when interpreting the latest surveys, but nobody denies that the momentum is clearly with the pro-independence campaign. Economically speaking, will an independent Scotland be “ Spain without the sunshine “? Will its yawning budget deficit almost immediately trigger an IMF bailout ? Will the Russians invade ?
The “Yes” camp has successfully batted away these worries, emphasizing the long-term gain of independence over any short-term pain. This “ positive vision ” is winning over voters who are turned off by the perceived fear-mongering of the “No” campaign. A series of concessions hastily hatched by the government in Westminster—the Great Scots Giveaway , in the tabloid argot—could either win back some of these wavering voters, or bolster the pro-independence cause in the face of what looks like desperation in London.
The only thing for certain is that it will be a very close vote on Sept. 18. In the meantime, investors would rather sell up and sit it out on the sidelines.

Eastern Sugar Industries  board meeting on Sept 16  2014Eastern Sugar Industries  board meeting on Sept 16  2014
Showtime for Apple: Big phones  smart watches and high expectationsHi Guest
Showtime for Apple: Big phones, smart watches and high expectations
Has Steve Jobs' handpicked successor inherited the magic touch or is Apple's winning streak coming to an end?  Tim Cook, Apple CEO. Photograph: Rick Wilking/Reuters It has been four years since Apple Inc introduced a completely new gadget and the pressure is on for the world's largest tech company to wow at its "special event" in Cupertino, California, on Tuesday. Apple has fed the high expectations, with promises by executives that the company's best product pipeline in 25 years is being ...

Foreign policy and diplomacy related but different  says SushmaForeign policy and diplomacy related but different  says Sushma
SC grants Subrata Roy 15 more days for hotels  saleSC grants Subrata Roy 15 more days for hotels  sale
Mary Barra: GM likely done with recallsBarra: GM likely done with recalls on older vehicles
By Chris Isidore  @CNNMoney September 8, 2014: 8:49 AM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
General Motors is likely done with the flood of recalls on its older vehicles.
In an interview with CNBC, CEO Mary Barra said the company will continue to look at evidence of problems with older models as they crop up, but that the automaker believes it has now addressed most of those problems.
"I think as we look to the past, we are substantially complete," she said. "If we find issues, we will address [them], but the most important thing we are doing is...making sure we create defect-free vehicles as we move forward."
A flood of recalls on older models earlier this year has resulted in GM ( GM ) recalling a record 29 million vehicles so far in 2014. About two-thirds of the vehicle recalls were on models that GM no longer makes.
After announcing 65 separate recalls in just over the first seven months of the year, GM has not announced any new recalls in the past month.
Barra also said dealers should soon have all the parts they need to repair the 2.6 million cars included in its highest-profile recall, the ignition switch problems tied to at least 13 deaths.
 
Automakers set recall record in 2014
The repairs on those cars were delayed by the lack of available parts earlier this year. She said it is stepping up efforts to notify owners of those cars that the parts are available and they should bring them in for repairs.
GM has admitted that it employees knew about problems with the ignition switch, which can cause the car to turn off while driving, for about a decade before recalls started earlier this year.
It has set up a compensation fund to pay victims of the crashes that occurred along with their families. It said it expects the fund will pay out between $400 million to $600 million to victims . There are also likely to be more than 13 deaths tied to the recall. The fund received 100 death claims in the first month it was accepting claims from victims and family members.
It also faces civil lawsuits tied to the recall and the possibility of criminal charges. The Justice Department, 45 state attorneys general, the SEC and Transport Canada are all conducting probes of the delayed recall.
First Published: September 8, 2014: 8:49 AM ET
Join the Conversation

Dabur India s consider interim dividendSep 08, 2014, 07.30 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Dabur India's consider interim dividend
Dabur India's board meeting will be held on September 15, 2014, to consider the declaration of interim dividend on the equity shares of the Company for the Financial Year 2014-15. Further, in terms of provisions of SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 1992, the
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dabur India's consider interim dividend
Dabur India's board meeting will be held on September 15, 2014, to consider the declaration of interim dividend on the equity shares of the Company for the Financial Year 2014-15. Further, in terms of provisions of SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 1992, the
Post your opinion here
 
Dabur India Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 15, 2014, inter alia, to consider the declaration of interim dividend on the equity shares of the Company for the Financial Year 2014-15.Further, in terms of provisions of SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 1992, the "Trading Window" for trading in the equity share of the Company shall remain closed from September 09, 2014 to September 16, 2014 (both days inclusive).Source : BSE

Energy shares fall with oil  lead S&P 500 declinesNPS soars after preliminary review from FDA
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
Pharmaceutical Industry Food and Drug Administration
NEW YORK (Reuters) - NPS Pharmaceuticals Inc  rose sharply in premarket trading on Wednesday, after a preliminary review by the Food and Drug Administration said the company's hormone replacement therapy Natpara reduced the need for calcium and vitamin D supplements in clinical trials.
The stock gained 17 percent to $30.15 before the opening bell, putting it on track for its biggest one-day surge since August 2013. Volume of about 730,000 shares was almost half the stock's 50-day average of more than 1.6 million.

Over 100 Keralites stranded in J&KOver 100 Keralites stranded in J&K
Lakhs continue to be stranded in flood-hit J-KLakhs continue to be stranded in flood-hit J-K
90 towers of 3G restored in J-K; road to be open in 5-7 days90 towers of 3G restored in J-K; road to be open in 5-7 days
Davis Cup: Serbs counting on young gunsDavis Cup: Serbs counting on young guns
MSN gets major facelift  readies for launch on iOS  AndroidHi Guest
MSN gets major facelift, readies for launch on iOS, Android
Microsoft on Monday unveiled a first look of the new MSN in India. Designed from the ground up for a mobile, cloud first world, the new MSN combines premium content from the world’s leading media outlets with personal productivity tools that help you do more. Built around the insight that the knowledge and information that enriches your life should be accessible regardless of where you are or what device you are using, the new experience is available on the web and will soon be available ...

Auto Focus this weekauto focus this week
How M&M raised the bar with the NovoHow M&M raised the bar with the Novo
Murali Gopalan
Rajan Wadhera, Chief Executive (Truck & Powertrain Division) and Head, Mahindra Research Valley
Synergies with the auto division was a critical part of the new tractor’s journey
 Rajan Wadhera, Chief Executive (Truck & Powertrain Division) and Head, Mahindra Research Valley, knew only too well that this was going to be no ordinary tractor project when the idea was conceived in 2009. The Arjun Novo isn’t just another tractor from Mahindra & Mahindra. It is a story of technology and synergies with the automotive division. The project was executed at the MRV facility in Chennai, the company’s R&D hub.
In the making
For Wadhera, the Novo journey started five years ago with the formation of a new workforce for better customer understanding. There were 10 teams which visited Punjab, Chandigarh, Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Chattisgarh and Andhra Pradesh. They were from diverse departments like marketing, branding, sales, customer care, engineering and strategy.
The exercise involved getting feedback from nearly 4,000 farmers. All of them said they wanted a product which offered the optimal mix of speed and fuel economy. The project to make this superstar tractor was aptly named M-Star.
“We wanted to literally convert farming into engineering. This could not have happened without the teams understanding of farming and the challenges involved in sowing time, turnaround etc,” Wadhera says.
In the days gone by, engineers would deliver what they thought was right for the farmer but the Novo challenged conventional thinking. Interestingly, some of the company’s workers take leave during the harvesting period, especially those in Swaraj (of the erstwhile Punjab Tractors which M&M acquired in 2008), since labour is scarce.
“I got the clue from Swaraj and realised we needed to change the game. It was important to understand farming and this knowledge was evident within Swaraj which perhaps explains why their products are so good,” Wadhera says.
Versatile machine
By 2011, the Novo prototypes were ready and testing began in various soil conditions along with haulage applications. By the end of 2012, the company had over 100 design validations with 30,000 hours of field testing.
Quite unlike its predecessor, Arjun, which has eight forward and two reverse speeds, the Novo has 15 (forward) and three (reverse) which creates a huge difference in productivity. “The transmission gives us eight extra speeds and has been designed in a modular way. This will flow to other variants and reduce costs,” Wadhera says.
The Novo is versatile, with different speeds for a host of applications. It can comfortably handle ploughing, puddling, harvesting, haulage and loader.
The other top priority for M&M was lift capacity of the tractor which was enhanced to 2,200 kg from the Arjun’s 1,600 kg. This was done keeping in mind the shortage of labour on farms. “Machinery must substitute labour and help with lifting. This disruptive innovation had to be done,” Wadhera says.
The challenge was to ensure that with this higher lifting capacity, the equipment was not dropped and safety assured at all times. Designing the control valve, the heart of hydraulics, was therefore an important step to take.
M&M has, consequently, installed a thermal de-burring machine, a first in the industry, costing Rs 5.5 crore or two per cent of the Rs 250-crore project. “It has been especially imported from the US and we will use the same control valve mechanism for our lower range, Project Dhruv, which will be 30-50hp,” Wadhera says.
Function with comfort
The Novo has also focused on comfort during operations given that muscular disorders come from long hours of driving. To ensure comfort , control hours must be accessible with enough space.  “We defined the farmer’s workplace and put all the controls at one place so that he is comfortable,” he adds.
There is good lumbar support on the seat and the entry/exit has no clutter either. The gear shifting is no longer in the middle but on the side like a car. The Novo offers a lot of legroom and body engineering has seen big strides made here. Likewise, M&M figured out that there was no reason for the farmer to hold the bonnet and get tired. “As in the case of a car, we have now provided a gas strut to open the hood,” Wadhera says.
Like cars, there is an illuminated column switch which helps the operator at night. The cluster indicates any possible malfunctioning. The Novo also has ‘follow me home’ lights where the farmer parks the tractor and the headlamp goes off automatically once he reaches home. The electrical team from the auto division provided inputs for design of the wrap around headlamp.
The synchromesh gear shift is a first in a tractor where the inspiration has come from M&M’s auto division. “There is no longer any inertia. The synchronisers have been carried from the auto domain into the tractor,” Wadhera says. It was done at one-third of the cost that would have been incurred if it had been sourced from outside.
The Novo has a cabin for all-weather conditions as well as an air-conditioned option. M&M believes that farmers here will eventually move to such comfortable alternatives as labour gets increasingly scarce on farms. This is precisely what happened in the West and the Novo could set the pace for this change.
(This article was published on September 4, 2014)

Honda scooter sales reach new highsHonda scooter sales reach new highs
Our Bureau
Going strong Honda’s Activa is currently the best-selling scooter in the country. REUTERS
Led by their best-selling Activa brand
 For two months in a row, Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India (HMSI) has been selling over two lakh units of its scooters led by the popular Activa brand. While July sales were at an all-time high of 2.23 lakh units, August was 2.18 lakh scooters, indicating that this level is here to stay.
Two-wheel wave
Scooters already account for a fourth of two-wheeler sales in India with HMSI head and shoulders above the rest. The two immediate challengers are TVS Motor and Hero MotoCorp but their sales are still in the 65,000 units-per-month zone which puts HMSI comfortably ahead.
This gap will only widen when the company’s Gujarat plant comes on-stream in the second half of 2015-16. With an annual capacity of 1.2 million units, it has been earmarked for scooter production and will enhance HMSI’s monthly output to over 3.3 lakh units.
By this time, TVS and Hero along with Yamaha, Suzuki and Mahindra will also have hiked their capacities and the share of scooters is expected to touch over 33 per cent of total two-wheeler sales in India. This is only inevitable as more women opt for this mode of transport while public transport continues to be woefully inadequate.
Aiming higher
HMSI’s motorcycle numbers have been hovering around the 1.5 lakh unit mark over the last two months. The renewed thrust on rural India could see this figure gradually increase even while Hero continues to be the market leader thanks largely to its Splendor and Passion brands.
HMSI has made it clear that it is eyeing the top slot in the Indian two-wheeler industry over the next two years. The Gujarat plant will see its annual volumes inch towards six million units of which scooters alone will account for nearly four million units. HMSI could add at least one more facility once its motorcycle sales start gathering momentum in rural India. Till then, it is going to be scooters all the way.
(This article was published on September 4, 2014)

Untethered  autonomous soft robot developedUntethered, autonomous soft robot developed
PTI
Tweet
New York, Sept 5:  
Researchers have developed a shape-changing robot that walks on four legs, can operate without the constraints of a tether, function in a snowstorm, move through puddles of water, and even withstand limited exposure to flames.
The soft robot is capable of functioning for several hours using a battery pack or for longer periods with a light—weight electrical tether, and able to carry payloads of up to 8 kg.
The robot has been designed by a multidisciplinary team of researchers, including those from the School of Engineering and Applied Sciences, Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering, and Department of Chemistry and Chemical Biology, at Harvard University, and the School of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering at Cornell University.
Robots intended for use outside of laboratory environments should be able to operate without the constraints of a tether; this is especially true for robots intended to perform demanding tasks in challenging environments (for example, for search and rescue applications in unstable rubble), researchers said.
“We have developed composite soft materials, a mechanical design, and a fabrication method that enable the untethered operation of a soft robot without any rigid structural components,” researchers said.
The details of the robot have been described in the journal Soft Robotics.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Weekend Roundup: Putin Uses 21st Century Strategy to Restore Old Czarist Realmreddit
As a fragile cease-fire takes hold in Ukraine after nearly five months of carnage, Vladimir Putin's long-term strategy has become clear. This week in The WorldPost Robert Coalson , writing from Prague, translates a recent essay by General Valery Gerasimov, the Russian military's chief of general staff, that lays out a new type of integrated plan that combines outside military pressure, inside rebel uprising and coordinated propaganda to destabilize a country. In a WorldPost interview, former U.S. National Security Adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski argues that Putin's intent is clear: to keep Ukraine outside the Western orbit and inside a Eurasian Union that is little more than a restored Czarist Empire. Julian Lindley-French and Jim Stavridis , who was Supreme Commander of NATO until last year, propose how NATO must be reshaped to meet Putin's challenge. Writing from Moscow, Vasily Kashin laments the onset of a "senseless" new Cold War that he says will waste a generation of lives.
Writing from Beirut in the second installment of his essay on the roots of ISIS and its future impact on the Middle East, Alastair Crooke argues that the Islamic State's ultimate aim is to replace the House of Saud as the new Emirs of Arabia. Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf , the cleric involved in the controversy over establishing an Islamic cultural center near the 9/11 Ground Zero site in New York, disassociates the teachings of Islam from ISIS. Husain Haqqani , the former ambassador of Pakistan to the U.S., argues that, in the wake of recent riots in Islamabad, the military has regained the upper hand -- even without a coup. From Istanbul, WorldPost Middle East Correspondent Sophia Jones chronicles the struggle of a long-established Jewish shop to stay open amid mounting violence against minorities. She also documents the worldwide response to Israel's recent land grab decision.
This week, our " Forgotten Fact "  column reminds readers that, despite all the attention on Iraq, Syria and ISIS, the U.S. is quietly pursuing a major counterterrorism effort in Africa.
The WorldPost China Correspondent Matt Sheehan reports on how Beijing's plan for the nomination of a Hong Kong chief executive has fiercely divided public opinion. Anson Chan , who was chief secretary of Hong Kong from 1993 to 2001, worries that social turmoil will engulf that city-state unless Beijing changes course. Writing from Shanghai, constitutional scholar Tong Zhiwei argues that the prosecution of a former top Politburo member for corruption is establishing the rule of law in China.  Writing from Tokyo, Toshiya Tsugami projects that Chinese President Xi Jinping's crackdown on freedom of expression will inevitably impact relations with all of China's neighbors.
On global issues, U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon declares that time is running out to tackle climate change, which will be the focus of the upcoming General Assembly meeting later this month. Former CIA operative Valerie Plame Wilson takes up the cause of zero nuclear weapons in a world that's growing more dangerous by the day.
Futurist Stowe Boyd wonders what will become of our jobs when robots take over.
Finally, famed Bulgarian blogger Maria Popova offers her advice on how to "brainpick" the Internet and avoid information overload from the daily avalanche of data.
WHO WE ARE
EDITORS: Nathan Gardels, Senior Advisor to the Berggruen Institute on Governance and the long-time editor of NPQ and the Global Viewpoint Network of the Los Angeles Times Syndicate/Tribune Media, is the Editor-in-Chief of The WorldPost. Farah Mohamed is the Managing Editor of The WorldPost. Kathleen Miles is the Senior Editor of the WorldPost. Alex Gardels is the Associate Editor of The WorldPost. Nicholas Sabloff is the Executive International Editor at the Huffington Post, overseeing The WorldPost and HuffPost's 10 international editions. Eline Gordts is HuffPost's World Editor.
CORRESPONDENTS: Sophia Jones in Istanbul; Matt Sheehan in Beijing.
EDITORIAL BOARD: Nicolas Berggruen, Nathan Gardels, Arianna Huffington, Eric Schmidt (Google Inc.), Pierre Omidyar (First Look Media) Juan Luis Cebrian (El Pais/PRISA), Walter Isaacson (Aspen Institute/TIME-CNN), John Elkann (Corriere della Sera, La Stampa), Wadah Khanfar (Al Jazeera), Dileep Padgaonkar (Times of India) and Yoichi Funabashi (Asahi Shimbun).
CONTRIBUTING EDITORS: Moises Naim (former editor of Foreign Policy), Nayan Chanda (Yale/Global; Far Eastern Economic Review) and Katherine Keating (One-On-One). Sergio Munoz Bata and Parag Khanna are Contributing Editor-At-Large.
The Asia Society and its ChinaFile, edited by Orville Schell, is our primary partner on Asia coverage. Eric X. Li and the Chunqiu Institute/Fudan University in Shanghai and Guancha.cn also provide first person voices from China. We also draw on the content of China Digital Times. Seung-yoon Lee is The WorldPost link in South Korea.
Jared Cohen of Google Ideas provides regular commentary from young thinkers, leaders and activists around the globe. Bruce Mau provides regular columns from MassiveChangeNetwork.com on the "whole mind" way of thinking. Patrick Soon-Shiong is Contributing Editor for Health and Medicine.
ADVISORY COUNCIL: Members of the Berggruen Institute's 21st Century Council and Council for the Future of Europe serve as the Advisory Council -- as well as regular contributors -- to the site. These include, Jacques Attali, Shaukat Aziz, Gordon Brown, Fernando Henrique Cardoso, Juan Luis Cebrian, Jack Dorsey, Mohamed El-Erian, Francis Fukuyama, Felipe Gonzalez, John Gray, Reid Hoffman, Fred Hu, Mo Ibrahim, Alexei Kudrin, Pascal Lamy, Kishore Mahbubani, Alain Minc, Dambisa Moyo, Laura Tyson, Elon Musk, Pierre Omidyar, Raghuram Rajan, Nouriel Roubini, Nicolas Sarkozy, Eric Schmidt, Gerhard Schroeder, Peter Schwartz, Amartya Sen, Jeff Skoll, Michael Spence, Joe Stiglitz, Larry Summers, Wu Jianmin, George Yeo, Fareed Zakaria, Ernesto Zedillo, Ahmed Zewail,  and Zheng Bijian.
From the Europe group, these include: Marek Belka, Tony Blair, Jacques Delors, Niall Ferguson, Anthony Giddens, Otmar Issing, Mario Monti, Robert Mundell, Peter Sutherland and Guy Verhofstadt.
MISSION STATEMENT
The WorldPost is a global media bridge that seeks to connect the world and connect the dots.  Gathering together top editors and first person contributors from all corners of the planet, we aspire to be the one publication where the whole world meets.
We not only deliver breaking news from the best sources with original reportage on the ground and user-generated content; we bring the best minds and most authoritative as well as fresh and new voices together to make sense of events from a global perspective looking around, not a national perspective looking out.
More:

How Companies Are Able To Successfully Reach The Hispanic Marketreddit
As a media publisher serving the US Spanish-speaking community, I often hear from advertisers looking to better reach, or start reaching, the Hispanic market. Motivated by the American Latino purchasing power in excess of 1.3 trillion dollars,  many attempt to do this by simply translating their English campaigns, but, as I've found, it nearly always requires more than that; it requires a true understanding of this community.
From my experience, I have observed certain keys that help companies succeed in marketing to the Grassroots Hispanic community. Though consistently overlooked, these keys are essential to the success of Hispanic marketing campaigns. They've helped men like Enrique Gonzalez (once undocumented), who was picking cotton and tomatoes across the border just a few years ago, overcome bureaucratic hurdles to import Hispanic-recognized products at affordable prices and expand his one Vallarta Supermarket to more than 25 California locations.
They are the same principles that have enabled Eric Castelblanco, a man who did not endure the drama of the Mexico-US border, understand the plight of undocumented and unprotected immigrants that are facing eviction. Taking this knowledge, he has become the legal champion of Hispanics with a well respected firm in Beverly Hills.
These insights also helped Francisco Salinas, along with his brothers, use their knowledge of the Hispanic demographic to successfully open three Salinas Tires locations in Spanish-dominant parts of Whittier Boulevard in Los Angeles. Their success can be attributed to providing exceptional customer experience down to every minor detail. This includes answering the phone in Spanish, which immediately gives their customers a sense of confidence and security.
The following principles are how these businesses, along with many others, have been successful in targeting the American Latino community:
1. Understand Latino cultures. Many US Grassroots Latinos are first generation and still closely connected with the culture and heritage of their native countries. Identifying and celebrating their culture helps associate your business with a familiar and comfortable environment.
2. Respect their Family values. Grassroots Hispanics have an extremely close connection with their families and many generations will often live under one roof. Respecting these values and taking a family-centered approach to your business, will be more successful than a company that only caters to a single member of the family.
3. Look for them on phones and tablets. As many have finally realized, Hispanics are a tech-savvy community. Much of their internet access comes from mobile devices as they skipped the age of the desktop. Within our own properties we've seen increased mobile tech adoption particularly with smartphones for Hispanic Millennials and tablets for Latino adults. This increased access has also led to a strong presence on social networks and an increase in online video consumption.
4. Use Spanish language content. With first generation Latinos, Spanish is likely their first language. Advertisements in Spanish that drive ad response to a phone call that is answered in English creates a negative experience. This disconnect in language causes a disconnect in the experience that person has with your company. We have also learned that automated answering services, Spanish or English are not a welcoming introduction to your business.
5. Loyalty to a brand. There are few population groups as loyal to their brands as Hispanics. Having strong brand values will be hugely beneficial to your business. However, to maintain this loyalty, you need to continue to provide them with true value, maintain the quality, and connect with them culturally.
These five simple principles, when applied to any business, lead to continued Hispanic marketing success. From American born entrepreneurs to immigrants who crossed the border in search of a better life. From those born with silver spoons to those starting with little or nothing. From big corporate companies, to small start-ups, these principles really can be applied to any business model in any industry. One thing is for certain, companies that are not employing these strategies have, and are, missing out on their Hispanic market share.
This article is part of ICIC 's Icons of Industry Growth series, highlighting the fastest-growing businesses located in America's inner cities. Small business owners are invited to join these successful entrepreneurs in Boston on October 15-16th at the Inner City 100 Symposium, a premier management education and networking event featuring leading CEOs and Harvard Business School faculty. Learn more here .
ICIC is the national outreach and selection partner for the Goldman Sachs 10,000 Small Businesses program. Goldman Sachs is a partner of the What Is Working: Small Businesses section.
More:

Smartphone Wars: What Does the iPhone 6 Need to Featuresmartphone wars: what does the iphone 6 need to feature
This business of climate changeThis business of climate change
SIDHARTH BIRLA
Not a good picture But there is business to do
The cost of adopting mitigation technologies and the collapse of carbon credit markets remain major concerns
Paris 2015 is the buzzword among the global climate change community today, when the countries would negotiate a long-term agreement on climate change.
The road to Paris is also dotted with two events this year — the UN Secretary General’s Climate Summit in New York in September, and the 20th Conference of Parties to the UN climate change conference in December. Both aim to rouse the interest and ambition of the global community to strike a successful long-term deal — a deal that will have ambitious goals beyond 2020.
So, what is the deal for business and industry? Many say the negotiations are about the politics of climate change, less about the economics of it. Whatever the outcome of negotiations, there will be an impact on businesses.
The impact could be an opportunity or a risk.
New opportunities
Indian business and industry, with its proactive attitude to embracing newer opportunities, has not shied away from the opportunity.
The carbon market presented an opportunity for new businesses to emerge that dealt with advising, consulting and verifying the generation of carbon credits. And most importantly, helping industry to build a momentum on climate mitigation projects.
Hence, the business response to the climate change opportunity was not found wanting in the Indian context. More than 2,500 projects in 7 years from 1600 companies under the Clean Development Mechanism (CDM) is not a small number given a small timeframe.
There are projects ranging in thousands that directly or indirectly mitigate climate change; these have arisen under various domestic schemes, legislations and initiatives.
Whether it is the energy efficiency scheme, national solar mission, urban renewal mission, many other projects under renewable energy, green buildings, transportation, forestry, the list is quite a long one.
Key elements
Six key elements that will provide industry the impetus for climate change mitigation through the international regime, need to be taken up at the global level.
First, access to international climate finance is the most critical element. Let’s be clear. Indian corporates have demonstrated their pro-active approach to mitigation. However, direct investment in climate mitigation on a large economy wide-level is not going to happen easily unless the cost of mitigation is internalised.
It needs to be front loaded with climate finance which will help meet the incremental economic costs of mitigation, enable mainstreaming of climate mitigation and adaptation among the small and medium enterprises, and fund collaborative research and development in low-carbon technology.
Second, new market mechanisms would have to be devised for the whole business of climate mitigation to be market-driven.
Third, there is no point of talking about a carbon tax or a price on carbon. Adding a tax burden will be detrimental to something that can otherwise have a wide-ranging response through positive incentives. Can we instead talk of a price for reducing carbon emissions?
Indian corporates need not pay a price on carbon but a price for carbon. Fourth, a mechanism for technology availability and viability needs to be brought in by the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC).
Fifth, it is critical that trade flows should not be impacted by any measure in the garb of climate change action that is unilateral in nature.
Any imposition by countries on embodied carbon in goods that cross borders would have a major adverse impact on trade. ‘No border taxes’ should be the outlook. Standards or norms developed by different countries or an international institution should be used for enhancing the competitiveness in the market, not for potential unilateral measures.
Industry should be aware of standards being pushed to achieve a singular goal of discriminatory market access and guard itself against such standards.
Climate action cannot be at the cost of competitiveness, these two should only be mutually reinforcing.
Last, a high level panel under the UNFCCC recommended setting up of a stabilisation fund for carbon credits generated and not sold. This can revive the confidence of companies at a time when there is virtually no carbon market.
There should be a fund with a sunset clause to clear returns on investment made in carbon emissions reduction projects, projects that yielded carbon credits but did not find any takers.
Enabling environment
While these elements will be critical to what the global dialogue yields, the government and industry work towards building an enabling environment at home to scale up efforts at the domestic level.
There is a clear set of domestic interventions that can provide the impetus for action to mitigate and adapt to climate change impacts.
Indian business and industry need five key touch points domestically to embark on ambitious mitigation and adaptation initiatives.
One, an access mechanism for the National Clean Energy Fund to provide funding for incremental cost of low carbon technology adoption, by way of a viability gap funding.
Two, create the necessary regulatory environment for long-term funds to step into the climate change mitigation and adaptation space.
We need to create an investment climate that will attract pension and insurance funds to tap this market in India.
Three, mainstream climate change concerns and actions across all spheres of policymaking. Climate change has to be accorded priority at the top level in government and in business.
Four, facilitate the creation of a voluntary domestic market. With the global carbon market outlook being weak, a voluntary carbon market in India could give the much needed fillip for GHG mitigation initiatives to gather a new momentum.
A domestic emissions trading scheme of a voluntary nature should be espoused. Business and industry can work with the government in building the thought process, design, architecture, and operationalisation of such a mechanism for India.
Last, create an enabling environment for renewable energy technologies and renewable power. We need the ecosystem for building a strong domestic supply chain for such technologies, create sustainable demand for such technologies and for renewable power.
The global delivery of what business needs coupled with a domestic ecosystem will act as strong catalysts for a scaled up response from business towards climate change mitigation and adaptation. It is time the voice of Indian business reaches out and exhorts the global community towards a practical outcome.
The writer is the president of Ficci
(This article was published on September 7, 2014)

And words are all we haveAnd words are all we have
Veena Venugopal
Tweet
THE HINDU Read It's that simple - M SRINATH
The power of literacy is such that it can take you to fantastic worlds like no other form of communication can
Five years ago, when my daughter started school, I had anticipated that she would be taught to read phonetically.
The A for apple, B for ball method that worked for a hundred years was deemed not good enough for the new economy and so I’d braced myself to stumble incomprehensibly through spelling words out while overworking my throat.
APPLE, for instance, would be taught as Ah, pa, le, eh. And so it was with rising panic that I received the news from school that they had even cast the phonetic method behind and evolved into a technique known as whole language learning (WLL).
WLL is a completely hippie approach to teaching kids to read. Its simple premise is that children learn to read by, simply, reading. Sort of like breathing, but not quite. In the 1970s, two professors of education, Frank Smith and Kenneth Goodman, conceived this method.
Illiterate students, they said, can learn to read in the most pleasant way, in the shortest time possible, simply “by reading.” So all that the teachers need to do is immerse the kids in books, and then wait for each of them to infer what they need to know in order to learn to read words.
Teachers read aloud while the kids follow along in the text. If you read a book repeatedly, then at some point, the kids will be able to read the book themselves.
Pleasure of the experience
In the early years, exhausted after reading the same bedtime stories a dozen times every night, all I could think of was painful ways to strangle the professors.
Now, five years later and significantly liberated from reading anything involving talking animals, I can see the wisdom of whole language learning.
Its revolutionary premise is not that when kids see the same word repeatedly they know what it is. On the contrary, its pitch is entirely on the power of the story. If you manage to hook a child into caring for the character and the plot, WLL shows us, she will just teach herself to read.
The words themselves are incidental, what fuels the reader is the pleasure of the experience.
A five-year old who hears the story of Chicken Licken, a neurotic chick, which misreads a falling acorn as a sign that it is indeed the sky that is falling down and rushes to tell the king about it, is sweating with worry about what would happen to the chicken. The fact that she sees “the sky is falling down” on every page and eventually is able to understand the spelling of those words, is both incidental and unconscious. The only challenge then, is literary. Literacy will follow.
The literary route to literacy is especially poignant in India where the number of readers is a small percentage of the population and shrinking alarmingly. If kids are hooked in early to the power of the narrative, chances are they will stay with it for lives.
While the A for Apple, B for Ball method worked to make us literate, it is a method that is weighed down by drudgery and entirely sanitised from a narrative arc of any kind. But if reading is an activity that entirely consists of the idea that words conjure up, every sentence becomes an adventure.
It’s your world
The counter argument that is often presented is that, if it’s stories we want, then watching a film or a show on television achieves the same objective. This argument is only partly valid. Everyone watches the same movie, you are shown what you should see, you hear what needs to be heard, you have to do nothing but sit there and shovel popcorn into your mouth. A stream in a book though, is your stream. You picture it in your head, based on the stream behind your grandparents’ home. Or the one you rowed a boat on last year when you went on a holiday somewhere. You shape it in the way you want, you colour it the perfect shade of aquamarine, you detail the edges with mangroves or coconut palms.
Only you know exactly how the stream in the book is because it is only in your head. A movie can never set the neurons in your head alight with quite the energy as a book.
But more than that, the power of the literary is in its sustainability. When you read a book a second time, it is a whole other experience, a story much different from the first. For you have seen other streams in the meanwhile and painted a different pattern. The singular importance of the literary is the chill you feel when you put away a good book and look around you. The world seems the same and yet, you are somehow different.
Today is World Literacy Day
(This article was published on September 7, 2014)

SC verdict on coal block cancellation will lead to short-term disruption of power: Piyush GoyalUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: While the Supreme Court hearing on the 218 illegally allocated coal blocks is to be delivered on September 9, Power Minister Piyush Goyal told CNN-IBN that even if the apex court decides to cancel coal blocks, it would only lead to a short-term disruption of power. He added that the government was working towards providing 24 hours of non-stop electricity.
"I am on test every single day and September 9 will be like every such day. I am hoping that 9th will show some finality on this long  pending issue. I hope that the decision is final so I am able to  move forward and find solutions to this problem of increasing the coal production and reducing our dependency on imports and increasing the generation of power," he said when asked about Supreme Court's verdict on the coal block allocation.
Goyal added that the government would not want to interfere with the court's judgement. "As for the government of India is concerned, we don't want to suggest any course of action. Once the SC makes up its mind on what it wants to do, we will expeditiously get into the act of taking the process forward in a transparent and honest manner to discover the price, give it to people who deserve it, are most competitive in their purpose and in that process I am confident that if at all there is a disruption, we will keep it to the bare minimum. There might be  a short-term disruption but in the medium to long term, we will be able to open up many more minds."
The Supreme Court had in August declared the 218 coal blocks from 1993 to 2010 as illegal. It will decide on the cancellation of these coal blocks on September 9.The apex court had said that no objective criteria were followed by the screening committee in the allocation of the coal blocks.
The Attorney General told the apex court that all coal allocations should not be cancelled because the power situation in the country is critical. The AG also told the court that if the 218 coal blocks are cancelled, then the government will have to go for an immediate auction.
Watch the full interview on CNN-IBN at 8:30 pm on Monday.

Suzuki Swift global sales cross 4mn  half sold in IndiaSuzuki Swift global sales cross 4 million mark, half sold in India
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 13:10 IST
Suzuki Motor Corp Chief Executive Osamu Suzuki leaves a stage after posing with a remodelled Swift at its unveiling ceremony in Tokyo (Photo: Reuters)
Japan's Suzuki Motor Corporation has clocked four million milestone in total global sales of its successful premium hatchback Swift with about half of them coming from India.
According to information available on the small car major's website, Swift, which was launched as a world strategic model in 2004, reached cumulative worldwide sales of four million units in August 2014 - nine years and nine months since the start of sales in 2004.
"Especially in India, ever since its launch in 2005, the Swift steadily increased its sales in line with the market expansion due to economic growth, such as by adding diesel variants and sedans. Of the four million units, units sold in India account for approximately half of them," the company said.
At present the Swift is available in India priced between Rs 4.42 lakh and Rs 6.7 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi) in both petrol and diesel options.
The Swift was first produced and sold in Japan in November 2004. In the following year, production and distribution began in Hungary, India, and China.
Full-model change was made in 2010, and production and distribution also began in Thailand in March 2012.
Suzuki said out of the total global sales, 19 per cent were sold in Europe and 11 per cent in Japan.
In June 2008, the model crossed one million units in cumulative worldwide production and in January 2011 total global sales reached two million units.
In January 2013, Swift had reached the three million mark in cumulative worldwide sales.
The model is currently produced in eight countries worldwide and sold in more than 140 countries and regions around the world.

SC directs Centre to make stand clear on EC s proposal to use a new machineUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: The Supreme Court has asked the central government to file an affidavit on whether they support the Election Commission's proposal to use a new machine to mix votes recorded on EVMs to enhance secrecy of votes during counting which prevents disclosure of voting pattern.
SC has observed that politicians tend to use voting patterns to tailor policies for different wards and constituencies depending on support.
The election body in August had submitted a proposal to the government for introduction of 'Totaliser' machine for counting of votes.
SC has observed that politicians tend to use voting patterns to tailor policies for different wards and constituencies depending on support.
"The Election Commission is of the view that by use of 'Totaliser', a further level of secrecy in voting and the mixing of votes at the time of counting will be achieved, which will prevent the disclosure of pattern of voting at a particular polling station," Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad informed the Rajya Sabha in August.

Now  women cancer patients can preserve their fertilityAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Record $350m donation for HarvardSeptember 8, 2014 5:23 am
Record $350m donation for Harvard
By Jennifer Bissell in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/925f898c-3537-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

AAP video shows BJP poaching MLAs; BJP denies itBS Reporter |  New Delhi Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 12:20 AM IST
AAP sting shows BJP leader offering Rs 4 cr to MLA for quitting
BJP denies it; Congress alleges AAP has also been attempting to induce Congress MLAs to help it form govt in Delhi yet again
 
It was a slugfest of competing accusations between the three major rival political parties of Delhi on Monday. The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) released a video of a senior Delhi Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader caught on tape ostensibly promising Rs 4 crore to an AAP MLA to resign from the Assembly.
The Congress saw in the incident, the power-hungry face of BJP, and alleged AAP has also been attempting to induce Congress MLAs to help it form a government in Delhi yet again.
BJP seemed at a loss of words after AAP leader and former Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal made the sting public on Monday morning. The sting purportedly showed Delhi BJP vice-president Sher Singh Dagar promising AAP’s Dinesh Mohania, MLA from Sangam Vihar, Rs 4 crore. The money, claimed AAP, was offered to influence Mohania to quit his Assembly seat and get four more of his party MLAs do the same. Such a step would help bring down the effective strength of Delhi Assembly, suitably enough to enable BJP sail through any no-confidence vote.
Initially, BJP distanced itself from both Dagar and the allegations against him. Dagar rejected the allegations against him, saying he had been “framed”.
He claimed it was the AAP MLAs who had been pursuing him for the past one-and-a-half months and had shown keenness to join BJP. “I will quit politics if any charge against me is proved ,” Dagar, BJP candidate from Mehrauli Assembly seat, said. Eventually, the BJP did come out in support of Dagar. A spokesperson questioned the veracity of the video. "Things are unclear in the video. Its authenticity should be checked," he said.
ALSO READ:  Will seek President's intervention; vow to stop BJP in Delhi: Kejriwal
Mohania, the AAP MLA who did the sting on Dagar, said he met the BJP leader at the latter's residence in South Extension locality on Sunday and recorded the 41-minute long video. Mohania said he has recorded all his meetings with BJP leaders over the past month. AAP claimed that Dagar also promised Mohania that he would get the party high command to meet him, fund his re-election and incase he was to lose then accommodate him in one of the sundry civic authorities. Kejriwal claimed that Dagar told Mohania the plan had the approval of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) and that BJP leader Jagdish Mukhi was its choice for the CM.
Currently, Delhi is under President's Rule after the AAP-led government quit in mid-February. Delhi had assembly elections last December in which BJP, along with its ally Shiromani Akali Dal, emerged the single largest party but four seats short of the majority mark of 36 in the 70-member assembly. AAP formed a government with the outside support of the Congress. Delhi assembly has 67-members after three BJP MLAs quit after being elected to the Lok Sabha. BJP, along with SAD, have 28 MLAs. AAP has 27. It expelled one of its MLAs earlier this year. Congress has eight MLAs.
ALSO READ:  Nothing immoral in BJP forming govt in Delhi: Amit Shah
Last week, Delhi Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung had written to the President stressing the need for Delhi to have an elected government. He had offered to explore all possibilities of putting in place a government in Delhi, including inviting the single largest party, the BJP, to stake a claim.
Congress communications department chief Ajay Maken said the episode exposed the "absolute naked power hungry face of the BJP". Maken said people would want to know the identity of the "high command" that Dagar promised AAP MLA to arrange a meeting with. He said BJP's plea that Dagar is not a senior leader was unacceptable. "Everybody who knows Delhi politics is aware that he has been a senior leader of the party," Maken said. Party leader Sandeep Dikshit claimed that AAP leader Kejriwal has also been in contact with a senor Congress leader, and that AAP has contacted Congress MLAs to engineer a rapprochement and come to power. "Not only BJP but also AAP is adopting all measures to come to power," he said.
The AAP has decided to submit the video to the Supreme Court on Tuesday. It has appealed to the President to dissolve Delhi assembly and has said the only solution out of the impasse is fresh elections in Delhi.
 Advertisements

Sahara group chief Subrata Roy convinces Supreme Court to grant greater reliefAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Bomber hits Iraq Sunni tribal gathering  kills 16The bomber drove his explosives-laden Humvee into the gathering of a major Sunni tribe, the Al-Jabour. ( File photo )
AP | Baghdad | Posted: September 8, 2014 3:38 pm
Iraqi officials say a suicide bomber targeted a meeting between security forces and Sunni militiamen in a small town north of Baghdad, killing at least 16 people. A police officer says Monday’s attack took place in Duluiyah, some 80 kilometers (45 miles) north of Baghdad.
The bomber drove his explosives-laden Humvee into the gathering of a major Sunni tribe, the Al-Jabour. Al-Jabour fighters have sided with Iraqi forces in the battle against the militants from the Islamic State group, an al-Qaida-breakaway.
The bombing was followed by clashes with militants who tried to overtake the town. Duluiyah fell to the Islamic State group for two days in July. A medical official confirmed causality figures. Both officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they are not authorized to talk to media.

Another Royal Baby! William and Kate Expecting Second Childanother royal baby! william and kate expecting second child
Micromax launches Canvas Nitro A310 on Snapdeal  priced at Rs 12 990After sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Oprah Opens Eight City Tour in AtlantaOprah Opens Eight City Tour in Atlanta
Oprah Opens Eight City Tour in Atlanta
Oprah Winfrey opens eight -city tour in Atlanta with "Oprah's The Life You Want Weekend" featuring notable guests such as Deepak Chopra and author Elisabeth Gilbert. (Sept. 8)
Oprah Winfrey opens eight -city tour in Atlanta with "Oprah's The Life You Want Weekend" featuring notable guests such as Deepak Chopra and author Elisabeth Gilbert. (Sept. 8)

BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty at fresh record highs; oil stocks lead rallyAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Market@ new highs | It may just be beginning of a big bull runYou are here: Home > Collections
Markets end at record closing high; oil & gas, banks surge
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 8, 2014, 05.20PM IST
Tags:
markets
(Goldman Sachs has rolled…)
MUMBAI: The Nifty resumed its upward journey after two-day break and ended at record closing high on the back of strong inflows from foreign institutional investors.
The FIIs have pumped in $740 million in Indian equities last week while year-to-date they have invested massive $13.9 billion.
Goldman Sachs has rolled its 12-month target for Nifty to September 2015 (from June 2015) and Nifty updated target to 9,000 from 8,600 earlier.
According to analysts, India is in a sweet spot and the rally will continue at least till Diwali. They are not expecting a sharp correction but some consolidation is not ruled out.
"I do not anticipate a big correction but some sectoral rotation. I do anticipate some profit booking and consolidation and I would quantify that as a maximum of 7-10 per cent," said Ritu Gangrade Arora, CIO, Canara HSBC OBC Life Insurance to ET Now.
"At this point, market is trading at 16.5 times rolling forward one year. That is not a very expensive market as we have seen peaks of 21 and 22 times. I still see strong flows both from domestic as well as FIIs," Gangrade added.
The 50-share index ended at all-time closing high of 8,173.90, up 87.05 points or 1.08 per cent. It touched all-time high of 8,180.20 and an intraday low of 8,126.15 in trade today.
The S&P BSE Sensex ended at all-time closing high of 27,319.85, up 293.15 points or 1.08 per cent. It touched all-time high of 27,354.99 and a low of 27,144.56 today.
"The opening gap-up was sustained for the next two hours. Towards closing, the market picked up steam as participation and breadth improved. I would be comfortable buying into Nifty at 8150 spot levels with a 50-point stoploss for 100-150 points rally on the upside. Out short term targets of 8250-8300 should be met in the next few trading sessions," said Mitesh Thacker, Technical Analyst, miteshthacker.com
The BSE Midcap Index was up 1.29 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index 2.11 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE Oil & Gas Index surged 1.79 per cent, the S&P BSE FMCG Index was 1.40 per cent higher and the S&P BSE Bankex gained 1.38 per cent.
Hindalco (up 4.26 per cent), Asian Paints (up 4.17 per cent), Ambuja Cement (up 2.96 per cent), ONGC (up 2.65 per cent) and Grasim (up 2.12 per cent) were among the index gainers.
NTPC (1.65 per cent), NMDC (1.21 per cent), Tata Power (0.85 per cent), M&M (0.82 per cent) and Power Grid Corporation (0.71 per cent) were among the Nifty losers.
The market breadth was positive on the NSE with 956 gainers against 284 losers
The foreign institutional investors were net buyers worth Rs 310.51 crore and domestic institutional investors were net sellers worth Rs 354.81 crore on Friday as per the provisional data from the National Stock Exchange.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mary Grove and Megan SmithWith a mindclone, your descendants will talk and learn from you long after you die.
Sep 9, 2014
Hyperlapse is incredibly easy to use, and delivers a great finished product.
Sep 8, 2014
The car sharing service’s parent company acquires RideScout, which aggregates transportation options.
Sep 3, 2014
Despite a price and features that have barely changed in 10 years, the TI-84 remains on top.
Sep 2, 2014
Three Chileans who met in college explain a plan to make a bike that can’t be stolen.
Aug 28, 2014
Here’s how Nike created an absurd court that appears to be a giant TV screen.
Aug 27, 2014
Estimote envisions sensors on movable objects to revolutionize how we interact with the real world.
Aug 21, 2014
A German company has a solution for those dangerous gaps.
Aug 21, 2014
Here’s why you should stop being grossed out and embrace a sustainable, nutritious food.
Aug 20, 2014
FIVE IDEAS | Our bodies aren’t quite sure how to handle conditions away from Earth.
Aug 19, 2014
Load More
About
Matt McFarland is the editor of Innovations, where he writes about the people, ideas and companies that are changing the world.
Most Read

Manishi RaychaudhuriMD, Asian Equity Strategist, HoR
BNP Paribas Securities India
Manishi Raychaudhuri is the managing director, Asian Equity Strategist, and Head of Research at BNP Paribas Securities India
ABOUT Manishi Raychaudhuri
Manishi Raychaudhuri is the managing director, Asian Equity Strategist, and Head of Research at BNP Paribas Securities India

MD  Asian Equity Strategist  HoR BNP Paribas Securities IndiaMD, Asian Equity Strategist, HoR
BNP Paribas Securities India
Manishi Raychaudhuri is the managing director, Asian Equity Strategist, and Head of Research at BNP Paribas Securities India
ABOUT Manishi Raychaudhuri
Manishi Raychaudhuri is the managing director, Asian Equity Strategist, and Head of Research at BNP Paribas Securities India

Thinking about buying Apple today Read thisAvoid iPhone hype: Apple stock lags
By: Matt Krantz September 8, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during the introduction of the iPhone 5 in 2012. (Eric Risberg, AP)
Seems like a smart plan: Buy Apple (AAPL) stock today. Wait until tomorrow — for the expected new iPhone announcement. Bam. Instant riches. Right? Not so iFast.
Speculators and traders trying to jump into Apple stock before iPhone announcements have actually gotten pretty ho-hum short term returns — and stock market reactions are getting even lower as each new iPhone gets increasingly incremental.
Apple’s stock, on average, has risen 0.3% on the day of the announcement of every new iPhone starting with the original model on Jan. 9, 2007 through the 5C and 5S on Sept. 10, 2013 (see chart below). That return is identical to the average returns of the Standard & Poor’s 500 during the same time periods.
Announcement dates Wikipedia, stock prices S&P Capital IQ via Microsoft Excel
But much of this first-day reaction to the announcement is largely skewed by the strong, 8.3%, gain following the unveiling of the first, original iPhone. Not a single new iPhone announcement has received that kind of reception from investors since. Excluding the announcement of the first iPhone, shares of Apple on average actually fell 1% on the first day.
Apple’s stock didn’t perform much better over the 30 days following the announcement of each new iPhone model. Shares of Apple have dropped 1.4% on average following the seven past iPhone announcements in the following 30 days. That compared with a 0.4% average gain by the S&P 500 during the same time.
Announcement dates-Wikipedia, stock prices S&P Capital IQ via Microsoft Excel
Take for instance the market reaction to the most recent new iPhones: the 5S and the 5C on Sept. 10, 2013. Shares fell 2.3% on the day of the announcement. And 30 days later? Apple stock was down 3.3%. Investors would have been better off with the S&P 500, which rose 0.7% on the day of the announcement and gained 1.2% in the following 30 days.
Chart source: MSN Money
There’s no doubt that Apple stock has been a huge winner long term. And the iPhone is a pivotal product for Apple, accounting for about half its stock price, Trefis says. But investors thinking that buying right ahead of an announcement is an easy way to profit — especially as the wow factor is long gone in yet another model of a smartphone — may need to rethink their strategy.
iPhone model

Now  Seed Packet Challenge to help out small farmersNow, Seed Packet Challenge to help out small farmers
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept. 7:  
After creating the creative RiceBucketChallenge last month, Hyderabad has just started another challenge. This time around, to address the needs of small and marginal farmers. A farm foundation has announced Seed Packet Challenge with an aim to providing the basic input to the small farmers. They can also give pamphlets, relating the best farm practices to increase yields.
In return, the farmers can give back an equal amount of seeds to the foundation that can be distributed to more farmers.
It tied up with a few top seed firms and other stakeholders to start this initiative. Thousands of poor farmers face huge difficulties in securing good quality seeds to grow crops each year.
“Seed is the essential component of agriculture. Small and marginal farmers find it difficult to source the seeds in the sowing season. Shortage of seeds and high prices force them to settle for unbranded seeds with poor quality seeds, severely impacting the output,” a Nest Foundation executive told Business Line.
The foundation tied-up with Telugu agricultural monthly to start the Seed Packet Challenge for all the stakeholders. The contest provides an opportunity for seed companies and other stakeholders to help out the small farmers.
“Those who benefit from the initiative can give an equal quantity of seeds or even more so that we can reach out to more farmers in the next season,” the executive said.
The foundation and magazine would distribute the seed with the help of farm cooperatives, welfare committees and non-governmental organisations.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Claim size of mediclaim policies growing: ICICI LombardClaim size of mediclaim policies growing: ICICI Lombard
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 8:  
Claim size of mediclaim policies has been growing every year, according to data of past three years compiled by private general insurer ICICI Lombard.
“Claim size shows a year-on-year increase for most diseases. Eighteen per cent claims received for critical illness in 2013 exceeded Rs 2 lakh,” said ICICI Lombard Vice- President (Health Underwriting and Claims) Amit Bhandari.
End-stage liver failure with an average claim size in 2013 at Rs 3,90,661 clocked the highest compound annual general growth rate (CAGR) at 98.4 per cent for the past three years.
Paralysis with an average claim size of Rs 1,41,682 and CAGR of 28.4 per cent was the second highest, he said.
Other diseases with high average claim size during the year included heart valve replacement (Rs 3,44,560), stroke (Rs 1,71,273), myocardial infarction (Rs 2,44,620), end-stage renal failure (Rs 38,491) and major organ failure (Rs 1,10,725), the insurer said.
Out of the 27 general insurance companies, only 22 offer health products.
“Twelve per cent corporate claims received for critical illness in 2013 was over Rs 2 lakh,” Bhandari said, adding, here too the claim size shows y-o-y increase for most of the diseases.
ICICI Lombard’s internal data shows that average claim size for the insured with pre-existing disease is almost double than those without these ailments. Hence, it is material information for insurers to price the risk appropriately, he said.
Half of the customers with health cover believe that health insurance means hospitalisation, according to data.
Around 52 per cent of the 1,005 respondents, who had been sent a set of questions by us recently as part of a survey, said health insurance pays only after hospitalisation, he added.
The respondents were asked to send their replies either by e-mail, Facebook or Twitter.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

SC grants 15 days more time to Subrata Roy to sell hotelsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
SC grants 15 days more time to Subrata Roy to sell hotels
PTI
Tweet
September 8, 2014:  
The Supreme Court today granted 15 more working days time to jailed Sahara Chief Subrata Roy to seal the deal to sell his three luxury hotels in New York and London to raise money to be deposited with SEBI to get bail.
Appearing before a bench headed by Justice T S Thakur, Roy’s counsel submitted that its almost finalised deal to sell the properties to foreign buyers has hit a roadblock and is on the verge of collapse and sought more time to save the deal and to hold negotiations with 3-4 other overseas buyers who are interested in hotels.
The bench, after going through the documents including the in-principle master agreement with the potential buyer, observed that attempts have been made to finalise the deal and granted more time to hold consultations.
“We are of the view that the prayer for grant of 15-days time to finalise the sale of assets deserves to be granted,” the bench said in its order.
Senior advocate S Ganesh, appearing for Roy, submitted that it may not be feasible for the group to dispose of its Indian properties as the real estate prices have crashed down since June this year.
Moreover, the court’s direction that they cannot be sold below market rate also comes in the way of their sale, he said.
He submitted that there have been huge protests outside the hotels after an International newspaper published a story that Sultan of Brunei is buying them.
A very serious problem has cropped up in the last few days after a newspaper report said Sultan of Brunei is buying the properties. It is a monumental setback and subsequent inalienable situation has hit us hard and the buyer developed cold feet, he said.
He said there have been very violent protests outside the hotels and the buyers are “reconsidering the deal which is now on the verge of being scrapped.
During the hearing, Solicitor General Ranjit Kumar told the bench that though he was not imputing any motive of any wrong doing, the so-called deals are being conducted in a closed room to which no information is known.
Ganesh said that his client is making all the efforts to see the deal through as no one is more anxious than him to get out of jail.
The apex court had on August 1 allowed Roy and two directors of his group to use the conference room in Tihar jail complex for 10 days from August 5 to hold negotiations with potential buyers. The time period was further extended for 15 days on August 14.
The Sahara chief put his hotels Dream Downtown and The Plaza in New York and Grosvenor House in London on block to sell.
Roy, 65, who has been in jail for the past six months, had pleaded that he was committed to follow apex court’s direction and sought its permission for shifting to Tihar jail guest house for a week to enable him to hold negotiations to sell his properties in India and abroad to raise Rs 10,000 crore to get regular bail.
The apex court had refused to release Roy on interim bail or parole but had allowed selling of his luxury hotels.
It had also appointed senior advocate Shekhar Naphade as amicus curiae to assist the court in dealing with the case in which the group is supposed to pay around Rs 37,000 crore to wind up the proceedings in the apex court.
Roy, who was sent to jail on March 4 this year for non-refund of over Rs 20,000 crore to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs 10,000 crore to get bail, out of which Rs 5,000 crore in cash and rest of the amount in bank guarantee.
Sahara has raised Rs 3,117 crore which has been deposited with SEBI.
The group, however, has been claiming that it has already repaid money to 93 per cent investors.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

ITV calls for retransmission windfallLast updated: September 8, 2014 4:34 pm
ITV makes case for retransmission windfall
By Henry Mance
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8e8cd278-374f-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mere equality not enough  main goal is social harmony: ModiUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday lauded the contribution of reformers from Kerala like Dalit icon Ayyankali and Sree Narayana Guru and said merely achieving social justice was not enough but there should be social harmony between various sections.
"Mere equality will not do. We have to move a step forward. The final destination is harmony in society. For that we have to have a constantly awakened society.
"To achieve harmony, one has to move together with equality and love for all. We have to take the feeling of self upliftment and that of all coming together to achieve harmony.
He was addressing the 152nd birth anniversary of Ayyankali at a function organised by the Kerala Pulayar Maha Sabha (KPMS) that represents the interests of the most oppressed Scheduled Caste community in Kerala.
Till then, harmony in society cannot be achieved," the Prime Minister said.
He was addressing the 152nd birth anniversary of Ayyankali at a function organised by the Kerala Pulayar Maha Sabha (KPMS) that represents the interests of the most oppressed Scheduled Caste community in Kerala. Sree Narayana Guru belonged to the backward Ezhava caste that has a dominant
influence in Kerala politics.
BJP leaders from Kerala and Delhi were present on the dais. Modi's emphasis on the contribution of Kerala social reformers from Dalit and backward castes assumes significance as the BJP is trying to trying to make inroads in the state where its vote percentage went up significantly from 6.4 per
cent to 10.3 per cent in the Lok Sabha polls.
"While the efforts of social reformers like Ayyankali and Narayana Guru contributed in ending social discrimination in the pre-Independence era in the 19th century, we should be grateful to leaders like BR Ambedkar who ensured that a system is created to give everybody equal rights in society," Modi said.
The Prime Minister said that the conference organised by Ayyankali in 1913 on the question of upliftment of Dalits was as much a turning point as Mahatma Gandhi's Dandi March in 1930.
Modi emphasised that while the country may have achieved equality in terms of providing opportunities to Dalits, there was a need to achieve harmony.
"If we are stuck with only equality, it will not help. For harmony, we will have to make extra efforts," he said.

US stocks futures pointing to modest losses at openUS stocks futures pointing to modest losses at open
Reuters
Tweet
NEW YORK, Sept 8:  
U.S. stock index futures are indicating slight losses at the open on Monday, though major indexes remain near record levels and the equity market's recent momentum appears intact.
Equities have risen for five straight weeks, and pronounced further upside may be limited given a dearth of domestic catalysts. Still, stock valuations are not seen as stretched compared with other asset classes, and accommodative monetary policies from the Federal Reserve have prevented prolonged selloffs. The S&P hasn't had a correction -- defined as a drop of 10 percent from a peak -- since 2012.
Daily moves have been small and trading volumes have been light of late, with action in recent days among the lightest of the year. While some of that is seasonal and connected to the Labor Day holiday, which closed markets for a day last week, it also suggests investors are hesitant to jump in at current levels.
Futures snapshot at 9:15:
* S&P 500 e-minis are falling 2.5 points, 0.12 percent with 129,161 contracts changing hands.
* Nasdaq 100 e-minis are down 0.75 points, 0.02 percent in volume of 21,276 contracts.
* Dow e-minis are down 24 points, 0.14 percent with 18,724 contracts changing hands.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

GM to launch hands-free drivingGM to launch hands-free driving
PTI
Tweet
Detroit (US), Sept 8:  
General Motors CEO Mary Barra has unveiled plans to make driving safer through hands-free technology, after a string of recalls that has dogged the company.
GM’s top-of-the-line Cadillac brand will provide a semi-auto pilot mode dubbed “Super Cruise” on certain 2017 model year cars.
In the same timeframe, the 2017 Cadillac CTS will feature vehicle-to-vehicle communication technology that allows cars to react to others in intersections and other situations.
Barra said the new technology will be available outside the United States. It is also in demand in heavily congested Europe and in China, where accidents are taking an increasingly heavy toll.
“We are not doing this for the sake of the technology itself. We’re doing it because it’s what customers around the world want,” she said yesterday.
“Through technology and innovation, we will make driving safer.”
Super Cruise will offer customers a new type of driving experience that includes hands-free lane following, braking and speed control in certain highway driving conditions.
The system is designed to increase the comfort of an attentive driver on freeways, both in bumper-to-bumper traffic and on long road trips.
The vehicle-to-vehicle communication technology could mitigate many traffic collisions and improve traffic congestion by sending and receiving basic safety information such as location, speed and direction of travel between vehicles that are approaching each other.
It will warn drivers and can supplement active safety features, such as forward collision warning, already available on many production cars.
As the world becomes more congested and new populations need access to personal mobility, accidents continue to be a global concern.
A recent National Highway Traffic Safety Administration study estimated that the economic and societal impact of motor vehicle crashes in the United States is more than $870 billion per year.
“Advancing technology so that people can more safely live their lives is a responsibility we embrace,” Barra said.
Despite massive recalls in recent months, Barra said consumers still trust GM.
She denied that consumers have grown more skeptical of GM’s technology or the safety of its vehicles since the recalls began.
New vehicles sales in the US have risen 5.1 per cent this year through the end of August, according to Autodata.
But GM’s sales have increased only 2.8 per cent despite the introduction of a new line of sport utility vehicles.
Sales by the company’s flagship Cadillac brand have dropped by more than four per cent.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Govt renews efforts to corporatise major portsPOTENTIAL BENEFITS ACCRUING OUT OF CORPORATISATION
Access to private capital market
Market-driven rates
Minimum red tape to respond to competition
Corporate governance structure
*yet to be incorporated under the Companies Act
Corporatisation of ports has been on the agenda for more than a decade but there has been opposition from interest groups. An earlier National Democratic Alliance government under Atal Bihari Vajpayee had looked at such a model for the Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust. The previous UPA government had moved to corporatise Kochi Port Trust but the proposal could not go through.
“We have almost finalised the Cabinet proposal and are hoping that an amendment sails through in the winter session of Parliament,” said the official. New ports would be registered under the Companies Act, as is the one at Ennore, close to Chennai city.
India has 13 major sea ports, 12 of which function under the aegis of the Major Port Trusts Act, 1963. These are under the control of the Union government. Major ports are on the Union list of the Constitution; also, the Centre may declare any port as a major one by official notification.
There are two additional major ports whose development plans are in the pipeline. One is at Sagar Island in West Bengal. The other will come up at Dugarajapatnam, in Andhra Pradesh’s Nellore district. Both, like Ennore Port, will be formed under the Companies Act. The official said the process of incorporating these new ports as companies was under way. Issues on land acquisition was holding up the incorporation of Dugarajapatnam. The cost implication of building a breakwater and conducting dredging is delaying progress on Sagar Island, said the official.
 Advertisements

Fyffes and Chiquita delay votes on mergerSeptember 8, 2014 2:46 pm
Fyffes and Chiquita delay votes on merger plan
By Vincent Boland in Dublin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2450302c-3753-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Uninor launches initiative to bridge mobile gender gapUninor's Project Sampark aims to empower women by facilitating their access to mobile phones in rural areas.
New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 7:36 pm
LAUNCHING an initiative called ‘Project Sampark’ which aims to empower women by facilitating their access to mobile phones in rural areas, telecom operator Uninor announced that it had received a grant of US$ 70,000 by GSMA’s Mobile for Development Foundation for the pilot phase of the project.
The seven-month long project seeks to address the socio-economic reasons behind gender mobile access gap and empower women through ownership and use of mobile phones, build awareness of the benefits of cellular technology and provide livelihood opportunities to women in the community who would be allowed to participate in the project to get more subscribers.
A total investment of about US$ 183,654 has been made in this joint initiative between Uninor and GSMA to enhance tele-density in rural pockets of the country. Initially, the project will be launched in three of Uninor’s telecom circles – UP(West), UP(East) and Bihar, and after measuring its results and accessing the impact, the project will be rolled out to its other circles in Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra. With 200 women promoters trained by Uninor itself, the project targets to add 6,000 new subscribers in rural areas a month, with at least half of them being women.
In a release by Uninor, Morten Karlsen Sorby, CEO, Uninor, stated, “The launch of ‘Project Sampark’ is a first step in the direction to using mobile connectivity to deal with the developmental challenge of gender disparity in mobile usage. This project will be truly path-breaking in its intent as well it will be self-sustainable, scalable and continue to provide livelihood opportunities for women while building awareness of the benefits of mobile connectivity.”
About  40 women and four supervisors, mainly Anganwadi and ASHA supporters,  would participate in the pilot phase of the project to be launched in 87 villages of Aligarh district of Western UP. These women promoters will sell mobile prepaid connections and recharge vouchers at the customer’s door step. An innovative product called “Jodi Pack – a pair of SIMs linked to each other, sharing benefits of recharge or talk time top-up – will be introduced to appeal to male members of the family so that they allow women to own mobile phones.  Uninor will also spread awareness through street plays and outbound call centers to constantly serve onboarding new customers, handholding them to explain the usage and benefits of the mobile phone.
“We see this as a huge opportunity from an operator’s point of view. This is just not part of the company’s Corporate Social Responsibility, but a self-sustaining business model. This project makes commercial sense to us as well as become an important tool to provide women livelihood,” Rajeev Sethi ,Chief Marketing Officer, Uninor told reporters here.
Uninor is majority owned subsidiart of Telenor Group – one of the major mobile operators with headquarters in Oslo, Norway. Its circles in India account for more than 50 per cent of the country’s population.
By Tanima Banerjee

Broker Charles Stanley warns on profitsLast updated: September 8, 2014 4:33 pm
Broker Charles Stanley warns of ‘material’ fall in profits
By Kate Burgess
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9b1e7ae4-3751-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Spanish house prices just rose for the first time since the bustSeptember 8, 2014
Home prices in Spain seem to have finally scraped bottom.
According to the National Statistics Institute, Spanish home prices rose 0.8% in the second quarter, compared to the prior year . That followed a 1.6% decline in the first quarter of 2014, and marked the first time since the first quarter of 2008 that Spanish home prices have risen.
Share
Tap image to zoom
That could be the precursor to a stronger rebound in the country’s economy. In Ireland—where a similar housing boom begat a bust, which in turn begat a banking collapse and government bailout— a turnaround in the real estate market has coincided with rising consumer confidence and improved economic performance. But the scale of the value destruction in Spain’s real estate market shouldn’t be underestimated. Spanish home prices are still 36% lower than their 2007 peak.
Share this:

Centre puts onus on Supreme CourtNew Delhi, September 8, 2014
Updated: September 9, 2014 00:15 IST
Coal block allocations
Govt. leaves it to SC to decide fate of coal blocks
Krishnadas Rajagopal
The Hindu The Government on Monday left it to the Supreme Court to decide the fate of 218 coal blocks allocation held as illegal by it. File picture shows trucks waiting to upload coal at a mine in Ramgarh.
TOPICS
coal
The Government left it to the Supreme Court to do what it thought best about the 218 illegal coal block allocations, including 40 operational blocks, and said it was “not insisting on any particular course of action”.
The Ministry of Coal filed an affidavit on Monday, signalling the Supreme Court to be untrammelled by commercial concerns and cancel all 218 coal block allocations found illegal, if it serves the purpose of law.
It clarified that Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi’s submission during the September 1 court hearing to spare 40 operational coal blocks and six others, which are ready to be functional, was just a passing on of “information”.
The government urged the Supreme Court to decide the fate of the 218 coal blocks “quickly” as the country was going through a severe power crisis.
It seconded the AG’s submission on September 1 that a quick decision by the court would help the government re-allocate the coal blocks in a transparent manner and start production.
In a judgment on August 25, a bench led by Chief Justice of India R.M. Lodha had stopped short of cancelling the 218 coal blocks allocated illegally from 1993 to 2011.
The court, concerned about the impact of its judgment on coal production and industry, had then scheduled a hearing on September 1 to debate the verdict’s aftermath. It was during this hearing that Mr. Rohatgi asked the court whether it could consider sparing the 46 coal blocks to feed the country’s power plants.
But the court had responded by asking if it would not be better to start afresh.
Production figures
The government’s affidavit on Monday cleared the air, dispassionately saying that the “Central government was not insisting on any particular course of action”. It, however, stated for informative purposes that the 46 coal blocks are estimated to produce 50 million tonnes of coal in 2014–15.
The affidavit said the 40 allottees, if allowed to continue, could be made to pay an additional levy of Rs. 295 per tonne as suggested by the Comptroller and Auditor General’s report. It suggested that they could also be mandated to enter into a Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) with State utilities/DISCOMS to benefit the public.
The government said two of the 40 coal blocks were allocated to an Ultra Mega Power Project (UMPP), not declared illegal by the August 25 judgment.
Six ready-to-use coal blocks had been cleared under Rule 9 of the Colliery Control Rules, 2004 to start operations, the affidavit said. The next hearing is scheduled on September 9.

Loved ones missing or stranded in J&K floods: Put your plea across to NDRFWatch: Former MP Saifuddin Soz heckled by flood victims in Srinagar
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Coal scam: CAG cuts gain figure from over Rs 10 lakh crore to Rs 1.85 lakh croreWatch: Visuals of flood rescue operations in J&K from an IAF chopper 8 hours 28 minutes ago
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Microsoft launches new MSN in IndiaPrint
The new MSN will deliver premium content from leading media companies which includes Indian Express, Network 18, NDTV and others.
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 8:30 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 10:08 pm
Microsoft unveiled a first look of the new MSN   in India which is designed for mobile and cloud. The new MSN will deliver premium content from leading media companies which includes The Indian Express , Network 18, NDTV, India Today and others and will also come with productivity tools.
The new MSN will go live soon. Microsoft is offering a live preview at http://preview.msn.com
With this launch, Adam Anger, General Manager for Asia Pacific, Microsoft Advertising said, “There is  a fundamental shift in MSN’s thinking as we are now more focused on Internet browsing experience regardless of the devices used to connect to the Internet.  We are combining the best of both Web and Apps in the new MSN.”
The new MSN will arrive soon on Windows, Android and iOS based mobile devices. Microsoft will no longer supply the content. “We are now into content curation and have partnered with top local content providers from India for the new MSN,” said Sanjay Trehan, Head, MSN India, Microsoft Corporation (India) Pvt. Ltd.
The new MSN offers personalised settings and users will have to log in with any of their Microsoft accounts be it Skype, Outlook or Xbox.
In the coming month, MSN will launch apps across Windows Phone, iOS and Android in which users need to set their preferences once and the content will get sorted accordingly and will also come with ‘view later’ functionality.
MSN has around 425 million users globally. On an average, 13 million unique users from India visit MSN on a monthly basis.

When will FT-Kotak deal conclude FMC asks MCXFinancial Technologies
(On July 20th, 2014, Financial…)
More than a month after Financial Technologies announced the sale of its 15% stake in Multi-Commodity Exchange (MCX) to Kotak Mahindra Bank, the commodity market regulator Forward Markets Commission (FMC) has turned the heat on India's largest commodity exchange by demanding specific details on the transaction timeline, two individuals familiar with the development told ET NOW.
"The regulator is convinced that more clarity is required on the execution of the share purchase agreement between Kotak Mahindra Bank and Financial Technologies . Therefore, it has written to MCX directing it to provide the exact target date for completion of the divestment process. FMC will consider the all important nod to MCX to launch fresh contracts beyond 2014 only after it is satisfied with the required deal details," said one of the individuals cited above.
On July 20th, 2014, Financial Technologies announced that it had agreed to sell its 15% stake in MCX to Kotak Mahindra Bank for Rs 459 crore, subject to regulatory approvals.
"FMC is eager that MCX fully complies with its "not fit and proper order" and the formal conclusion of this deal is significant in that regard," added the second individual cited above. On December 2013, the commission had ordered MCX to reduce its promoter Financial Technologies stake to 2% from 26% after Financial technologies was found " not fit and proper" to own any exchange.
Trading volumes have plunged on MCX in the aftermath of the Rs 5600 cr NSEL scam (for instance, trading volumes dipped by 40% from Rs 29,317 cr on 6th September 2013 to Rs 17,597 cr on 5th September 2014) and commodity market brokers are keenly watching the status of fresh contracts for the entity as the exchange accounted for over 80% of the total commodity futures market turnover in FY14.
MCX declined to comment on a query sent by ET NOW.
FEATURED ARTICLES

When will Financial Technologies-Kotak Mahindra Bank deal conclude FMC asks MCXFinancial Technologies
(On July 20th, 2014, Financial…)
More than a month after Financial Technologies announced the sale of its 15% stake in Multi-Commodity Exchange (MCX) to Kotak Mahindra Bank, the commodity market regulator Forward Markets Commission (FMC) has turned the heat on India's largest commodity exchange by demanding specific details on the transaction timeline, two individuals familiar with the development told ET NOW.
"The regulator is convinced that more clarity is required on the execution of the share purchase agreement between Kotak Mahindra Bank and Financial Technologies . Therefore, it has written to MCX directing it to provide the exact target date for completion of the divestment process. FMC will consider the all important nod to MCX to launch fresh contracts beyond 2014 only after it is satisfied with the required deal details," said one of the individuals cited above.
On July 20th, 2014, Financial Technologies announced that it had agreed to sell its 15% stake in MCX to Kotak Mahindra Bank for Rs 459 crore, subject to regulatory approvals.
"FMC is eager that MCX fully complies with its "not fit and proper order" and the formal conclusion of this deal is significant in that regard," added the second individual cited above. On December 2013, the commission had ordered MCX to reduce its promoter Financial Technologies stake to 2% from 26% after Financial technologies was found " not fit and proper" to own any exchange.
Trading volumes have plunged on MCX in the aftermath of the Rs 5600 cr NSEL scam (for instance, trading volumes dipped by 40% from Rs 29,317 cr on 6th September 2013 to Rs 17,597 cr on 5th September 2014) and commodity market brokers are keenly watching the status of fresh contracts for the entity as the exchange accounted for over 80% of the total commodity futures market turnover in FY14.
MCX declined to comment on a query sent by ET NOW.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Barak Valley Cements: Outcome of AGMSep 08, 2014, 08.24 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Barak Valley Cements: Outcome of AGM
Barak Valley Cements has informed that the 15th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 08, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Barak Valley Cements: Outcome of AGM
Barak Valley Cements has informed that the 15th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 08, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Barak Valley Cements Ltd has informed BSE that the 15th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 08, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Dabur India s director Albert Wiseman Paterson resignsSep 08, 2014, 08.24 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Dabur India's director Albert Wiseman Paterson resigns
Dabur India has informed that Mr. Albert Wiseman Paterson, a non executive independent director of the Company has submitted his resignation w.e.f. September 08, 2014, from the Board due to preoccupation with his increased international role in other Companies.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dabur India's director Albert Wiseman Paterson resigns
Dabur India has informed that Mr. Albert Wiseman Paterson, a non executive independent director of the Company has submitted his resignation w.e.f. September 08, 2014, from the Board due to preoccupation with his increased international role in other Companies.
Post your opinion here
 
Dabur India Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Albert Wiseman Paterson, a non executive independent director of the Company has submitted his resignation w.e.f. September 08, 2014, from the Board due to preoccupation with his increased international role in other Companies.Source : BSE

Dow  S&P 500 fall  but tech lifts NasdaqNPS soars after preliminary review from FDA
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
Pharmaceutical Industry Food and Drug Administration
NEW YORK (Reuters) - NPS Pharmaceuticals Inc  rose sharply in premarket trading on Wednesday, after a preliminary review by the Food and Drug Administration said the company's hormone replacement therapy Natpara reduced the need for calcium and vitamin D supplements in clinical trials.
The stock gained 17 percent to $30.15 before the opening bell, putting it on track for its biggest one-day surge since August 2013. Volume of about 730,000 shares was almost half the stock's 50-day average of more than 1.6 million.

Blue whale numbers off the US west coast are back where they were when we started hunting themThe Sea
September 8, 2014
Finally, some good news about the ocean. After commercial whaling decimated their populations in the first half of the last century, blue whale numbers off the US west coast have at last recovered, according to just-published research . The study’s surprising findings mean the eastern North Pacific blue whale population is the first of its species to bounce back from commercial whaling, suggesting that it’s possible to heal ocean ecosystems from past destruction.
Though it’s the biggest animal in the history of the planet—almost as long as a Boeing 737, blue whales weigh on average 70 tons (64 tonnes)—they’re too swift to be easily caught. Until the 1900s, whalemen focused on smaller, slower species, like sperm or humpback whales to support demand for whale oil.
However, the blue whale’s heft also means it’s an unusually economical quarry, since a single whale yields huge sums of oil. So as diesel power upped the speed of hunting vessels in the early 1900s and as other species’ numbers dwindled, the industry began targeting blue whales—so aggressively that, by 1971, when commercial killing of blue whales officially ended, they had been hunted to the brink of extinction.
Tap image to zoom
The geographic progression of commercial harvesting of large species, including blue whales.Trevor Branch via Blue Whale News
Blue whales killed in the eastern North Pacific peaked in the late 1920s, as you can see in the chart below, from a study published earlier this year by Cole C. Monnahan and Trevor A. Branch, two of the authors of the current study. Kills picked up again in the 1950s and 1960s as Soviet ships began targeting blue whales, though it’s difficult to estimate how many were killed since the USSR didn’t report these catches to the International Whaling Commission.
Share
Tap image to zoom
The chart below shows blue whales caught in the West Pacific (“WNP”) and East Pacific (“ENP”)."Estimating North Pacific Blue Whale Catches," Monnahan et al. 2014
What happened to blue whale populations after 1971 has been something of a mystery. Scientists have long thought that the species, which is listed as “endangered,” was struggling to recover. However, since whales are hard to count, it’s been hard to tell. Many have worried that fatal ship collisions were preventing blue whale numbers from rebounding.
That’s probably not the case, though. To calculate population trends, scientists at the University of Washington modeled historical hunting data, vessel numbers, and ship strikes. The current population, they found, now numbers 2,200—about 97% of the number of blue whales that the eastern North Pacific’s ecosystem can support. In other words, their populations stopped growing because they’d hit their natural environment’s upper limit.
Their findings also suggest that around 11 blue whales a year die when they’re hit by ships, a rate that is probably not threatening the health of the overall population. However, since ship strike fatalities vary from year to year and are often unobserved and undocumented, some scientists advise that precautionary shipping lane rules  are still in order, reports Nature . In addition, other populations of whales commonly struck by ships are still endangered.
Share this:

Outcome of board meeting of Dynamatic TechnologiesOutcome of board meeting of Dynamatic Technologies
2 Indians held in Nepal for illegally carrying Indian currency2 Indians held in Nepal for illegally carrying Indian currency
Continuous review of flood situation in J&K About 20 000 persons rescued from various placesContinuous review of flood situation in J&K About 20 000 persons rescued from various places
Aditya Birla Chemicals buys Jayshree Chemicals  unit for $35 mlnAditya Birla Chemicals buys Jayshree Chemicals  unit for $35 mln
Mary Kom  spins gold at box office; northeast contribution negligibleMary Kom  spins gold at box office; northeast contribution negligible
Coal India: Near-term prospects hinge on price risesCoal India: Near-term prospects hinge on price rises
Electrolux to buy GE’s appliances armLast updated: September 8, 2014 3:30 pm
Electrolux to buy General Electric’s appliance arm for $3.3bn
By Richard Milne, Nordic Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c3819660-371f-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India s HSBC services PMI falls in AugSave this video
Copy URL
After a post-election uptick, the service sector activity in the country moderated in August, indicating a need for improvement in reform momentum to lift sentiment in the sector, an HSBC survey said.
8

Why Cultivian Ventures  Sandbox Industries invest in food production0
“The opportunity is just so large and it’s global,” Rosa said. “It’s not an industry where we’re talking about hundreds of millions, it’s trillions of dollars of agriculture and food. I’m glad we’re here right now and we’re here kind of early.”
Competition in the food and agriculture industry remains low, Meeusen said. He chalks that up to a few factors: a lack of investor experience in agriculture; the concentration of investors on the coasts, away from most U.S. agriculture production; and venture capital’s background, experience and preference for industries such as electronics and the Internet.
Meeusen said a lack of competitors allows Cultivian Sandbox to invest in a wide range of companies. The current fund includes investment in an antimicrobial solution for food-borne illnesses, a microorganism engineering and licensing firm, and rapid food-safety testing technology.
Rosa and Meeusen said they are interested in technologies that support increased productivity, food-source transparency, food safety, water and waste recycling and renewables. But involvement in that many facets of the industry “presents us with the challenge that we need to have access to a broad range of expertises,” Meeusen said.
Cultivian Sandbox investors need to know about everything from egg production to fermentation processes, he said.
“The way we skin that cat is we have spent a great deal of our time developing networks of advisors in the industrial side and the academic side,” Meeusen said. Those networks include 32 land-grant universities, agriculture trade organizations, seed trade organizations and investors with experience in the food and agriculture industries.
Meeusen said he feels the Cultivian Sandbox network has a critical mass of partners who have a vested interest in the fund’s investments.
As population growth continues to strain the world’s food supply and drive up prices, Meeusen said, the food and agriculture space could use more investment to get innovations from the lab to the field — which would mean for competition for Cultivian Sandbox. 
“We could easily have half a dozen funds doing exactly what we are and we still wouldn’t be tripping each other for deals,” Meeusen said.

How Chicago-based RIPT Apparel makes an art of supply and demandThis company's products sell for one day, then hit the 'graveyard'
A company in which artists retain ownership of the designs
'We feel like we've built this really great machine, and we're ready to push down on the accelerator'
Three childhood friends thought they’d come up with an e-commerce cash cow — a T-shirt company that didn’t require them to design, make, sell or even deliver T-shirts. All they had to do was post designs submitted by artists, let Web users vote with their credit cards, then count the money and hire suppliers to fill the orders.
Fast-forward five years to last week when RIPT Apparel CEO Matt Ingleby walked a guest around a small but bustling T-shirt factory in a former West Loop drapery warehouse that his company now owns.
Learn more about RIPT Apparel
Home of the $10 24-hour t-shirt sale 365 days per year.
Home of the $10 24-hour t-shirt sale 365 days per year.
See more videos
“This started with us meeting once a week for a few hours,” he said. “I never thought I’d be managing a print shop.”
The RIPT concept is a simple game of creating demand by limiting supply and pricing product to encourage impulsiveness. Every day, three original shirt designs go on sale for one day, at a cost of $10. At the end of the day, the company retires the shirt designs to the RIPT “graveyard,” which takes up the better part of one wall of the office’s reception area and contains more than 2,100 shirts.

Joan Rivers Rememberedreddit
When I was able to sit down with Joan Rivers for my nightly program just two months ago, it was the fulfillment of a 10-year quest to have her on the show. When I first moved to Los Angeles 27 years ago to make my mark, Joan was the very first comic that I ever saw do stand-up. She was performing at Carlos and Charlie's. I was working for Tom Bradley, the late, great mayor of this city and because of the mayor I met the owners of that iconic club. I used to go up to the lounge there to watch, learn, and laugh. So getting the opportunity to talk to her -- represented a full-circle moment for me. Over two nights, our conversation covered many things -- her devotion to her family, her legendary work ethic, her delight in making people laugh -- and then it took on what turned out to be a prescient dimension. I asked her how she would know when the time had come to stop performing. Here's her answer:
*TRANSCRIPT*
Rivers: I will know when I guess I do the same joke three times, I will know. And then I will go offstage and call Dr. Kevorkian. And you're waiting for a joke. There's no joke.
Tavis: No, no, I didn't laugh. I was just about to say I think you meant that.
Rivers: Oh, true.
Tavis: That if you couldn't be onstage, you wouldn't want to be here.
Rivers: Done. I have it in my will or whatever you call it, and the lawyer got crazy. Do not resuscitate if I cannot get up and be able to do 90 minutes onstage in concert. That's it. And my lawyer argued with me about how long [laugh].
Tavis: You wanted 90 minutes.
Rivers: He said, "What about 60?" I said, "90 minutes, Michael."
Tavis: If I can't do 90, don't even resuscitate me.
Rivers: Do not resuscitate. 90 minutes onstage. He's arguing "How about 60? We'll get a really good opening act." [Laugh] He's arguing. My life is crazy.
Tavis: I didn't laugh when you said that because I...
Rivers: Absolutely true.
Tavis: I saw in your eyes that you meant that.
Rivers: Oh, totally.
Tavis: If I can't do what I do, I don't even want to be around here.
Rivers: Don't want to sit down and be a vegetable. I don't want Melissa seeing her mother sitting there singing World War I songs, "Over there, over there..." [Laugh] "Change her catheter." I don't want any of this, uh-uh, mm-mm. Hello, Amsterdam, I'm outta here [laugh].
I've had a great life. If I drop dead right now, nobody's gonna say, "So young." [Laugh]. I've had such a great ride, such a great ride. I'm just so lucky, so lucky.
Follow Tavis Smiley on Twitter: www.twitter.com/tavissmiley
More:

Why You Have Every Right To Demand A Raise  In 1 Chartreddit
If you ever get to wondering why roughly half of America thinks we're still in a recession five years into the recovery, and after one of the longest stock-market rallies in history, just look at this chart:
This is a chart of how much of the corporate-income pie that workers get for themselves in wages and benefits. It was made by the Economic Policy Institute , a think tank focused on labor issues. That share hit a peak of nearly 84 percent right around the turn of the millennium. It is currently at about 74 percent, near its lowest point since 1950.
The chart says pretty much everything about how ridiculously uneven this "recovery" has been. It exposes how most of the benefit of the recovery has gone to employers, not employees. Corporate profits have hit record highs , and so have stock prices . Wages have stagnated , meanwhile, and low-wage jobs have accounted for most of the job growth in the recovery.
This isn't just happening in the U.S. -- it's a problem around the world . It's partly due to technological advances, partly due to jobs being shipped to where labor is the absolute cheapest, and partly due to policies designed to shovel more income to the top 1 percent, to name a few. The end result is that more wealth keeps flowing to the owners of capital, rather than to labor, just as French economist Thomas Piketty warned us .
These trends have made income inequality grow wider and widespread economic hopelessness grow deeper. That sets us up for more economic trouble ahead.
Thousands of low-wage workers are protesting today for better pay, benefits and working conditions. They're risking jail to do it. This chart is a reminder that their cause is no joke.
More:

It s Time to Retire Our Definition of Retirementreddit
Tomorrow in San Diego I'm speaking on "Thriving After 50" at the AARP's annual Ideas@50+ conference, which has me thinking about what retirement means in our culture today.
To withdraw, to go away, to retreat: These are the literal definitions of "retire," but, increasingly, they fail to accurately describe the possibilities of modern retirement. If we were choosing a word today for what life looks like as we hit our mid-60s, 70s and 80s, it seems unlikely that we'd land on "retirement." While these years bring many changes, for a growing number of people, this time of life is about anything but withdrawal or retreat.
So what to go with? "Second act"? F. Scott Fitzgerald notwithstanding, most people have long entered, and exited, multiple second acts long before they hit retirement age. So "third act"? "Next act"? "Final act"? (Much too morbid.) "Evolution"? "The shift"? "Metamorphosis"? "Transformation"? They're at least closer, because retirement now is mostly about change. And it may not look all that different from what immediately precedes it.
Just as the binary division of our day-to-day lives into "work" and "non-work" has broken down, retirement no longer means simply ending a long career. In the workplace there's a growing movement to think more holistically about our time -- a realization that our productivity, creativity, work time, leisure time, sleep, mental health, physical health and general well-being are all of a piece.
The same principles that allow us to thrive in our daily work lives can also help us thrive in retirement, or whatever we call it. Just as a productive workday depends on how we prepare ourselves for it (for example, by getting enough sleep and taking time to recharge ourselves in our off-hours), a productive, meaningful and purposeful retirement depends on what we put into it.
And right now putting enough into it, at least financially, isn't happening for far too many people. Experts estimate that for workers to keep their current standard of living, they need to have available anywhere from 10 to 20 times what they earn each year, yet, according to the Employee Benefit Research Institute , around 36 percent of American workers have less than $1,000 in retirement savings (outside their homes and pension plans), 60 percent have under $25,000, and 58 percent of working Americans say they have debt problems. Another study found that among middle-class working Americans, nearly half will be poor or almost poor in their retirement years, able to spend just $5 a day on food.
All this comes at an especially challenging time. The Great Recession has not resulted in anything like a "Great Recovery," with millions of workers still left out in the cold and many of the job gains coming in lower-wage sectors or in part-time work, neither of which is great for building up a retirement-savings account.
Add to that the fact that the so-called "sandwich generation" -- those who are supporting parents aged 65 or older while at the same time supporting a child -- will soon be approaching retirement. Though we Greeks have been happily sandwiching for, well, generations, for many it can be a severe financial strain. An astounding one in seven middle-aged American workers is giving some kind of financial support to both a parent and a child, and this is a number that seems likely to increase, as 14 percent of those aged 24 to 34 are still living with their parents.
All told, according to Boston College's Center for Retirement Research, the current retirement-income deficit -- the difference between the retirement resources current American workers will need and the retirement resources they have -- stands at a staggering $6.6 trillion .
On the upside, we're also living longer, with the remaining life expectancy of a 65-year-old American male having risen from 14.7 years in 1980 to 18.7 years in 2012. So it's no wonder that, on the downside, retirement is the top financial worry of most Americans, according to a recent Gallup poll .
So financial security is obviously important. And that means incorporating our retirement years into our day-to-day thinking in our younger working years -- something that's easier to do when we think of our lives and our well-being as a whole rather than split up into "work" and "non-work." This requires us to regularly pause, reflect and think about what it is we really want out of retirement. If we are engaged in a manic and distracted climb up the career ladder, it becomes just as easy to ignore our long-term financial well-being as it is to ignore our day-to-day well-being. At the moment only 44 percent of American workers say they've even tried to add up what they'll need for retirement.
I know, I know, every piece gives us all the same financial advice, on maxing our employer contributions, saving, etc. We all know it, just like we know we should eat a healthy mix of fruits and vegetables and get daily exercise. But we also know that life doesn't always work out the way we plan. And at a much larger level recent years have seen major changes in our economic and job landscapes, prompting more and more arguments that government policy should reflect those changes. Teresa Ghilarducci, an economics professor at the New School, says it's time to acknowledge that simply recommending that people save more isn't enough. "This do-it-yourself pension system has failed," she writes . "It has failed because it expects individuals without investment expertise to reap the same results as professional investors and money managers." So she calls for the government to create mandatory, guaranteed retirement-savings accounts, which would be managed professionally. Likewise, Steven Rattner, who ran President Obama's task force to overhaul the automobile industry during the recession, advocates more government involvement, especially given the low savings rates of millennials. He notes the Australian policy of requiring that 9 percent of wages be put into retirement accounts, along with tax incentives to encourage even more savings voluntarily. "Young Americans are on track to be worse off in retirement than their parents," he writes . "Let's not just sit by and watch that happen."
Unfortunately, given the current toxic situation in Washington, it's unlikely that grand solutions, even those that would benefit almost everybody -- especially those that would benefit almost everybody -- are going to be getting a presidential signature anytime soon.
In a practical sense what this means for many Americans coming up on retirement is... not retiring. Indeed, three quarters of American workers believe they'll continue working past their retirement age. Many already are: Another poll found that the average retirement age is now 62, the highest since Gallup began asking the question in 1991. And for those born after 1960, the Social Security Administration has upped the age of retirement with full benefits to 67.
Of course, many will keep working because they have to financially. Others will keep working because the "gold" in our so-called "golden years" doesn't have to come from just watching sunsets. For many 70 really is the new 50. Increasingly people are rejecting the idea of retirement as a withdrawal. They want their later years to have as much meaning and purpose as their primary working years -- or, in the case of many, more purpose and more meaning.
Since retirement is often discussed in purely financial terms, we tend to think of retirement as a fixed supply of resources, to be drawn down little by little. So we are advised to prepare for our retirement by amassing a big-enough supply of resources and planning for how to protect those resources and dole them out in amounts as small as we can.
As necessary as this may be financially, there can be a tendency to let this kind of thinking dominate our approach to other aspects of retirement. This is what can make retirement seem like a diminishing, a disengagement, a time of constriction and shrinking possibilities.
But this doesn't have to be the case. A thriving retirement can, and should, be an amazing time of connection, engagement, expansion and widened possibilities. And the same forces that are converging to redefine success in the workplace -- the growing rejection of burnout, overwork and exhaustion, along with the recognition that thriving should go beyond the pursuit of money and power to include well-being, wisdom, wonder and giving back -- are also redefining retirement.
A growing number of resources exist to help people find their way in this new retirement landscape. The AARP has launched a project called Life Reimagined for Work , which bills itself as "a think-and-do lab dedicated to helping people reimagine their lives." The project helps connect people with companies looking to hire experienced employees, hosts group LinkedIn discussions on work and life issues and features stories about people who have gone on to successful second, third and fourth acts.
In partnership with the Small Business Administration, the AARP has also promoted April as Encore Entrepreneurial Mentor Month , in which those over 50 can attend workshops and seminars and take free online courses. This year nearly 120,000 people participated.
In 2007, at age 75, Jan Hively co-founded Shift , a nonprofit networking group that helps people find fulfilling and sustainable work later in life.
Encore.org is a nonprofit dedicated to promoting "second acts for the greater good" for those over 50. "We're envisioning this chapter as a time when we make some of our most important contributions, for ourselves, for our world, for the well-being of future generations," says founder and CEO Marc Freedman.
And just this week saw the publication of a new book called Unretirement: How Baby Boomers Are Changing the Way We Think About Work, Community, and the Good Life , by Chris Farrell. "I don't think there will be a retirement crisis if we continue to work longer," he told Time's Mark Miller. "But we're going to want to do it with jobs that provide meaning rather than those that make people just miserable enough that they have to continue to work." The first step to a thriving "unretirement," he says, is to "begin by asking yourself what it is you want to be doing."
But to really know what we want to do, we have to know ourselves, what we really value and what makes us truly happy and fulfilled. It's not a surprise that when we define ourselves solely by our work and that work is taken away, we can find ourselves feeling lost and adrift, as happens to so many retirees. But if we realize that we're more than our résumés, it will make for a much easier transition to a time when we stop adding new items to those résumés.
One of the best ways to know ourselves is actually to connect with others. And giving is one of the most meaningful ways to connect. Of course, the principle of giving has been a pillar of virtually every religion and philosophical enterprise for millennia, but recently there has been a deluge of scientific studies validating this ancient wisdom about the power of giving to transform the giver as much as or more than the recipient. And retirement can be one of the richest opportunities to give.
More and more businesses are creating programs that encourage volunteering among their retirees. For instance, when 72-year-old Alan Toney retired from Michelin, he bought a motorcycle for a long-planned ride across all seven continents. Nine years later, having traversed all but Antarctica, he began volunteering by teaching underprivileged boys as part of Michelin's retirement program. "I love travel and motorcycles, but in the classroom it comes down to one basic truth," he said . "When I see the light come on in a kid's eyes, and he says, 'I get it!' It's priceless. I feel invested in these kids."
It's the kind of investment that's not often included when we talk about retirement. Whether our financial resources when we retire are fixed or not, our mental, emotional and spiritual resources are definitely not. They need to be regularly replenished and can continue to grow. And the way to make those resources grow the most is to constantly give them away.
As a building contractor, 59-year-old Barry Duckworth was looking for something where he could, as he put it , "be a kinder person." So he created a tutor-placement business that matches tutors to children who need them. "I get to hear about children who blossom as they grasp concepts that were alien to them before," he says. "Success for us means losing a customer."
Then there's 72-year-old David Roll, who was a Washington lawyer until his retirement 10 years ago. Now, in addition to writing books about history, he runs a nonprofit called Lex Mundi, which offers free legal services to social entrepreneurs. "I love it," he said . "It has its frustrations, because you've got to raise money to keep it going. But to have created something that is having an impact. ... Not every social entrepreneur is changing the world, but they are some doing amazing things."
Still other seniors are choosing to downsize, often selling nearly all their possessions, which they trade for mobility and freedom, qualities that can become diminished for many seniors. And with that freedom they have an even greater ability to connect and engage, like Gary Norton, who, after retiring from his 34-year career as a science professor at a South Dakota community college, bought an RV with his wife. Now he drives around the country volunteering, guided by organizations like Nomads on a Mission Active in Divine Service and Habitat for Humanity's RV Care-A-Vanners . Their projects often include helping rebuild communities hit by natural disasters. "Now what we're doing is so satisfying and fulfilling, even though we have some health issues, we say we don't want to quit," Norton said .
When we talk about retirement, we often use the same rhetoric that dominates our economic debate: how big our deficits are, how little we have to work with, what we can't do. It's time to open up the conversation to include our surpluses and what we can do, not just individually but collectively. All around us there are millions of the most creative, productive and entrepreneurial workers, people who have amassed incredible expertise and talents over decades, and then we "retire" them, along with all that accumulated talent, expertise and potential.
The way we think and talk about retirement needs to catch up to what is already happening. The time has come to retire the old definition of retirement. A thriving retirement is, of course, greatly aided by financial security, but to truly thrive means much more than just having met your "number" on a 401(k) statement. It means realizing that retirement can be a time of expansion, engagement and adventure.
Follow Arianna Huffington on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ariannahuff
More:

(VIDEO) AOL to Expand Ad Automated Marketplace with Big Focus on Linear TVreddit
AOL's rapid's development of an automated marketplace, for advertisers and publishers to buy and sell digital ads, will expand  in the year ahead with a big focus on linear TV planning and buying,  says Bob Lord, CEO of AOL Platforms, in this interview with Beet.TV.
Lord predicts consolidation among tech vendors in the coming months.  The company will expand by "taking new partners into the fold."  Whether that means specific acquisition plans, Lord did not say.
Lord joined AOL last year from the global digital agency Razorfish where was global CEO.
We spoke with him for "The Road to DMEXCO," a series of interviews with industry leaders produced in New York, London and San Francisco sponsored by the automatic content recognition (ACR) technology provider  Civolution .
Please find  more videos from the series here .  Beet.TV is a media sponsor of  DMEXCO  and will be covering the conference extensively.
You can find this post on Beet.TV.
Follow Andy Plesser on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Beet_TV
More:

By Air  Land And Sea  The Military Is Going Green To Save Lives And Moneyreddit
"Climate change affects the sons and the daughters who are currently stepping up to wear the uniform of our country." - Former Sen. John W. Warner
This month, one of America's most accomplished "naval persons" in recent memory will attend a well-deserved christening ceremony in his honor for a new submarine, SSN 785 John Warner. U.S. Senator John Warner is a true American hero, having served his country as a Navy enlisted sailor, a Marine lieutenant, Secretary of the Navy and United States Senator from the Commonwealth of Virginia. As there are few people in this country, let alone the rest of the world, with such a resume, I am particularly encouraged by Senator Warner's latest endeavor: fighting the threat climate change presents to our armed forces and our nation.
Moving to a low carbon economy is one of the greatest challenges -- and opportunities -- that our country faces today. The imperative nature of the issue is unfortunately not obvious to all, and overemphasis from some political factions on the challenges, instead of the opportunities, continues to impede progress. It's particularly noteworthy then, that the United States Armed Forces is out in front on this issue. Perhaps it's surprising, initially, to think of a group like the U.S. Navy as a leader in clean energy, but when one considers the facts, the military has much to gain by turning to renewable sources of clean, reliable energy.
According to a 2011 report, one out of eight U.S. Army casualties in Iraq was the result of protecting fuel convoys. By simply adding solar panels at forward operating bases, troops in the field can dramatically cut the amount of diesel fuel needed to run generators, saving lives and money.
In 2012, the Department of Defense had $3 billion in unplanned expenses from 2011-2012 because of fluctuations in the price of fuel, according to the Congressional Research Service. This is an unnecessary burden to taxpayers, and underscores the need for increased energy security.
So what are DOD and the U.S. Armed Forces doing about this? While serving as a senior adviser to the Pew Project on National Security, Energy and Climate, Senator Warner testified before the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee's Subcommittee on Energy and Power, praising military installations that are "adopting clean energy technologies" and "improving energy efficiency" for "saving taxpayer dollars and lessening risks to our troops."
The Department of Defense has a goal to derive 25 percent of its energy from renewable sources by 2025, and already has close to 700 renewable projects operating across its bases, generating 7 percent of its energy needs today. The first Navy ship to deploy using a hybrid-electric propulsion system, the USS Makin Island, will save $250 million on fuel costs over its lifecycle. An energy efficiency partnership between Tinker Air Force and Honeywell will save the base $170 million over 20 years.
Of course, some critics are skeptical. Isn't "going green" too expensive they ask? Can't we just use American oil, instead of foreign oil? The fact is, all of these criticisms miss the more important point. The military isn't going green for fun or for positive public relations -- they're doing it because it saves lives and money. The fact is, oil markets are global, no matter the origin of the product. This means, for every $10 rise in the price of a barrel of oil, it costs the Department of Defense an additional $1.3 billion -- more than the entire procurement budget of the Marines. Seems to me like not going green may prove too expensive, as Middle Eastern conflicts continue to rock oil markets, despite the recent boom in U.S. drilling.
Furthermore, ACORE's National Defense and Security Initiative is working to unite the private and public sector in support of these goals and projects. The 2014 Renewable Energy for Military Installations Industry Review notes , "Renewable energy is not just a 'policy objective' for the armed forces, but also an 'operational imperative.' The deployable and decentralized energy production possibilities offered by renewable sources, and by enabling technologies like microgrids, have tremendous implications for the safety, security, and effectiveness of the military." This report shows that a public-private partnership to achieve sustainability goals is achievable, and can boost both America's security and America's businesses.
The shift in attitude toward reliable renewables and away from volatile fossil fuels truly is mission critical. From financial costs to human costs, this piece of the low carbon transition is off to a bright start thanks to leaders like Senator John Warner. But make no mistake, there is much still to be done. A serious transition to biofuels for the Navy and Air Force is key. We must invest in hardened solar panels and battery technology for the field. Our government can further partner with trusted private sector experts like Lockheed Martin on new energy solutions. And we need to stop treating renewable energy like a novelty -- it's not an alternative, it is a real deal asset class with the ability to hedge fuel costs.
As long as our national defense is at stake, energy will be a central issue. Let's go beyond "supporting the troops," and start supporting the entire United States military as they move forward with smarter energy choices.
Brower is the President & CEO of the American Council On Renewable Energy (ACORE), a nonprofit organization dedicated to building a secure and prosperous America with clean, renewable energy.
Follow Michael Brower on Twitter: www.twitter.com/acoremrb
More:

Rethinking Emissions Reductionreddit
Whether at United Nations climate change summits or one of many "green growth" forums, renewables and energy efficiency are consistently regarded as the solution to global warming. Even the coal industry adopted the efficiency line in its Warsaw Communiqué, released ahead of the UN's COP19 summit last November. But a closer look at the global energy system, together with a more refined understanding of the emissions challenge, reveals that fossil fuels will probably remain dominant through this century -- meaning that carbon capture and storage (CCS) may well be the critical technology for mitigating climate change.
The widespread focus on efficiency and renewable energy stems from the dissemination of the Kaya Identity, which the Japanese economist Yoichi Kaya developed in 1993. Kaya calculated carbon dioxide emissions by multiplying total population by per capita GDP, energy efficiency (energy use per unit of GDP), and carbon intensity (carbon dioxide emissions per unit of energy). Given the impracticality of winning support for proposals based on population management or limits on individual wealth, analyses using the Kaya Identity tend to bypass the first two terms, leaving energy efficiency and carbon intensity as the most important determinants of total emissions.
But this convenient interpretation does not correspond to reality. The fact is that the rate at which carbon dioxide is being released into the ocean/atmosphere system is several orders of magnitude greater than the rate at which it is returning to geological storage through processes like weathering and ocean sedimentation. In this context, what really matters is the cumulative amount of carbon dioxide being released over time -- a fact that the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change recognized in its recently released Fifth Assessment Report.
Since the industrial age began some 250 years ago, roughly 580 billion tons of fossil-fuel and land-fixed carbon -- more than two trillion tons of carbon dioxide -- have been released into the atmosphere, leading to a shift in the global heat balance and a likely 1°C increase in surface temperature (the median of a distribution of outcomes). At the current rate, a trillion tons of carbon, or some 2°C of warming, could be reached as early as 2040.
This view does not align with the prevailing mechanisms for measuring progress on emissions reduction, which target specific annual outcomes. While reducing the annual flow of emissions by, say, 2050 would be a positive step, it does not necessarily guarantee success in terms of limiting the eventual global temperature rise.
From a climate perspective, the temperature rise over time is arguably more a function of the size of the fossil-fuel resource base and the efficiency of extraction at a given energy price. As supply-chain efficiency increases, so does the eventual extraction and use of resources and, ultimately, the accumulation of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. This means that efficiency may drive, not limit, the increase in emissions.
In fact, since the Industrial Revolution, efficiency through innovation has revolutionized just a handful of core energy-conversion inventions: the internal combustion engine, the electric motor, the light bulb, the gas turbine, the steam engine, and, more recently, the electronic circuit. In all of these cases, the result of greater efficiency has been an increase in energy use and emissions -- not least because it improved access to the fossil-resource base.
Countries' efforts to rely on renewable energy supplies are similarly ineffective, given that the displaced fossil-fuel-based energy remains economically attractive, which means that it is used elsewhere or later. And, in the case of rapidly developing economies like China, renewable-energy deployment is not replacing fossil fuels at all; instead, renewables are supplementing a constrained fuel supply to facilitate faster economic growth. In short, placing all bets on renewable-energy uptake outpacing efficiency-driven growth, and assuming that enhanced efficiency will drive down demand, may be a foolish gamble.
Instead, policymakers should adopt a new climate paradigm that focuses on limiting cumulative emissions. This requires, first and foremost, recognizing that, while new energy technologies will eventually outperform fossil fuels both practically and economically, demand for fossil fuels to meet growing energy needs will underpin their extraction and use for decades to come.
Most importantly, it highlights the need for climate policy that focuses on the deployment of CCS systems, which use various industrial processes to capture carbon dioxide from fossil fuel use and then store it in underground geological formations, where it cannot accumulate in the biosphere. After all, consuming a ton of fossil fuel, but capturing and storing the emissions, is very different from shifting or delaying the consumption of that same ton of fuel.
Unfortunately, a policy framework built on this thinking remains elusive. The European Union's recently released 2030 framework for climate and energy policies shows a continued focus on domestic policies centered on efficiency and renewable energy deployment. While the framework mentions CCS, whether the EU commits to its deployment remains to be seen.
Rallying support and political will for CCS -- instead of derivative approaches that misconstrue the nature of the problem -- will be the real challenge for 2030 and beyond.
Copyright Project Syndicate , 2014. Reproduced with permission.
Follow David Hone on Twitter: www.twitter.com/davidshellblog
More:

NY Times  Big Joan Rivers MessupCopyright ©2014 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved.
Part of HuffPost Business - AOL Money & Finance
Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story.
Notify message

PM wants to know how to reach you through radioPM wants to know how to reach you through radio
Shishir Sinha
Suggest the outline and structure of the radio address. Views can be given on four key aspects.
New Delhi, Sept 6:  
The Prime Minister Narendra Modi wants to connect to you through radio. He wants you to suggest him how to do it. Suggestions can be given on www.mygov.in
The website introduces the concept by saying, “You have seen him on television, heard his speeches on the internet, visited his historic rallies and 'followed' him on social media. Now, the Prime Minister Narendra Modi wants to interact with you through the radio! From Kashmir to Kanyakumari, from Maharashtra to Manipur the PM would interact with the people of India.”
People have been asked to suggest the outline and structure of the radio address. Views can be given on four key aspects. The first one is frequency of the address which mean how often should the address be-monthly, once in two months, once in three months? Should the days be decided - for example 2nd and 4th Sundays of the month at a fixed time 11 AM.
The second aspect is nature of the address and topics. This means, "What ground should it cover - should it be a general address to the nation or should it cover specific topics such as good governance, women empowerment, self-sufficiency in defence.”
The third aspect is structure of the address where the Prime Minister would like to know what format he follow?
People have also been asked to suggest name of the address. “Suggest a title for the series of addresses. The name must be creative and capture the true essence behind such a programme,” the website says.
Currently, Radio has much wider reach than any other source of information.
According to information available on the website of All India Radio, 99.2 per cent of population and 92 per cent of the geographical area of the country covered by its radio broadcast through primary grade signals (combination of Medium Wave or MW and Frequency Modulation or FM signal).
It can be heard on fixed radio sets, portable transistors, mobile hand set and MP3 players.
(This article was published on September 6, 2014)

Women in Business: Q&A with Angela Lee  Founder of SHOLDITreddit
Growing up rural, Angela Lee began in a one-room, eight-student school with a grandfather telling her to marry rich to be successful. Lee took this foundation to fight for her dream in fashion. With a twenty dollar sewing machine and no industry connections, SHOLDIT , in just under two years, has been featured nationally including The TODAY Show, GMA, Forbes, and sold by top retailers. Now the mission is to inspire freedom beyond products: to encourage others to accomplish their own seemingly impossible dreams.
How has your life experience made you the leader you are today?
Always be a student, yet know when your instincts tell you to be the teacher.
How has your previous employment experience aided your position at SHOLDIT?
My early years of growing up in rural Nebraska taught me to work extremely hard, be efficient, and that you never know when you need your neighbor so be kind, honest, and giving. My first venture, I partnered and expanded a local business magazine which taught me a lot about networking, sales, and managing a start up in general.
What have the highlights and challenges been during your tenure at SHOLDIT?
Taking an idea, a $20 sewing machine, and no industry connections and figuring out everyday "how am I going to make this work?"  I've had to learn how to secure patents, register companies, how to source and manufacture, how to hire the right people, understand our customer; both direct and at wholesale, e-commerce, the list goes on....but I love the challenge and surrounding myself with fun and equally driven people.
Why did you want to want to start your own business?
I'm a very independent and stubborn visionary so I knew I would never be hired by anyone else.
What advice can you offer women who are seeking to start their own business?
Imagine it like riding a bull....you get on and it seems calm and then all of a sudden, the gate opens and you're in for the ride of your life where you can't predict how it's going to buck. Everyday brings a new challenge, but I've learned passion will get you anywhere you want to go. Build relationships, but you have to build your own destiny. I think it's important to always look at things as stepping stones and never get comfortable...you have got to be able to forecast and be willing to change.
How do you maintain a work/life balance?
What, I have a life?  Well...no matter where I am I always try to schedule my day to make sure I've fed my health, my brain, my business, and my soul....well and my German Shepherd, Karma too!
What do you think is the biggest issue for women in the workplace?
Honestly, I think the only issue is confidence. If you want anything bad enough, there are NO excuses....just make your own trail.
How has mentorship made a difference in your professional and personal life?
I am extremely passionate about mentorship. I have never had one mentor, I have had many. I need to gather as much information from as many people possible and then analyze and follow what my instincts tell me. I am very grateful for all those who have inspired and taken time for me. Thank You!
Which other female leaders do you admire and why?
I want to start by saying I don't believe affiliations should get in the way of finding admiration in people. Inspiration is found in diversity. with that said, I have so many women to name but I feel this is good mix: Megyn Kelly has such confidence and inspiring power of attraction, it's truly incredible. Tory Johnson for her strong will, openess, and passion to help fellow women entrepreneurs succeed. Sally Jewell is an inspirtation for her deep seeded passion for children, the outdoors and bringing them together. Arianna Huffington, obviously...we wouldn't be at this union if not for her achievement. Oprah of course, look at the road this woman built against all odds. And the slam dunk, if I could hire a spokes person for SHOLDIT, the one the only Betty White....seriously, who doesn't love this woman?!
What do you want SHOLDIT to accomplish in the next year?
My goal is to continue to grow the company in the right direction for the right reasons. I have a quote I feel sums up our philosophy fairly well: "The best teams are made up of a bunch of nobodies who love everybody and serve anybody and don't care about becoming a somebody."-Phil Dooley. Nuff said.
Follow Laura Dunn on Twitter: www.twitter.com/lauraemilyd
More:

Bull market alive for 2 000 daysStocks: Bull market alive for 2,000 days
By Matt Egan  @mattmegan5 September 7, 2014: 9:33 AM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The bull market is now more than 2,000 days old, meaning it's been going longer than SnapChat and Tinder -- combined.
To put another it way, a baby born at the start of the bull market would be entering kindergarten now.
Even though many Americans haven't felt the surge in stock prices , the positive run on Wall Street is already the fourth-longest since 1928, according to Bespoke Investment Group.
"We've had both a recovery in confidence and a recovery in earnings. It's not a fluke because it's really based on fundamentals," said Anastasia Amoroso, a global market strategist who helps oversee about $500 billion at JPMorgan ( JPM ) Funds.
A bull market is defined as a rally of at least 20% following a drop of at least 20%. In other words, a really big jump in stock prices following a scary tumble.
Related: Sports betting vs. the stock market
From 666 to 2,000: The market plunge sparked by the Great Recession caused the S&P 500 to plummet nearly 60% as investors began to fear an economic depression.
But ever since March 9, 2009, U.S. stocks have soared 200% as a complete collapse of the financial system was averted and economic growth returned.
The S&P 500 has skyrocketed from a low of 666 in 2009 to as high as 2,011 earlier last week. The bull market officially hit the 2,000 calendar day mark on August 30.
To put this into context, the average bull market for the S&P 500 lasts just 933 days, Bespoke said. That means the current run is already twice as long as the typical one.
Related: 6 hot tech stocks that could soon be sold
Too late to jump in? All of this has led some on Wall Street to fear the string of good luck could be nearing an end. Some even believe stocks are in the midst of a bubble that could pop in an ugly way soon.
But optimism is still the driving force in investment circles. More optimistic forecasters say it's not too late to jump into the market, even if you've missed the gigantic rally over the past five years.
Related: Is it time for Wall Street to issue a correction?
"We don't see any prospect of a recession any time soon," said Bruce McCain, who helps oversee more than $20 billion as chief investment strategist at Key Private Bank.
While the size of the upcoming gains might be more muted, McCain said "you should be able to capitalize on overall earnings growth."
Amoroso echoed that sentiment, saying: "It's not too late but investors do need to realize that expectations of future returns have come down."
Related: 10 record-breaking stocks
A few market watchers remain very bullish on stocks. Last week Morgan Stanley ( MS ) predicted the S&P 500 could surge to 3,000 by 2020 because the lackluster economic recovery doesn't appear nearing its end.
Longest bull run lasted 12 years: It's worth noting that the bull market isn't even close to as old as the longest two run-ups ever.
Stocks would have to rally for almost another two years to match the second-longest ever run ever. That record belongs to the 1949-56 bull market that lasted 2,607 days and drove the S&P 500 267% higher, Bespoke said.
Related: Emerging markets roar back to life
The odds are stacked against the current bull market dethroning the all-time record of 4,494 days, or just over 12 years. That remarkable run occurred between December 1987 and March 2000, impressively spanning parts of five presidential terms.
The S&P 500 skyrocketed from just 234 to 1,527, or roughly 582%, during that incredible market run.
If the current bounce in stocks were to achieve that record, it wouldn't die until 2021. That's when the next U.S. president is hoping he or she will be embarking on their second term.
First Published: September 7, 2014: 9:33 AM ET
Join the Conversation

Amit Shah faces flak for communal tension remarkAmit Shah faces flak for communal tension remark
Agencies
PTI Stirring controversy BJP President Amit Shah during a visit to Dakshineswar Kali Temple in Kolkata on Sunday.
TV channel clarifies statement; Congress says BJP should be disqualified from polls
New Delhi/Kolkata, September 7:  
Congress leader Manish Tewari on Sunday lashed out at BJP President Amit Shah for saying that if communal tension continues in Uttar Pradesh, the BJP will form the next government in the State. Tewari said the Election Commission should disqualify the BJP on grounds of communalising the country’s political process.
“If this is the fundamental idea of BJP in order to get electoral advantage, the Election Commission and courts must take suo moto advantage. It makes out a clear case for the disqualification of the Bharatiya Janata Party on grounds of politicisation, on grounds of communalising the political processes,” said Tewari.
India TV on Sunday issued a clarification stating that Shah had clearly told the channel that his party never tries to win elections by taking recourse to communal tensions. It quoted Shah as having said in Rajat Sharma’s Aap Ki Adalat programme that BJP garners votes on the basis of its policies and programmes.
Shah was also quoted as saying Assembly elections are due in Maharashtra and Haryana but there is no communal tension in these States. On the other hand, in UP there is communal tension because the SP is adopting a one-sided approach. If the BJP comes to power in UP, it will be because of the wrong policies of SP, the party president said.
NCP leader Majid Memon said Shah should not make such claims as the UP polls are far off. “Amit Shah is the chief of ruling party and, therefore, he should choose his statements carefully. The comment — that if riots persist we will claim power – this is a dangerous statement and we condemn it,” he said.
CPI leader Atul Kumar Anjan also condemned Shah’s statements. “BJP chief Amit Shah’s comment that if communal riots continue in Uttar Pradesh, they will be able to form government there is a clear indication that BJP is trying to have alliance with Bahujan Samaj Party and other parties to form government. They have started their operation UP,” he said. Anjan further said that the BJP cannot sit peacefully until they claim power in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar.
RJD leader Manoj Jha said the BJP is not only going against the Constitution but is also resorting to criminal means to gain power. “What is your idea of politics? Is your idea of politics to kill people? To create a situation whereby thousands of people lose their lives? And what you get, you form the government,” said Jha.
Meanwhile, accusing the Trinamool Congress of being involved in the Saradha scam, Amit Shah on Sunday asserted the Central Government is not afraid of anybody in bringing the guilty to the books.
Saradha scam
Addressing a party rally here for the first time after taking over the party’s reins as its president, Shah launched a scathing attack on the Mamata Banerjee-led government over a host of issues, including illegal Bangladeshi immigrants.
“When a few thousand farmers lost their land in Singur and Nandigram, Didi (Banerjee) had fasted for days. But now that 17 lakh poor people have lost their deposits to the Saradha scam, why don’t you now feel like fasting?”
“You are not fasting because it’s your cronies who are involved in the scam,” said Shah.
Shah’s comments come at a time when the CBI has interrogated several high-profile names and has again taken the custody of suspended Trinamool MP Kunal Ghosh.
(This article was published on September 7, 2014)

SBI Contra Fund: SellThe fund’s strategy to stay defensive in 2013 hurt performance
September 7, 2014:  
Contra funds, which bet on beaten-down, out-of-flavour sectors and stocks, are believed to be a good way to play shifts in sector preferences during market rallies. But in many cases, diversified equity funds have delivered superior returns compared with contra funds, even from the same fund house. SBI Contra Fund is a classic example.
The fund not only lagged its benchmark BSE 100 Index over a three- and five-year time frame, but also underperformed peers such as Religare Invesco Contra and Kotak Classic Equity.
Fundas
No meaningful exposure to contra themes
Sector choices like SBI Bluechip, but returns lower
Instead, investment in SBI Bluechip, a diversified equity fund with a large-cap slant from the same fund house, would have yielded better returns. In the last one year, SBI Bluechip Fund delivered around 66 per cent, which is 6 percentage points higher than SBI Contra. Also, the fund underperformed its benchmark 60 per cent of the time in the last five years. Investors can use the 60 per cent jump in the scheme’s NAV in the last one year as a good exit opportunity and switch investments to a diversified equity fund with a good track record. The fund’s strategy to stay defensive in 2013 not only impacted its performance but also failed to justify the scheme’s investment objective.
Not really contra
In SBI Contra’s case, the fund lost out on the opportunity in cyclical sectors due to lack of meaningful exposure to themes such as metals, capital goods, engineering, construction and financials when the market bottomed out in August 2013.
By end August 2013, almost 32 per cent of SBI Contra’s assets were invested in defensive themes – IT, pharma and consumer goods. SBI Bluechip as well had a little over 32 per cent of its assets in these themes then.
Thus, the fund failed to provide the real flavour of a contra theme.
Comparing the portfolio of SBI Contra and Bluechip Fund, the latter had more multi-baggers than Contra Fund – Bharat Forge, Federal Bank and YES Bank being the notable ones.
The fund did hike exposure to cyclical themes since early this year. Even so, a little over 30 per cent of the scheme’s assets are still invested in defensives. More than a fourth of its assets are invested in financial stocks.
Investment in SBI Contra Fund five years back would have fetched annual returns of just 9 per cent, lower than the gains made by investing in a good diversified equity fund.
(This article was published on September 7, 2014)

The inclusion triangleSubir Gokarn |  Sep 07, 2014
Last Updated at 10:50 PM IST
Subir Gokarn: The inclusion triangle
The right combination of product, delivery and awareness is critical to the Jan Dhan Yojana's success
A triangle is symbolically important because it is the smallest number of lines needed to bound a space. Inclusion essentially means expanding the bounded space, so that those who were earlier outside can now come inside. The recently launched Jan Dhan Yojana (JDY), the government's big push towards financial inclusion, aims to rapidly expand that space. Let me use a triangular approach to assess its prospects. The three sides of my inclusion triangle are product, delivery and awareness.
On the product side of the triangle, the JDY could potentially make a quantum leap. The first stage of the inclusion strategy was focussed on opening bank accounts, logically seen as creating the last-mile channels for financial access. But, the fact that the channel existed was no guarantee that anything meaningful would flow through it. Consequently, the policy rhetoric moved to something referred to as "meaningful financial inclusion". This meant that the channels created were actually being used to deliver financial products - savings, credit, insurance and pensions. In November 2012, the Ernakulam district in Kerala was recognised as being the first to achieve meaningful inclusion, which essentially meant that virtually all households had at least one account and a non-negligible number of them were consuming one or more of these four categories of products.
What the JDY does is to compress the two-stage process into one. By offering an overdraft facility as well as both life and accident insurance with every account, it significantly increases the appeal of plugging into the financial system. I think that the most important aspect of this packaging, at least in the short term, is the overdraft facility. It can compete directly with the credit services that the informal sector currently provides people with relatively small requirements of capital.
However, in order to do this effectively, two factors need to be considered. The first is pricing. The general perception about informal credit is that it is extremely expensive. But, a correct assessment of its effectiveness cannot be made on the absolute level of the interest rate charged. It must be based on the return on capital (in textbook terms, the marginal product of capital) that the borrower is able to generate. At very low levels of capital employed, returns tend to be very high, therefore justifying the interest rates charged. The organised sector may be able to deliver credit to this constituency of borrowers at a price lower than the informal sector, but commercial viability will require a price much higher than that charged to traditional borrowers.
The second, which also relates to the next side of the triangle, i.e. delivery, is the issue of who bears the risk. Banks may provide the conduit and can presumably bear the credit risk intrinsic to the product, but the insurance risks will clearly have to be borne by insurance companies. An additional dimension to this issue is that the programme will inevitably have to use non-banking channels for delivery, for reasons that I will come to later. The ability of such channels to bear risks will vary, for both structural and regulatory reasons. Therefore, there must be mechanisms in place that allow for transparent and smooth risk transfers across institutions. Securitisation became a dirty word in the wake of the financial crisis of 2008, but its virtues in enabling such transfers should not be forgotten.
Coming to the delivery side of the triangle, a critical lesson that needs to be learnt from the informal sector is doorstep delivery. For the constituency being targeted by JDY, the opportunity cost of time is extremely high; visiting a bank or any other location to transact may just not be worth the price. The business correspondent (BC) model was supposed to solve this problem. The BC is in essence a home delivery banker. The only problem is that s/he, with the exception of cash transactions, has not really had a product to deliver! The challenge for JDY is to create a viable last-mile capacity to both distribute the product package and, very importantly, ensure payments and repayments.
Banks were supposed to do this, but, couldn't or didn't. In the meantime, several alternative channels of delivery have emerged. In the financial space, these include non-bank financial companies, particularly microfinance institutions, business correspondent networks and pre-paid instrument providers. Going a step beyond, telecom companies and consumer goods companies also have extensive networks, the former with the added benefit of know-your-customer regulatory requirements. At this stage in the process, there is no - or certainly not enough - evidence to suggest that any one of these channels is superior to the other.
In addition to all of these, there's the new kid on the block - the payment bank. The guidelines for these indicate that they will not be able to provide credit. However, they could presumably act as last-mile agents for banks and insurance companies, identifying and servicing customers of credit and insurance products.
Essentially, an effective delivery model requires a combination of significant last-mile capacity - all existing players and whichever new ones enter the fray - and a back end - banks and insurance companies - with efficient risk transfer and contract enforcement mechanisms linking the two. This is, of course, a classic wholesale-retail model, which works extremely well in so many sectors. With the right arrangements in place, there is no reason why it can't work here as well. Whether the right arrangements allow for broad-based commercial viability or not, only experience can tell us, but it is certainly an experiment worth trying.
Finally, on the awareness side of the triangle, there is an unquestionable need to support the rollout of the programme with clear messages relating to the potential benefits of various products and answers to questions about appropriateness and affordability. But, the key element in an awareness strategy for JDY should be an emphasis on the consequences of not living up to commitments. Sops like loan waivers must be completely abjured and the consequences of default must be visible and significant.
A number of observers have voiced the concern that the JDY runs the risk of becoming yet another resource-sapping burden on the banking system. There is always that risk, of course. But, an effective combination of product, delivery and awareness should help to minimise it.
The writer is director of research, Brookings India, and former deputy governor, Reserve Bank of India. The views are his own
 Advertisements

How the monsoon has changedSunita Narain |  New Delhi Sep 07, 2014
Last Updated at 10:49 PM IST
Sunita Narain: How the monsoon has changed
Every year, like clockwork, India is caught between the spectre of months of crippling water shortages and drought and months of devastating floods
Every year, like clockwork, India is caught between the spectre of months of crippling water shortages and drought and months of devastating floods. In 2014, there has been no respite from this annual cycle. But something new and strange is indeed afoot. Each year, the floods are growing in intensity. Each year, the rain events get more variable and more extreme. Each year, economic damages increase - and once again, development gains are lost in one season of flood or bad drought.
Scientists now say conclusively that there is a difference between weather and its natural variability and climate change, a pattern brought about by human emissions that is heating up the atmosphere faster than normal. Scientists who study the monsoons tell us that they are beginning to make that distinction between "normal" monsoons and what is now showing up in terms of abnormal extreme rain events. This, remember, when the monsoons are an extremely capricious and confounding natural event, hard to predict and even harder to pin down. But, even then, scientists can find the change.
All this is further complicated by the fact that multiple factors affect the weather and another set of multiple factors affects its severity and impact. In other words, the causes of devastation following extreme events - like droughts or floods - are often complicated, and involve mismanagement of resources and poor planning.
For instance, we know floods of the sort that are currently ravaging parts of Northern India are caused by unusually high rainfall. But it is also clear we have destroyed drainage in floodplains through mismanagement. We build embankments believing we can control the river, only to find the protection broken. Worse, we build habitations on the floodplains.
Similarly, urban India is mindless about drainage: Storm water drains are either clogged, full of garbage and sewage, or just do not exist. Our lakes and ponds have been eaten away by real estate, since land is what the city values, not water. In all this, what happens when extreme rainfall events happen? The city drowns.
This makes for a double whammy: On the one hand, we are mismanaging our water resources, intensifying floods and droughts. On the other hand, climate change is beginning to make the country even more vulnerable, because of the increased frequency of extreme weather events.
The disaster that shook the mighty Himalayas in 2013 was a deadly combination of these two factors. The Himalayas is the world's youngest mountain range, prone to landslide and flash floods. But what we do not easily comprehend is that two factors have made the already vulnerable region more hazardous. One, climate change-related extreme weather events; the Indian monsoon has become more intense. Studies show extreme rain events are becoming more frequent as compared to moderate rain events. Rainfall is also becoming variable and unseasonal. This is what happened in Uttarakhand on that fateful June 16. It rained without a break; some 200 millimetres came down within hours at a few places like Kedarnath. It brought down the mighty Himalayas. Rain was also unseasonal. June is still not considered the beginning of the monsoon season, so pilgrims and tourists thronging the region were caught unawares.
The way ahead is to respect the vulnerability of the region. It cannot be anybody's contention that the Himalayan region must not see development. The question to consider is how it should develop: By building roads and hydropower projects, or through local economies based on tourism, which do not work against nature. It is also a fact that the changing monsoon pattern will require us to optimise the use of every drop and not allow rain to become devastating floods. Only then will the Himalayan tragedy not be repeated.
Indians know that the monsoon is the real finance minister of India. Clearly the opportunity is to make sure that every drop of this rain is harvested and used in the prolonged dry season. But this rain will arrive in more ferocious events - which also means that the engineering to capture it across the country must be better. We must plan for drainage so that when rain comes it can be channelised and optimised. Holding and channelising rain must become the nation's mission. It is our only way to the future.
This means that every water body, every channel and every catchment of rain has to be safeguarded. These are the temples of modern India. Built to worship rain.

Funds from shores afarA K Bhattacharya |  New Delhi Sep 07, 2014
Last Updated at 10:47 PM IST
A K Bhattacharya: Funds from shores afar
Nobody should underplay the risks associated with excessive exposure to one source of financing - be it commercial borrowing or NRI deposits
How critical have non-resident Indians or NRIs become to the Indian economy? An answer to this question is in the latest external debt report released by the Union finance ministry. At the end of March 2014, NRI deposits (there are now three types of deposits and all of them have a lock-in period of over a year and hence are not classified as short-term debt) in the country were estimated at $104 billion.
Just three years ago, at the end of March 2011, NRI deposits were only $52 billion, half of what they are today. They rose to $59 billion a year later and to $71 billion by the end of March 2013. The sharpest increase in these deposits occurred in 2013-14. The finance ministry's report attributes this rise to the mobilisation of fresh foreign currency non-resident (bank) or FCNR (B) deposits by commercial banks under the special swap scheme offered by the Reserve Bank of India during September-November 2013 - a move that helped shore up the rupee and build India's foreign exchange reserves.
A consequence of this successful strategy was the increase in the importance of NRI deposits. For instance, NRI deposits now account for almost a quarter of India's total external debt, standing next only to external commercial borrowings, which have the largest share at about a third of India's total external debt of $441 billion. Between 2011 and 2013, NRI deposits' share in total external debt hovered around 16-17 per cent, showing once again how the spurt took place in one year.
The rising importance of NRI deposits gets reinforced even more emphatically when you look at these numbers from a different perspective. For instance, in 2011-12, the share of NRI deposits in the country's total net capital flows was 17.6 per cent and came down marginally to 16.6 per cent the following year. But in 2013-14, it went up dramatically to 79.7 per cent.
The debt flows are used largely to meet the current account deficit and their use increases during a period of crisis when other sources of financing like the foreign institutional investments tend to dry up a bit. That is also why in 2008-09, the share of NRI deposits in India's net capital flows went up to 58 per cent. But it is important to note that India's reliance on NRI deposits has been on the rise, particularly in crisis years, even as the share of external assistance in total capital flows has come down to a trickle at around one to three per cent in the last three years.
There are, of course, many good reasons for NRIs to park their money in India in the three schemes that are now in operation. Clearly, they earn a little more from these deposits than they can hope to get in developed economies, where such schemes will earn them much less. Such deposits are also a reflection of their confidence in the Indian economy, its growth potential and financial system, where their money is not only safe but can also get good returns. Finally, NRIs do have a social and emotional connect with the country they belong to and investing in these deposits gives them that extra satisfaction.
But the flip side of such increased engagement with NRIs is that their emotional connect with their motherland alone will not ensure that they remain invested in these schemes in India. The social bond that NRIs have with this country can be an effective argument only as long as investing in India continues to make economic sense for them. So, an increased reliance on NRI deposits to help meet the country's capital flow requirements is not without risks and should not be played down just because the money is coming from NRIs.
Remember that in 1991, when India faced its worst balance of payments crisis, NRIs did not let the emotional connect with their motherland come in the way of their hard-nosed decision to pull out their deposits when the Indian economy came close to defaulting on its international payment obligations. Indeed, NRI deposits flowed out of the country in 1990-91 and settled at $10.2 billion, estimated at around 12 per cent of India's total external debt then.
Several tough policy steps were taken by the government then to get the economy back on the rails. With some additional help from the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank, the Indian economy was saved from an imminent collapse. It is only after the government of the day took those initial confidence-building measures that NRIs returned to India with their deposits. In 1991-92, NRI deposits fell, only marginally and that was mainly because the measures taken by the government then had prevented a steeper fall.
The point to be noted here is that NRIs are also rational investors. Nobody should underplay the risks associated with any excessive exposure to one source of financing - whether it is commercial borrowing or NRI deposits. It is important to remember this even as the Narendra Modi government prepares to hold the next Pravasi Bharatiya Divas, which, as reports suggest, will be celebrated with unprecedented fanfare.
 Advertisements

5 Key Tactics for Improving Your Marketing Platform Strategyreddit
Are you struggling to product content for your business that helps you stand out from the digital herd?
You are not alone, although that may not be reassuring - 70% of marketers today struggle to stand up a coherent content marketing strategy .
We are rapidly moving into a content drenched world. Content, Ads, "Sponsored Content," Images, Mashups and Video are everywhere and on multiple devices and " prosumers "  now trust experts more than your brand.
Every business today, regardless of size needs a marketing platform strategy to get your content "heard" on the right social channel.
Marketing Platforms Proliferation
Scott Brinker was on of the first thought leaders to really identify the marketing platform landscape and proliferation.
Case in point, in the last three years the number of marketing platforms has ballooned form around hundred to just over a thousand.
We use Scott's image in our latest ebook; but, truth be told we are scared at times to show it to clients. It's intimidating, and for good reason.
Growth in this sector has been mind boggling.  And, we live in an age when too many choices may mean no choice or provoke high anxiety for the selection process.
Before you think about a marketing platform I would recommend just doing a basic review process of digital assets, infrastructure, customer focus, staffing and related issues.
Here is a link to our Digital Analysis doc we use in our work with clients via our Dropbox account .
Critical IT & Digital Assets Review
The size of your company and IT infrastructure (if any) has a big impact on selecting a marketing platform.
What are existing digital assets and how are they managed: Web, email, social, IT or Intranet?
Who is responsible for managing digital assets & who do they report to?
Do IT and Marketing share "custody" of key digital assets?
Are digital assets optimized and integrated with cloud technology?
What content is being created and shared across the social web, if at all?
What are You Doing to Really Identify and Know your Customer?
We talk with clients about a customer profile at the front end of just about every strategic engagement.
If your a small biz, don't let your eyes glaze over with some of these items mapped out below.
This is a good exercise to go through and it will help you improved your overall marketing strategy, whether you setup a marketing platform or not.
Has a dedicated customer profile exercise been done?
How has the customer journey been mapped? Where and how do potential customers interact with your business and are you tracking this: web site, landing page(s), newsletter, social media engagement?
Who tests usability issues within the company? That's fancy marketing speak somewhat for how visitor engage with your web site design or user interface.
Who owns the customer experience: is one department or multiple departments: marketing, customer service, IT, Sales and who is following through with what's working and what isn't? You got "x" traffic and "y" leads via these sources and "45%" didn't stay on the site more than a few seconds.
Who responds and/or addresses questions from customers via social media?
Is a CRM technology or platform being utilized?
Do you have an internal FAQ and external that addressed common customer issues and questions?
How do you ensure a consistent high quality experience for the customer across all digital touch points (web site, social, newsletter, YouTube/videos)?
What is the Digital Mindset in Your Company?
In our work with clients we experience radical disparities in how a management team looks at and understands digital assets.
Mentioning "digital assets" on a call with some execs does not always trigger recognition in a meaningful way. That's not a good thing and you need to change her/his mindset.
But, for many of you, digital assets are increasingly more important in today's smartphone driven social consumer world.
Does the exec staff understand how to use and leverage digital? Meaning: have some in-depth perspective on analytics, ROI metrics, how to measure engagement with your brand and more.
What are digital updates via social channels? News, lists, announcements, webinars, tradeshows, videos, etc.
Is existing web site used as an organic asset? How frequently is is updated and integrated with other marketing initiatives?
Budget allocation for digital vs. traditional marketing?
Is digital owned by one department like marketing or one or a group of individuals. Is critical information in a silo with one department or is it shared?
Critical Digital Infrastructure Issues to Address
Your sophistication when it comes to being aware of and managing your infrastructure is somewhat of an enabling issue for using a marketing platform.
Is there any internal comprehensive oversight of digital activities? Content is shared and measured "this way" and we review our Google Analytics once a week across all departments or stakeholders responsible for digital.
Who manages digital project development?
How is brand consistency addressed via all digital assets?
What are policies and procedures (if any) for managing content via site & social channels?
How is social media managed? In house or outsourced or hybrid?
What are primary KPIs for the company and how are they integrated with digital?
How is technical infrastructure created and managed? In-house, with outsourcing partners, using cloud services or apps, server location (shared or dedicated)?
How to Leverage a Marketing Platform to Drive Broader Awareness
Once you've done some reviews of digital assets and infrastructure, customer and related issues you should have a better sense of critical background issues.
Now you can tackle and start to review what types marketing platform you want to use.
Remember a platform is only as good as the content you develop and share. Your better off putting more budget into developing quality content vs. a marketing platform.
Baseline operational issues should be addressed: who's going to manage the platform, budget, timeline, review of existing tech infrastructure, marketing goals.
Start small: that may be just using basic content marketing application or WordPress plugin or something like Buffer.  We have a list of over 25 top tier content marketing platforms here .
What's your social channel strategy today and where are you headed in the future?
Where are you in a moment in time right now: IT management, email vendor, server and web site technology, apps being used, CRM tools or services, cloud usage (or not).
The right decision may be no decision: if head count is not in place or insufficient budget then look at other ways to leverage technology using the cloud. Or, focus on creating more and better content.
Understand interoperability via apps and services can be challenging - we find inconsistencies with published specifications and functionality frequently which in turn create problems once you mesh apps and services.
Marketing Platform Costs Vary Widely Based on Usage & Reporting Tools
Actual platform costs vary from under $100. a month (HootSuite Pro) to $2-3K depending on size of your team accessing the platform, ROI metrics and functionality, reporting, scheduling, size and type social platform reach, etc.
Remember, your "hard" costs are typically not so much with the platform, you must factor in costs for producing quality content on an ongoing basis.
Also, the Learning curve is an associated cost with any of these platforms and your working with applications and services in the cloud, so expect to find some bugs. Most of these platforms don't work 100% as advertised.
Creating Content to Stand out in Today's Tech Drenched World
Quality content goes hand in hand with a marketing platform. Don't consider the latter without creating the former! Here are few points that should provide background on key metrics for creating "shareable" content.
Less is more may be better: focus.
Embrace technology as an integral part of content marketing.
Don't start content marketing until a Persona Profile is done.
Design is baked in to ever marketing initiative: If they can't use the web site all the content in the world is meaningless.
If your a20M a year company then your content marketing should map to your size. Don't try to mirror Cisco or SalesForce.
Throw out dated SEO tactics : people are not searching on keywords as much as in years past.
I repeatedly hammer home themes about the importance of content syndication and using an editorial calendar but, this may not be enough. Publish everywhere you can. My posts on Huffinton Post generate 50-100X times the ROI of my blog . This may not be relevant for your business at all. Where do your "customers live?" Local or national? Understand where/how your competitors are publishing, target these publications, editors and/or journalists accordingly.
Think like a publisher and not a business. Once Google sources and maps your content to your web site then make it freely available to others. Look at any major portal today including Huffington Post, probably 40-50% of the content is sourced elsewhere.
I don't think this bon motte is a brilliant marketing strategy on par with David Ogilvy ; but, share content via social channels with a built in rinse and repeat cycle using a marketing platform for content syndication.
Hire a great writer, editor or thought leader in your industry and put them to work creating content. Creating great content is expensive but, will pay for itself over time. It's one of the best investments your business can make.
Give prosumers two plus two, not four: standing out from the crowd: is about sharing original images, writing kick ass copy, sharing it everywhere you can possibly come up with and asking friend, neighbors, customers to comment and re-share.
Getting traction with content takes time and effort.  Don't expect your content to perform miracles over night.
B2B brands some times forget emotion is a critical aspect of your content marketing. Look for contextual clues from your customers that identify areas where they need help. Twitter's built in direct response functionality is used by bigger brands for identifying customers having problems with direct competitors.
Test headlines and gear the latter for your audience and platform. Some times attention grabbing headlines " What I Learned About Social Media via Andy Warhol" do not get as much traction a a more mundane title: " 5 Myths of Modern Advertising ( @digiday). But, platform, customer focus, type of content (short or evergreen type) will have a big impact on the engagement with your headline.
Over half a billion comments are made on sites across the web each month. Don't forget about commenting, especially heavily trafficked sites, even with an approval process. I like and use a Disqus account as it powers 144M unique visitors per month according to Quantcast .
Smartphone Summary for Busy Execs
As I shared at the outset of this post, this process is fraught with peril and anxiety for most management teams.
For good reason. Your migrating your marketing process, technology and probably updating the competency of your staff along the way.
Make sure you get buy in from all stakeholders: exec staff, customer support, marketing and IT teams and even your sales team.
Remember, it's a competitive world. markets and competitors around you are always in flux.
So, better to take calculated risks to offset market forces. Be a moving target!
Ten Related Posts on Content, Design and Marketing Strategy

Report: Islamic State has anti-tank weapons taken from Syrian rebelsBy Thomas Gibbons-Neff September 7 Follow @Tmgneff
The Islamic State has obtained 90mm anti-tank rocket launchers like this one, shown in the hands last year of a Free Syria Army rebel. They were likely manufactured in the former Yugoslavia. (YouTube screen grab)
Anti-tank weapons that were likely once owned by moderate Syrian rebels have landed in the hands of Islamic State militants, according to a newly released field investigation conducted in both northern Iraq and Syria.
The Islamic State has also captured “significant quantities” of U.S.-manufactured small arms and has employed them on the battlefield, researchers found.
The investigation, led by a small-arms research organization known as Conflict Armament Research , marks a rare attempt to physically document the weapons being used by the Islamic State, the radical group that has expanded its control in parts of Syria and Iraq.
Militants with the group have picked up significant caches of arms after seizing Iraqi and Syrian military installations . The new research suggests they have also amassed arms after overrunning the moderate Syrian rebels being supplied by the United States and other allied nations.
To catalog the arms, field researchers embedded with Kurdish forces in Iraq and Syria for 10 days toward the end of July and were allowed access to Islamic State weapons that were captured after clashes. Along with the anti-tank weapons, manufactured in the former Yugoslavia, researchers documented a handful of U.S. M16A4 rifles, two Chinese Type 80 machine guns, a Croatian sniper rifle, a 9mm Glock pistol and various Soviet-era small arms.
In one case, U.S.-made weapons were found by the Kurdish forces near Ayn al-Arab, Syria. The weapons were likely obtained by the Islamic State after it conquered the northern Iraqi city of Mosul , roughly 300 miles away, according to field investigator Shawn Harris.
“They are transporting these weapons in batches, and have a solid organizational approach to moving these weapons around,” Harris said. “They’re operating as professionals.”
Additionally, the serial numbers on a number of the weapons recovered had been welded over, indicating that somewhere along their journey before they reached the Islamic State, a third party attempted to mask the weapons’ “chain of custody,” Harris said.
“It was clean,” Harris said, referring to the precision with which serial numbers were erased. “It indicates some foresight to our type of research.”
Researchers stressed that documenting weapons in the field can be a tenuous business and produces limited findings.
“We can only talk about what we see,” said another researcher, Damien Spleeters.
The most powerful weapons documented were the two 90mm Yugoslav anti-tank rocket launchers, known as “Osas,” which resembled rockets that were transferred to moderate Syrian rebels, reportedly by Saudi Arabia last year. It is purportedly shown in this video in the hands of a Free Syrian Army rebel last year:
The 25-pound rocket launchers have appeared in numerous battlefield videos shot in Syria and Iraq and were believed to be in Islamic State hands. But the new research marks the first time they have been physically documented, Spleeters said.
In March, the United States authorized the delivery of more sophisticated TOW anti-tank guided missiles to moderate rebels, after long resisting such deliveries out of fears that advanced weaponry would fall into the hands of extremist factions in Syria. Long before then, however, U.S. allies including Saudi Arabia and Qatar were funneling weaponry to various rebel factions in the conflict.
TOW missiles, which are wire-guided, are not among the weapons the Conflict Armament Research report documented.
“Not a single TOW anti-tank guided missile has fallen into the wrong hands,” said Oubai Shahbandar, a senior adviser to the Syrian Opposition Coalition. “The overwhelming majority of U.S. facilitated military aid is being used by the Free Syrian Army to combat ISIS in northern Syria. There is a thorough accountability process to ensure that allied military aid to Syrian freedom fighters is responsibly used in the field.”
Although captured weapons are of significant value to the Islamic State, their use hinges on a sufficient supply of the correct type of ammunition, noted Charles Lister, a visiting fellow at the Brookings Doha Center in Qatar.
For now, Lister said, the group does not seem to be facing any such shortages.
Fighters “have captured five major Syrian military bases in Syria since mid-July,” Lister said. “This will likely keep their momentum going for months to come.”
UPDATE, 12:00 p.m.: This report has been updated to clarify that the anti-tank weapons found in the possession of the Islamic State are not U.S.-made.
Thomas Gibbons-Neff is a Washington Post contributor and a former U.S. infantry Marine.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=world/national-security, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410148792/1410148792000/1410148792 tracking: {authors=Thomas Gibbons-Neff, blog_name=checkpoint, content_category=World/national-security, in_url_headline=report-islamic-state-has-anti-tank-weapons-taken-from-syrian-rebels, post_id=3927, section={section=world/national-security, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 3:59:52 AM close date: Sep 22, 2014 3:59:52 AM

Standing up for ethicsBusiness Standard Editorial Comment |  New Delhi Sep 07, 2014
Last Updated at 10:46 PM IST
Standing up for ethics
Check cynicism about constitutional institutions
A sequence of recent news stories demonstrates the degree to which cynicism about the nature of institutions has begun to pervade Indian politics. This is not a new development. But it appears to have reached crisis proportions - and, worse, it is showing signs of acceleration. In order to restore credibility to Indian institutions, their decay must be rolled back - and that begins by India's most powerful people showing some respect for their history and traditions.
Consider, for example, the question of the Delhi government. There are two contradictory voices in the Bharatiya Janata Party, which emerged as the largest single party in the Delhi Assembly in last year's elections, and which is in power at the Centre. The former party president and current home minister, Rajnath Singh, has said that the party will not encourage horse-trading of legislators just to form a government in Delhi. But current party president, Amit Shah, has reportedly told a news television channel that there is nothing wrong in "seeking support" to form a government in Delhi. Unfortunately, in the current context, that statement can only be seen as one of political expediency, and not respect for the people's verdict. If no political party has a simple majority, and no transparent alliance or guarantee of support is forthcoming any longer, why should the President or his nominee the Lieutenant Governor even think of exploring the option of inviting one of the parties to form the government? Under such circumstances, the intent of the Constitution is clear: For President's Rule and the holding of fresh elections. Why should anyone explore a third option, especially one that is ethically, morally and politically questionable?
Similar worries attend to the appointment and choice of governors by the new government in Delhi. It is certainly the case that this government is not the first to choose politically allied governors; but, as former Delhi CM and governor of Kerala Sheila Dikshit has told this newspaper, the time has come for a code to formalise how governors can be removed. Even by the standards of the past, the manner in which governors have been transferred and removed does not speak well of the government at the Centre. Regardless of past precedent, the manner in which gubernatorial appointments have been politicised is unfortunate. And, in addition, their abrupt and politically-inspired removal before the end of their tenure runs counter to the importance afforded by the Constitution to the position of governor.
There is also the question of the appointment of a past Chief Justice, P Sathasivam, as governor of Kerala. Mr Sathasivam, who retired in April 2014 and dealt with more than one politically sensitive case, has accepted the nomination and has defended his choice to do so. Another prominent retired judge, Markandey Katju, has also said the former CJI has done nothing wrong in accepting. The incentives that are set up by a judge, especially a chief justice, accepting a political appointment are not healthy. Just as the chief auditor cannot accept other appointments after retirement, India's chief justice should also be barred, by an amendment to the law if necessary. But considerable damage has already been done by the offer and its acceptance. Altogether, much more respect for India's constitutional traditions is needed.
 Advertisements

Alibaba who US retail investors not that interestedAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Uninor targets women over cell phones  launches project SamparkAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Government Not to Allow FDI in Multi-Brand Retail: Commerce MinisterChina Likely to Set Up Industrial Parks in India: Commerce Minister
New Delhi:
The NDA government will not allow foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail, Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said today.
"We are clear that FDI will not be allowed in multi-brand retail trade. We shall not entertain FDI in MBRT. There is no ambiguity. There is no confusion on this," she said while addressing a press conference to mark 100 days of the new government.
Sitharaman said her party, BJP, has clearly articulated its position on the MBRT and had won the elections on the basis of the manifesto.
The UPA government had opened the multi-brand retail sector for foreign investment and allowed up to 51 per cent FDI in the sector. The BJP had opposed the policy.
The politically sensitive multi-brand retail segment in India employees millions and is dominated by mom-and-pop stores.
While the new government is against FDI in the sector, it has not yet initiated any move to scrap the policy of allowing FDI in multi-brand retail approved by the UPA government.
During the UPA regime, only one investment proposal of UK-based Tesco was cleared for the sector.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 16:42 (IST)

More than 6 in 10 millennials say they don’t have a credit cardBy Jonnelle Marte September 8 Follow @jonnelle
(REUTERS/Jim Bourg)
Millennials hate carrying cash, but when it comes to using plastic, they don’t have much of a thing for credit either.
Their preferred way to pay: debit.
More than 60 percent  of consumers ages 18 to 29 say they do not have a credit card, according to a study released Monday by Bankrate.com . That is almost double the share of adults over the age of 30 who said they don’t have credit cards. The phone survey, conducted by Princeton Survey Research Associates International, polled 1,161 consumers in late July and early August.
Younger consumers prefer debit cards because they have many of the same benefits over hard cash as credit — they eliminate the need for a trip to the ATM and can quickly be replaced if a wallet is stolen. But mostly, young people like debit cards because they dislike debt, says Jeanine Skowronski, a credit card analyst for Bankrate.com.
Already burdened by student loans and burned during the recession, many millennials may be wary of taking on more debt, she says. “They are really worried about getting a credit card, racking up a bill they can’t pay,” Skowronski says.
They may be on to something: 3 percent of millennials admit to having missed a credit card payment, compared to less than 1 percent of consumers overall. More than half of millennials, 55 percent, said they carry over balances from month to month. Doing so can add to interest charges and make it easier for consumers to approach their credit limits, which can ding credit scores.
But being too averse to credit may be a mistake, she says, because having a credit card is one of the easiest ways young consumers can build their credit histories. People who don’t build their scores early on may have a harder time accessing credit later when they need it to buy a car or take out a mortgage. “You need credit to get credit: There’s a catch-22,” Skowronski says.
Beyond financing, people with low credit scores can also have trouble securing an apartment lease, may face higher insurance rates and have a harder time landing a job, she says.
Some young people may not be avoiding credit cards by choice — it became harder for them to access credit after the recession. The Credit Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009 restricted the ways companies can offer cards to consumers under 21.
Aside from that, people are growing smarter about how they use credit cards overall. More consumers are paying off their balances in full, and delinquencies are falling .
Young people who are interested in building their credit should consider opening secured credit cards, which require a cash collateral but can still count toward a credit history, Skowronski says. College students may ask their parents to add them on to a card as an authorized user. And once they’ve opened a card, people should pay their balances off in full to minimize interest charges and to keep the balance under control.
“It shouldn’t be a way to buy something you can’t afford,” Skowronski says. “It’s an alternative way to pay for things.”
Read more:

BlackBerry doesn t consider Xiaomi  Obi as competitors in India smartphone marketAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Nawaz Sharif visits flood-ravaged PoKThe rains have triggered landslides and flash floods killing hundreds of people in large swathes of northern India and Pakistan. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Posted: September 8, 2014 5:01 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 5:06 pm
On Monday Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif   visited flood-ravaged Pakistan-occupied Kashmir (PoK) for a first-hand assessment of the devastation caused by torrential rains which claimed the lives of 64 people and left several displaced.
Sharif made an aerial survey of the flood-hit areas in Rawlakot and asked authorities to expedite relief works for early rehabilitation of affected people.
The Prime Minister also distributed compensation amount among victim families, Radio Pakistan reported.
He expressed grief over loss of lives in the floods and assured that the government will take care of those hit by the calamity.
Four days of incessant showers left a trail of death and destruction in the PoK and Punjab, claiming the lives of 200 people and leaving many marooned.
In the mountainous PoK, the devastating floods have claimed 64 lives and injured 109.
The swirling flood waters and landslides have damaged several bridges, houses and snapped road and communication links.
During the visit, Sharif also announced that Rawalpindi- Muzaffarabad train project will be completed in two years.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi had yesterday wrote to Sharif offering assistance to victims of the devastation caused by the torrential rains and floods in PoK.

Citizens Financial expects to raise $3.5 billion in IPOCitizens Financial expects to raise $3.5 billion in IPO
Reuters
Britain Initial Public Offerings NYSE Euronext, Inc.
Citizens Financial Group Inc., the U.S. unit of Britain's Royal Bank of Scotland, said its initial public offering was expected to raise as much as $3.5 billion, making it the biggest U.S. offering by a bank this year.
The company said the offering of 140 million shares was expected to be priced at between $23 and $25 each. At the top end of the range the company will be valued at $14 billion.
All the shares in the offering are being sold by RBS.
RBS said last year it would sell 20-25 percent of Citizens by the end of 2014 through a U.S. IPO as the bank faces pressure from British regulators to bolster its capital and sell off non-core assets.
Citizens, which provides retail and commercial banking services to about 5 million customers in the United States, intends to list its common stock on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “CFG”.
Citizens had $130.3 billion of total assets and more than 1,200 branches in Illinois and 10 other states across the New England, Mid-Atlantic and Midwest regions as of June 30.
Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs & Co and JPMorgan are the lead underwriters for the IPO.

Sensex rallies  mid-and-small cap mutedJoydeep Ghosh & Tulemino Antao |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 10:50 PM IST
Small & mid-caps fall behind Sensex
Having run up at a much faster pace, these have seen a slowdown in their upswing
In recent weeks, stock markets have been hitting record highs, with the Sensex topping the 27,000 mark and the Nifty crossing 8,000. But the rise in the broader markets, the mid- and small-cap indices, since the beginning of July hasn’t been as good. This is because investors worry the growth in earnings in small-cap and mid-cap companies might be delayed.
“While the price-to-earnings valuation of both large-cap and mid-cap indices have shot up significantly, there are fears the earnings growth in the mid-cap sector will be delayed a bit. So, it is logical to expect investors who believe the pace of mid-cap earnings to be slower will prefer to under-weigh mid-caps at current levels,” says Nilesh Shah, managing director and chief executive, Axis Capital.
The consolidated trailing 12-month price-to-earnings multiple of the Sensex is 19.27, of the mid-cap index is 23.63 and the small-cap one is 30.62, according to Bloomberg data.
If one considers the period since the beginning of the year, the story is completely different. Since January, the Sensex has risen 29.05 per cent year-to-date, while the mid- and small-cap indices have risen 46.05 per cent and 66.65 per cent, respectively. By comparison, since the beginning of July, the Sensex is up 7.5 per cent, while the mid- and small-cap indices are up 4.42 per cent and 6.36 per cent, respectively. The fillip in the last two figures followed the mid- and small-cap indices rising 1.29 per cent and 2.11 per cent, respectively, on Monday.
Rakesh Arora, managing director and head of research, Macquarie Capital, says: “The small-cap and mid-cap indices had run up much faster than large caps. Now, there has been some correction because while there is a new government, there hasn’t been much change on the ground.” He says the mid- and small-cap segments might continue to be range-bound for some more time, adding these might see correction till there is more clarity on earnings, as well as changes on the ground. “Those in the mid- and small-cap segments are mostly industrials, which will grow only when things change at the ground level. Currently, the rally is being led by defensives,” he adds.
 
Though there hasn’t been a slowdown in inflows from foreign institutional investors, these have started moving into debt more aggressively. Between July and September 4, investment in equities was $3.73 billion, while for debt, this stood at $7.42 billion. For the January-June period, equities attracted $9.92 billion, while investment in debt was $10.41 billion.
Alex Mathews, head of research, Geojit BNP Paribas Financials, says the market seems to be in overbought territory, adding a slight correction might be due.
“The current trends indicate there is sector rotation on a daily basis. Further, the momentum in the broader markets seems to be slowing, as investors are turning cautious after some stocks surged about 100 per cent within a short period.” In case the benchmark indices start correcting, stocks in the broader market that have risen sharply could see profit-taking and remain range-bound, though news related to stock-specific action isn’t ruled out.
 Advertisements

Scientists Transmit ThoughtsScientists Transmit Thoughts from one Brain to Another
Sep 7, 2014, 6:27 AM ET
COLUMN By LEE DYE
Blindfolded people stand back to back in this undated file photo.
Getty Images
An international team of scientists has succeeded in transmitting the thoughts of one individual into the brain of a second person, located thousands of miles away, combining some of the latest technological marvels with the long arm of the Internet.
This is thought to be the first time that two brains have communicated with each other directly over a long distance without the sender having to utter a single word.
Two greetings -- "hola" and "ciao" -- made the historic trip from India to France, where they were received and spoken by a researcher who was blindfolded and equipped with earplugs. The scientists wanted to ensure that the receiver knew what his colleague 5,000 miles away was thinking because of the brain-to-brain transmission, not because of some other cue.
The research, published in PLOS One, was conducted by scientists in Spain, India, France and the United States.
The scientists wanted to prove, even with technology that will likely seem arcane in the near future, that it's possible for two human brains to communicate with each other directly, Alvaro Pascual-Leone of Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center and Harvard Medical School, co-author of the study, said in a telephone interview.
How the Cuckoo Wages an 'Evolutionary Arms Race'
Brain to brain transmission is a hot topic among scientists around the world, and last year researchers at the University of Washington claimed to be the first to carry it off when a student on one side of the campus moved a finger while a colleague thought about the command on the other side of the campus.
The Harvard team took that one step further with the first transmission of specific words.
But the breakthroughs also include a warning. This should be very valuable for medical applications, especially for patients with communication problems, but it could also be a source of devastating misuse. Does it pave the way for humans to read the minds of others, even without their consent?
"I always worry that as we do this initial step with healthy subjects, even under all the regulatory oversight, that it could lend itself to the fancy of people who just want to play with it," Pascual-Leone said.
Or as the study concluded in its final line: "The widespread use of human brain-to-brain technologically mediated communication will create novel possibilities for human interrelation with broad social implications that will require new ethical and legislative responses."
Or in plain language, this could be the start of something really, really big, or really, really bad.
It should be emphasized though that the current level of research poses no such threat.
Simply transmitting two words required both the "emitter" and the "receiver" to be hooked up to robots and sophisticated hardware that makes the participants look more like captives in a psycho ward than casual greeters. And the feat required the conscious cooperation of both participants, who had to be trained for the task.
Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center
PHOTO: Scientists have succeeded in transmitting thoughts from one brain to another.
An electroencephalogram captured the brain activity of the emitter in India, and converted the letters of the two words to binary code, which was sent to a nearby computer and then over the Internet to the receiver in France. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) on the receiver's end enhanced the electrical signals in a key part of the brain, making the receiver aware that a message would be coming through.
"TMS was basically a way to inject the information into the receiver's brain," Pascual-Leone said.
Page

Iran banks pushed to curb asset appetiteSeptember 8, 2014 1:43 pm
Iran banks pressed to retreat from asset speculation
By Najmeh Bozorgmehr in Tehran
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/850141de-3417-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cities Prepare for Warm Climate Without Saying SoAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Should atheists who refuse to say ‘so help me God’ be excluded from the Air ForceThe Stephen Losey (Air Force Times) reports (see also the American Humanist Association’s letter to the Air Force Inspector General ):
An atheist airman at Creech Air Force Base in Nevada was denied reenlistment last month for refusing to take an oath containing “so help me God,” the American Humanist Association said Thursday….
Air Force Instruction 36-2606 spells out the active-duty oath of enlistment, which all airmen must take when they enlist or reenlist and ends with “so help me God.” The old version of that AFI included an exception: “Note: Airmen may omit the words ‘so help me God,’ if desired for personal reasons.”
That language was dropped in an Oct. 30, 2013, update to the AFI. The relevant section of that AFI now only lists the active-duty oath of enlistment, without giving airmen any option to choose not to swear an oath to a deity.
“Reciting ‘So help me God’ in the reenlistment and commissioning oaths is a statutory requirement under Title 10 USC 502,” Air Force spokeswoman Rose Richeson said Thursday. AFI 36-2606 “is consistent with the language mandated in 10 USC 502. Paragraph 5.6 [and] was changed in October 2013 to reflect the aforementioned statutory requirement and airmen are no longer authorized to omit the words ‘So help me God.’”
The Air Force said it cannot change its AFI to make “so help me God” optional unless Congress changes the statute mandating it.
Former Congressman Allen West cheers this, and calls it “good news”:
Correct me if I am wrong, but don’t we swear court witnesses to “tell the whole truth and nothing but the truth so help me God”? …
A local commander could possibly waive the final phrase [in the oath], but it is law….
I proudly and honorably took the oath of office as a commissioned officer several times and also as a Member of Congress. That’s what Americans do.
This is quite wrong, it seems to me, for two related reasons.
1. First, here’s the relevant statute, 10 U.S.C. § 502 ,
(a) Enlistment Oath. — Each person enlisting in an armed force shall take the following oath:
“I, ____________________, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; and that I will obey the orders of the President of the United States and the orders of the officers appointed over me, according to regulations and the Uniform Code of Military Justice. So help me God.” …
Historical and Revision Notes …
The words “or affirmation” are omitted as covered by the definition of the word “oath” in section 1 of title 1….
Title 1 U.S.C. § 1 indeed provides, “‘oath’ includes affirmation, and ‘sworn’ includes affirmed.” And what is an affirmation? United States v. Bueno-Vargas (9th Cir. 2004) tells us (emphasis added),
An “‘”Oath or affirmation” is a formal assertion of, or attestation to, the truth of what has been, or is to be, said.’” United States v. Brooks, 285 F.3d 1102, 1105 (8th Cir.2002) (quoting United States v. Turner, 558 F.2d 46, 50 (2d Cir.1977)). Black’s Law Dictionary 1099 (7th ed.1999), defines an oath as a “solemn declaration, accompanied by a swearing to God or a revered person or thing, that one’s statement is true.” Black’s defines an affirmation as a “pledge equivalent to an oath but without reference to a supreme being or to ‘swearing.’” Id. at 50; see also Brooks, 285 F.3d at 1105 (reciting these definitions).
So 10 U.S.C. § 502 expressly says that each person may swear or affirm. Likewise, 1 U.S.C. § 1 expressly says that an oath includes an affirmation. And an affirmation means precisely a pledge without reference to a supreme being. Given this context, it seems to me quite clear that “So help me God” in the statute should be read as an optional component, to be used for the great bulk of people who swear, but should be omitted for those who exercise their expressly statutorily provided option to affirm — because that’s what affirming means (omitting reference to a supreme being).
Even looking at the statute standing alone, then, the Air Force thus has no business denying people the ability to affirm, which is to say to omit “so help me God.” And to the extent the statutory “so help me God” language leaves the matter confusing, the Air Force has excellent lawyers — I’m pretty confident that my interpretation of the statute should not be legally controversial.
2. But of course the statute isn’t standing alone; it’s enacted pursuant to the United States Constitution, which has a thing or two to say on such matters.
A. First, the Religious Test Clause — “no religious Test shall ever be required as a Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the United States” — might well cover this. As I understand it, being an enlisted man is not an “Office,” but I would think it’s a “public Trust.” And the forbidden “religious Test[s]” have long included oaths that contained religious assertions, assertions that members of some religions could not make. (Indeed such test oaths were the quintessential religious tests.) The existence of God is one such assertion that the federal government cannot demand as a qualification for a public trust.
B. Beyond this, the First Amendment more broadly bars the government from excluding atheists from positions because of their atheism, as the Court unanimously held in Torcaso v. Watkins (1961) . (For a recent conservative endorsement of that position, see Justice Scalia’s opinion in Employment Division v. Smith (1990), which says, “The government may not compel affirmation of religious belief, see Torcaso v. Watkins.”) What is true for notaries — the job category involved in Torcaso — must also be true for members of the armed forces. (While many constitutional rights are significantly constrained once one joins the military, the Court has never suggested that this is one; moreover, the Religious Test Clause makes that especially clear, since at the Framing military positions were obviously on the Framers’ minds as among the most important positions within the federal government.)
C. Moreover, the Constitution itself always provides that affirmations are always adequate substitute to the oaths that it requires. “When [the Senate is] sitting for [the] Purpose [of trying an impeachment], they shall be on Oath or Affirmation.” “Before [the President] enter on the Execution of his Office, he shall take the following Oath or Affirmation: — ‘I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that ….’” ( President Franklin Pierce took an affirmation of office rather than an oath of office.) “The Senators and Representatives before mentioned, and the Members of the several State Legislatures, and all executive and judicial Officers, both of the United States and of the several States, shall be bound by Oath or Affirmation, to support this Constitution; but no religious Test shall ever be required as a Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the United States.” “[N]o Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation.”
To be sure, these provisions were for the benefit of Quakers and other groups that oppose oaths for religious reasons, not for the benefit of atheists. But they are not limited to such groups; instead, they represent the view that affirmations are equivalent to oaths, and that what may be said with a “So help me God” may be said without.
Thus, even if a statutory scheme expressly required an oath, with no affirmation as an alternative, I think it would be unconstitutional. But here the statute specifically provides for affirmation; at most, it’s ambiguous, in also including “so help me God” as part of the oath. For reasons given in part 1 above, that inclusion shouldn’t be seen, even as a simple matter of statutory interpretation, as precluding a no-God affirmation. But the constitutional considerations make it even more clear that any ambiguity should be read in favor of allowing affirmation.
3. Turning specifically to correcting Rep. West (as he himself asked): Witnesses routinely have the option of affirming as well as swearing; see, for instance, Fed. R. Evid. 603 , or in Rep. West’s home state of Florida, Fla. Evid. Code 90.605 ,
Before testifying, each witness shall declare that he or she will testify truthfully, by taking an oath or affirmation in substantially the following form: “Do you swear or affirm that the evidence you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?”
Likewise, the Rules for Court Martials provide (thanks to James Woodruff for the pointer), “‘Oath’ includes ‘affirmation,’” and explains, “An affirmation is the same as an oath, except in an affirmation the words ‘so help you God’ are omitted.”
Indeed, “That’s what Americans do” — as long as there has been an America, we have allowed people to affirm without reference to God, and treated such affirmations as equivalent to oaths for legal purposes.
Thanks to Arne Langsetmo for the pointer.
UPDATE: The Fourteenth Amendment, as Prof. Seth Barrett Tillman reminded me, mentions only an oath and not an affirmation, in saying, “No person shall be a Senator or Representative in Congress, or elector of President and Vice-President, or hold any office, civil or military, under the United States, or under any State, who, having previously taken an oath, as a member of Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as a member of any State legislature, or as an executive or judicial officer of any State, to support the Constitution of the United States, shall have engaged in insurrection or rebellion against the same, or given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof.” That’s not an oath requirement, but a special penalty on those who have betrayed their oath; still, I expect that this would have been understood as likewise applying to those who affirmed their loyalty to the United States, and then rebelled against it.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410181076/1410181076000/1410181076 tracking: {authors=Eugene Volokh, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=should-atheists-who-refuse-to-say-so-help-me-god-be-excluded-from-the-air-force, post_id=13178, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 12:57:56 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 12:57:56 PM

Walgreen board seats go to Jana PartnersWalgreen board seats go to Jana Partners
Walgreens store
The Walgreens store at State and Randolph Streets in Chicago.
The Walgreens store at State and Randolph Streets in Chicago. (Nancy Stone / Chicago Tribune)
Reuters
Walgreens
Jana Partners wins Walgreen board seats
Walgreen Co said it had appointed Barry Rosenstein of hedge fund Jana Partners to its board as the company moves to complete its takeover of drugstore chain Alliance Boots.
Rosenstein, Jana's founder and managing partner, will join Walgreen's board immediately and Jana will place a second director who will be mutually agreed by the company and the hedge fund, Walgreen said, without giving any specific reasons for the appointments.
Caption Walgreens first store
Charles Walgreen created the first Walgreen's in Barrett's Hotel at Cottage Grove and Bowen Avenue on the Chicago's South Side. He bought the store from pharmacist Isaac Blood, putting a downpayment down in 1901.
Charles Walgreen created the first Walgreen's in Barrett's Hotel at Cottage Grove and Bowen Avenue on the Chicago's South Side. He bought the store from pharmacist Isaac Blood, putting a downpayment down in 1901.
See more galleries
Caption 1901: First store, changes from the beginning
Charles Walgreen is credited with making the store more welcoming by installing brighter lights, adding new products, like pots and pans, and greeting customers by name. Here's the inside of his first store in 1901.
Charles Walgreen is credited with making the store more welcoming by installing brighter lights, adding new products, like pots and pans, and greeting customers by name. Here's the inside of his first store in 1901.
See more galleries
Caption 1924: Expanding the soda fountain
Like other drug stores of the time, Walgreen's locations had a soda and ice cream fountain that did great business in hot weather. Instead of shuttering the counter in the winter, Charles Walgreen decided to start serving hot food, at first home-cooked by his wife Myrtle Walgreen. Early menu...
Like other drug stores of the time, Walgreen's locations had a soda and ice cream fountain that did great business in hot weather. Instead of shuttering the counter in the winter, Charles Walgreen decided to start serving hot food, at first home-cooked by his wife Myrtle Walgreen. Early menu...
See more galleries
Caption 1929: Malted milkshakes for 20 cents
Ivar "Pop" Coulson, the backbone the Walgreens soda fountain since 1914, is credited with creating the chocolate malted milkshake in 1929, adding Walgreen's-made ice cream, made in a plant on East 40th Street, to his chocolate malted milk. Here it is on a menu in 1929 for 20 cents. And here's...
Ivar "Pop" Coulson, the backbone the Walgreens soda fountain since 1914, is credited with creating the chocolate malted milkshake in 1929, adding Walgreen's-made ice cream, made in a plant on East 40th Street, to his chocolate malted milk. Here it is on a menu in 1929 for 20 cents. And here's...
See more galleries
Caption 1930s: Walgreen's Laboratories
Walgreen's made many of its own pharmaceuticals to control the cost and the quality of ingredients. This shows a bottle filling line at a Walgreen facility in Chicago in the 1930s.
Walgreen's made many of its own pharmaceuticals to control the cost and the quality of ingredients. This shows a bottle filling line at a Walgreen facility in Chicago in the 1930s.
See more galleries
Walgreen's through the years
Charles R. Walgreen put a down payment on the the Chicago drug store where he had worked as a pharmacist in 1901. As of 2014, the company operated more than 8,600 stores in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam. Here are some photos of the...
Walgreen's through the years
Charles R. Walgreen put a down payment on the the Chicago drug store where he had worked as a pharmacist in 1901. As of 2014, the company operated more than 8,600 stores in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam. Here are some photos of the...
Walgreen had come under pressure from investors including Jana to shift its tax domicile to Switzerland or Britain as part of the Alliance Boots deal, but the company last month rejected this following domestic criticism of such tax-cutting deals.
Jana and Walgreen had been engaged in discussion about steps the company could take to boost its shares, even as Walgreen rejected the idea of moving its tax base, the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday.
“We are pleased to welcome Barry to the board in this pivotal moment for our company as we anticipate the completion of the Walgreens-Alliance Boots merger,” James Skinner, chairman of Walgreen's board of directors, said in a statement.

Met dept hints at 3-day relief for flood-hit Jammu and KashmirAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

DLF  Larsen and Toubro  ITC among Goldman Sachs  conviction listPuneet Wadhwa |  New Delhi Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 10:47 PM IST
DLF, L&T, ITC in Goldman Sachs' 'conviction' list
Grasim Industries, IndusInd Bank, Petronet LNG, Voltas Limited and Tech Mahindra are the other stocks in this list
Realty major DLF, engineering behemoth Larsen and Toubro (L&T) and FMCG (fast moving consumer goods) giant ITC are among the eight ‘conviction ideas’ of Goldman Sachs according to a September 2014 report.
Grasim Industries, IndusInd Bank, Petronet LNG, Voltas and Tech Mahindra are other stocks in this list, where the upside from closing price levels of September 4, 2014 over the next 12 months could range between 1.4 and 74.5 per cent, the report says.
The report, ‘India Weekly Kickstart’, dated September 5, by Sunil Koul, Timothy Moe and Nitin Chanduka has also revised the Nifty target to 9,000 besides recalibrating the outlook for dollar-rupee levels for the next few months.
“We roll our 12-month target for the Nifty to September 2015 (from June 2015) with our updated target of 9,000 (from 8,600 earlier). Earlier this week, we also revised our USD/INR targets to build in USD strength. Our new three, six and 12-month USD/INR forecasts are 61, 62 and 63 respectively from 58.5, 61 and 63 earlier,” the report says.
Among the lot, Goldman Sachs is most bullish on DLF that saw its stock come under selling pressure after a division bench of the Punjab and Haryana High Court directed the Haryana government to conduct an auction of land allotted to the company by inviting international bids within a month.
Goldman Sachs maintains a target price of Rs 292 on the stock from a 12-month perspective in its report.
Global view
With a 12-month Nifty target of 9,000 and earnings per share (EPS) growth of 14 per cent and 18 per cent in CY14E and CY15E respectively, Goldman Sachs maintains an overweight rating on India. “The earnings sentiment remains positive for the overall market. MSCI India is currently trading at 16.5x forward P/E and 3.0x trailing book value,” the report says.
Goldman Sachs is also overweight on China and Taiwan. It expects the Hang Seng China Enterprises Index (HSCEI) to scale 12,300 levels and Taiwan Stock Exchange Weighted Index (TWSE) to hit 10,800.
On the other hand, the global research and advisory firm maintains an underweight rating on Malaysian, Hong Kong, Australia and Thailand among the other global markets.
 Advertisements

Uninor s project Sampark to bridge mobile gender gapBS Reporter |  New Delhi Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 07:06 PM IST
Uninor's project Sampark to bridge mobile gender gap
Norway-based cellular operator Telenor's Indian entity Uninor, on Monday, said the company will spend about $1,83,654 over a period of seven months for an initiative that aims to increase women's access to use of mobile phones. Global cellular body GSMA will provide $70,000 for the Project Sampark. The project will be implemented in UP West, UP East and Bihar.As part of the initiative, Uninor will launch a pair of SIM cards that will be linked to each other and recharge of one SIM would result i
Norway-based cellular operator Telenor's Indian entity Uninor, on Monday, said the company will spend about $1,83,654 over a period of seven months on an initiative that aims to increase women's access to use of mobile phones. Global cellular body GSMA will provide $70,000 for the Project Sampark. The project will be implemented in UP West, UP East and Bihar.
As part of the initiative, Uninor will launch a pair of SIM cards that will be linked to each other and recharge of one SIM would result in additional bonus minutes added to the second SIM, the company said. However, one of the SIMs has to be used by a woman, and the SIM cards will also be made available at the customer door step through women promoters.
"Realising the need to provide mobile benefits to women living in the rural areas, we have developed a product, which will be a value proposition for women subscribers who still haven't experienced the mobile services," Uninor CMO Rajeev Sethi said.
Uninor plans to sell 6,000 connections every month under the project, which was launched last month in a pilot phase in 87 villages of Aligarh district.
 Advertisements

Arab League agrees to combat Islamic State g...You are here: Home > Collections > Group
Arab League agrees to combat Islamic State group
AP Sep 8, 2014, 07.17PM IST
Tags:
Arab League
(The resolution, issued…)
BAGHDAD: The Arab League agreed today to combat extremists like the Islamic State group as one of its suicide bombers killed 16 people at a meeting of Sunni tribal fighters and security troops in Iraq.
The resolution, issued after late-night meetings of Arab foreign ministers a day earlier, doesn't explicitly back American military action against the group.
US President Barack Obama is seeking an international coalition to challenge the Islamic State group and is expected to outline his plan Wednesday to the American people.
But the resolution, issued as a separate statement from a comprehensive one dealing with Arab affairs, reflected a new sense of urgency among the 22-member states to challenge the militant group that has seized large swaths of territories in Iraq and Syria .
The resolution calls for immediate measures to combat the group on the political, defence, security and legal levels. It didn't elaborate.
The resolution backed the United Nations resolution issued last month that imposed sanctions on a number of the group's fighters and called on countries to adopt measures to combat terrorism.
The council resolution was adopted under Chapter 7 of the UN Charter, meaning it can be militarily enforced.
US Secretary of State John Kerry is expected in the region this week to discuss details of the coming US policy.
Iraq faces an unprecedented crisis after the Islamic State group's offensive, which included militants committing beheadings and mass killings while targeting minorities in the country.
In today's attack, the bomber drove an explosives-laden Humvee, apparently seized from the Iraqi military, into the gathering of a major Sunni tribe, the Jabour, and security forces in Duluiyah, some 80 kilometres north of Baghdad , a police officer said.
The rampage by Islamic State fighters has become Iraq's worst crisis since the 2011 withdrawal of US troops.
Iraqi security forces and Shiite militias have been fighting against the militants with assistance from US airstrikes, which contributed to some progress on the ground.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Treasury to Limit Profitability of Overseas ShiftsAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Tyre stocks steal the limelight  gain up to 20%Tyre stocks steal the limelight  gain up to 20%
Tyre stocks in limelight; gain up to 20%Tyre stocks in limelight; gain up to 20%
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 8:  
Stocks of tyre companies were in limelight on Monday, surging as much as 20 per cent on hopes that sharp fall in rubber prices could boost their profitability.
Shares of Ceat skyrocketed 20 per cent, JK Tyres soared 18.13 per cent, MRF jumped 8.92 per cent and Apollo Tyres climbed 8.32 per cent on the BSE.
Similar buying was seen in other tyre stocks. Goodyear India rose by 5.92 per cent, TVS Shrichakra (5 per cent), Dunlop India (4.92 per cent) and Falcon Tyre (4.89 per cent).
“Tyre stocks like Apollo Tyres and CEAT were in limelight as rubber prices have seen correction recently, which can be profitable for the companies,” said Nidhi Saraswat, Senior Research Analyst, Bonanza Portfolio Ltd.
In the broader market the BSE benchmark Sensex ended the day with a gain of 293.15 points at 27,319.85.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

NLC talks fail - contract labourers to continue strikeHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
NLC talks fail - contract labourers to continue strike
Our Bureau
Chennai, September 8:  
 
The strike by over 12,000 contract workers at Neyveli Lignite Corporation will continue as the management and union representatives failed to arrive at a compromise in the talks mediated by the Union Ministry of Labour and Employment.
P Thirumavalavan, of the DMK-led Labour Progressive Federation, told media persons the management had declined to accede to any of the six demands including absorption as permanent employees, wage hike, bonus and housing facilities. Ten unions had participated in the talks in the office of the Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner. There had been no progress in the discussions and the strike which started on September 3 will continue.
The unions announce plans to intensify the agitation tomorrow.
N. Balaji, General Manager – Human Resources, NLC, who was one of the three officials from the central public sector enterprise, said the management is clear that the workers should give up the agitation before any discussions can happen.
The unions’ action is not justified on several grounds – NLC is public utility, the Madras High Court last week has restrained the unions against going on strike and these unions had in a previous settlement in 2010 had committed to the Chief Labour Commissioner not to raise wage related demands till October 2015.
On the regularisation of employees, the management was following the guidelines of the Supreme Court ruling in April 2013 with a seniority list of contract labourers being finalised, he said. 
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Govt mulls step to boost domestic marketsSachin P Mampatta |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 10:46 PM IST
Govt mulls steps to boost domestic markets
Relaxation in depository receipt framework, Euro clearing of Indian debt in works
The government is working on a number of changes to ease fund raising and increase the competitiveness of domestic capital markets.
A number of steps are in the works and hopefully, they should be in place by the next Budget, said Sanjeev Kaushik, director capital markets, Department of Economic Affairs of the Ministry of Finance on Monday at an event organised by BNY Mellon and BSE.
In July, the finance minister in the Budget speech had announced Bharat Depository Receipts scheme, which would essentially be a revamp of the current Indian Depository Receipt (IDR) scheme.
The IDR scheme has largely been unsuccessful with only one listing that of British banking major Standard Chartered in 2010. Kaushik said the DR regime needs some changes with regard to tax laws.  “The government is working on it and it is hoped that these changes should be in place by the next budget. The government has spoken to various regulators on the depositary receipt regime,” he said.
The Centre is awaiting comments from regulators on the Bharat DRs scheme announced in the Budget. The government is also working on realigning the DR regime with the new Companies Act.
Kaushik said the government is also working on Euroclearing, the world’s biggest bond settlement system, for Indian debt securities. The move is aimed at boosting investments into the domestic debt market.
He added the new Foreign Portfolio Investment (FPI) regime has made life simpler for overseas investors and the government is looking at ways for further easing of routes for foreign investment into the country.
“There is also work being done on making the Indian market more competitive. A team has looked at factors including market  timings. It is expected that some reforms in this regard with respect to derivatives in the equity, currency and commodities space will be in place soon,” he said.
High cost of trading in the domestic market has seen foreign investors preferring trading on Indian products on overseas exchanges in Singapore and Dubai.
 Advertisements

Aditya Birla group buys chlor-alkali division of JCL for Rs 212 cr (for briefs)BS Reporter |  Mumbai : Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 07:10 PM IST
Aditya Birla group buys chlor-alkali division of JCL for Rs 212 cr
> Aditya Birla Chemicals, a Aditya Birla group company, said it will acquire the Chlor-Alkali division of Jayshree Chemicals for Rs 212 crores in cash. Kumar Mangalam Birla, Chairman of the Aditya Birla Group, said the acquisition is strategic and  further strengthens the company's position in the chlor-alkali business. "It will take our Chlor-Alkali business on a higher growth trajectory. The acquisition solidifies the group's position as the country's largest producer of Chlor alkali and
Aditya Birla Chemicals, a Aditya Birla group company, said it will acquire the Chlor-Alkali division (CAD) of Jayshree Chemicals for Rs 212 crore in cash. Kumar Mangalam Birla, Chairman of the Aditya Birla Group, said the acquisition is strategic and further strengthens the company's position in the chlor-alkali business.
"It will take our Chlor-Alkali business on a higher growth trajectory. The acquisition solidifies the group's position as the country's largest producer of Chlor alkali and bolsters caustic soda supply which is a critical input for the aluminium business. The business has potential for future growth," he said.
CAD is an environment friendly and energy efficient membrane cell facility located at Ganjam, Odisha and also has about 1,600 acres of salt works in Andhra Pradesh. The current capacity of the facility is about 57,000 tonnes a year. CAD is cost competitive, driven by strengths of the latest state of the art technology.
JCL's revenue for the year ended 31st March 2014 stood at Rs 136 crore. With this acquisition, the total caustic soda capacity of ABCIL will increase to about 355,000 tonnes per annum, a statement by the group said.
 

HC seeks responses of Centre  Kingfisher on ...Delhi High Court seeks responses of Centre, Kingfisher Airline on PNB plea
PTI Sep 8, 2014, 08.06PM IST
Tags:
Calcutta High Court
(PNB said in its notice that…)
NEW DELHI: The Delhi High Court today sought responses of the Centre and Kingfisher Airlines on a plea that lawyers cannot appear before lending bank PNB in the process to declare the ailing carrier and its guarantors, Vijay Mallya and UBHL, as wilful defaulters.
Punjab National Bank (PNB), in its plea, has challenged an order of a single-judge bench of the high court which had allowed lawyers to represent the airline in the proceedings to decide whether the carrier and its guarantors, Mallya and United Breweries (Holdings) Ltd (UBHL) are to be held wilful defaulters for non-payment of dues of over Rs 770 crore.
A bench of Chief Justice G Rohini and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw issued notice to the airline and the central government seeking their replies within a week on PNB's plea.
"We would like to hear the other side (Kingfisher). Issue notice. Returnable on September 15," the bench said.
PNB contended that it had issued notice on August 21 to the airline asking why it and its guarantors be not declared wilful defaulters for non-payment of dues as per RBI guidelines.
PNB had said in its notice that in the event of no reply within seven days from August 21, the airline and its guarantors would be deemed as wilful defaulters.
The single-judge bench of the high court in its August 28 order had also stayed the bank's notice to the extent that the airline and its guarantors would be held as wilful defaulters for not replying within seven days.
The court had said the operation of the default notice would not come into effect as PNB will have to give to the airline, within a week from August 28, the documents relied upon by it and Kingfisher was given two weeks time thereafter to respond.
In its appeal PNB has said the airline had not disclosed that a similar plea of the carrier, against United Bank of India , was dismissed by a division bench of the Calcutta High Court on July 16.
It has also submitted that the airline's appeal against the Calcutta High Court's decision was dismissed by the Supreme Court on September 2.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PCV buys 1.2% stake in Strides Arcolab for R...PCV Lux SCA buys 1.2 per cent stake in Strides Arcolab for about Rs 50 crore
PTI Sep 8, 2014, 08.23PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Strides Arcolab had received…)
MUMBAI: Investment fund PCV Lux SCA today picked up 1.2 per cent stake in drug firm Strides Arcolab for an estimated Rs 48.5 crore through open market route.
As per information available with the stock exchanges, PCV Lux SCA bought 3.55 lakh shares of Strides Arcolab on the BSE and another 3.5 lakh scrips of the drug firm on the NSE.
This takes the total number of shares purchased to 7.05 lakh, amounting to 1.2 per cent stake, of the drug firm's existing equity base.
The shares were picked at an average price of Rs 688, valuing the total transaction sum at Rs 48.5 crore.
Last month, Strides Arcolab had received approval from the US health regulator for its generic Buspirone Hydrochloride tablets used for treating anxiety disorders.
Strides Arcolab has five manufacturing facilities and has presence in more than 75 countries.
Shares of the company today rose by 3.24 per cent to settle at Rs 709.3 apiece on the BSE.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi govt doubles the margin money paid to FPSDelhi government doubles the margin money paid to fair price shops
PTI Sep 8, 2014, 07.43PM IST
Tags:
Fair Price Shops
(There was a demand from the…)
NEW DELHI: In an effort to improve the financial viability of 2500 Fair Price Shop (FPS) dealers across the city, Delhi government has doubled the margin money from Rs 35 per quintal to Rs 70 per quintal on wheat and rice sold through Public Distribution System (PDS).
There was a demand from the FPS licencees for enhancement of margin money as it was fixed in 1997 and has not been revised since then.
"The margin money is payable to the FPS licencees for handling of foodgrains, rent of shops, wages, electricity charges, stationery and other miscellaneous expenses for running the shop," explained S S Yadav, Commissioner cum Secretary, Food Supply Department.
Yadav said that the enhancement will be effective from the allocation of the month of September.
"Low margin money was making it difficult for FPSs licencees to run the shops. The decision of the Lt Governor has come as a big relief to the 2500 FPSs across the city," Yadav said.
Margin money on the foodgrains supplied under the National Food Security Act 2013 is to be paid by Delhi government.
The highly subsidized foodgrains under the Act are supplied to about 11 lakhs ration card holders belonging to Antodaya Ann Yojana, Below Poverty Line, Jhuggi Ration Card and Resettlement Colony Ration Card and National Food Security Card holders.
"In case of ration sold to 4 lakhs Above Poverty Line (APL) card holders the margin money will be paid by the ration card holders themselves," Yadav said.
The decision will cost the Government of Delhi an extra financial burden of Rs 10 crores. The financial burden will go up with addition of about 5 lakhs householders under the Food Security in next two months.
After the current revision, the margin money paid to the FPS licencees in Delhi has become one of the highest in the country.
Yadav said, "FPS dealers are important link in supply chain of PDS and play crucial role in effective delivery of PDS commodities to the beneficiaries. It is essential for smooth functioning of Public Distribution that FPSs are economical viable and reasonable rate of return are assured to the dealers.
Recently, the Delhi Government has completely liberalized its policy regarding items allowed to be sold from FPSs allowing them to sell all goods and services except 8 categories of prohibited items.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SpaceX rocket successfully blasts off  Asian satellite in towBy Rachel Feltman September 8 Follow @rachelfeltman
After delaying the mission because of an explosive ( but unrelated ) launch in August, commercial spaceflight company SpaceX has launched its Falcon 9 rocket into orbit carrying a new telecommunications satellite for Asia.
The rocket model, which has previously been used for three successful cargo deliveries to the International Space Station, took off from Florida's Cape Canaveral at 1 a.m. local time on Sunday, Sept. 7.
This is actually the second AsiaSat payload that SpaceX carried: In August, the Falcon 9 was used to put AsiaSat 8 into orbit. Sunday's launch carried AsiaSat 6, which will provide television and broadband coverage for the Asia-Pacific region. With the help of SpaceX, AsiaSat now has a total of five satellites in orbit.
It takes a lot of coordination to launch a rocket. The timing has to be perfect, allowing the satellite on board to slip into its intended orbit. (In this case, the time slot was 12:50 a.m. to 4:04 a.m.). Weather conditions need to be clear and favorable as well, and the Falcon 9 was lucky to slip by a lightning warning for the area .
The ultimate goal of SpaceX is to create space transport that's reusable and fit for human cargo. The company has already been able to retrieve the first half of the two-stage Falcon 9 from ocean landings on several occasions, but hasn't attempted to do this on the AsiaSat missions. It could be awhile before we see astronauts hitching a ride to ISS on a SpaceX rocket, but the Falcon 9 is certainly breaking new ground in commercial spaceflight.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410186880/1410186880000/1410186880 tracking: {authors=Rachel Feltman, blog_name=speaking-of-science, content_category=National, in_url_headline=spacex-rocket-successfully-blasts-off-asian-satellite-in-tow, post_id=845, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 2:34:40 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 2:34:40 PM

NSE to introduce F&O contracts in SKS  TVS Motor from Sept 10Press Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 06:44 PM IST
NSE to introduce F&O contracts in SKS, TVS Motor from Sept 10
Leading bourse National Stock Exchange (NSE) today said it will introduce five companies, including SKS Micro finance and TVS Motor Company, in the future and option segment from Wednesday.
Leading bourse National Stock Exchange (NSE) today said it will introduce five companies, including SKS Micro finance and TVS Motor Company, in the future and option segment from Wednesday.
Besides, Eicher Motors, Motherson Sumi Systems and Mindtree would also become part of the derivative segment.
"...Futures and options (F&O) contracts on these five additional securities would be available for trading with effect from September 10, 2014," NSE said in a circular.
Currently, there are over 200 securities available in the F&O segment for trade.
For inclusion in the derivatives segment, the stock's market wide position limit (MWPL), which is the total number of contracts a trader may have active at one time for a given underlying, should be Rs 300 crore among other criteria.
Besides, minimum order requirement for a stock to be eligible for introduction in the derivatives segment should be Rs 10 lakh.
Last month, the exchanges announced that they will drop United Spirits from the F&O segment from September 19 as the company failed to comply with listing agreements, including timely submission of financial results.
 Advertisements

Sterling Holiday Resorts becomes subsidiary of Thomas CookBS Reporter |  Chennai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 07:36 PM IST
Sterling Holiday Resorts becomes subsidiary of Thomas Cook
Development comes on the back of an increase in stake by Thomas Cook
Sterling Holiday Resorts India Ltd became a subsidiary of Thomas Cook India Group in the back of the former's equity shares being bought in an off-market transaction by Thomas Cook Insurance Services (TCISIL).
According to the company's announcement, on September 3 and September 5 Thomas Cook Insurance Services purchased 11,863,334 paid-up equity shares of Sterling Holiday Resorts at Rs 98 a share in an off-market transaction. Following the transaction TCISIL now holds 53.48%.
TCISIL, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Thomas Cook (India) Ltd. TCIL's another subsidiary Travel Corporation (India) Ltd owns around 1.67% in SHRIL. The Thomas Cook India group now holds around 55.14% in SHRIL.
Early this year, Thomas Cook India has bought Chennai-based Sterling Holiday Resorts and announced a merger in a cash and stock deal that values Sterling at Rs 870 crore. Both companies jointly will have a market value of Rs 3,000 crore, with 9,000 employees.
Sterling Holiday went through trying times with high debt till Bay Capital took it over in 2009. Bay Capital Investment's Siddharth Mehta took over as chairman of Sterling Holiday and brought in Ramanathan from Mahindra Holiday Resorts to run the company.
Since then, the company has been making a return of sorts by refurbishing its resorts. It has increased occupancy levels to 52% from a low of 16% witnessed a few years back. The company has 70,000 members and gets half of its business from non-member customers.
The second round of investment came in 2011 when stock investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala and Radhakrishnan Damani each took seven per cent stake. The two rounds of equity infusion helped the company repay debt and renovate existing properties.
 Advertisements

Aircel-Maxis case: ED withdraws LRs issuance...Aircel
(The other two companies…)
NEW DELHI: Enforcement Directorate today withdrew from a Delhi court its plea seeking issuance of letters rogatory to Malaysia and Mauritius in the Aircel-Maxis deal case, in which former Telecom Minister Dayanidhi Maran among others has been named in the CBI charge sheet.
ED told special judge O P Saini, who is exclusively dealing with the 2G scam-related cases, that its application pending before the court may be "dismissed as withdrawn" and it should be given liberty to file fresh plea, if needed, in this regard at a later stage.
"It is submitted by N K Matta, special public prosecutor, that application may be dismissed as withdrawn with liberty to file fresh one, if so desired by the applicant (ED). Prayer allowed. Application is dismissed as withdrawn with liberty to file fresh one, if deemed fit by the applicant," the court said.
ED's move came days after CBI, on August 29, had filed a charge sheet in the case against eight accused, including four firms, alleging that Dayanidhi Maran had received a bribe of over Rs 700 crore for purportedly coercing Chennai-based telecom promoter C Sivasankaran to sell his company Aircel to Malaysia-based Maxis.
Besides the Maran brothers, the CBI has named Malaysian business tycoon T Ananda Krishnan, Malaysian national Augustus Ralph Marshall , who headed Maxis' UK-based subsidiary ASTRO All Asia Network, and four firms, including Sun Direct TV Pvt Ltd and Malaysia's Maxis Communication Berhad, as accused in the case.
The other two companies named by CBI in the charge sheet are ASTRO All Asia Network PLC and South Asia Entertainment Holding Ltd , which was allegedly managed by the Marans.
They have been charged for the offences punishable under section 120-B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC and under relevant provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sand Plast (India): Outcome of board meetingSep 08, 2014, 08.25 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sand Plast (India): Outcome of board meeting
Sand Plast (India) at its meeting held on September 05, 2014, has decided to make an application to Registrar of Companies, Rajasthan, for extension for holding the Annual General Meeting of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sand Plast (India): Outcome of board meeting
Sand Plast (India) at its meeting held on September 05, 2014, has decided to make an application to Registrar of Companies, Rajasthan, for extension for holding the Annual General Meeting of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Sand Plast (India) Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 05, 2014, has decided to make an application to Registrar of Companies, Rajasthan, for extension for holding the Annual General Meeting of the Company. Upon receiving the approval from the Registrar of Companies, Rajasthan, the Company shall accordingly intimate the Stock Exchanges and other departments, wherever required.Source : BSE

Boeing wins $11 billion order from RyanairBoeing wins 737 Max order from Ryanair worth up to $22B
Ryanair's Boeing deal secures $22B in 737 max jets
Sept. 8 (Bloomberg) -- Bloomberg's Betty Liu reports that Ryanair has agreed to purchase as many as 200 Boeing 737 Max jets in a deal valued at $22 billion. She speaks on "In The Loop."
Sept. 8 (Bloomberg) -- Bloomberg's Betty Liu reports that Ryanair has agreed to purchase as many as 200 Boeing 737 Max jets in a deal valued at $22 billion. She speaks on "In The Loop."
Boeing Ryanair Holdings Plc
Chicago-based Boeing Co. on Monday received an order for 100 of its new 737 Max 200 aircraft from European low-cost carrier Ryanair.
The order is valued at $11 billion at list prices, although carriers typically receive discounts. It has a potential value of $22 billion if Ryanair takes its option to purchase 100 more.
“I am confident we will take all of these 200 aircraft,” Ryanair CEO Michael O'Leary said at a news conference in New York on Monday. Ryanair is based in Ireland.

Economy continues to gain growth momentum  says OECDHi Guest
Economy continues to gain growth momentum, says OECD
India's economic growth continues to gain momentum while most major economies are seeing stable prospects, according to Paris-based think-tank OECD. The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development is a grouping of 34 countries. The readings are based on Composite Leading Indicators, which indicate turning points in economic activity relative to trend, for the month of July. "In India, growth continues to gain momentum while in China and Russia CLIs point to stabilisation of growth ...

RBI allows FPIs to hedge against coupon receipts of debtRBI allows FPIs to hedge against coupon receipts of debt
India s chances are good: SomdevIndia s chances are good: Somdev
Aditya Birla Chem acquires Jayshree s Chlor-Alkali divisionHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Aditya Birla Chem acquires Jayshree's Chlor-Alkali division
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, September 8:  
Aditya Birla Chemicals (India) Ltd (ABCIL) is to acquire Jayshree Chemicals’ Chlor-Alkali division for Rs 212 crore in cash. With this acquisition, the total caustic soda capacity of ABCIL will increase to about 3.55 lakh tonne per annum.
The division is an environment-friendly and energy efficient membrane cell facility located at Ganjam, Odisha and also has about 1600 acre of salt works in Andhra Pradesh, the Aditya Birla group said in a statement.
“The acquisition is strategic and further strengthens our position in the Chlor-Alkali business. It will take our Chlor-Alkali business on a higher growth trajectory. The acquisition solidifies the Group’s position as the country’s largest producer of Chlor alkali and bolsters caustic soda supply which is a critical input for the Aluminium business. The business has potential for future growth,” said Kumar Mangalam Birla, Chairman of the Aditya Birla Group.
The current capacity of the facility is about 57,000 tonne per annum. CAD is cost competitive, driven by strengths of the latest state of the art technology. JCL’s revenue for the year ended March 31, 2014, stood at Rs 136 crore.
Caustic soda is one of the essential inputs for the manufacture of alumina. It is also used widely in various other industries. The transaction is subject to statutory and regulatory approvals.
rajesh.kurup@thehindu.co.in

New Biotech policy for APNew Biotech policy for AP
Our bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept. 8:  
A new biotech and life sciences policy is expected to be unveiled by the Andhra Pradesh Government at the upcoming 1st International Conference on Marine & Agricultural Bio-technology `BIO ANDHRA 2014’ in October.
The event is being organized by the Godavari Knowledge Park in association with JNTU, Kakinada from 16-18th of October, with the support of the AP Government.
The Chief Minister of AP, N Chandra Babu Naidu, Jitendra Singh, Union Minister for Science & Technology and Nirmala Sitharaman, Minister for Industry & Commerce, Smriti Irani, Minister for HRD are expected to participate, according to M Gopalakrishna, advisory board member of JNTU, K and former Chief Secretary grade officer of AP.
Tulsi Ram Das, Vice Chancellor of JNTU K said the conference will bring together researchers, technologists, venture capitalists and policy makers and discuss actionable and workable road maps for Andhra Pradesh as new bio-tech destination.
M. Shankara Prasad, secretary, Godavari Knowledge Society said in addition to a special UN delegation, international scientists, officials of Government departments concerned with research, funding science and biotech will participate.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

NLC talks fails  strike continues: labour leadersBS Reporer |  Chennai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 08:04 PM IST
NLC talks fails, strike continues: labour leaders
Talks between the contract labours' organisations in Neyveli Lignite Corporation, the management and the Labour Department officials in Chennai to settle the issues of the contract workers has failed
Talks between the contract labours' organisations in Neyveli Lignite Corporation, the management and the Labour Department officials in Chennai to settle the issues of the contract workers has failed.
The Joint Action Council (JAC), formed in collaboration with various workers' organisations, would meet tomorrow to take further decision on this, according to a Union official.
The labour organisations in the lignite mining firm including NLC Jeeva Oppantha Thozhilalar Sangam, one of the trade unions in the JAC which had served a notice threatening to go on a strike, along with various other labour unions have met the officials. The conciliation meetings, happened from morning till late evening today.
However, the organisation leaders said that they would continue the strike till their demands are met.
Last week, the Madras High Court has given an interim stay refraining the 10,000 contract workers of Neyveli Lignite (NLC) from continuing with the indefinite strike.
The order was in response to NLC's petition, urging the court to pass an ad-interim injunction restraining the members of the unions from indulging in proceeding with the illegal strike and indulging in any mode of agitation.
Workers of the public sector major had pressed in for an indefinite strike demanding regularisation of services from yesterday.
The joint action council (JAC) comprising nine trade unions of contract workers have been demanding NLC management to regularise the services of all contract workers and revise their wages until the contract workers are absorbed into regular service.
After the NLC Jeeva Oppntha Thozhilalar Sangam had served a notice threatening to go on a strike, assistant labour commissioner (central) P Sivarajan convened a conciliation meeting.
The talks, held in Puducherry on last Wednesday also failed to arrive at a consensus as the unions refused to withdraw the strike notice and on participating in negotiations for revising their wages.
NLC stated the strike, during the pendency of conciliating proceedings, was illegal. In the petition, it noted, in the presence of assistant labour commissioner (Central), Puducherry, so far four such meetings had been held and the next one was scheduled on September 8.
Besides, as the corporation is a 'Public Utility Service' in terms of ID Act, 1957, as well as by a declaration issued by the central government, no person employed shall go on strike in breach of the contract, including without giving to the employer the notice of strike.
NLC said the unions' demand that all long-serving contract workmen be regularised as NLC employees immediately, was contrary to the 12(3) of the Act's settlements, dated October 30, 2010, and June 3, 2012, entered into by the contract workmen unions, and also does not flow from the Supreme Court order under reference.
 Advertisements

Microsoft showcases new MSN in IndiaPrint
The new MSN will deliver premium content from leading media companies which includes Indian Express, Network 18, NDTV and others.
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 8:30 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 10:08 pm
Microsoft unveiled a first look of the new MSN   in India which is designed for mobile and cloud. The new MSN will deliver premium content from leading media companies which includes The Indian Express , Network 18, NDTV, India Today and others and will also come with productivity tools.
The new MSN will go live soon. Microsoft is offering a live preview at http://preview.msn.com
With this launch, Adam Anger, General Manager for Asia Pacific, Microsoft Advertising said, “There is  a fundamental shift in MSN’s thinking as we are now more focused on Internet browsing experience regardless of the devices used to connect to the Internet.  We are combining the best of both Web and Apps in the new MSN.”
The new MSN will arrive soon on Windows, Android and iOS based mobile devices. Microsoft will no longer supply the content. “We are now into content curation and have partnered with top local content providers from India for the new MSN,” said Sanjay Trehan, Head, MSN India, Microsoft Corporation (India) Pvt. Ltd.
The new MSN offers personalised settings and users will have to log in with any of their Microsoft accounts be it Skype, Outlook or Xbox.
In the coming month, MSN will launch apps across Windows Phone, iOS and Android in which users need to set their preferences once and the content will get sorted accordingly and will also come with ‘view later’ functionality.
MSN has around 425 million users globally. On an average, 13 million unique users from India visit MSN on a monthly basis.

Self-styled godman Nithyananda undergoes potency test in rape caseThe self-proclaimed swami, Nithyananda, underwent the potency test in Bangalore on Monday.
Written by Harsha Raj Gatty | Bangalore | Posted: September 8, 2014 8:27 pm
With the Supreme Court refusing to spare Nithyananda from taking a potency test in a rape case lodged by a former disciple in 2010, the self-proclaimed swami underwent the same in Bangalore on Monday. The test that commenced at 7 am concluded at 2.30 pm at Victoria hospital.
The Karnataka High Court had in July affirmed an order of a chief judicial magistrate to subject Nithyananda to medical test to find out whether or not he was capable of having sexual intercourse, and also to collect his blood and voice samples.
According to hospital sources, multi-disciplinary tests such as physical, medical and psychological were conducted to assess if the patient was potent to perform a sexual act. While refusing to disclose test results, hospital sources said that they will hand over the report to the Karnataka Criminal Investigation Department (CID) by Tuesday afternoon.
The 36-year old had to undergo the Penile Doppler Test to ascertain if he was suffering from ailments that could render him unable to develop an erection. Besides, physicians evaluated bodily injuries and looked for deformation in the genitals.
Finally a psychiatrist interviewed the patient to learn his sexual history and assess if he had undergone sexual violence or trauma that may have left him averse to sexual intercourse. “Based on these assessments we can only conclude if the patient is potent or not, that’s it. We cannot directly link him to a particular case of sexual crime, it is for the investigating agencies to correlate this data to arrive at a logical conclusion,” a senior doctor under condition of anonymity said.
Though the test was over by afternoon neither Nithyananda nor hospital officials were available for any comment till late evening. “The patient was cooperative and conscious throughout the session and the test went smoothly,” the doctor said, while refusing to give any details about the probe-results.
Late in the evening Nithyananda was taken to the Forensic Science Laboratory laboratory in Madiwala, south Bangalore, where his voice samples were collected by the physics division. These samples wil be corroborated with the telephonic recording made by Lenin Karuppan, in which the former disciple alleges Nithyananda confessed to his sexual encounters with an actor. The recording went viral on social websites in early March 2010.
We cannot directly link him to a particular case of sexual crime, it is for the investigating agencies to correlate this data to arrive at a logical conclusion,

Modi’s ‘expansionist’ remarks not aimed at China: SwarajPrint
Responding to a question on Modi's "expansionist" remarks, Swaraj said "he never referred to any specific country. It was media's guess. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 8:02 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 9:03 pm
India Monday said Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s recent “expansionist” remarks in Japan did not refer to China.
Ahead of Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to India, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said India wants China to “understand and appreciate” its “sensitivities” regarding Arunachal Pradesh as New Delhi respects Beijing’s position on Tibet and Taiwan.
“We have a very good relationship with China. I must articulate that our relationship is that of cooperation and competition. But when Prime Minister Modi met President Xi in Fortaleza (Brazil), they had very good equation. I think the outcome of this visit will be substantial and solid,” said the minister who was presenting a report card on 100 days in office.
Responding to a question on Modi’s “expansionist” remarks, Swaraj said “he never referred to any specific country. It was media’s guess. He spoke about 18th century expansionism.”
Modi’s remarks of an “expansionist” mindset of some countries riled the Chinese official media which said the Indian leader is more “intimate with Tokyo emotionally”.
Referring to a meeting with her Chinese counterpart Wang Yi who had come here in June, Swaraj said “when they raised with us the issue of Tibet and Taiwan, we shared their sensitivities. So, we also want that they should understand and appreciate our sensitivities regarding Arunachal.”
On criticism that Modi’s recent visits to Nepal and Japan have not yielded any concrete results, the minister rejected it saying the loan from Japan was in trillions and not in billions like in the past, which was a big achievement. She also referred to the Power Trade Agreement with Nepal.
Swaraj noted that Modi was emerging as a popular leader across the world which was both “eager and enthusiastic” to engage with the government in India.
When they raised with us the issue of Tibet and Taiwan, we shared their sensitivities. So, we also want that they should understand and appreciate our sensitivities regarding Arunachal.

Uninor launches initiative to bridge mobile gender gapUninor's Project Sampark aims to empower women by facilitating their access to mobile phones in rural areas.
New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 7:36 pm
LAUNCHING an initiative called ‘Project Sampark’ which aims to empower women by facilitating their access to mobile phones in rural areas, telecom operator Uninor announced that it had received a grant of US$ 70,000 by GSMA’s Mobile for Development Foundation for the pilot phase of the project.
The seven-month long project seeks to address the socio-economic reasons behind gender mobile access gap and empower women through ownership and use of mobile phones, build awareness of the benefits of cellular technology and provide livelihood opportunities to women in the community who would be allowed to participate in the project to get more subscribers.
A total investment of about US$ 183,654 has been made in this joint initiative between Uninor and GSMA to enhance tele-density in rural pockets of the country. Initially, the project will be launched in three of Uninor’s telecom circles – UP(West), UP(East) and Bihar, and after measuring its results and accessing the impact, the project will be rolled out to its other circles in Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra. With 200 women promoters trained by Uninor itself, the project targets to add 6,000 new subscribers in rural areas a month, with at least half of them being women.
In a release by Uninor, Morten Karlsen Sorby, CEO, Uninor, stated, “The launch of ‘Project Sampark’ is a first step in the direction to using mobile connectivity to deal with the developmental challenge of gender disparity in mobile usage. This project will be truly path-breaking in its intent as well it will be self-sustainable, scalable and continue to provide livelihood opportunities for women while building awareness of the benefits of mobile connectivity.”
About  40 women and four supervisors, mainly Anganwadi and ASHA supporters,  would participate in the pilot phase of the project to be launched in 87 villages of Aligarh district of Western UP. These women promoters will sell mobile prepaid connections and recharge vouchers at the customer’s door step. An innovative product called “Jodi Pack – a pair of SIMs linked to each other, sharing benefits of recharge or talk time top-up – will be introduced to appeal to male members of the family so that they allow women to own mobile phones.  Uninor will also spread awareness through street plays and outbound call centers to constantly serve onboarding new customers, handholding them to explain the usage and benefits of the mobile phone.
“We see this as a huge opportunity from an operator’s point of view. This is just not part of the company’s Corporate Social Responsibility, but a self-sustaining business model. This project makes commercial sense to us as well as become an important tool to provide women livelihood,” Rajeev Sethi ,Chief Marketing Officer, Uninor told reporters here.
Uninor is majority owned subsidiart of Telenor Group – one of the major mobile operators with headquarters in Oslo, Norway. Its circles in India account for more than 50 per cent of the country’s population.
By Tanima Banerjee

Over 40% workers in US foresee lower pay: Studyharvard
(More than 40 per cent of the…)
WASHINGTON: The corporate executives who decide whether US workers get meaningful raises have a message: Don't expect one anytime soon.
And if you're counting on a full-time job offer in the future, your prospects may be dimming.
That's the future that many US executives envision.
A survey of Harvard Business School alumni released Monday reveals a series of trends that are widening income disparities and may be weakening the ability of the US economy to grow in the long term.
More than 40 per cent of the respondents foresee lower pay and benefits for workers. Roughly half favor outsourcing work over hiring staffers. A growing share prefer part-time employees. Nearly half would rather invest in new technology than hire or retain workers.
At the same time, it's becoming harder for the executives to find skilled workers, according to the survey results.
Jan Rivkin , one of the survey's lead authors, suggested that a failure by companies to develop a skilled workforce could ultimately hurt those companies and the competitiveness of the US economy.
``The bleak picture facing middle and working class Americans are the canary in our coal mine,'' said Rivkin, a Harvard business professor. ``Eventually, that will come back to haunt business.''
The survey reflects the unevenness of the recovery from the Great Recession. Since the recession officially ended more than five years ago, many of the gains in employment, income and wealth have failed to circulate through the entire economy.
Few workers have received meaningful pay raises. Median household incomes, adjusted for inflation , are below their pre-recession levels, according to estimates by Sentier Research. The median income was $54,045 in July, about 4.6 per cent lower than when the recession began in late 2007.
The survey suggests that incomes aren't likely to increase much anytime soon. Forty-one per cent of respondents see lower wages and benefits ahead; just 27 per cent expect pay raises.
The survey's responses run counter to some traditional economic models. Historically, a falling unemployment rate _ the US rate has dropped steadily to 6.1 per cent _ tends to spur competition among employers for workers and leads them to raise wages and salaries.
The survey found that many companies are reluctant to add jobs if other alternatives exist. Only 25 per cent said they preferred investing in employees, compared with 46 per cent who would rather spend on technology. Forty-nine per cent favored outsourcing work over hiring.
The companies have become more dependent on part-timers in the past three years and say it's harder to fill skilled positions.
The survey report notes that companies could invest more in education to improve workers' skills. Companies tend to donate to schools for computers, backpacks and scholarships, rather than programs that might better prepare students for careers. Only 27 per cent of respondents said their companies have partnerships with community colleges.
The survey drew on responses from 1,947 Harvard Business School graduates, ranging in age from 26 to 98. Among the respondents who are working, 40 per cent said they had a title of chief executive or its equivalent.
The economic recovery has left many executives feeling more optimistic about the competitiveness of the US economy compared with the first survey of alumni taken three years ago. Slightly less than half say the economy is becoming less competitive relative to other countries. That marks an improvement from 71 per cent who said so in 2011 and 58 per cent who did in 2012.
These executives have reasons to be more upbeat. The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index closed last week at a record high. Stock gains have been fueled in part by solid profits from publicly traded companies. And the median compensation for a chief executive at a publicly traded company topped $10.5 million last year, according to an analysis by the Associated Press.
But the survey results indicate that such gains might ultimately be unsustainable. Without educated workers and rising standards of living, the economy faces a greater risk of stagnating. The results indicate that doubts about the economy have faded during the recovery but that the economic divide poses a longer-term challenge to continued growth.
``One way to think about it: The ship is sinking more slowly,'' Rivkin said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

J&K floods: Chenab  Jhelum and Tawi continue to wreak havocWatch: Former MP Saifuddin Soz heckled by flood victims in Srinagar
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

J&K floods: Rescue operations stepped up as waters start recedingWatch: Former MP Saifuddin Soz heckled by flood victims in Srinagar
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

News 360: J&K floods claim nearly 200 lives  massive rescue onWatch: Former MP Saifuddin Soz heckled by flood victims in Srinagar
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Boeing shares rise after Ryanair dealNPS soars after preliminary review from FDA
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
Pharmaceutical Industry Food and Drug Administration
NEW YORK (Reuters) - NPS Pharmaceuticals Inc  rose sharply in premarket trading on Wednesday, after a preliminary review by the Food and Drug Administration said the company's hormone replacement therapy Natpara reduced the need for calcium and vitamin D supplements in clinical trials.
The stock gained 17 percent to $30.15 before the opening bell, putting it on track for its biggest one-day surge since August 2013. Volume of about 730,000 shares was almost half the stock's 50-day average of more than 1.6 million.

Now  Spotify wants to pelt you with video adsIt's never just about the musicReuters/Dado Ruvic
SHARE
John McDuling @jmcduling
September 8, 2014
Facebook has been stuffing its newsfeed full of video ads. Twitter has  been experimenting with video ads in timelines. Now Spotify, a service known primarily for its audio experience rather than its visuals, also wants a piece of the action.
The Swedish-based streaming music service  today launched  two video advertising products. The first allows brands to buy 15- or 30-second video “takeover” ad breaks on its desktop platform. The second (and arguably more interesting one) allows mobile users to opt in and subject themselves to 30-second video commercials, in exchange for 30 minutes of free listening.
It remains to be seen how users will respond to the new ads. But it makes perfect sense for Spotify to explore using them. Online video is one of the fastest growing segments of the advertising industry. Jefferies Equity Research expects online video ad spending to hit $10 billion next year. Video advertising is more effective and less commoditized than other forms of online advertising, so in theory it should command higher rates.
Share
Tap image to zoom
It also makes sense for Spotify, potentially readying itself for an IPO, to explore new ways to monetize its free user base, which at last count stood at around 30 million. (Another 10 million users pay about $10 a month for an ad-free experience.) Spotify has never confirmed or even commented on any plans for an initial public offering, but this year, the company established a credit facility with investment banks, sought to hire compliance professionals , and even hosted  practice earnings calls .
There is at least one more reason why Spotify’s foray into video advertising is intriguing.
The biggest streaming music service of them all (according to no less an authority than Spotify’s CEO , Daniel Ek) actually is YouTube. For years, people have used the Google-owned video upload site as a de-facto free streaming music service, creating playlists of film clips to play back and listen to. YouTube is now  reportedly edging toward the launch of a full-fledged streaming audio service (with both free and subscription-based tiers) that would be a direct challenge to Spotify.
Spotify’s audience is a fraction of YouTube’s, but in attempting to capture a slice of the online video advertising market, it is now edging onto YouTube’s turf.
Share this:

How billions are sneaking out of Brazil and harming developmentBorders
September 8, 2014
Brazil is leaking: In 2012, 1.5% of its gross domestic product—equal to $34 billion—slipped out of the country, never to return.
Since 1960, $401 billion have left the country, on average about $7.5 billion a year resulting from “crime, corruption and tax evasion.” Recent growth in Brazil’s economy has met with commensurate increases in the amount of capital slipping out of the country, according to a new report from Global Financial Integrity , an NGO dedicated to aiding economic development by preventing corruption. While broad capital flight has typically been associated with economic crises, like the 1998 collapse of its exchange rate system or the global financial crisis, an increasing amount is driven by capital GFI considers “illicit”:
Share
Tap image to zoom
How is this happening? Mostly thanks to what’s called “trade mis-invoicing,” which is when companies submit false reports to the government about their trade deals. Most common in Brazil is “export under-invoicing”, when a Brazilian company might export a $5 million consignment of a given commodity abroad, report the value to Brazil’s government as $2 million, and strike a deal with the foreign importer to send the remaining $3 million to a shell company in another country, often a tax haven. It doesn’t help that commodities exports are a major driver of the country’s economy.
That robs the country’s government of whatever profits might be taxed. But the losses don’t stop there: Economists like Dev Kar, the lead author the study, say mispricing also robs the country of that capital’s reinvestment, while also reducing Brazil’s foreign reserves. The “profits shipped abroad,” in Kar’s words, can only be found by comparing Brazilian export data with what other countries say they paid, and measuring the discrepancy—one way big data is changing the way the world fights financial crime.
The news of these outflows won’t sit well in Brazil, where massive public expenditures on the infrastructure for global sports events like last summer’s World Cup and the 2018 Olympic Games have motivated social unrest around economic inequality and a lack of investment in the country’s poorest citizens ahead of this fall’s elections. The good news is that Brazil is begun implementing policies designed to crack down on illicit flows, including new requirements on pricing transparency. But the country lags behind on measures like corporate secrecy, effective customs enforcement and corporate accountability, all of which will be needed to halt capital seepage.
Share this:

All the body parts youre going to use to make your online life more secureCybercrime
September 8, 2014
First the good news: “password” is no longer the most widely used password. Now the bad news: it’s been knocked off the top spot by “ 123456 .” Banks and online retailers—who have the most to lose from hacks—know that no matter how much they ask users to think up a password with capitals, numbers, characters, and obscure phrases in Tagalog, passwords will always remain weak and prone to hacking.
So if thoughts from inside your head won’t cut it, perhaps actual body parts will. Here what some people think might replace passwords for good:
Your veins
Barclays  announced last week  it will provide biometric readers to its corporate banking clients from next year. The biometric reader looks like a bank-branded pulse oximeter , the sort of medical device you’re hooked up to when rushed to the hospital. It looks for  unique vein patterns  in the finger to ensure the person brokering a big deal is, in fact, who they say they are.
Your vocal chords
It’s not the first newfangled technology that Barclays has deployed to try and bolster security. Last year it introduced “voice biometrics”—analysing speech patterns—for its wealth and investment management clients. That system is provided by Nuance, a company best known for producing the Dragon NaturallySpeaking voice-to-text software. It has  a 95% success rate  in correctly identifying customers (standard security questions are used as a fallback option).
Your hand(writing)
Alibaba, the giant Chinese online retailer, is  integrating fingerprint scanning  into its Alipay Wallet app. Foxconn, the Taiwanese manufacturer of the iPhone and iPad, threw nearly $5 million at Norway’s NEXT Biometrics, which develops fingerprint scanning technology, back in May. And earlier this month it took a 10% stake for $2 million in AirSig, a Taiwanese company that uses smartphones’ built-in gyroscopes to track air handwriting. The company says AirSig provides three-factor authentication: your signature, your phone, and the way you sign with a flourish in mid-air.
Your friends’ faces
If you don’t particularly care for the idea of using your own body parts, why not use a friend’s? Researchers at the University of York  recently  tested  the theory behind a system that they call “Facelock.” Users pick people known to them but not to the general public. Pictures of these familiar faces replace the password; users are given a selection to choose from. Lab tests show that hackers guess the correct face less than 1% of the time, while legitimate users rarely failed in their recall.
None of these systems are as innovative or infallible as their makers boast. Fingerprint scanners have been attached (pdf) to mainstream consumer electronics for more than a decade, and have often proved temperamental or prone to fakery. Apple’s TouchID on the iPhone 5s was hack-free for a grand total of 48 hours after its release. Signatures can be forged, even if they’re written in mid-air.
But at least nobody’s going to be chopping off fingers: For Barclays’s finger vein technology to work, the finger must be attached to a body. One way or the other, the future of passwords is clear, and it doesn’t involve passwords .
Share this:

SBI plans to launch contact-less debit cardSBI plans to launch contact-less debit card
NGT issues notice to Delhi govt and others over water unitsNGT issues notice to Delhi govt and others over water units
India signs free trade agreement in services  investments with ASEANIndia signs free trade agreement in services  investments with ASEAN
Telecom services being restored in phased manner in KashmirTelecom services being restored in phased manner in Kashmir
Notorious serial killer Jack the Ripper  identified  through DNA tracesNotorious serial killer Jack the Ripper 'identified' through DNA traces
AFP
print
Jack the Ripper, one of the most notorious serial killers in history, has been identified through DNA traces found on a shawl, claims a sleuth in a book out on Tuesday.
The true identity of Jack the Ripper, whose grisly murders terrorised the murky slums of Whitechapel in east London in 1888, has been a mystery ever since, with dozens of suspects that include royalty and prime ministers down to bootmakers.
But after extracting DNA from a shawl recovered from the scene of one of the killings, which matched relatives of both the victim and one of the suspects, Jack the Ripper sleuth Russell Edwards claims the identity of the murderer is now beyond doubt.
He says the infamous killer is Aaron Kosminski, a Jewish emigre from Poland, who worked as a barber.
Edwards, a businessman interested in the Ripper story, bought a bloodstained Victorian shawl at auction in 2007.
The story goes that it came from the murder scene of the Ripper's fourth victim, Catherine Eddowes, on September 30, 1888.
Police acting sergeant Amos Simpson, who had been at the scene, got permission from his superiors to take it for his dressmaker wife -- who was subsequently aghast at the thought of using a bloodstained shawl.
It had hitherto been passed down through the policeman's direct descendants, who had stored it unwashed in a box. It briefly spent a few years on loan to Scotland Yard's crime museum.
Victim disembowelled
Edwards sought to find out if DNA technology could conclusively link the shawl to the murder scene.
Working on the blood stains, Doctor Jari Louhelainen, senior lecturer in molecular at Liverpool John Moores University, isolated seven small segments of mitochondrial DNA, which is passed down through the female line.
They were matched with the DNA of Karen Miller, a direct descendant of Eddowes, confirming her blood was on the shawl.
Meanwhile stains exposed under ultra-violet light suggested the presence of seminal fluid.
Doctor David Miller, reader in molecular andrology at the University of Leeds, managed to find cells from which DNA was isolated.
With the help of genealogists, Edwards found a descendant of Kosminski through the female line, who offered samples of her DNA.
Louhelainen was then able to match DNA from the semen stains to Kosminski's descendant.
For Edwards, this places Kosminski at the scene of Eddowes' gruesome murder.
Eddowes, 46, was killed on the same night as the Ripper's third victim. An orphan with a daughter and two sons, she worked as a casual prostitute.
She was found brutally murdered at 1:45am. Her throat was cut and she was disembowelled. Her face was also mutilated.
The belief is that the shawl was left at the crime scene by the killer, not Eddowes.
Calls for peer review
Kosminski was born in Klodawa in central Poland on September 11, 1865. His family fled the imperial Russian anti-Jewish pogroms and emigrated to east London in the early 1880s. He lived close to the murder scenes.
Some reports say he was taken in by the police to be identified by a witness who had seen him with one of the victims, and though a positive identification was made, the witness refused to give incriminating evidence, meaning the police had little option but to release him.
He entered a workhouse in 1889, where he was described on admission as "destitute". He was discharged later that year but soon ended up in an insane asylum.
He died from gangrene in an asylum on March 24, 1919 and was buried three days later at East Ham Cemetery in east London.
Some have cast doubt on Edwards' findings.
The research has not been published a a peer-reviewed scientific journal, meaning the claims cannot be independently verified or the methodology scrutinised.
Professor Alec Jeffreys, who invented the DNA fingerprinting technique 30 years ago this week, called for further verification.
"An interesting but remarkable claim that needs to be subjected to peer review, with detailed analysis of the provenance of the shawl and the nature of the claimed DNA match with the perpetrator's descendants and its power of discrimination; no actual evidence has yet been provided," Jeffreys told The Independent newspaper.

Iconic U.S. appliance brand goes SwedishGE's iconic U.S. appliance brand goes Swedish
By Chris Isidore  @CNNMoney September 8, 2014: 10:22 AM ET
GE is selling its appliance business to Electrolux for $3.3 billion.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
An iconic U.S. appliance brand is about to become Swedish.
General Electric ( GE ) is selling its century-old appliance business to Electrolux for $3.3 billion.
The GE name will not be going away from the line of refrigerators, stoves and dishwashers that were a major way most Americans knew the GE name. Electrolux ( ELUXY ) is buying the rights to continue to use the GE brand.
GE has been in the appliance business since 1905 when it introduced the first electric toaster.
But the GE's sale is part of its longer-term strategy to focus on higher margin industrial businesses, such as jet engines, power turbines and railroad locomotives.
"This transaction is consistent with our strategy to be the world's best infrastructure and technology company," said GE CEO Jeff Immelt.
GE's appliance business had revenue last year of $5.7 billion, and has about 12,000 employees. But that revenue represented only about 4% of GE's overall sales and an even smaller percentage of its profit.
First Published: September 8, 2014: 7:02 AM ET
Join the Conversation

AAP releases  sting video   BJP denies poaching chargesAAP releases 'bribe video' , BJP denies poaching charges
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 08, 2014
First Published: 12:13 IST(8/9/2014) | Last Updated: 21:45 IST(8/9/2014)
Comments
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) on Monday accused a senior Delhi Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader of trying to bribe an AAP legislator to switch sides and help the BJP form a government in the capital, but the BJP’s local unit washed its hands off the controversy.
 
AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal released a sting video purportedly showing Delhi BJP vice president Sher Singh Dagar offering Rs. 4 crore to AAP MLA Dinesh Mohaniya amid reports that the BJP was preparing to form the government in Delhi, which has been under president’s rule since February.
 
Mohania was allegedly told he could contest the election on a BJP ticket and even if he lost, he would be given chairmanship of any government-run board.
 
Neither the BJP nor the AAP have a majority to form a government in Delhi: the BJP is the single largest party in Delhi with 28 MLAs in the 67-member house, while the AAP has 27 members and the Congress only eight. There are four other members in the house.
 
Reports said the BJP looked set to receive an invitation from lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung any time and the party was likely to prove its majority on the floor of the house in a secret ballot.
 
Monday’s allegations are likely to weigh on any decision by the lieutenant governor on whether to call the BJP to form the next government in Delhi.
Video: Sting captures senior BJP leader trying to bribe AAP MLA
Rs. 4 crore.'>
“Under any circumstances, we are not going to allow the BJP to form the government by using illegal means," Kejriwal said at a press conference. He added that said raw footage of the sting operation will be submitted to the Supreme Court which is set to hear a Delhi Assembly case on Tuesday.
 
Sources said the AAP wanted to discredit the BJP and stall any effort to form a government. The AAP has been pressing for fresh elections because its internal assessment shows it can improve its 2013 tally of 28 seats.
 
“Only the L-G can say what will be done. Only he can take any decision," Home Minister Rajnath Singh said when asked about the political situation in Delhi.
 
The BJP’s Delhi unit distanced itself from the controversy, but sought an explanation from Dagar. “The party has nothing to do with the entire episode,” said a senior BJP leader.
 
“We have sought an explanation from Dagar. He had not gone to meet the AAP MLA, rather he had approached BJP. Dagar is anyway not authorised to take a decision on anyone wishing to join the party,” said Satish Upadhyay, Delhi BJP president.
 
Dagar said Mohania had approached him to join the BJP: “If someone visits me, how can I not attend to the person?”  He also said he will quit politics if the charges were proved.
What do you think about the controversy regarding the Delhi government? Take our survey and tell us:

Who is buying your personal infonext
Politicians and their campaign teams have long targeted voters and potential donors by combing through things like public property records and voter registrations to find out how often you vote, what your home is worth and what party you are aligned with.
But now they're able to learn even more about you.
By buying reports from data brokers that track your purchases, web surfing habits and social media activity, political candidates can now figure out the issues you support, how much money you earn and the best way to reach you.
"(Big Data) tells us who they are, where they are, how old they are, what they like on Facebook, what they talk about online—and what they dislike," explained Jake Rosen, a Fleishman-Hlllard strategist, in a 2012 report about campaign use of data analytics.
The problem is that many Americans have no idea that they're being profiled, said Jeffrey Chester, executive director of the Center for Digital Democracy.
"Not only do you have no idea, but you have no way to control that process whatsoever," he said.

Deportation: Its cost - and human tollDeportation: Its cost - and human toll
By Zain Asher and Gregory Wallace  @CNNMoney September 8, 2014: 9:36 AM ET
 
This is what a deportation looks like
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Jonathan Lara had no idea immigration officers had been watching him. But when he stepped outside one morning last month, they swooped in, took him into custody, and began a legal process that could end with his deportation.
Lara holds a green card that allows him to live in the U.S. It can be revoked if he violates the law. The officers said they arrested him because of a conviction for dealing heroin, an incident several years ago that Lara calls a youthful mistake.
Now he faces possible deportation to his home country, the Dominican Republic.
Roughly 370,000 individuals were deported last fiscal year. Most were apprehended when trying to cross illegally into the U.S., but about 133,000 deportations began with an apprehension like Lara's.
Today, an estimated 12 million undocumented immigrants live in the United States.
And reforming the immigration and deportation system is one of the most politically charged and difficult issues facing policymakers in Washington.
President Obama has directed immigration officials to focus their efforts on those who have been convicted of crimes rather than, for example, the so-called "Dreamers," young people who arrived in the U.S. illegally at a young age.
On Saturday, Obama announced that he would postpone until after the November election any executive action changes that would protect many undocumented immigrants from deportation.
The Immigration and Customs Enforcement office that handles apprehension and deportation has a budget of some $3 billion.
Each deportation costs about $23,000 to complete, including the apprehension, legal process, and eventual removal. Nearly 290,000 individuals were deported in fiscal year 2012 on government jets -- known as ICE Air -- and thousands more are moved on commercial planes.
Lara and thousands of other candidates for deportation are awaiting hearings that will decide their fate. The average wait in a detention center: about 27 days.

Indian economy continues to gain growth momentumIndian economy continues to gain growth momentum: OECD
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 22:16 IST
India's economic growth continues to gain momentum while most major economies are seeing stable prospects, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) has said.
OECD is a grouping of 34 countries.
The readings are based on Composite Leading Indicators (CLIs), which indicate turning points in economic activity relative to trend, for the month of July.
"In India, growth continues to gain momentum while in China and Russia CLIs point to stabilisation of growth momentum. The CLI for Brazil suggests a tentative upward change in momentum," Paris-based think-tank OECD said in a statement.
India's CLI in July rose to 99 compared to 98.9 in June. The same has been improving since it stood at 98.5 in March.
The country's growth touched 5.7 per cent in April-June quarter , the highest in two-and-a-half years.
India's gross domestic product had expanded by 4.7 per cent in the April-June quarter of the last fiscal year that ended on March 31, 2014. In the January-March period (last quarter of 2013-14), it was 4.6 per cent.
The previous high of GDP growth rate was recorded at 6 per cent in the October-December quarter of 2011-12.
Meanwhile, the grouping noted that CLIs continue to signal a stable growth momentum in most major economies.
"The CLIs for the OECD area as a whole as well as for the United States, Canada and United Kingdom continue to point to stable growth momentum," the statement said.
In Germany the CLI continues to point to slowing momentum, whereas in Italy there are tentative signs of a loss of growth momentum. In the euro area as a whole and in France, the CLIs remain stable, it added.
"The CLI for Japan continues to indicate an interruption in growth momentum though this may be related to one-off factors."

No FDI in multi-brand retail  e-commerce: Si...Bharatiya Janata Party
(Sitharaman said BJP has…)
NEW DELHI: The government will not allow foreign direct investment (FDI) in multi-brand retail, Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said Monday.
"We are clear that FDI will not be allowed in multi-brand retail trade. We shall not entertain FDI in MBRT. There is no ambiguity. There is no confusion on this," Sitharaman said, addressing a press conference here on the initiatives by her ministry in the 100 days of the NDA regime.
Sitharaman said the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has clearly articulated its position on foreign equity in multi-brand retail and won the elections on the basis of the manifesto.
"There is no conflict in our minds. We are clear that we do want FDI in multi-brand retail. It is just that we do not see there is a need for us to come out with any notification specifying this as we are not sitting on applications," Sitharaman said.
The previous UPA government had opened the multi-brand retail sector for foreign investment and allowed up to 51 percent FDI in the sector, but the BJP does not intend to scrap this policy.
Pointing to the prevailing impression that e-commerce is a way to bring in FDI into multi-brand retail through the "back door", Sitaraman said: "We do not allow FDI in e-commerce as well, as the policy is the same as that for multi-brand retail."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Reddit takes down celebrity nude photosReddit takes down celebrity nude photos
By David Goldman   @DavidGoldmanCNN September 8, 2014: 11:26 AM ET
TheFappening subreddit, home to celebrities' hacked nude photos, has been banned.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Reddit has taken down "TheFappening," a subreddit that was the go-to place for hacked, nude celebrity photos.
The website called the photos "deplorable." In a gross invasion of privacy, the photos were stolen from celebrities' Apple iCloud accounts.
But taking down the subreddit was not without controversy.
Reddit has a longstanding policy of allowing users to post pretty much whatever they want -- so long as what they post abides by U.S. law. Since the United States does not prohibit online links to stolen material, Reddit says it was not obligated to taking the photos down.
"Our general stance on this stuff is that reddit is a platform, and there are times when platforms get used for very deplorable things," said Jason Harvey, Reddit's senior system administrator, in a blog post . "Still, in the moment ... it was hard to see much merit to that viewpoint."
Related: Apple to beef up security measures after nude photo leak
Harvey said that Reddit's staff had a lengthy internal debate about what to do with TheFappening. Many Reddit employees were morally opposed to keeping the subreddit up, particularly because it was so immensely popular.
The subreddit generated 250 million page views in the week or so that it hosted the nude celebrity photos, according to " Johnsmcjohn ," the redditor who created TheFappening.
 
Cybersecurity stocks thrive in scary online world
Reddit acknowledged that it hit a new traffic milestone, as a result of TheFappening, adding the company was "ashamed" to share the numbers publicly.
As a result of the photos' popularity, Reddit said it was being overloaded with so-called DMCA takedown requests, in which copyright holders can demand that certain content be taken off of a website. The celebrities' representatives overwhelmed Reddit's legal team. The company also noted that some of the photos were of minors, violating Reddit's terms and conditions (and U.S. law).
Related: Welcome to the Age of Hacks
That was the final straw, according to the company.
"It quickly devolved into a game of whack-a-mole," Harvey said. "We'd execute a takedown, someone would adjust, reupload, and then repeat. This same practice was occurring with the underage photos, requiring our constant intervention. It became obvious that we were either going to have to watch these subreddits constantly, or shut them down. We chose the latter."
Still, Reddit called this "an extreme circumstance," and it is unlikely to make changes to its content policies as a result of the incident.
"We should continue to be as open as a platform as we can be, and while we in no way condone or agree with this activity, we should not intervene beyond what the law requires," Reddit's Harvey said about how the company plans on treating most of the offensive content posted to the site in the future.
"The arguments for and against are numerous, and this is not a comfortable stance to take in this situation, but it is what we have decided on."
That didn't go unnoticed by Johnsmcjohn.
Related: Why Jennifer Lawrence's career won't be hurt by nude photos
"I created /r/TheFappening on Sunday. A quarter billion page views and ... later it got banned. Not because it violated site rules, because it got too many DMCA takedown," Johnsmcjohn noted. "Reddit is all for free speech until it is inconvenient for them."

Ends Up Costco Is Not PerfectCostco To Pay $335,000 Fine Over Alleged Ozone-Depleting Leaks
Reuters
Updated:
09/03/2014  6:59 pm EDT
A man enters a Costco Wholesale Corp. store in Louisville, Kentucky, U.S., on Thursday, May 29, 2014. Costco Wholesale Corp., the largest U.S. warehouse-club chain, posted fiscal third-quarter profit that missed analysts' estimates even as comparable sales gained 6 percent. Photographer: Luke Sharrett/Bloomberg via Getty Images | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
Sept 3 (Reuters) - Costco Wholesale Corp will pay a  $335,000 fine and spend about $2 million over three years to fix  refrigerant leaks and make other improvements at 274 stores to  settle allegations that the warehouse club operator violated the  federal Clean Air Act.
The U.S. Department of Justice and Environmental Protection  Agency on Wednesday said Costco failed from 2004 to 2007 to  promptly repair leaks from its refrigeration equipment of the  refrigerant R-22, an ozone-depleting greenhouse gas with roughly  1,800 times more global warming potential than carbon dioxide.
Costco also failed to keep adequate records of its servicing  of refrigeration equipment to prevent leaks, the agencies said.
The settlement requires Costco to retrofit or replace  commercial refrigeration equipment at 30 stores. Costco must  also adopt procedures designed to prevent and repair coolant  leaks and reduce its leak rate by at least 20 percent by 2017.
Based in Issaquah, Washington, Costco recently said it  operates 466 warehouse stores in the United States and Puerto  Rico, and 660 worldwide.
Costco did not immediately respond to a request for comment.     (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Dan  Grebler)
More:

Top 4 beach products   Edition: Sep 14, 2014
A general view of Anjuna beach in Goa (Photo: Reuters)
BT More brings you the top beach products to buy for a relaxing sea-side evening or coastal vacation. Featuring:
SAND-FREE BLANKET
C-Gear's unique product, a sandless beach mat made of woven polyurethane, acts as a one-way filter as well as a comfy blanket. Sand that lands on it directly gets distilled as well.
COOKING KIT
The Buccaneer is an all-in-one cooking kit for the barbecue lover. If your trip to the beach isn't complete without some grilled sausages, get this insulated tote that can hold beer, tongs and a grill.
SUNSHADE
{mosimage}Who wants to spend his day at the beach lugging a tent around? Try the Sport-Brella XL - a 9-ft umbrella that has side flaps and spikes to anchor it in the sand. Wind vents ensure that your shelter is not blown away.
SUNSCREEN
Beyond Coastal's range of sunscreen products promises chemical-free protection from the sun. Get a lotion (SPF-30 or above) and a lip balm to prevent cracked and sunburnt lips.

Costco Is Blowing Away ExpectationsCostco's Sales Are Blowing Away Expectations
Posted:
Updated:
09/04/2014  1:59 pm EDT
A man enters a Costco Wholesale Corp. store in Louisville, Kentucky, U.S., on Thursday, May 29, 2014. Costco Wholesale Corp., the largest U.S. warehouse-club chain, posted fiscal third-quarter profit that missed analysts' estimates even as comparable sales gained 6 percent. Photographer: Luke Sharrett/Bloomberg via Getty Images | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
ISSAQUAH, Wash. (AP) — Costco's August sales at stores open at least a year climbed 7 percent, which was much better than industry watchers had expected.
Comparable-store sales are a key gauge of a retailer's health because it excludes the volatility from stores  that have been recently opened or closed.
Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters had been looking for an increase of only 4.8 percent.
Domestic sales led the way, rising 7 percent, compared with 6 percent internationally.
And if the impact of lower gas prices and foreign currency fluctuations are stripped away, global sales at stores open at least a year climbed 8 percent.  By that measure, sales rose 8 percent overseas and 7 percent in the U.S.
Revenue for the four weeks ended Aug. 31 increased 10 percent to $8.8 billion.
For the fourth quarter, Costco Wholesale Corp. said that sales at stores open at least a year rose 6 percent. The U.S. and overseas both posted 6 percent gains.
Excluding the impact of lower gas prices and foreign currency fluctuations, sales at stores open at least a year climbed 7 percent. In the U.S. the figure rose 6 percent. It increased 8 percent abroad.
Fourth-quarter total revenue climbed 9 percent to $34.8 billion.
Full-year sales at stores open at least a year increased 4 percent. The U.S. reported a 5 percent rise. Internationally, the figure rose 3 percent.
Taking out the impact of lower gas prices and foreign currency fluctuations, sales at stores open at least a year climbed 6 percent. In the U.S. the metric rose 5 percent. Internationally, the figure increased 7 percent.
Total revenue for the year climbed 7 percent to $110.2 billion.
Costco, based in Issaquah, Washington, ended fiscal 2014 with 663 locations, including 468 in the U.S. and Puerto Rico, 88 in Canada, 33 in Mexico, 26 in the U.K., 20 in Japan, 11 in Korea, 10 in Taiwan, six in Australia and one in Spain. It plans to open up to an additional nine new warehouse stores before the calendar year ends.
More:

Hundreds Arrested As Fast-Food Workers Strike Across The Country'$15 Could Change Everything': Hundreds Arrested As Fast-Food Workers Strike Nationwide
Posted:
reddit
CHARLESTON, S.C. -- About two dozen of this city's fast-food workers marched Thursday afternoon to a street corner that's home to a McDonald's, a Wendy's and a KFC. Calling for a living wage of $15, they seated themselves in the middle of a freeway entrance, backing up traffic as far as the eye could see.
Charleston police were eventually forced to pull them out of the street one by one, citing them for disorderly conduct in what were deemed "non-custodial" arrests. All told, 18 people -- most of them earning right around minimum wage -- were arrested next to the McDonald's parking lot.
"I'm just tired of seeing my family struggle," Robert Brown, a 20-year-old with short dreadlocks sprouting from his McDonald's visor, said right after a cop handed him a citation ordering him to appear in court. "I can't help them at all with what I make."
The Charleston arrests were part of Thursday's nationwide protest coordinated by Fight for $15, a union-backed campaign in which workers are demanding a $15 wage and union recognition. With the support of local labor and community groups, workers have been taking part in a series of intermittent one-day strikes in various cities over the past two years, shaming big fast-food companies like McDonald's over low pay and irregular hours.
Organizers billed Thursday's strikes and protests as an escalation of the campaign through civil disobedience. Notably, the demonstrations have spread well beyond big cities like New York and Chicago, where they were originally based. On Thursday, workers took to the streets in places like Durham, North Carolina; Tucson, Arizona; and Rochester, New York, according to news reports.
A Fight for $15 spokesperson said that roughly 500 people had been arrested in the demonstrations as of Thursday afternoon, though a portion of those appeared to be citations without arrest.
In instances that HuffPost could confirm, police arrested 47 people in Kansas City, Missouri; 27 in West Milwaukee, Wisconsin; 19 in New York City's Times Square; 30 in Detroit; 11 in San Diego; 8 in Wilkinsburg, Pennsylvania; seven in Miami; and three in Denver. Police also confirmed 19 citations in Chicago; 10 in Indianapolis; 13 in Hartford, Connecticut; and 10 in Las Vegas. In most cases, the arrests and citations came after protesters were blocking traffic.
The high-profile strikes -- which tend to draw national news coverage when they happen -- have helped progressive legislators push through minimum wage hikes on the state and local level in recent months, including a $15 wage floor that will slowly go into effect in Seattle. Even President Barack Obama has held up the protests as evidence that Congress needs to hike the federal minimum wage, which hasn't been raised since 2009. The current level of $7.25 is less than half of what the Fight for $15 campaign is calling for.
"You know what? If I were looking for a job that lets me build some security for my family, I’d join a union," Obama said Monday in a Labor Day speech. "If I were busting my butt in the service industry and wanted an honest day’s pay for an honest day’s work, I’d join a union."
While the fast-food companies themselves have generally remained quiet, critics of the campaign who sympathize with the industry have tried to dismiss the protests as stunts orchestrated by the Service Employees International Union. The union has devoted millions of dollars to the campaign in an effort to bring unionism to what's generally a union-free industry.
With some exceptions, the fast-food strikes generally haven't been large enough to shut down restaurants. In fact, it isn't always clear how many of the people participating in a protest are striking workers. In Charleston on Thursday, several workers said they had the day off and wanted to take part in the protest; others told HuffPost they were missing a scheduled shift and were formally notifying their bosses they were taking part in a protected one-day strike.
Jonathan Bennett said he was supposed to be working at Arby's on Thursday.
"If we don't do this, I don't know who will," Bennett said. "$15 could change everything."
South Carolina does not mandate a minimum wage higher than the federal level. All of the workers interviewed by HuffPost on Thursday said they made less than $8 per hour at their restaurants. That works out to a full-time salary of about $16,000 per year, which is well below the poverty level for a family of three. Most workers said they don't get a full 40 hours each week, either.
As in other towns, the Charleston protest drew in just a small fraction of the city's actual fast-food workforce. But the fact that it was happening at all in South Carolina took onlookers by surprise. The state has the third-lowest union density in the nation, with little of the organized labor infrastructure that often helps lead a wage protest.
Dave Crossley, a local who came out in support of the protest, marveled at the line of workers bottling up traffic for blocks on Spring Street, chanting for "$15 and a union."
"This sort of thing doesn't happen in Charleston," he said.
Dave Jamieson reported from Charleston and Jillian Berman reported from New York.
More:

Ask Matt: Should I invest in AlibabaAFP/Getty
Q: Should I invest in the Alibaba IPO?
A: The initial public offering of Chinese Internet stock Alibaba is one for the record books. Speculators figure it fits in their portfolio, too.
The company, which is behind building key online shopping systems in China, on Friday set initial terms for its IPO. The deal is expected to raise $20.1 billion by selling 320.1 million shares between $60 and $66 a share. The company itself is selling 123 million shares, and the rest comes from insiders and investors, such as Yahoo.
The IPO price can be raised or lowered by the time the company actually sells the shares. The fact the company is obscure in the U.S. and the deal huge could help keep the initial price around the expected price range, says Francis Gaskins, director of research at Equities.com. Bankers will avoid ramping up the price on Alibaba shares to avoid the stumble Facebook suffered after its May 2012 IPO, Gaskins says. Traders might take a chance with the IPO as long as it prices within its expected range, he says. Most individuals, though, won’t have access to the IPO and need to wait until it trades. The deal isn’t appealing if it hits $70 a share, Gaskins says. Investors can also buy into the Alibaba IPO though a fund, such as the Renaissance Capital IPO exchange-traded fund (IPO).
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

Economy Barely Budges In Disappointing Jobs ReportEconomy Barely Budges In Disappointing Jobs Report
Posted:
reddit
Like the monster at the end of a horror movie, the lame, sluggish recovery that we thought was dead just crawled out of the grave to give us another scare.
The job market was lousy again in August after several months of decent growth. Employers added just 142,000 jobs to non-farm payrolls, the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported on Friday, the worst month for job growth this year. It fell short of the 223,000 economists expected, according to a Briefing.com tally . It was also well below the recent pace of job growth, which had averaged more than 200,000 jobs per month so far this year.
The unemployment rate dipped to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent in July, matching the lowest rate in nearly six years. But that was mainly due to the fact that 64,000 people gave up looking for work, taking themselves out of the ranks of the officially unemployed.
"These numbers should give us pause," Elise Gould, an economist at the Economic Policy Institute, a think tank focused on labor issues, wrote in a blog post .
Given other signs of strength in the economy, many economists rushed to dismiss the numbers. New claims for unemployment benefits have been low, and hiring surveys have painted rosier pictures of the job market.
"I don't believe it, I don't believe this data," Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics, told CNBC . "It's not consistent with anything."
It is certainly dangerous to read too much into one month's jobs report. There's a wide margin of error -- the payroll number could be off by plus or minus 90,000 jobs -- and these numbers will be revised repeatedly in the months to come. For whatever reason, August is a month that is unusually prone to big upward revisions, according to Jim O'Sullivan, chief U.S. economist at High Frequency Economics in Valhalla, N.Y.
Still, we have seen enough grim jobs reports in this recovery that another weak one shouldn't come as much of a shock.
The disappearance of workers from the labor force, in particular, has been a troubling feature of the job market for a long time. Here's a chart from FiveThirtyEight's Ben Casselman that shows how, for several months in a row, many more unemployed workers have given up than have found jobs:
For the 49th time in the past 50 months, more unemployed workers dropped out of the labor force than found jobs. pic.twitter.com/gV2OD8XkVj
— Ben Casselman (@bencasselman) September 5, 2014
Long-term unemployment is still depressingly high, as this chart from Quartz's Matt Phillips shows:
Long-term unemployment is falling fast, but still incredibly elevated…Data back to 1948. pic.twitter.com/DgPtGKZbGM
— Matt Phillips (@MatthewPhillips) September 5, 2014
If there was any bright spot to this report, it was that average hourly earnings for all workers rose by 0.6 percent in August. But earnings are up just 2.1 percent in the past year, barely keeping up with inflation. That's another feature of this recovery: Even as corporate profits have skyrocketed to record highs, wages have been flat .
More:

Teen Weed Users May Face High Risk For DependenceMarijuana Study Raises New Concerns About Pot Addiction In Teens
Posted:
reddit
Teens who use marijuana may face high risk of dependence, new study suggests.
Marijuana may be gaining acceptance around the nation, but that doesn't mean medical research has stopped raising questions about its safety.
Case in point: a new study on teens that suggests marijuana dependence may be a bigger problem than many people realize.
For the small-scale study, researchers evaluated 127 teenagers being treated at an outpatient substance use disorder clinic in Boston.
The study showed that of the 90 teens who cited marijuana as the substance they used most frequently, 76 met criteria for cannabis dependence --including increased tolerance of cannabis and unsuccessful efforts to cut back or stop using despite medical or psychological problems exacerbated by cannabis, according to a written statement issued by Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston. And 36 of the 90 experienced anxiety, irritability, depression, or other symptoms considered hallmarks of drug dependence.
"Our results are timely given the changing attitudes and perceptions of risk related to cannabis use in the U.S.," Dr. John Kelly, associate professor of psychiatry in addiction medicine at Harvard Medical School and the study's senior author, said in the statement. "As more people are able to obtain and consume cannabis legally for medical and, in some states, recreational use, people are less likely to perceive it as addictive or harmful. But research shows that cannabis use can have significant consequences, and we know that among adolescents it is second only to alcohol in rates of misuse.”
But "context is necessary" when discussing marijuana dependence, Paul Armentano, deputy director of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws (NORML), told Yahoo Health. He said that cannabis is far less addictive than either alcohol or tobacco --and that symptoms of marijuana withdrawal tend to be shorter-lived.
And as Dr. Asaf Keller, a professor in the department of anatomy & neurobiology at the University of Maryland School of Medicine, told The Huffington Post in an email, the withdrawal symptoms reported by the teens in this study were mild.
"They are nothing like the symptoms associated with 'heavier' drugs," he said. "I am concerned about the use of the generic term, withdrawal, in this context, as it raises unwarranted concern."
Of course, many are convinced that marijuana can be used to treat a range of maladies, including childhood epilepsy and certain forms of cancer .
But Kelly's concern was echoed by Dr. Matthew J. Smith, research assistant professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine in Chicago and a noted authority on the medical aspects of marijuana.
"The belief that cannabis is not addictive is quite inaccurate as thousands of individuals become addicted to cannabis," he told The Huffington Post in an email. "I think the message to teens and families is that research suggests that cannabis abuse or dependence (or even recreational use) during adolescence may be detrimental to brain development as well as produce physical withdrawal symptoms."
According to the National Institute on Drug Abuse, about 9 percent of all marijuana users become "addicted." The percentage rises to about 17 percent in those who start using marijuana at an early age, according to the institute, and reaches up to 50 percent for people who use marijuana on a daily basis.
What's next for America's continuing conversation about marijuana?
Kelly called for additional research to assess the public's changing attitudes toward marijuana and to reduce misconceptions about it, saying in the statement that the research could help "predict whether increased education and awareness could help reduce the onset of, and harm caused by, cannabis use disorders.”
The study was published online by the Journal of Addiction Medicine.
Also on HuffPost:

Exceptions apart  Internet should not be censored‘Exceptions apart, Internet should not be censored’
S RONENDRA SINGH
Ravi Shankar Prasad, Union Minister of Communications and Information Technology.
New Delhi, September 7:  
The Ministry of Communication and Information Technology is one of the key stakeholders in the Narendra Modi Government’s efforts to boost manufacturing in India. It is also the nodal ministry for the ambitious ‘Digital India’ plan aimed at enabling citizen services through the Internet. But these projects need large funding and, in a bid to attract foreign investors, Communication and IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad plans to undertake roadshows in foreign countries this week. Prasad, also the Minister of Law and Justice, in conversation with BusinessLine, shared his thoughts on many issues, including digital India and Internet censorship.
Edited excerpts:
Section 66 of the IT Act has been criticised. Do you think this Government has a different take on this issue?
I am very clear that the Internet should not be censored. But, don’t forget one thing, even ‘freedom of speech’ under the Constitution is subject to reasonable restrictions.
This happened even before the IT Act came into being. If you speak to incite violence or destroy public order, then reasonable restrictions can be imposed. Therefore, only in extreme cases, where the Internet medium is used to incite violence and communal hatred, censorship can be contemplated, but with appropriate safeguards and approval at the higher level. This is how one should work it out. But I am against an abuse of Section 66.
Are you looking at any sort of amendments or inclusion of clauses, so that it reassures the people?
Constitutional assurance is already there. Section 66 cannot transcend the freedom of speech enjoyed under fundamental rights 19(1)(A), which also includes freedom of the Press — expression and press both. But let us not forget many terrorist organisations have used this technology to foment terror.
The Government is asking intermediaries such as Facebook and Google to play a larger role by setting up servers or by monitoring their platforms. Can this be handled better?
The legal and technical frameworks have to go hand-in-hand. Suppose some separatist/ extremist/ terrorist agencies are creating trouble by using a technological platform, the Government has to know the source. This should be done quickly. I know in the US there is a framework in their Patriot’s Act — every service provider has to provide information from whichever part of the world they are dealing with — if information is sought in the interest of national security.
Here, that is not the case. If there is a case where a particular body or individual, motivated by hatred against India or by terrorist/separatist tendencies, is abusing the technological platform, the Government must have the access to that information, to stop the entities concerned from creating further hatred.
That is all I am saying. Therefore, certain elements of caution have to be there.
Recently, the Prime Minister appointed a committee to repeal outdated laws. Can you give us some examples in one or two cases?
Recently, I introduced in Parliament the Bill that repeals some of the laws. There was a Jain Committee report and in the next session of Parliament I propose to bring about a couple of 100 more laws to be repealed. The Prime Minister has appointed a Committee and the Law Commission is also looking into it. The PM’s take is very clear — let an impression not go out that India is only a law-manufacturing country. Laws that are archived and old must be scrapped. That’s what we are going about.
(This article was published on September 7, 2014)

Join the platinum circleTweet
Ufuk ZIVANA/shutterstock.com Pick-up in global economy augurs well for the metal.
Precious and rare: Platinum is 30 times as rare as gold, and for the last 20 years, traded at a 50 per cent premium to the yellow metal
Supply shortages in 2014, the largest in three decades.
A ring, band, coin or ETF — the white metal can add glitter to your portfolio in any form you choose to invest
Do you know what South Africa’s biggest fund is betting on today? Not gold, South Africa’s most famous export, but platinum. Public Investment Corporation (PIC), which manages about $150 billion of South African pension money, is betting big on platinum producers.
A recent Bloomberg interview quoted Daniel Matjila, the fund’s Chief Investment Officer, as saying, “We like industrial metals, not those about sentiment.”
Before the financial crisis, platinum enjoyed its place in the sun. It traded at prices that were twice the levels of gold. But as fear overran the market during the credit crisis, between 2008 and 2011, gold moved back to the limelight, while platinum retreated.
But now platinum, the world’s rarest precious metal, is trying to re-claim its rightful place. The truth is that the white metal today offers a good investment opportunity for the long term.
It is at a premium of just 10 per cent to gold, an opportunity not to be missed. In whatever form — be it as a ring, band, coin or ETF, platinum can add glitter to your portfolio.
The gold-platinum race
Platinum is 30 times as rare as gold and for the last 20 years, its prices hovered at an average 50 per cent premium over gold. But, when the world economy slipped into recession during the crisis, platinum, which derives half its demand from industrial users, took a nasty tumble. Its price dropped almost 60 per cent in 2008.
Safe haven buyers dumped platinum as it had a large share of demand from the auto sector, which was still in the grip of a slowdown.
For over a year between September 2011 and January 2013, the white metal could be consistently bought at prices that were quite unusually lower than gold.
But platinum has made a comeback. The metal recorded a return of 5 per cent since mid-2013 to now, while gold crawled up by 2.8 per cent. Platinum’s recent re-emergence is backed by hard fundamentals. Demand has grown at an annual rate of 5 per cent since 2009 and the years ahead should be better, given that global economy is on the mend.
Auto market revs up demand
The automobile industry alone accounts for 36 per cent of the total annual demand for platinum. With the new emission rules in Europe coming into effect in September, the second half of 2014 may see accelerated demand for the white metal.
Auto catalyst demand for platinum last touched a peak of 4.14 million ounces in 2007 and experts are of the view that demand could again regain those levels. Last year, demand from this category was about 3.11 million ounces.
The other users of platinum, including chemicals, glass and electrical goods (computer hard drives) manufacturers who account for a fifth of the metal’s total demand are also expected to do better this year. What about the classy understated platinum jewellery? Jewellery makes up about a third of the total demand for platinum.
Demand for platinum jewellery has grown 6 per cent annually in the last five years, led largely by the Chinese affluent.
Jewellery and China factor
In fact, the Chinese propensity for platinum baubles equals the Indian one for gold jewellery. China is the largest market for platinum jewellery, buying up about 70 per cent of the jewellery made in the world.
With growing disposable incomes, China’s demand for jewellery is only set to increase, says ETF Securities, a UK-based provider of exchange-traded funds.
Scrounging for supplies
In India, with Bollywood stars adding glitz to brands, more in the elite club prefer platinum jewellery. But be aware that platinum jewellery has higher making charges compared to gold.
While demand is alive and kicking, supply shortages in platinum in 2014 are likely to be the largest in three decades. Johnson Matthey, one of the world’s largest auto catalyst makers, has put the 2014 platinum deficit at 1.22 million ounces, higher than the 0.94 million ounces seen in 2013. This will be not just due to higher demand, but also due to drop in supplies.
South Africa, accounting for two-thirds of global supply, saw workers at three of its big mines go on strike in January. The strike ended only in June resulting in an estimated loss of 0.9 million ounces of output.
Analysts say that in the next three months, as the mines ramp up slowly, another 300,000 ounces will be lost. Supplies from Russia (14 per cent of global output) are likely to drop further this year with restrictions on trade with the country. In 2013, mine output of platinum increased by a marginal 1.5 per cent after a 13 per cent drop in 2012.
Smart money gets in
Rising demand and tightening supply mean just one thing — rising prices.
That’s probably why 9 per cent of all platinum bought in 2013 was for pure investment. If returns are looking up, can smart money be far behind?
The assets of platinum-backed exchange-traded funds (ETFs), vehicles for institutions and high net worth investors, have been increasing in the last one year even as the holdings of gold ETFs shrunk by 14 per cent.
All platinum-backed ETFs together hold about 78.35 tonnes of the white metal now (data from Bloomberg) -- up 25 per cent from last year.
If you’re an Indian investor, the domestic avenues to buy platinum are limited. You can buy it in coin/bar form from a jeweller. But now that you’re allowed to remit up to $1,25,000 a year overseas, you can also look at platinum ETFs listed on the Nasdaq or the JSE (the African stock exchange).
American Eagle platinum coins from the US Mint are a straightforward option too. South Africa-based NewPlat ETF and London-based ETF Securities Physical Platinum Shares are the two largest platinum ETFs.
The other option is also to invest in companies engaged in platinum mining. But that’s certainly a trickier route than bars, coins or ETFs.
(This article was published on September 7, 2014)

JSW buysWelspunMax Steel asset for Rs 1 000crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
JSW buys Welspun Max Steel asset for Rs 1,000 cr
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Aug 18:  
JSW Steel has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Welspun Max Steel (WMSL) asset for Rs 1,000 crore.
WMSL has an installed capacity of 0.9 MTPA gas-based direct reduced iron (also known as sponge iron) plant, with a captive jetty and a captive railway siding. The pellet plant is located at Salav village in Raigaddistrict, Maharashtra. Captive jetty has capacity of 2.5 mtpa which is located at 1.8 km from the plant, while the captive railway siding is located at Roha junction on national Konkan Railway, 35 km from the DRI plant. It also has surplus land of about 480 acres, available for future expansions.
JSW has entered into an agreement with Welspun Enterprises to acquire the entire equity shares held by it in WMSL for an enterprise value of Rs 1000 crore as of an agreed date of August 13, subject to the relevant regulatory approvals, said JSW Steel in a press release on Monday.
JSW Steel an installed capacity of 14.3 mtpa. WMSL is situated within 40 kms from JSW’s Dolvi unit, offering complimentary infrastructure and location to augment the current envisaged expansions at Dolvi.
Seshagiri Rao, Joint MD & Group CFO said, the acquisition is value accretive to JSW Steel due to synergies in supplying surplus pellets to Welspun MaxSteel and use of direct reduced iron from WMSL in company’s steel-making operations at the 5 mtpa Dolvi plant.
JSW has surplus pellets in its subsidiary Amba River Coke which it intents to supply to WMSL and bring down its cost of production.
(This article was published on August 18, 2014)
Related

India to fight US against duty on 8 more itemsIndia to fight US against duty on 8 more items
Amiti Sen
REUTERS Appeal Centre has filed a dispute against the US at the WTO for imposing steep anti-subsidy duties.
Move follows WTO’s favourable ruling in steel dispute
New Delhi, September 7:  
Encouraged by the World Trade Organisation’s favourable ruling in its steel dispute against the US, India is bracing for some more fight with the country at the multilateral forum to get similar tariff barriers imposed on other products removed.
The Commerce Ministry has identified eight items on which the US has imposed duties similar to the ones that have been proclaimed illegal by the WTO’s dispute settlement panel in the steel dispute. The items include lined paper products, certain carbon quality steel plate, certain hot-rolled carbon steel flat products, PET film, commodity matchbooks, steel wire strand, carbazole violet pigment and suflanilic acid.
“Going by the same judgment, the anti-subsidy duties on these eight items are also illegal and should be removed,” a Commerce Ministry official told BusinessLine.
New Delhi, however, has to wait for some time before filing the new cases as the US has challenged the ruling of the dispute panel. “We have to wait to see whether the WTO dismisses the challenge before we act further,” the official said. India had filed a dispute against the US for imposing steep anti-subsidy duties (called countervailing duties) on hot-rolled steel products from India, which it said were invalid. The dispute settlement panel, in its ruling, upheld a number of arguments made by India on the illegitimate way in which the US calculated the countervailing duties, including the way it estimated injury suffered by its domestic industry.
Incompatible
The WTO ruling in favour of India in the steel dispute states that the US law that allows clubbing of injury to domestic industry arising from subsidised imports with injury arising from non-subsidised imports is not compatible with the WTO rules.
This means that while determining penal duties on subsidised imports, the US should restrict itself to the damage suffered by its domestic industry in lieu of the subsidised imports. It should not take into account the injury inflicted by import of the same products from other countries, which may be cheap but not subsidised.
“This is the first time that the WTO has clearly spelt out that cumulation of non-subsidised imports with subsidised imports should not be allowed, while determining injury in a countervailing duty investigation. Using the same judgment, we could force the US to bring down penal duties on other products,” the official said.
The Commerce Ministry has also identified items that face penal duties, based on similar calculations, in the EU, Canada, Brazil, South Africa and Mexico.
(This article was published on September 7, 2014)

Stock markets to track Supreme Court coal hearing  eco data this weekAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Tax inversion makes a tempting M&A betSeptember 8, 2014 8:24 am
Tax inversion makes a tempting M&A bet
By Stephen Foley
Proposed legislation is not slowing the tide of US ‘tax deserters’
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a496e498-352c-11e4-a2c2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Denim returns to rule fashion chartsStory
Do the denim
Versatile, trendy and comfortable, denim continues to rule the fashion charts. go ahead, shake off the blues and break a few rules to wear it like never before.
Saurav Bhanot        Edition: Sep 14, 2014
Photography: Shivangi Kulkarni; Styling: Mia Kulkarni; Art Direction: Chirag M Samal
Ever since James Dean turned Rebel Without a Cause, denim has established its position in the wardrobe of every man worth his salt. It's a staple that finds favour with all men, and happens to be the go-to outfit when in doubt. Rugged yet comfortable, basic yet stylish, there's something about a great pair of jeans that works its magic like no other. Whatever the occasion, there's always a great pair of jeans that's flattering. Team it with a crisp white shirt, and you are up there looking like a million dollars. Or, at least, that's what all the ladies say.
This hooded sleeveless denim jacket from Zara is a great option for the summer
While the good news is that denim has come a long way from the 'blue jeans' phase, making things look even better is the fact that you don't have to restrict it to lowers. Denim is one of the most versatile fabrics in vogue today, and everybody - from high-street brands to the top designers - is embracing it. Yes, jeans are still fashionable, but you would be missing out on half the revolution if you skipped the rest. From shirts to waistcoats, jackets to caps and even shoes, there's nothing denim can't do. Here's how to take your love for the manliest of fabrics a few notches higher!
THE OPTIONS
Diesel's Jogg Jeans are both comfortable and stylish
There's obviously the classic pair of jeans. How you like them - regular or slim fit, acid-washed, stone-washed or distressed, in different colours or classic blue and black, high-rise or low-rise, ripped or shredded - is totally your call. What you must keep in mind, however, is the fit. As jeans tend to become second skin for most of us, they should be just as comfortable as they are trendy.
For those who find summer a little too hot for denims, there's always the option of denim shorts. And you don't always have to buy them, either. "Brands have been showcasing shorts for quite a while, but most people resent paying for something they can get with just a pair of scissors and an old pair of jeans," says Julie Woodhead, Buying Director at The Collective, a multi-brand store that features creations from Hackett, Armani Collezioni, D Squared and Versace, among others.
This leather bag from Guess is a must-have accessory.
The denim shirt, on the other hand, is one garment that you just can't ignore. It's been all the rage for over two seasons now, and from the looks of it, it isn't going anywhere anytime soon. It works fabulously well with not just your favourite pair of jeans but also those linen trousers and chinos. "At GAS, the denim shirt is an iconic piece that best expresses the brand's mission and essence. The denim shirt is contemporary in style but transcends across looks," says Barbara Grotto, Head of Communications, GAS. You can take it from a day out at the movies to an evening of partying with mates, looking like a million bucks through it all. Or you can wear it to a brunch or a semi-formal dinner; versatility is the denim shirt's forte.
Diesel's high-top denim shoes are worth the buy
For those aiming at a biker chic avatar, the denim jacket is the perfect alternative to a leather one. It is part-rebellious and part-free spirited, and a great option for those looking at manning up their look. You can choose a lighter fabric for your jacket for summer months, and opt for a thicker one to keep you warm during the winter. And then there are denim waistcoats that can be teamed with plain shirts and are perfect for a stylish night out.
Denim caps and shoes from brands like Tommy Hilfiger, Diesel and Zara have also become immensely popular. Go one step ahead and get a denim bag or wallet; both are bang-on trendy right now!
THE TRENDS
Leg it
When in doubt, go for the Kant shirt from GAS
Your beloved jeans aren't the same anymore - they've only gotten better. The fabric is lighter, the fit is slimmer, and the look is varied. Ripped or shredded jeans have made a big comeback, and a new trend to have set in is patchwork jeans. Small patches of lighter fabric over dark jeans or vice versa give an interesting spin to your basic blue jeans. If you are a big fan of track pants, give track jeans a shot. These come with a ruche hem similar to that of tracks, and are ideal for a sporty look. Also, there are jeans with the fit and design of active wear, combined with the fabric of denim. Pioneering in this style, Diesel calls them Jogg Jeans. Diesel also has a drop crotch style that provides more stretch and comfort. "Crafted in a unique fabric that weaves together the style of denim with the durability of jersey, Jogg jeans put the brand's durability into motion," says Nicola Formichetti, Artistic Director at Diesel. Internationally, denim trousers are also on the rise. This trend, however, is still a few seasons away from taking over the Indian market.
Brands to check out: Diesel, Guess, Calvin Klein
BT More recommends: Jogg Jeans from Diesel are high on both comfort and style!
Shirt up
The Oklahoma Jacket from GAS is a classic that isn't going out of style anytime soon
When wearing a denim shirt, make sure you get one in a light shade with soft fabric. You can experiment with its wash or opt for one with prints or embellishments. The more worn-in it looks, the trendier you will appear!
Brands to check out: Zara, Tommy Hilfiger, GAS
BT More recommends: The Kant style from GAS merges classic with contemporary with great effect
Jacket of all trades
No summer look will ever be complete without this Asos denim cap!
Denim jackets also come in various washes and styles. "The Oklahoma jacket has been a GAS classic, and this season, it's been revived in an edgier fashion ," says Grotto. You can try one in a darker shade for a grunge look, but the latest trends also have jackets that combine denim with wool, linen and camouflage print. The camouflage one is an especially great pick because it combines denim with an equally popular trend. Denim waistcoats come in a light fabric, and range from grey, off-white to blue, giving you enough options to work around.
Brands to check out: Levi's, Asos, River Island
BT More recommends: Log on to Asos and make way for the coolest denim jackets in town
Easy access
River Island's denim cardigan jacket is a great mix of two fabrics
Denim shoes in dyed indigo are quite the rage everywhere. From sporty to funky, there's a lot of playing around you can do with these. While these aren't everyday wear, they look stunning when teamed up with white linen trousers. Denim caps and beanies further help bring out your playful side. A word of caution, though - don't try accommodating both your cap and shoes in the same look!
Brands to check out: Diesel, Armani Jeans
BT More recommends: Diesel brings out a great line of denim accessories. While picking shoes, make sure you get high-tops!
THE LOOK
mosimageDenim-on-denim isn't everyone's cup of tea, and quite naturally so. If you're planning to do a tone-on-tone version of this, we suggest that you reconsider. The first rule of going all-out denim is to make sure that you have different colours and tones in place. Your shirt and jeans cannot be of the same tone, no matter what. Wearing a denim jacket is best avoided if you are going denim-on-denim, but if you really must, make sure it is a tone lighter or darker than your jeans. "Never have more than two denim items in your look. It is overkill," warns Woodhead.
So, now that you know the rules, go all out with your love for denim, experiment and let your fun side take over. It is one of the trendiest fabrics in style right now, and if worn well, can take you to fashion nirvana !

Bharat Forge Sells 50% Stake in Impact Automotive SolutionsYou are here: Home Corporates
Bharat Forge Sells 50 Per Cent Stake in Impact Automotive Solutions
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 08, 2014 14:42 (IST)
New Delhi: Auto components firm Bharat Forge has sold a 50 per cent stake in its joint venture company Impact Automotive Solutions Ltd for Rs 10.80 crore.
 
"The company has divested its 50 per cent stake in Impact Automotive Solutions Ltd," Bharat Forge said in a filing to the BSE on Monday.
 
The JV, with KPIT Technologies, was formed in 2010 to manufacture hybrid solutions for automobiles.
 
"The stake was sold by the company to the other JV partner KPIT Technologies for Rs 10.80 crore against an initial investment of Rs 14.91 crore," it added.
 
Under terms of the JV, KPIT licensed the technology to the JV, while Bharat Forge brought in essential manufacturing know-how, assembly capabilities and integration expertise.
 
As of 2:10 p.m., shares in Bharat Forge were trading at Rs 860.00 apiece on the BSE, up 0.19 per cent from the previous close. 
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 14:35 (IST)

Navy joins flood rescue mission in J&KSRINAGAR/NEW DELHI, September 8, 2014
Updated: September 9, 2014 07:44 IST
J&K rescue efforts in full swing
Zahid Rafiq
Tweet
PTI An aerial view of inundated areas of Srinagar city, including Badamibagh Army cantonment, on Monday.
Reuters A flood-affected girl walks amidst the debris of a residential house which was damaged by floods on the banks of the river Tawi in Jammu on Monday.
AP An aerial view shows a damaged bridge across the River Tawi at Mandal village on the outskirts of Jammu on Monday.
SLIDESHOW
flood
Naval commandos join 20, 000 Army personnel
With rain keeping away on Monday, rescue operations in flood-ravaged Jammu and Kashmir were stepped up to evacuate thousands of people still stranded without any amenities.
For the first time, Naval commandos joined the nearly 20,000 armed forces personnel in the rescue mission even as the death toll inched up to 200. Despite the better weather, the flood situation remained critical in Kashmir because of the swirling waters of the Jhelum and the overflowing Dal Lake in Srinagar. The situation in Jammu, however, improved a little. The miseries of the people in south Kashmir and Srinagar were compounded by the scarcity of food, drinking water, clothes and medicines.
Telecommunication lines remained disrupted even as the Centre rushed in a team of officials to help restore communication links.
“All our facilities in Srinagar are submerged, but we as well as private operators have sent a team of officials there to start work on restoring the network,” Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said. Defence officials said nearly 23,000 people have been evacuated so far, including 2,000 from Srinagar city and its neighbouring areas.

Bharti Airtel s sale of towers to help reduce debtBharti Airtel's sale of towers to help reduce debt
Venkatasubramanian K
Bharti would sell 3,500 towers in six countries to Eaton and then lease it back from it.
September 8, 2014:  
Bharti Airtel’s move to sell and lease back towers to Eaton Towers is yet another step to reduce its debt burden. The company has been shedding stakes in tower businesses domestically as well as in its overseas operations.
Bharti would sell 3,500 towers in six countries to Eaton and then lease it back from it. Though the value of the deal is not specified, speculative reports peg the deal at $800 million to $1 billion.
This inflow would help ease some of Bharti Airtel’s debt burden of Rs 57,744 crore as of June 2014. Of course, the company enjoys an excellent interest coverage ratio of 8.5 times.
The company would now need to pay rentals to Eaton for using the tower facilities, which would involve regular payouts. Last month, Bharti had sold 4.5 per cent stake in its tower arm, Bharti Infratel, to raise Rs 2140 crore.
Clearly, the company is well on the path of debt reduction strategy, which augurs well for its long-term growth. The stock has rallied well over the past couple of months to over Rs 400 levels on the back of improving business metrics and its debt lightening measures.
The stock does trade at a stiff 50 times trailing one-year earnings, much ahead of peers in the space.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Appliance makers get bigger  go globalElectrolux, GE Deal Marks Industry Consolidation
Appliance companies are getting bigger and going global.
Keith Barry
September 08, 2014
Electrolux's purchase of GE's home appliance division marks a major shift towards consolidation in the home appliance market, both in the U.S. and worldwide.
The deal closed this morning for $3.3 billion—$800 million more than was originally anticipated—and is expected to pass regulatory approval. In addition to potential job cuts, it could send ripple effects throughout the home appliance industry, as Electrolux uses the GE brand to bolster its product offerings and access to new markets and sales channels.
The deal closed this morning for $3.3 billion—$800 million more than was originally anticipated.
Currently, Electrolux and GE are the second and third largest appliance manufacturers in the U.S. by market share, respectively. Even combined, it's likely they would remain smaller than industry leader Whirlpool, and they still face threats from fast-growing Korean brands Samsung and LG.
However, a single entity would be better positioned to fight competitors, especially in a dynamic, worldwide marketplace.
"The appliance industry is a large, growing global business that's not overly capital intensive," Electrolux President and CEO Keith McLoughlin said in a press conference this morning. "However, it is competitively intense."
The combined company harnesses three well-known brands: Electrolux, Frigidaire, and GE.
The combined company harnesses three well-known brands: Electrolux, Frigidaire, and GE. In this morning's press conference, McLoughlin highlighted the strengths of each brand—including the fact that GE is the strongest home appliance brand for consumer consideration.
According to Dinesh Kithany, senior analyst for home appliances at IHS, it will be key for Electrolux to keep the brand values that GE Appliance is best known for.
"The most important element of this deal would be how the licensing agreement would be signed off because, knowing GE, they're very particular about the brand, the company, the employees, and also the consumers," he said.
Electrolux is certainly keeping the brand itself, and repositioning it amidst its own.
"There's now a good architecture and portfolio of brands that would allow us to serve the whole market," McLoughlin told Reviewed.com in an interview .
McLoughlin said that GE's budget brand Hotpoint will be targeted at the opening price point, and Frigidaire will be positioned as the volume seller. GE's brands will sit above Frigidaire but below Electrolux's own brand, which will be the combined company's flagship.
Though the global appliance market is growing—up 4.8 percent from 2013—individual markets continue to recover from the global financial crisis at different paces. That means its also becoming more difficult for manufacturers to compete in a single geographic location. Kithany says it makes sense for manufacturers to consolidate in order to steel themselves against market fluctuations.
Electrolux has been diversifying globally—a strategy similar to Whirlpool, whose recent acquisition of Indesit gives it an even greater presence in Europe.
Including its 48.8 percent stake in Mabe, a Mexican appliance manufacturer which also has a strong presence in Canada, GE Appliances currently has a minimal presence outside of North America. That ties the company's fortunes to consumer demand on a single continent. Electrolux has been diversifying globally, with growing operations in Europe and South America—a strategy similar to Whirlpool, whose recent acquisition of Indesit gives it an even greater presence in Europe.
Purchasing GE helps Electrolux diversify even further in the U.S. For as large as Electrolux is worldwide, and as much overlap as there is between the two companies—including manufacturing and product development—GE dominates in a few key areas where Electrolux struggles.
For instance, high-efficiency top load laundry is where the Frigidaire brand has minimal presence and Electrolux has entirely failed to compete. McLoughlin highlighted the category in the press conference, along with GE's strong position in upscale freestanding and built-in refrigeration.
Additionally, GE is a major player in the U.S. builder market. As housing starts increase, so do builder home appliance sales. GE also has a large sales presence at Home Depot, with lots of floor space to sell its product, while Electrolux floors a lot fewer products there. Electrolux does make many products for Sears' in-house brand Kenmore, but Sears' slipping sales make deals with other retailers more attractive.
GE and Electrolux also compete for a large portion of the market of cooking appliances, but Kithany doesn't see that as a problem. In fact, the two companies seem like a strategic fit when it comes to product as well.
"I think there is a good synergy that could happen in this case. I would say that large cooking appliance is seeing a growth in the home appliance market," he said. "Capacity from GE appliances would help Electrolux."
The combined company is expected to save $300 million annually.
Indeed, in this morning's press conference, Electrolux stressed how the companies complement each other, and seemed to be positioning GE as a mid-tier to mass-premium brand—above Frigidaire but below Electrolux. There could be room for all three brands in the market, as long as all three are positioned separately and marketed appropriately to consumers.
Additionally, Electrolux benefits from GE's recent $1 billion investment in its products, factories, and R&D. GE has a strong logistics and service presence, too, which would help the two companies streamline operations.
The combined company is expected to save $300 million annually by combining sourcing, logistics, and brands.
Reviewed.com In Your Inbox

What does the sale mean for GE jobsTested by Experts
What Will the Sale of GE Appliance Mean for Jobs?
The impact on employment may not be known for quite some time, as deal moves into the hands of regulators
September 08, 2014
This article has been updated with new information.
The acquisition of GE’s appliance business by Swedish-based Electrolux AB represents the end of an era for the storied, all-American brand. It also leaves workers on both sides wondering what will happen to their jobs.
At this stage, all parties have clearly stated that the impact on jobs is not known and no cuts have been announced. The companies are thus far promoting the additive nature of combing the brands rather than job efficiencies.
Any word on jobs won’t come until regulators have had a chance to look at the deal and make recommendations on what should be done with the various holdings.
“We will work closely with our regulators,” stated an Electrolux spokesperson, “and we expect to receive approval in 2015.” The company also confirmed that they are filing the regulatory paperwork in the right jurisdictions so they can begin the process.
While nothing is certain about the future of the workforce at this time, there are overlaps between the two companies, and those are likely to be scrutinized for efficiency gains. Electrolux’s presentation to investors cited run-rate synergies of $300 million, primarily derived from sourcing and operations. Importantly, the company did not specify any synergies related to job cuts.
At this stage, all parties have clearly stated that the impact on jobs is not known.
Both companies currently operate individual headquarters. However, the Charlotte Observer reports that the combined company headquarters will be based in Charlotte.
“Charlotte is the headquarters and will be the headquarters,” stated says Electrolux President and CEO Keith McLoughlin.
Based on the presentation to investors, Electrolux considers GE’s Appliance Park in Louisville, Kentucky to be a valuable asset. As such, it could become a manufacturing and logistics hub for Electrolux’s North American operations.
“We look forward to joining forces with their team of talented and competent people,” says Electrolux President and CEO Keith McLoughlin.
Later in the presentation, however, Electrolux references an “optimized manufacturing footprint,” which implies that the company may take a look at possible overlap in its factory holdings.
GE Appliance employs about 12,000 workers, half of which are located at GE’s historic, 900-acre Appliance Park in Kentucky. Other major factories are in LaFayette, Georgia and Bloomington, Indiana. But notably, some of those factories are state of the art: After failing to sell in 2008, GE invested over $1 billion into its appliance business, replacing aging equipment and training employees in new technology. Most of Electrolux’s research and development is done in Europe, while GE’s is mostly done on site at Appliance Park.
“GE Appliances is a well-run operation with strong capabilities in key areas such as R&D, engineering, supply chain, and customer service, and we look forward to joining forces with their team of talented and competent people,” says McLoughlin.
GE's Appliance Park in 1963.  (Photo Credit: GE)
A modernized American factory and workforce are likely part of what made GE an attractive acquisition. Electrolux just opened its own brand-new oven factory in Memphis, Tennessee and operates other facilities in Anderson, South Carolina and St. Cloud, Minnesota.
While GE’s labor force is unionized and Electrolux’s is not, an industry insider not authorized to speak on record stated that this is unlikely to have a significant impact, as each company’s labor and production costs are similar.
With the GE appliance brands under its umbrella, Electrolux will rival Whirlpool Corp. as the largest appliance seller in the U.S.
Electrolux has just bought its way into a new revenue channel.
A significant part of GE’s value lies in its infrastructure and distribution network, which the company has honed throughout a century of domestic growth. Also, GE’s reach into the U.S. builder market far outstrips that of Electrolux. With new construction on the rise, Electrolux has just bought its way into a new revenue channel.
This was no fire sale, however. According to Dinesh Kithany, senior analyst of home appliances at research firm HIS, GE took its time to find the best-fit buyer.
“Knowing GE, they are very particular about their brand,” Kithany states. “They need the consumers to be taken care of after this deal is signed in terms of warranties and all the after-sales service.”
Electrolux recorded approximately $15 billion in worldwide sales in 2013, with North American large appliance sales representing 29% of that total.
While GE has long marketed itself as the quintessential American brand, Electrolux has operated in the U.S. nearly as long.
Of Electrolux’s 61,000 global employees, over 18% are based in the US—more than three times its workforce in Sweden. While GE has long marketed itself as the quintessential American brand, Electrolux has operated in the U.S. nearly as long. As early as 1933, Electrolux was operating in Connecticut, where it manufactured vacuums and refrigerators.
Prior to today’s announcement, Electrolux’s biggest expansion into America came in 1986, when it acquired the manufacturing for White Consolidated Industries, which sold under the Frigidaire, Westinghouse, and Kelvinator brand names.
Today’s announcement will no doubt leave many workers waiting for further news from their future employer.
[Hero image credit: GE]

Jammu and Kashmir floods: People turn to Facebook  TwitterAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Twitter adds  Buy Now  button for immediate purchasesTwitter adds 'Buy Now' button for immediate purchases
Twitter
The Twitter Inc. logo. (Andrew Harrer / Bloomberg)
Tribune wire report
Twitter, Inc. Eminem
Burberry and Home Depot first to test Twitter's 'Buy Now' button
Twitter Inc is testing a “buy” button in some tweets that allows a mobile user to buy directly from a tweet.
A small percentage of U.S. users will be able to see the “buy” button from Monday, Twitter wrote in a blog post .
“Users will get access to offers and merchandise they can't get anywhere else and can act on them right in the Twitter apps for Android and iOS,” the company said.
Twitter's shares were up 3.2 percent at $52.33 in early trading.
Facebook Inc has also been testing a “buy” button on its website that will let consumers purchase products that are advertised on its network.
Twitter said an entire purchase could be completed in just a few taps of the smartphone screen.
Tapping on the “buy” button embedded in a tweet, the user will be prompted to enter shipping and payment information, which will be sent to the merchant for delivery.

WATCH: Fish Turns Sniper To Snag Distant Preyreddit
We've all heard the expression "as easy as shooting fish in a barrel." Well, if the barrel happens to be full of archerfish, they may be shooting back--and with a high degree of accuracy.
A new study shows that the sniper-like fish, which shoot their prey with jets of water squirted from their mouths, are capable of changing the force of their jets as they shoot for maximum efficiency.
It's the first time this ability has been observed in any animal, the scientists behind the study said in a written statement.
For the study, which was published in the Sept. 4 issue of the journal Current Biology , scientists trained archerfish to shoot at targets at various distances and then observed the action using slow-motion video.
(Story continues below.)
What exactly did the scientists find? The fish are uncannily accurate at hitting targets as far away as six-and-a-half feet--and they're able to give their jets extra oomph just at the moment of impact.
With water jets produced by human technology, the standard approach for increasing distance and force is to boost the pressure, Dr. Stefan Schuster, a biology professor at the University of Bayreuth Germany and the study's lead author, told the BBC. But, he said, archerfish "add nothing--they only shoot water, and they keep absolutely still during release of the jet, [which they shape] with the mouth opening diameter," adding that it's "not a simple maneuver."
Schuster said he believes the archerfish's unique shooting ability evolved in response to food scarcity.
"The predominant impression from our field work in Thailand over several years is that there is very little to actually shoot at, so it's important for the fish to be efficient," he said in the statement. "It pays to be able to powerfully hit prey over a wide range of distances."
WATCH the archerfish in action, above.
Also on HuffPost:

India wants China to set up manufacturing units in the country; create more jobsIndia wants China to set up manufacturing units in the country
PTI Sep 8, 2014, 06.50PM IST
Tags:
China
(Commerce and Industry Minister…)
NEW DELHI: India today asked China to invest in setting up manufacturing units in the country to bridge the widening trade deficit and create jobs in the country.
Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said India has signed an agreement with China in June to set up Chinese Industrial Parks in India.
"We are expecting Chinese to come and invest in India. We have been able to convince Chinese to manufacture those goods which they export...It is going to create more jobs in the country," Sitharaman told reporters here.
She also said that both India and China are expecting announcements during the forthcoming visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping to India this month.
"With regard to Chinese President visit, we are expecting a lot and they are also expecting a lot...hopefully there will be lots of announcements," she said.
In the last three months, Sitharaman has visited China twice and discussed various ways to enhance trade and investment between the countries.
The bilateral trade between the countries stood at $65.85 billion in 2013-14. The trade deficit was about $35 billion.
India has time and again sought greater market access for Indian goods and services in the Chinese market. India is asking China to open its market for Indian IT and Pharmaceuticals besides stepping up investments to compensate the trade deficit.
India is expecting China to set up four industrial parks in different states.
China has invested only $410 million during April 2000 and June 2014.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government puts the onus on Supreme Court to decide fate of 218 coal blocksGovernment puts the onus on Supreme Court to decide fate of 218 coal blocks
PTI Sep 8, 2014, 07.05PM IST
Tags:
Attorney General
(The affidavit filed by the…)
NEW DELHI: Government today left it to the Supreme Court to decide the fate of 218 coal blocks allocation held as illegal by it while stating that about 40 blocks are operational and another six are ready to produce 50 million tonnes coal in the current year.
The affidavit filed by the Ministry of Coal incorporated the statements made by the Attorney General Mukul Rohtagi on September 1 that the Centre has "no objection" to the cancellation of allocations declared as illegal by the apex court and was also not insisting on any particular course of action.
Giving details as directed by the Court about the 40 producing blocks and six likely to come under production during the year 2014-15, the affidavit said they "are estimated to produce about 50 million tonnes of Coal in the current year."
The ministry placed before it the gist of information about mining lease, commencement of production and linked End-Use Production (EUP) investment received from allocatees of these 40 productional coal mines and six on verge of production.
Out of 40 functional mines, two are allocated to an Ultra Mega Power Project (UMPP), which has not been declared as illegal by August 25 judgement, it said.
Further, the affidavit said the six coal blocks which are likely to come under production were determined by the Coal Controller's Organization (CCO), as they have received mine opening permission under Rule 9 of the Colliery Control Rules, 2004 (framed under MMDR ACT, 1957), which is the final step towards opening of the mines.
The ministry, which gave details of information of 15 lignite blocks received from the allocatees, also stated some of the hurdles it was facing as a result of the apex court judgement and sought suitable directions.
It said the numbers of allocatees have acquired title of the land in respect of coal blocks which were allocated and now are held as illegal and on re-allocation those previous allocatees be directed to "re-convey" the land to Central government.
"Upon cancellation of the coal block, the title of the land would still remain with the allocatee. In the event of subsequent grant of the coal block, it may not be possible for the grantee to obtain title of the land from the earlier owner," it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cipla in Tie-Up With UK s S&D PharmaBanks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
New Delhi:
Pharmaceutical firm Cipla today announced commercial collaboration with UK-based S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
In a BSE filing, Cipla said this collaboration will enable it to focus on its core therapy areas, while S&D Pharma will be the key partner for generics.
Under the collaboration, Cipla will be drive its respiratory product portfolio in both Czech Republic and Slovakia through a Cipla owned sales force team, managed by Cipla commercial head, the company said in a statement.
S&D Pharma will physically distribute all products, including respiratory products, and this portfolio will increase over the next few years, it added.
Commenting on the announcement, Cipla, Europe Head, Frank Pieters said: "We are excited to partner with S&D Pharma and believe that this collaboration will enable us to drive access in the Czech Republic and Slovakia across therapy areas in the coming years."
"Through this collaboration we have secured a competitive and varied product pipeline for the future and very much look forward to contributing to the future success of Cipla's respiratory range," S&D Pharma CEO Daniel Straus said.
The company said that in the near future, after regulatory approvals, the Salmeterol-Fluticasone fixed combination inhaler will be launched in both markets under the name Fullhale.
"With Fullhale we will offer in Czech Republic and Slovakia an alternative which is effective and efficient and therefore brings many advantages into a market which suffers from limited resources," Cipla added.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 16:55 (IST)

Chick-Fil-A Founder S. Truett Cathy Has DiedAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Take a seat. You may be able to reverse the damage to your health.Employees at Opower in Arlington, VA, have the option of using standing desks and even have a treadmill desk. (Dayna Smith/The Washington Post).
Sitting for eight or more hours a day can be deadly .
That fact has been hammered home in study after study showing the negative health effects -- including heart disease, poor circulation and joint pain -- associated with being parked on your behind for most of the day. The only sure way to prevent those problems, researchers have said, is to sit far less.
But there is growing evidence that there are ways to reverse the damage without necessarily committing to being on your feet for eight or more hours a day.
A new study  by researchers at Indiana University published in Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise suggests that the impaired blood flow in leg arteries can actually be reversed by breaking up your sitting regimen with five-minute walking breaks.
Sitting can cause blood to pool in the legs and prevent it from effectively flowing to the heart -- a precursor to cardiovascular problems. After just one hour of sitting, normal blood flow became impaired by as much as 50 percent, the study found.
But the men who walked for five minutes on a treadmill for each hour they sat didn't see that decline.
"American adults sit for approximately eight hours a day," Saurabh Thosar, the study's lead author, said in a statement. "The impairment in endothelial function is significant after just one hour of sitting. It is interesting to see that light physical activity can help in preventing this impairment."
The findings add to a growing body of evidence that all is not lost for people unwilling or unable to get on the standing desk train or those who can't do much about long commutes. It is also the first experimental evidence that moderate movement can promote healthy blood flow, in spite of sitting habits.
Participants in the study were otherwise healthy males between the ages of 20 and 35 who did not have any heath problems like obesity, heart disease, high blood pressure or diabetes.
"They were inactive people though; they did not exercise regularly,” Thosar said in an interview. “There is a risk that people who don’t exercise can start sitting more and more. That’s why we chose that population.”
Going to the gym isn't likely to reverse the damage caused by sitting all day ( one study found that six hours of sitting counteracted the positive health benefits of an hour of exercise). But several studies suggest that simply breaking up bouts of sitting with moderate exercise or movement can have a positive impact.
One study earlier this year found that breaking up prolonged sitting with light or moderate walking breaks reduced the blood pressure of a group of obese adults in a randomized trial. And yet another recent study found that breaking up sitting with light activity improved blood sugar levels, but breaking up sitting with bouts of standing did not.
Thosar's study did not investigate whether walking proved more effective than standing when it came to improving blood flow. But he suspects that walking prevented impaired blood flow in the legs because it requires active muscle movement.
"Walking definitely increases blood flow in the legs," added Thosar, who is now a researcher with Oregon Health & Science University. "If it's static and people are not moving, perhaps people are still not using their muscles as much as during walking."
(Disclaimer: The author of this story recently began using a standing desk, which raised eyebrows throughout The Washington Post newsroom .)
[This post has been updated.]
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national/health-science, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410202506/1410202506000/1410202506 tracking: {authors=Abby Phillip, blog_name=to-your-health, content_category=National/health-science, in_url_headline=take-a-seat-you-may-be-able-to-reverse-the-damage-to-your-health, post_id=4777, section={section=national/health-science, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 6:55:06 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 6:55:06 PM

Modi’s ‘expansionist’ remarks not aimed at China: SwarajPrint
Responding to a question on Modi's "expansionist" remarks, Swaraj said "he never referred to any specific country. It was media's guess. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 8:02 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 9:03 pm
India Monday said Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s recent “expansionist” remarks in Japan did not refer to China.
Ahead of Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to India, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said India wants China to “understand and appreciate” its “sensitivities” regarding Arunachal Pradesh as New Delhi respects Beijing’s position on Tibet and Taiwan.
“We have a very good relationship with China. I must articulate that our relationship is that of cooperation and competition. But when Prime Minister Modi met President Xi in Fortaleza (Brazil), they had very good equation. I think the outcome of this visit will be substantial and solid,” said the minister who was presenting a report card on 100 days in office.
Responding to a question on Modi’s “expansionist” remarks, Swaraj said “he never referred to any specific country. It was media’s guess. He spoke about 18th century expansionism.”
Modi’s remarks of an “expansionist” mindset of some countries riled the Chinese official media which said the Indian leader is more “intimate with Tokyo emotionally”.
Referring to a meeting with her Chinese counterpart Wang Yi who had come here in June, Swaraj said “when they raised with us the issue of Tibet and Taiwan, we shared their sensitivities. So, we also want that they should understand and appreciate our sensitivities regarding Arunachal.”
On criticism that Modi’s recent visits to Nepal and Japan have not yielded any concrete results, the minister rejected it saying the loan from Japan was in trillions and not in billions like in the past, which was a big achievement. She also referred to the Power Trade Agreement with Nepal.
Swaraj noted that Modi was emerging as a popular leader across the world which was both “eager and enthusiastic” to engage with the government in India.
When they raised with us the issue of Tibet and Taiwan, we shared their sensitivities. So, we also want that they should understand and appreciate our sensitivities regarding Arunachal.

History undermines Scotland No voteShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
History undermines Scotland No vote
Sep 8, 2014 : As the pro-independence Yes drive takes the poll lead ahead of next week’s Scotland referendum, FT political columnist Janan Ganesh tells James Blitz that structural change over the past 50 years is working against the pro-union campaign.

Government s proactive foreign policy with strong messages: SushmaGovernment s proactive foreign policy with strong messages: Sushma
Hertz shares jump as chief exitsAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Growth gaining momentum in India: OECDIndian economy continues to gain growth momentum: OECD
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 22:24 IST
India's economic growth continues to gain momentum while most major economies are seeing stable prospects, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) has said.
OECD is a grouping of 34 countries.
The readings are based on Composite Leading Indicators (CLIs), which indicate turning points in economic activity relative to trend, for the month of July.
"In India, growth continues to gain momentum while in China and Russia CLIs point to stabilisation of growth momentum. The CLI for Brazil suggests a tentative upward change in momentum," Paris-based think-tank OECD said in a statement.
India's CLI in July rose to 99 compared to 98.9 in June. The same has been improving since it stood at 98.5 in March.
The country's growth touched 5.7 per cent in April-June quarter , the highest in two-and-a-half years.
India's gross domestic product had expanded by 4.7 per cent in the April-June quarter of the last fiscal year that ended on March 31, 2014. In the January-March period (last quarter of 2013-14), it was 4.6 per cent.
The previous high of GDP growth rate was recorded at 6 per cent in the October-December quarter of 2011-12.
Meanwhile, the grouping noted that CLIs continue to signal a stable growth momentum in most major economies.
"The CLIs for the OECD area as a whole as well as for the United States, Canada and United Kingdom continue to point to stable growth momentum," the statement said.
In Germany the CLI continues to point to slowing momentum, whereas in Italy there are tentative signs of a loss of growth momentum. In the euro area as a whole and in France, the CLIs remain stable, it added.
"The CLI for Japan continues to indicate an interruption in growth momentum though this may be related to one-off factors."

OECD says growth gaining momentum in IndiaIndian economy continues to gain growth momentum: OECD
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 22:24 IST
India's economic growth continues to gain momentum while most major economies are seeing stable prospects, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) has said.
OECD is a grouping of 34 countries.
The readings are based on Composite Leading Indicators (CLIs), which indicate turning points in economic activity relative to trend, for the month of July.
"In India, growth continues to gain momentum while in China and Russia CLIs point to stabilisation of growth momentum. The CLI for Brazil suggests a tentative upward change in momentum," Paris-based think-tank OECD said in a statement.
India's CLI in July rose to 99 compared to 98.9 in June. The same has been improving since it stood at 98.5 in March.
The country's growth touched 5.7 per cent in April-June quarter , the highest in two-and-a-half years.
India's gross domestic product had expanded by 4.7 per cent in the April-June quarter of the last fiscal year that ended on March 31, 2014. In the January-March period (last quarter of 2013-14), it was 4.6 per cent.
The previous high of GDP growth rate was recorded at 6 per cent in the October-December quarter of 2011-12.
Meanwhile, the grouping noted that CLIs continue to signal a stable growth momentum in most major economies.
"The CLIs for the OECD area as a whole as well as for the United States, Canada and United Kingdom continue to point to stable growth momentum," the statement said.
In Germany the CLI continues to point to slowing momentum, whereas in Italy there are tentative signs of a loss of growth momentum. In the euro area as a whole and in France, the CLIs remain stable, it added.
"The CLI for Japan continues to indicate an interruption in growth momentum though this may be related to one-off factors."

Rada Electronic has best day since 2003 after resultsNPS soars after preliminary review from FDA
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
Pharmaceutical Industry Food and Drug Administration
NEW YORK (Reuters) - NPS Pharmaceuticals Inc  rose sharply in premarket trading on Wednesday, after a preliminary review by the Food and Drug Administration said the company's hormone replacement therapy Natpara reduced the need for calcium and vitamin D supplements in clinical trials.
The stock gained 17 percent to $30.15 before the opening bell, putting it on track for its biggest one-day surge since August 2013. Volume of about 730,000 shares was almost half the stock's 50-day average of more than 1.6 million.

America s  Job Creators  Would Rather Do Anything But  You Know  Create Jobsreddit
America's capitalists take every chance they get to remind us that they are our "job creators," but it turns out that their least-favorite thing on earth to do is create jobs.
Most U.S. business leaders would rather build robots, outsource work or use part-time employees than hire workers full-time, according to a new Harvard Business School survey . Here's a nice infuriating graphic from the smarty-pantses at Harvard Business School, who are educating all of our future non-job-creators in the art of not creating jobs:
As you can see from the chart, 46 percent of our job creators would rather spend money on technology than employ humans, compared with a sad 26 percent who prefer people to robots, and another 29 percent who were confused or indifferent about the question or fell asleep while the survey taker was talking. Forty-nine percent would rather outsource than hire, compared with 30 percent who'd rather hire.
Ever notice how the stock market and corporate profits are at all-time highs, while our wages are flat and roughly half of us still think the economy is in recession? This chart helps explain it, and helps explain why workers' share of those corporate profits is near its lowest since the Truman administration.
This is also bad news for the future of the economy because it means fewer workers are getting the training they need for our super-awesome, high-tech, no-job economy, Harvard pointed out:
"Firms invest most deeply in full-time employees, so preferences for automation, outsourcing, and part-time hires are likely to lead to less skills development," the study authors wrote.
This will give business leaders, who already think we lack the necessary skills for their precious jobs, even less reason to hire us in the future.
Hooray.
More:

Centre asks Meghalaya not to hold talks with GNLACentre asks Meghalaya not to hold talks with GNLA
MP: Penalty of over Rs 6 cr imposed on pan masala tradersMP: Penalty of over Rs 6 cr imposed on pan masala traders
Sharif thanks Modi for offering help in flood relief effortsSharif thanks Modi for offering help in flood relief efforts
Not against coal deallocation  we only want finality: GoyalNot against coal deallocation  we only want finality: Goyal
Kingfisher saga: HC seeks responses on PNB pleaHi Guest
Kingfisher saga: HC seeks responses on PNB plea
The Delhi high court on Monday sought responses of the Centre and Kingfisher Airlines on a plea that lawyers cannot appear before lending bank PNB in the process to declare the ailing carrier and its guarantors, Vijay Mallya and UBHL, as wilful defaulters. Punjab National Bank (PNB), in its plea, has challenged an order of a single-judge bench of the high court which had allowed lawyers to represent the airline in the proceedings to decide whether the carrier and its guarantors, Mallya and ...

TiE to train school children as future job creatorsTiE to train school children as ‘future job creators’
Anil Urs
Tweet
Bangalore, September 8:  
To inculcate entrepreneurship among school students The Indus Entrepreneurs (TiE) Hubli has launched ‘TiE Young Entrepreneurs Program (TYE) 2015’.
“This is a programme to sow the seeds of entrepreneurship at the early stage (so children are) groomed as job creators and not job seekers. This is targeted at students of high school, from ninth to twelfth class, who can become entrepreneurs,” Vinay Pawar Executive Director, TiE Hubli told BusinessLine.
“Participating high school students need to devote their weekends for nearly four months to learn about entrepreneurship, business models, finance, marketing, law, leadership, and presentation skills,” he added.
Through this programme, TiE Hubli plans to enable the youth of north Karnataka to discover the challenges and rewards of entrepreneurship and also develop business acumen and communication skills. Pawar said the programme also instils the confidence required to lead in a global environment with strong team-building acumen and creates an alumni club of all past TYE participants as resource pool for future leaders and entrepreneurs. It also helps in inculcating the spirit of wealth creation, employment generation and giving back to society.
During the training, speakers, organising teams and mentors bring value and contribute to the ‘Transformation of Thinking’ process among the students.
Mentors will guide the students through every phase of the programme and assist teams to develop their business plans and teach them its different aspects. At the end of four months of training, TiE will host a local business plan competition in April.
Winners of the local business plan competition have an opportunity to participate and explore more at TiE Global business plan competition in US, which carries prize money of $25,000.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Focus on polls not CM candidature  Amit Shah tells Jharkhand partymenFocus on polls not CM candidature, Amit Shah tells Jharkhand partymen
Press Trust of India
Poll strategy BJP President Amit Shah at a party meeting in Ranchi on Monday. MANOB CHOWDHURY
Ranchi, September 8:  
BJP President Amit Shah on Monday asked the party’s Jharkhand unit to not bother about a chief ministerial candidate for the upcoming Assembly elections but focus on taking forward the Centre’s developmental plans for the State.
“Don’t think who will be the chief minister, the Assembly elections will be contested under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP’s developmental plans for Jharkhand,” Shah told party workers here.
Addressing them during his maiden meeting organised by the BJP’s State unit in the run up to the yet-to-be announced elections, Shah said: “If you focus on chief minister (candidature), you will lose. You (party workers) should work to get two-third majority in the State.” He also advised party workers to make efforts in “winning booths” by taking BJP’s developmental plans and Modi’s 100-day achievements to the grassroots level.
“Jharkhand has given 12 (out of 14 in the State) Lok Sabha seats...But don’t take elections lightly...There was Narendra Modi’s charisma, but it was no less an effort by the party workers in getting those 12 seats,” Shah said.
“How can people of a State having so much mineral resources be poor?
“Take to every house the Centre’s message of making Jharkhand a welfare state,” the BJP president said.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Prasad seeks global investments in electronics sectorPrasad seeks global investments in electronics sector
S RONENDRA SINGH
Part of Centre’s efforts to boost domestic manufacturing and reduce imports
New Delhi, September 8:  
Communication and IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad is embarking on a global roadshow to get foreign investors to invest in manufacturing units of electronic products.
This is part of the Government’s efforts to lower India’s reliance on imports. While the erstwhile UPA Government had also tried to offer fiscal incentives, not many players came forward.
In an interview with BusinessLine, Prasad said the Narendra Modi Government is confident of getting investors in the manufacturing space over the next five years. “I am going out of my way as a Minister to invite them (global manufacturers),” he said.
“Democracy, demography and demand are certainly there and therefore, we will be able to make it,” Prasad added, when asked about comparisons with China.
Apart from chip manufacturing, the Government is pushing the electronics manufacturing agenda by doling out a lot of incentives.
Electronics clusters
Two approvals have been given for electronics clusters while eight have been given in-principle approval. “I am trying to finalise a date this month where the first cluster’s foundation will be laid in Madhya Pradesh,” Prasad said.
The Minister said the Government has made provisions in the Budget this year to give incentives to companies that set up manufacturing units. For instance, if a company manufactures set-top boxes in India, it will get a rebate on the education cess while importers will not get this benefit.
“I am very hopeful of attracting investors for three reasons — our technological base, availability of good technical people and thirdly, incentives, which the new Government has promised for ease of doing business. This Budget has given the biggest incentive to electronic manufacturing in India,” Prasad said.
Digital India
The other big focus area for Prasad is the Digital India project, aimed at providing citizen services online. “India is sitting on the cusp of a big digital revolution. Many Indians can’t read or write, but they know how to use technology,” Prasad said. The project includes the National Optical Fibre Network, which will connect 60,000 gram panchayats this year.
The other aspect is digital literacy under the ‘Disha’ project. The community service centres (CSCs) will become the hub of this programme.
“Today, we have 2.5 lakh CSCs working under the IT Ministry, in sync with the Telecom Ministry. They will become the centre of service delivery, for common things like land records, birth/caste certificates. Once these reach there, there will be compulsion on the local administration to go digital,” Prasad said.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Rubber futures under pressureWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Get commodities

Mobile ads growing at a record pace in India: OperaMobile ads growing at a record pace in India: Opera
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, September 8:  
Mobile advertising in India is growing at a record pace largely fuelled by uptake of smartphones. India is the single-most powerful driver of the Asia-Pacific market with mobile ad impression volume growing 260 per cent since July 2013, according to the State of Mobile Advertising report released by Opera Mediaworks.
Dominated by Android
There is a country-wide shift from feature phones to smart devices, which is dominated almost entirely by the Android platform (41.7 per cent share compared with 0.4% for iOS).
Opera Mediaworks operates brand-focused mobile advertising network, serving 24 of the 25 top global brands. It also delivers the mobile advertising server and monetisation tools to 18 of the top 25 media companies worldwide.
Opera Mediaworks’ first India-focused report provides data on device adoption, ad types and mobile consumption patterns in the sub-continent, among other things.
According to the survey, social sites and apps are most popular in usage, consistent with the global trend. But mobile app stores, gaming and education sites and apps closely follow, which is particular only to India users.
Advertisements served are mostly for games and mobile devices, together representing nearly half (48.1 per cent) of all impressions. Classified ads, however, are a significant portion, with 1 in 5 impressions dedicated to the direct sale of personal transportation like cars, trucks, motorcycles and bicycles.
Biggest trend
Most ads are simple banners, but more sophisticated rich media emerging as a creative medium. Even at only 3.2 per cent of impressions, rich media drives 26.6 per cent of revenue. Mobile ad interactions are higher on weekends, and engagement is low during the week.
“The biggest trend that we identified was really about future opportunity,” said Mahi de Silva, CEO of Opera Mediaworks. “Mobile users in India, who have shifted to smartphones, have done so with Android, and we can see that those users are far more interested in categories like News & Information, Arts & Entertainment and Business, Finance & Investing than the India average.”
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Having run up at a much faster pace  these have seen a slowdown in their upswingKrishna Kant |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 10:49 PM IST
Indian cement companies top global valuation chart
Shree Cement is now the world's most expensive cement maker followed by Ultratech Cement
Indian cement makers are now the costliest in the world, with a price-to-earnings multiple nearly double that of their global peers and four times that of top Chinese cement makers. Currently, India’s cement makers are trading at about 33 times their net profits for the last four quarters, against the global average of 16.5 and 7.4 for Chinese companies. These cement makers also top the charts for the ratio of price to book value. At current share prices, these companies are valued at 3.7 times their book value, or net worth. The corresponding ratios for their global and Chinese peers are 1.2 and one, respectively, according to Bloomberg data.
This analysis is based on data for the top 30 listed cement companies---10 each from India, China and the rest of the world. The companies in this sample reported combined revenue of $169 billion and a net profit of $11 billion for the year ended June this year. In terms of revenue, these companies account for about two-thirds the global cement market, estimated at $234.6 billion in 2013, according to data from market research firm Transparency Market Research.
Many see further upsides in cement stocks. “Cement makers are likely to report strong earnings growth from the second half of this financial year and this will more-than-make-up for the current high valuations,” says Sanjay Singh, cement analyst at Centrum Broking. Among companies, the Shree Cement stock is the world’s most expensive cement counter, valued at 38 times its trailing 12-month net profit and more than six times its latest net worth. Shree Cement is followed by Ultratech Cement, trading at 33 times its trading earnings and 4.3 times its latest net worth.
By comparison, Lafarge SA, the world’s largest cement maker excluding China, is currently trading at 22.3 times its trailing earnings and on a par with its net worth. It peer Holcim is trading at 15.7 times its trailing earnings and 1.2 times its latest net worth.
The valuations are lower in China, the world’s largest cement market. In that country, the top cement maker by capacity, Anhui Conch, is trading at eight times its trailing annual net profit and 1.7 times its net worth. China National Building Material Company, the world’s second-largest building material supplier by revenue (after Holcim) is valued at just 3.6 times its trailing earnings; it is trading at a discount to its net worth.
Chinese companies are trading at a discount despite reporting some the best financial ratios in the sector. These companies reported an operating margin of 21.7 per cent, against 17.6 per cent in India and 17.1 per cent elsewhere. Also, they top the charts for return on equity, at 15 per cent, against 11.1 per cent for Indian companies and 5.3 per cent for others.
Brushing aside any fear of a bubble in cement stocks, analysts point to the growth opportunity. “Right now, valuations aren’t stretched. Earnings are at their low point in the cycle and if GDP (gross domestic product) growth and infrastructure investment takes off, there will be a dramatic surge in their earnings. This has led to a re-rating,” says Jinesh Gandhi, cement analyst at Motilal Oswal Securities.
Others say cement stocks have become a proxy for the infrastructure and real estate sectors, just as Bhel was a proxy for the power sector in the previous bull-run. “As there are few quality stocks in real estate and infrastructure, investors are piling on cement stocks to take advantage of the new government’s focus on these two sectors. This gives top cement makers some scarcity premium, leading to higher price multiples,” says Devang Mehta, senior vice-president and head (equity sales) at Anand Rathi Financial Services.
This is clear in the increasing heft of Indian cement makers in the global league table. Now, Indian cement makers account for 17.2 per cent of the entire sample with combined market capitalisation of $184 billion, nearly three times their revenue share and more than twice their profit share. By contrast, Chinese cement makers account for a fifth of the market cap, despite 28.2 per cent revenue share and 45 per cent share in net profits. At this rate, Indian cement makers might soon surpass their Chinese peers in terms of market capitalisation.
 Advertisements

Trouble in Paradise: Is Tourism Harming the Planetcomment
Costas Christ  / Icarus Films
Haad Rin beach on the island of Koh Pha Ngan, Thailand, in 1979. The new documentary, “Gringo Trails,” looks at how tourism is threatening some previously little-known destinations.
Whether you’ve got a well-worn passport, or are traveling internationally for the first time, the documentary “ Gringo Trails ” just may inspire you to act more responsibly when you hit the road.
The film, opening in theaters in New York and Chicago this month, looks at how millions of new travelers who don’t always respect the local culture and environment are threatening some tourist destinations 
The World Tourism Organization says a record 1.87 billion tourists traveled internationally in 2013. “Gringo Trails” filmmaker Pegi Vail, associate director of New York University’s Center for Media, Culture and History, says the numbers are only going to increase, so travelers should be aware of their carbon footprint abroad.
“I really love travel, so I wanted to share what could potentially happen in some places if we’re not careful … from both the host’s and the guest’s perspective,“ Vail told TODAY.
The movie — which includes footage spanning three decades — is beautifully shot in several locales, including the lush Amazon jungles of South America, arid Timbuktu, Mali, and Thailand’s tropical beaches.
Some of its most powerful images compare photos and video of tourist destinations in the 1980s and 1990s with how they look now.
The once-deserted paradise of Haad Rin Beach on the island of Ko Pha Ngan in Thailand formerly lured backpackers with its pristine landscape and cheap prices.  But over the course of a decade, the secret got out, and regular all-night Full Moon celebrations now attract thousands of partiers who overtake the island, leaving heaps of trash.
Pegi Vail / Icarus Films
Haad Rin beach in Thailand after the Full Moon/New Year's party in 2010.
The film also shows tourists making innocent mistakes that have real consequences for their destinations. When a visitor on a hunt for anacondas in Bolivia reaches out and touches a snake, the guide warns that the bug repellent on her hands is toxic to the reptile.
“There used to be incredible coral reefs throughout the Caribbean, and with increased development, including tourism, the number of fish and quality of the coral reef is seriously degraded,“ said Jim Sano, vice president of travel and conservation for the World Wildlife Fund.
There are places here in the U.S. that are also affected by the torrent of tourists.  “You used to see grizzly bears all over California, and due to habitat loss, in Yosemite, for example, when an increased number of travelers started visiting, they were hunted to extinction,“ Sano says.
But there are ways travelers can prevent that kind of damage. Ecotourism — or responsible travel to natural areas that conserve the environment and culture of local people — has become more prevalent in recent years. Travelers are choosing vacation spots based on eco-friendly offerings.
Reading up on the history, culture and ecology of a place before visiting also can inform behavior and shows respect for the host country.
“People are afraid to ask questions, but better to ask a guide, 'How do you dispose of things at a campsite or an eco-lodge?' Sometimes there are regulations with toilets and water for proper disposal,” suggests travel expert Lee Abbamonte, who claims to be the youngest American to visit every country in the world.
Icarus Films
"Gringo Trails" director Pegi Vail in Albania. "Anyone can get online and learn about a place before they go,” she says.
“What are the cultural norms? That’s something you can do ahead of time, educate yourself. It doesn’t cost anything. Anyone can get online and learn about a place before they go,” Vail says. 
Patricia Serrano, who blogs at freshtraveler.com , says people don’t always have time to do research, but checking out eco-tourism blogs can help you plan vacations because they’ve already explored the area and can make recommendations.
“I eat at small restaurants that are independently owned. I make sure to drink the local liquor, and basically make sure my money is going to the local economy,” Serrano said.
Other ways to be a conscientious traveler include booking direct flights, choosing eco-friendly tour companies, and respecting the rules on campsites. TripAdvisor has a GreenLeaders program that informs consumers on eco-friendly hotels that are committed to recycling, serving organic and locally produced food, and providing electric car-charging stations.
“More and more countries are relying on tourism as a main source of income. It’s great to learn about other cultures and environments but also recognize that our money goes a long way in these communities, “ Vail says.
Tags:

FIIs pump in Rs 9 000 crore in first week of SeptemberAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Sebi studies its own regulatory impact: U K SinhaAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Bull run in India to continue till 2018; buy now: Jim Walker08:00 am
In a very optimistic call, Jim Walker, MD, Asianomics expects the current bull run in Indian indices to continue till 2018. In an interview to CNBC-TV18, he says this is not the time to think about end of the bull run instead it is great time to buy into the market.
Key Indian indices are on a strong footing from the past few trading sessions with the Nifty and Sensex scaling fresh highs, courtesy supportive global cues and improving macro data back home.
He further adds that signals that one is receiving from the new government in India are improving and on the macro-economic front as well, there are many positive developments.
On specific sectors, Walker finds value in industrial and cyclical stocks. He says the industrial midcap space holds the best value right now.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Jim Walker's interview with CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy
Sonia: 8,140 on the Nifty, at what stage of this bull run are we in?
A: I think you might be talking about 2017-2018 before this bull run is finished. We do have a global economy that is looking for growth and turns in the business cycle and India is providing that. I do not think we could be thinking about the end of the bull run anytime soon.
Latha: What sense you are getting about flows into India, do you think that they are going to remain robust even with the market scaling all time high?
A Other things depend on whether or not the market can deliver returns in the future.That is again dependent on economic growth and government decision making as regards getting the infrastructure programme moving and facilitating economic growth. But the good news is that everything we have seen so far in the last few months and from the bottoming of the Indian economy in a natural sense, the business sector has deleveraged and repaired its balance sheets and now beginning to pick up steam again.The segments from government although improving by organisation and the bureaucracy, trying to facilitate decision making and infrastructure development and infrastructure spending are very positive development for India. This means nominal GDP growth rate will go up and the company sector corporate earnings are going to surprise on the upside. I am not very sure that Indian stocks are very expensive at the moment. I think on two-three year view they are quite cheap.
Sonia: What should the stock wise or rather the portfolio approach be for investors now?
A: We still think that there is some very good value in Indian industrials and cyclical sector. We think it’s early to be very heavily exposed to the banking sector for example, but we still think the industrial midcaps space holds value just now. 
RELATED NEWS

India prepares for return of gold demandLast updated: September 8, 2014 12:35 pm
India prepares for shining return of gold demand
By Avantika Chilkoti in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f2e2f570-3729-11e4-b45c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Which bank has most exposure to debt-laden JP AssociatesSep 08, 2014, 02.55 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Which bank has most exposure to debt-laden JP Associates?
According to research firm Nomura, Indian banks have around USD 10 billion of exposure to the JPA Group.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Which bank has most exposure to debt-laden JP Associates?
According to research firm Nomura, Indian banks have around USD 10 billion of exposure to the JPA Group.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors of  Jaiprakash Associates have had a tough time swallowing the promoters selling shares for “social cause” reasoning, which is evident from its around 30 percent crash since the news broke out. On Thursday, Jaypee Infra Ventures sold 1,34,89,693 shares of Jaiprakash Associates for Rs. 62.40 crore through open market sale route.
The company later said the "small share holding" was disposed off by a promoter company to meet needs of funds including for social cause. "It is understood that rumours are being planted in the market by the persons with vested interests suggesting that the promoters are selling their share holding in the company. Such stories seem to have lead to a sharp drop in the share price...," the company said in a filing to the BSE.
“It is clarified in the interest of stakeholders that one of the promoters holding 72.36 crore shares, constituting 29.75 per cent of the company’s shares capital, has sold only 1.45 per cent of such share holding and continues to hold 68.83 crore shares, constituting 28.30 per cent of company’s share capital,” it said.
JP Associates is struggling under huge debt. According to Thomson Reuters data, the company has a net debt of Rs 63,111 crore and a debt-to-equity ratio of nearly 6 times. To de-leverage, the company has been trying to dispose some of its assets.
According to research firm Nomura, Indian banks have around USD 10 billion of exposure to the JPA Group. It says while there could be some cashflow mismatches, JPA is currently servicing all its bank debt on time and most of the bank exposure is backed by hard assets and ultimate write-downs (if any) will be lower.
Nomura says ICICI,  IDBI and  SBI are the 3 largest lenders to JPA Group with total exposure of Rs 128 billion, Rs 79 billion and Rs 64 billion, respectively. Even their ex-power exposure to JPA is high at Rs 88 billion, Rs 67 billion and Rs 27 billion.
Below chart highlights of various banks exposure to JPA
The research firm report says: “Feedback from banks still suggests that debt-servicing is on time and the probable hydro asset sale deal will ease cashflows for the group. But a sale at low valuations (~30-40 percent lower than the recent public issue) would be a negative and hence we highlight each bank’s exposure to JPA.
Of our top picks,  ICICI has very high exposure to JPA Group, and Axis Bank 's exposure is negligible. It’s too early to run sensitivities on probable losses but we will closely monitor newsflow relating to debt servicing of JPA as ICICI’s exposure is the highest."
Posted by Sagar Salvi

Walgreen Adds Activist Hedge Fund Founder to BoardAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Lanco Cuts Down Workforce by 30% Due to SlowdownYou are here: Home Corporates
Lanco Cuts Down Workforce by 30% Due to Slowdown
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 08, 2014 18:22 (IST)
Banks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
Hyderabad:
Lanco Infratech, which has interests in infrastructure, power and realty segments, retrenched 30 per cent of its 5,700 workforce during the last financial year due to slowdown in development of some of its projects amid subdued market conditions.
According to the latest annual report of the infra major, the group, which had a workforce of 5,700 by the end of March 2013, cut down its workforce to 4,000 by the end of March this year. By the end of FY12, it had nearly 8,000 employees, the report said.
"During the year 2013-14, employee benefits expenses decreased by 38 per cent over the previous year. The decrease was on account of fall in the total number of employees in the group due to a slowdown in the development of future projects as a result of a slowdown in economic activity in the country," Lanco said in its annual report.
The group spent Rs 353 crore on salaries, allowances and benefits to employees during FY14 as against Rs 549 crore in FY13, as per the data in the annual report.
On a consolidated basis, the company reported gross revenues of Rs 10,597.85 crore in 2013-14 as against Rs 13,887.66 crore in the previous year.
Net loss after tax and adjustment of minority interest and share of profits of associates was Rs 2,273.88 crore, as against Rs 1,073.30 crore for the year 2012-13.
Gross interest and finance charges, on a consolidated basis, amounted to Rs 2,762.12 crore in comparison to Rs 2,421.44 crore due to increase in loans and working capital requirements for project execution, the report said.
On the Griffin Coal Mining Company, which is Lanco's Australian subsidiary, the report said that steps are underway to reach a short-term production target of 5 million tonnes by March 2015.
Production at the mine during 2013-14 was 2.83 metric tonnes with sales of 2.95 metric tonne.
"Capacity enhancement programme has been raised to 15 metric tonne per annum and it is in the planning phase. The company also recently received environmental clearance to develop a new berth (Berth 14 A) at Bunbury port to export coal from Griffin," it said.
However, Griffin Coal suffered a net loss of Rs 714 crore on a Rs 681 crore revenue during the last financial year due to higher construction, development and generation expenses, the annual report said.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 18:18 (IST)

2G case: SC asks CBI chief to file responseA tale of nature's fury, sufferings, heroic rescues: Kashmir floods in 30 photos
Flood waters have started receding in Jammu and Kashmir, giving rescue teams a chance to reach tens of thousands of villagers stranded by the heaviest rainfall in 50 years. Here are 30 images that clearly show the extent of the horrific flooding in the state.
The Evolution of iPhone: Shown in 8 seconds!
Design seems to have been the biggest change in this season's Apple iPhone launch. Whether or not Apple loyalists will embrace this latest offering will be seen when the phone hits the stores on September 19 this year. Enjoy this animated evolution of Apple through the years!
Dear Chetan Bhagat, you suggest homosexuality must be tolerated. Why?
Sir, one needn’t be an apologist to demand one’s rights and we queers are certainly not aiming to calmly stand in line for our dole; just as no one asked Gandhi or King to go back home and wait for their time to come.
6 things you can buy instead of iPhone 6
Before you prepare to spend about Rs. 60,000 on the latest piece of Apple wizardry, remember there is so much more you can do with the same amount of money -- like going to Bali and zooming off on a new bike. Or, you can stick to taking selfies on your new phone

Massive rescue operations on as floods cut off J-K; phones down  roads submergedPlay Pause
A soldier carries a toddler as evacuated families alight from an Indian Air Force Mi-17 helicopter flying a rescue sortie in the Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir. (AFP Photo)
Tourists who were rescued by the army from the flooded areas wait to be transported to Jammu at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Men remove debris of their house that was damaged in floods on the banks of the Tawi River in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A villager salvages belongings in his flood-devastated home in Poonch, some 240 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
A lady along with her child salvages usable items from her destroyed house after flash floods hit Majheen village about 20 km from Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Laborers carry relief material for flood-affected victims in Poonch, around 276 kilometers (166 miles) from Jammu. (AP Photo)
Indian army soldiers load onto a helicopter relief material for flood victims at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
An aerial view of a flood affected Pargwal village along River Chenab, in Jammu.(Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
Helicopters carrying out rescue, relief & evacuation of people marooned during the flood fury in Jammu and Kashmir. (Photo by IAF)
Indian villagers look on at a missing section of a bridge across the overflowing Tawi river that was swept away as flooding continues in the Mandal area of Jammu. (AFP ...
People look at a bridge across the Tawi River that was damaged in the floods at Mandal village on the outskirts of Jammu.(AP Photo)
Indian residents look on towards threatened houses as waters from the overflowing Tawi river rage past in Jammu. (AFP Photo)
Trucks stands stranded due to heavy rain fall in Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Onlookers stand on the debris of a house that was damaged by floodwaters on the banks of the river Tawi after heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Indian villagers look across the Chenab river at a half-submerged temple and homes at Akhnoor, some 30 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
People ride their vehicles in a bridge across a river flooded following monsoon rains in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A view of residential areas adjoining Tawi river during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
An army jawan alerts people over rising water level as heavy rains continue to lash Jammu on Friday. (PTI Photo)
A man holding umbrella looks on as Tawi river rages dangerously during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
Water from the overflowing river Tawi floods a temple of Lord Ganesh, the deity of prosperity, during heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
“The Indian Army will not move back to the barracks till the last man is brought to safety,” said General Dalbir Singh, chief of the army staff.
 
Video footage shot from army helicopters showed entire villages completely under water while residents were seen waving from rooftops as vehicles and livestock were washed away by the floodwaters.
State-run BSNL launched an operation with the army and air force to re-establish mobile services through satellite network, though officials said it would take more than a week for full restoration.
Read: Govt fights hard to save lives
 
The army headquarters in Delhi used social media to help send messages from anxious people across the country seeking to know about their missing relatives. It forwarded all distress messages received on its website, Facebook page and Twitter handle to a WhatsApp group, that included senior Northern Command officers
 
National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) rescuers received over 450 distress messages through WhatsApp and other social media platforms apart from SMSes about people stranded in submerged areas.
Watch: Monsoon floods kill hundreds in India, Pakistan
"We are not able to communicate with our teams sent on the ground in flood-ravaged areas. We were able to rescue some people after getting these messages. We have asked our commanders and control rooms to streamline these messages," said NDRF chief OP Singh said.
 
Rescue efforts were hampered by rains in Srinagar on Monday. With large swathes of the state cut off, the army distributed 23,000 litres of drinking water, 85 tonnes of medicines and 600 kg of biscuits in flood-affected areas.

Military wants help to launch satellite-fixing robots into spaceBy Dan Lamothe September 8 Follow @danlamothe
Lockheed Martin’s Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite R-Series is among the geostationary satellites currently in orbit. The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency wants to develop new robots that can fix satellites in geostationary orbit. (Lockheed Martin image)
The U.S. military and commercial companies alike maintain many space satellites in geostationary orbit, meaning they stay over the same point on the Earth’s surface. But there’s a catch: While the satellites help with everything from telecommunications to tracking the weather, it is very difficult to maintain them because they are stationed about 22,300 miles high.
“Satellites in GEO are essentially unreachable with current technology,” said officials with the Pentagon’s Defense Advance Research Projects Agency. “As a result, these satellites are designed to operate without any upgrades or repairs for their entire lifespan—a methodology that demands increased size, complexity and cost.”
DARPA — known for developing high-tech, futuristic equipment — is looking for a few good robots to help. And in a new advertisement to industry, the agency said it also is interested in partnering with private corporations to launch a rocket in the next five years that can carry the robots to work on satellites. The ability to fix them in geostationary orbit would “revolutionize military and commercial space operations alike,” DARPA officials say, reducing costs and improving the lifespan and reliability of satellites.
As this artist’s rendering released by DARPA shows, the robots would have a variety of jobs, including inspecting satellites for problems, readjusting their orbits and fixing mechanical problems:
The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, which oversees a variety of high-tech projects for the Pentagon, released this artist’s rendering to show how it wants robots that can fix space satellites in geostationary orbit. (DARPA image)
In April, DARPA said it had awarded contracts to eight companies that are developing robotics to work on satellites as part of the agency’s Phoenix Program. It released this video to show it in concept:
The companies include Busek; Energid Inc; Honeybee Robotics; MacDonald, Dettwiler and Associates Ltd. of Canada; MacDonald, Dettwiler and Associates Ltd. of the United States; NovaWurks; Oceaneering Inc.; and Space Systems/Loral.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=world/national-security, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410187396/1410187396000/1410187396 tracking: {authors=Dan Lamothe, blog_name=checkpoint, content_category=World/national-security, in_url_headline=military-wants-help-to-launch-satellite-fixing-robots-into-space, post_id=3828, section={section=world/national-security, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 2:43:16 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 2:43:16 PM

Clegg urges Scots to choose safe pathSeptember 8, 2014 3:38 pm
Nick Clegg urges Scots to take ‘safe path’ to further UK power
By Elizabeth Rigby, Deputy Political Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/93ca5f30-3759-11e4-971c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Avoid iPhone hype: Apple stock lagsAvoid iPhone hype: Apple stock lags
By: Matt Krantz September 8, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during the introduction of the iPhone 5 in 2012. (Eric Risberg, AP)
Seems like a smart plan: Buy Apple (AAPL) stock today. Wait until tomorrow — for the expected new iPhone announcement. Bam. Instant riches. Right? Not so iFast.
Speculators and traders trying to jump into Apple stock before iPhone announcements have actually gotten pretty ho-hum short term returns — and stock market reactions are getting even lower as each new iPhone gets increasingly incremental.
Apple’s stock, on average, has risen 0.3% on the day of the announcement of every new iPhone starting with the original model on Jan. 9, 2007 through the 5C and 5S on Sept. 10, 2013 (see chart below). That return is identical to the average returns of the Standard & Poor’s 500 during the same time periods.
Announcement dates Wikipedia, stock prices S&P Capital IQ via Microsoft Excel
But much of this first-day reaction to the announcement is largely skewed by the strong, 8.3%, gain following the unveiling of the first, original iPhone. Not a single new iPhone announcement has received that kind of reception from investors since. Excluding the announcement of the first iPhone, shares of Apple on average actually fell 1% on the first day.
Apple’s stock didn’t perform much better over the 30 days following the announcement of each new iPhone model. Shares of Apple have dropped 1.4% on average following the seven past iPhone announcements in the following 30 days. That compared with a 0.4% average gain by the S&P 500 during the same time.
Announcement dates-Wikipedia, stock prices S&P Capital IQ via Microsoft Excel
Take for instance the market reaction to the most recent new iPhones: the 5S and the 5C on Sept. 10, 2013. Shares fell 2.3% on the day of the announcement. And 30 days later? Apple stock was down 3.3%. Investors would have been better off with the S&P 500, which rose 0.7% on the day of the announcement and gained 1.2% in the following 30 days.
Chart source: MSN Money
There’s no doubt that Apple stock has been a huge winner long term. And the iPhone is a pivotal product for Apple, accounting for about half its stock price, Trefis says. But investors thinking that buying right ahead of an announcement is an easy way to profit — especially as the wow factor is long gone in yet another model of a smartphone — may need to rethink their strategy.
iPhone model

No facilitation fee to agents for air travel by government officialsUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: The Finance Ministry has barred PSU travel agents, including IRCTC and Balmer Lawrie, from charging facilitation fees from government officials on their domestic and international air travels.
The government had on October 10, 2013, allowed three authorised travel agents - IRCTC, Balmer Lawrie and Ashok Travels and Tours - to charge a facilitation fee of Rs 100 on domestic air travels and Rs 300 on international travels.
"It has been decided to withdraw office memorandum of October 10, 2013, with immediate effect," the expenditure department of the Finance Ministry said in an office order.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley
Consequently, it added that "no fee/service charges which are not included in the tariff charged by Air India/Airlines are required to be paid to the authorised travel agents".
It also advised that as far as possible, air tickets on government account may be obtained directly from Air India/ Airlines (booking counters/offices/website).
However, it said, if it is not possible to obtain tickets directly from Air India/Airlines counters, they may obtain the services of three authorised travel agents.
In order to rationalise government expenditure, the Finance Ministry has already constituted an Expenditure Management Commission under former RBI Governor Bimal Jalan. The Commission is expected to suggest ways to prune subsidies and reduce other expenses to bring down the fiscal deficit.

Mamata transformed from  daughter of revolution  to  queen of corruption : BJPUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Kolkata: Hitting out at West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee for "patronising corruption", Bharatiya Janata Party Vice President Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi on Monday said the Saradha scam would prove to be the Waterloo for the Trinamool Congress in days to come.
"We had immense respect for Mamata Banerjee and her fight against injustices committed during the Left rule in Bengal. But the fact is in just three years of her rule she has transformed herself from the 'daughter of revolution' to 'queen of corruption'," Naqvi told a press conference here.
"Saradha scam, will prove to be the Waterloo for the TMC in days to come," he observed.
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee
Naqvi's caustic prognosis came a day after BJP president Amit Shah alleged that Banerjee's associates and stooges were involved in the Saradha scam, which has affected over 17 lakh investors, and asked her to quit office if she can't act against the wrong-doers.
Commenting on the allegation by TMC that the Saradha scam was being politicised, Naqvi said, "The CBI is investigating the scam as per Supreme Court orders. The CBI probe is never politicised and it will never be politicised in future too".
Asked if the BJP would demand Banerjee's resignation, like the Congress, till the CBI gives her a clean chit in the scam, Naqvi said, "The Congress should not talk much about it because they themselves are neck deep in corruption. But yes crime is crime, whether you are involved in corruption or you are patronising it."
Naqvi also alleged that "The TMC has now become a party of anti-socials where criminals from the Left parties have joined on deputation after the change of guard".
"In TMC the motivated old-timers have become sidelined by the criminals who have come on deputation from the Left," Naqvi alleged.
Asked about the submission of suspended TMC MP Kunal Ghosh before a city court last week that he should be questioned along with Saradha Group CMD Sudipta Sen and Mamata Banerjee, Naqvi said, "The Saradha scam has dented the image of Banerjee".

Two-year-old toddler rescued from hot car by fast-acting firefightersBy Sarah Larimer September 8 Follow @slarimer
A toddler left inside a hot car in California last week was pulled to safety by San Jose firefighters, who popped the vehicle’s lock and removed the two-year-old boy, according to reports .
The boy was sweating and crying when emergency responders pulled him from the car, which was parked outside a shopping center. A video that captured the rescue shows one fireman holding the boy, while another tries to cool him down by taking off his clothes.
“Our mission was just to get that baby out as soon as possible,” firefighter Martin Mora told KTVU .
“But all the doors were locked so that’s when we put our tools into action,” said Joshua Scheib, a firefighter and paramedic.
From KTVU:
Authorities aren’t sure how long the child was left in that car, but they estimated between 5 and 10 minutes. Police credited quick thinking shoppers and the quick action of firefighters with likely saving the boy’s life.
Once they pulled the toddler out of the hot car and removed some of his clothes, emergency responders put him in an ambulance.
“You know we had the air conditioner going on,” Scheib told KTVU . “We tried everything we can just to bring the patient’s temperature down.”
The boy was taken to a hospital with injuries that weren’t considered life-threatening, the San Jose Mercury News reported. His mother told authorities that she left the child in the car while she ran an errand.
“Obviously, whatever the mother explained to the officers there at the scene and to the detective, all that’s going to play into what the DA decides to do with this case,” officer Albert Morales, of the San Jose Police Department, told KTVU .
Calls to the San Jose police and the local district attorney’s office were not immediately returned Monday morning.
This year, more than 20 children who were trapped in hot cars have died, according to Jan Null, who tracks the incidents .
RELATED READING:

Twitter to launch a ‘buy now’ buttonSeptember 8, 2014 2:06 pm
Twitter to launch a ‘buy now’ button
By Hannah Kuchler
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d6e077c8-3736-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BPO employee gangrape: Court to pronounce verdict on September 22New Delhi: A Delhi court on Monday reserved its verdict for September 22 in the sensational abduction and gangrape case of a 30-year-old BPO executive from the northeast in Dhaula Kuan in 2010.
Additional sessions judge Virender Bhat reserved the judgement after the final arguments were concluded in the case.
Shamshad alias Khutkan, Usman alias Kale, Shahid alias Chhota Billi, Iqbal alias Bada Billi and Kamruddin alias Mobile, had on November 24, 2010 abducted the victim while she was walking home with her friend after her shift had ended.
The case had forced Delhi Police to issue an order under Section 144 of Criminal Procedure Code to all BPOs in Delhi NCR to drop women employees home safely and provide them security.
They took her to Mongolpuri, gangraped her, and left her on an isolated road there, the police had said in their charge sheet.
"Meanwhile, the victim's friend, the prime witness in the case alerted the police control room about the abduction. The police later arrested the accused from Mewat in Haryana," the charge sheet had said.
All the five adult accused facing trial in the case had claimed innocence and said that they were falsely implicated in the case.
They have been tried under sections 376(2)(G) (gangrape), 506 (criminal intimidation) and 365 (abduction) of the Indian Penal Code.
Kamruddin, Shahid and Iqbal had refused to undergo test identification parade after their arrest. The victim had identified Shamshad and Usman.
During the trial, the police had claimed that the accused have also confessed to their crime. After his arrest, Kamruddin had purportedly expressed remorse over the act before police, the charge sheet had said.
The case had forced Delhi Police to issue an order under Section 144 of Criminal Procedure Code to all BPOs in Delhi NCR to drop women employees home safely and provide them security.
The incident also led police to issue specific directions to PCR vans to remain visible on roads and that one officer should remain outside the vehicle round-the-clock.

Congress virtually questions continuance of VK Singh as ministerUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Congress on Monday virtually questioned the continuance of former Army chief Gen VK Singh as Union minister in the wake of the Armed Forces Tribunal making some carping comments against him in the Sukna land scam case.
"How many times a minister has been found guilty of conspiracy?... There have been huge question marks. The Prime Minister should ask questions and the nation should know," party spokesman Abhishek Singhvi told reporters.
He was asked whether it was a "fit case" for dismissal of Singh as Union minister in view of the Army tribunal's virtual indictment of his actions as Army Chief in the court martial of former 33 Corps Commander Lt Gen PK Rath, who was given a clean chit by tribunal in the Sukna land scam.
"For a sitting minister of the central government to be so indicted by a high power tribunal,... which has passed strictures against him and has found him part of the conspiracy... It is extraordinary that he is continuing," Singhvi said.
"For a sitting minister of the central government to be so indicted by a high power tribunal,... which has passed strictures against him and has found him part of the conspiracy... It is extraordinary that he is continuing," Singhvi said.

BJP showing  naked  power-hungry face : Congress on AAP MLA poaching rowUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Slamming BJP over allegations that it was trying to poach away Aam Aadmi Party MLAs, Congress on Monday claimed the saffron outfit had shown "its absolute, naked, power-hungry face" by engaging in such activities and hoped that Supreme Court will order fresh polls soon in Delhi.
Accusing BJP of doing a "complete somersault and a volte face" on the issue of government formation in Delhi, Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said given that it does not have the numbers, BJP can come to power either by ensuring abstentions or defections and both must involve inducements.
"It is constitutionally immoral, morally indefensible and illegal," he said, wondering what the reasons might be behind "this great desire (of BJP) to form the government now".
Congress general secretary BK Hariprasad and Singhvi claimed parallels could be drawn between the situation in Delhi and 'Operation Kamala' in Karnataka when a number of Congress legislators had resigned only to become MLAs later on BJP tickets during the chief ministership of BS Yeddyurappa in 2009.
Singhvi said it was "a matter of great astonishment, indeed mystery" as to what had changed in the last eight months, with no change having occurred in the ground realities, to make BJP find it "necessary and desirable to form the government without elections".
"We (Congress) find it extremely disturbing, mysterious and inexplicable," he said.
Congress general secretary BK Hariprasad and Singhvi claimed parallels could be drawn between the situation in Delhi and 'Operation Kamala' in Karnataka when a number of Congress legislators had resigned only to become MLAs later on BJP tickets during the chief ministership of BS Yeddyurappa in 2009.
Delhi Lt Governor Najeeb Jung has come under attack from AAP over the issue of government formation but Singhvi today refrained from making a direct attack on the former saying he is not going to engage in loose talk on a person holding a constitutional post.
Meanwhile, vowing that Congress would fight on the streets against BJP's attempt to form a government in Delhi "by hook or by crook", AICC Communication Department Chairman Ajay Maken said, "It clearly shows that BJP is (trying to) form the government simply by purchasing MLAs.
"We expect that Supreme Court will take cognizance of the matter. We also hope that Supreme Court will order fresh elections in Delhi after the dissolution of the Assembly."
The apex court will on September 9 hear an AAP petition regarding the holding of fresh Assembly polls in Delhi.

These trout are great at making eels do their dirty workBy Rachel Feltman September 8 Follow @rachelfeltman
The coral trout is better at picking eel partners than most chimps are at picking chimp partners. (Alex Vail)
When it comes to collaboration, humans have an unusual knack for picking the most beneficial partners: We find people who can take on the tasks we're not so good at. Until now, scientists assumed that chimpanzees, our closest evolutionary relative, were the world's second best partner-selectors. But according to new research published in Current Biology , the truth is fishy.
Chimps have been tested for this quality using rope-pull experiments: A plank holding fruit is placed parallel to but out of reach from a cage, with a rope attached to either end. Chimps are evaluated based on their ability to realize that they need a co-conspirator to tug the fruit in, and how successfully they can work together.
The coral trout is known to work with other species when it hunts for food, but researchers couldn't test the fish's coordination skills by dumping ropes and fruit into the water. Instead, they presented the fish with food that was either easy to get, or hidden within a hard-to-reach crevice (as it often would be in a reef).
A coral trout encounters its ersatz eel friend. (Alex Vail)
Researchers used fake moray eels, known to be frequent collaborators of the trout. When the fish used their usual tricks to get help from an eel -- shaking their heads and even doing headstands to point the predator in the direction of hidden prey -- these fake decoys would either swim toward it, scaring the food out into the open, or swim in the opposite direction.
On day one of the experiment, the fish sought out help 83 percent of the time that they should have, which is comparable to rates seen in chimps. But on day two, the fish surpassed the primates: They were over three times more likely to choose the effective hunting partner over the one that swam in the wrong direction. This, the researchers reported, suggests that the fish are actually better at learning who to buddy up with than are chimps.
What's cool here is that the trout are showing more complex behavior than the chimps (albeit in one very specific circumstance) even though their brains are decidedly less complex. "This study strengthens the case that a relatively small brain - compared to warm-blooded species - does not stop at least some fish species from possessing cognitive abilities that compare to or even surpass those of apes," lead author Alexander Vail , a Gates Scholar at the University of Cambridge, said in a statement. 
The skill of conscious collaboration may be more common than we thought, and it's possible that it's a survival trait that's evolved time and time again in different species.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410192058/1410192058000/1410192058 tracking: {authors=Rachel Feltman, blog_name=speaking-of-science, content_category=National, in_url_headline=just-like-humans-these-trout-get-others-to-do-their-dirty-work, post_id=860, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 4:00:58 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 4:00:58 PM

Boeing wins 737 Max order from Ryanair worth up to $22BBoeing wins 737 Max order from Ryanair worth up to $22B
Ryanair's Boeing deal secures $22B in 737 max jets
Sept. 8 (Bloomberg) -- Bloomberg's Betty Liu reports that Ryanair has agreed to purchase as many as 200 Boeing 737 Max jets in a deal valued at $22 billion. She speaks on "In The Loop."
Sept. 8 (Bloomberg) -- Bloomberg's Betty Liu reports that Ryanair has agreed to purchase as many as 200 Boeing 737 Max jets in a deal valued at $22 billion. She speaks on "In The Loop."
Boeing Ryanair Holdings Plc
Chicago-based Boeing Co. on Monday received an order for 100 of its new 737 Max 200 aircraft from European low-cost carrier Ryanair.
The order is valued at $11 billion at list prices, although carriers typically receive discounts. It has a potential value of $22 billion if Ryanair takes its option to purchase 100 more.
“I am confident we will take all of these 200 aircraft,” Ryanair CEO Michael O'Leary said at a news conference in New York on Monday. Ryanair is based in Ireland.

IAF distributes relief funds in flood-hit areas of J-KIAF distributes relief funds in flood-hit areas of J-K
Horse trading allegations by BJP  show cause notice to leaderHorse trading allegations by BJP  show cause notice to leader
I have intelligence inputs that BJP is trying to incite riots in UP: Mulayam SinghI have intelligence inputs that BJP is trying to incite riots in UP: Mulayam Singh
Today s picks- 09 September 2014Devangshu Datta |  Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 10:30 PM IST
Today's picks - 9 September 2014
Nifty, Bank Nifty, ONGC, Hindustan Unilever, Wipro
NIFTY
Current: 8,174 (fut: 8,192),
Target: NA
Stop-loss short positions at 8,250. Stop long positions at 8,135. Bg moves could go till 8,300 or 8,075. A long 8,300c (36) and short 8,400c (14) coild gain 10-15 if the futures hits 8,300.
BANK NIFTY
Current: 16,207 (fut: 16,256)
Target: 16,350 (fut: 16,400)
Keep a stop at 16,175 and go long. Add to the position between 16,325 and 16,350. Book profits at 16,400. (All futures prices)
ONGC
Current price: Rs 455
Target price: Rs 464
Keep a stop at Rs 450 and go long. Add to the position between Rs 460 and Rs 462. Book profits at Rs 464.
HINDUSTAN UNILEVER
Current price: Rs 746
Target price: Rs 755
Keep a stop at Rs 740 and go long. Add to the position between Rs 751 and Rs 753. Book profits at Rs 755.
WIPRO
Current price: Rs 593
Target price: Rs 605
Keep a stop at Rs 589 and go long,. Add to the position between Rs 598 and Rs 600. Book profits at Rs 605.
Target prices, projected movements in terms of next session, unless otherwise stated
 Advertisements

Ford slips on profitability warningSeptember 8, 2014 5:05 pm
Ford slips on Morgan Stanley downgrade
By Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c0f7311a-376b-11e4-971c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Coal Block Auctions Likely by FY15-End: ReportChina Likely to Set Up Industrial Parks in India: Commerce Minister
New Delhi:
As the government awaits Supreme Court's decision on the mines allotted since 1993, Ministry of Power and Coal is firming up plans to commence the auction process by the end of current financial year (2014-15).
The apex court will continue the hearing on the fate of coal blocks allotted between 1993 and 2011 tomorrow. Last month, the Supreme Court had held that all 218 allocations made from 1993 to 2011 are illegal and arbitrary.
According to sources, the Ministry of Power and Coal is planning to auction the blocks, allocation of which may be scrapped by the apex court, by the end of the fiscal.
"The entire process of coal block auction will take at least 6 months," the source said.
The consequences of declaring the allocations illegal would be considered tomorrow taking into account the investments made by companies for various projects and the procedure to be adopted for cancellation.
Of the 218 allocations, 80 were already de-allocated prior to the verdict. Of the remaining 138, 40 are operational with clear licences, while six others are ready to start operations.
The government had urged SC to spare 46 coal blocks - 40 functional ones and six which are ready to start operations.
The apex court has asked Centre, the three Associations - Coal Producers Association, Sponge Iron Manufacturers Association and Independent Power Producers Association of India - and petitioners to file their affidavits.
When asked whether his ministry is prepared to hold auctions if the apex court cancels all the allotted mines, Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal said yesterday, "We are ready for every scenario."
However, he did not elaborate the timeline for coal block auctions.
SC, on August 25, held that all coal blocks allocated during the last 17 years since 1993 by various regimes at the Centre were done illegally and arbitrarily, bringing uncertainty to the fate of 218 block allocations and consequential investments to the tune of around Rs 2 lakh crore.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 18:34 (IST)
MORE FROM NDTV

Government to Come Out With IPR Policy: Commerce MinisterChina Likely to Set Up Industrial Parks in India: Commerce Minister
New Delhi: Amidst developed nations like the US raising issues over India's intellectual property rights (IPR) regime, the government has said it will come out with a policy framework within a few months to make IPR more robust.
Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman on Monday said her ministry will soon have a think-tank that will enable it to handle the IPR issues more firmly.
"India does not have an IPR policy. This is the first time we are coming out with an IPR policy. IPR policy issues have been hanging for quite a long time," Ms Sitharaman told reporters in Delhi.
She said the policy will help in dealing with issues being raised by developed nations and protect interest of India on IPR related matters.
"It will give direction in terms of protecting IPR of India on which several issues are there. With the US we have (certain) issues... India has become a brand in terms of pharma... We are very strong in IPR and we certainly want to protect our interest," she added.
Developed nations are picking holes in India's IPR laws because it does not have any policy, Ms Sitharaman said. When asked about the timeline for the new policy, she said it may take about six months.
The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) will put the draft policy on the website for public comments before finalising the policy.
"India has a well-established legal framework for IPR but it's important to spell out policy. In the next 2-3 months, we will discuss and debate in country," DIPP Secretary Amitabh Kant said. On the proposed think-tank on IPR, the trade minister said, "We are going to have the benefit of experts, who will constantly keep us informed about developments on international IPR issues, flag off concerns."
During the recent times, the Obama administration has been strongly criticising India's investment climate and IPR laws, especially in the pharmaceuticals and the solar sectors. India has maintained that its IPR regime is fully compliant with WTO laws and it will not take part in any unilateral investigations by the US on the matter.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 22:16 (IST)

How did Tata s unlisted firms fare in FY14Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
How did Tata's unlisted firms fare in FY14?
FY14, a year Mistry himself characterised as challenging, saw the Tata Group's dividend income slip only marginally to Rs 3,770 crore. A whopping 96 percent of this money, or Rs 3,627 crore, came from TCS.
Post your opinion here
 
TCS continues to be the blue-eyed boy for the Tata Group, accounting for nearly 96 percent of the group's dividend income.
But while FY14 has been relatively flat for holding company Tata Sons in terms of dividend received from its group companies, CNBC-TV18’s Sajeet Manghat and Arvind Sukumar report that new businesses like real estate and insurance are on the verge of a breakout.
Cyrus Mistry may be hard-pressed to find another crown jewel like  TCS among his group companies.
FY14, a year Mistry himself characterised as challenging, saw the Tata Group's dividend income slip only marginally to Rs 3,770 crore. A whopping 96 percent of this money, or Rs 3,627 crore, came from TCS.
Of the 11 Tata group companies that paid a dividend to Tata Sons last year, only two increased their dividend payout -- Ewart investments, an investment arm of Tata Investment Corp and Tata Housing Development.
Tata Housing's dividend payout rose nearly 58 percent to Rs 27.35 crore and Ewart Investments paid Rs 5 crore -- double the amount it paid in the previous year.
But these three companies are not the only reason Mistry can wear a broad smile.
Many of the group's companies, have entered a growth phase, and have either started posting profits or trimming their losses.
The group's real estate arm, Tata Realty, saw profits jumping 58 percent to Rs 57.74 crore while its housing arm, Tata Housing Development, saw profits surge 255 percent to Rs 61.45 crores.
Its engineering consulting arm saw profits double to Rs 46.94 crore, its life insurance arm, Tata AIA Life, saw profits jump 25 percent while general insurance arm, TATA AIG, saw profits rise 54 percent.
However, it should be noted that neither of these insurance companies paid a dividend this year.
The Tata group's ventures in advanced R&D and defense have also done well.
Tata Advanced Systems, which works in the high-tech sector, posted a profit of Rs 38.57 crore against Rs 69.5 lakh last year and its defence JV Tata Lockheed Martin saw losses shrink to Rs 5.66 crore, from Rs 15 crore.
The group's DTH arm Tata Sky is also doing better, with losses falling from Rs 228 crore, to Rs 157 crore.
In the retail space, Tata Group's 100% retail arm Infiniti Retail, which runs electronic store chain Croma, posted a loss of Rs 82.14 crore.
Clearly, the group has a lot to look forward to, especially as the economy gets back on its feet.
And while it may not have another TCS overnight, there are more than a few waiting in the wings to take the group's fortunes to new heights.
RELATED NEWS

Gas pricing report on Sep 10; Ranga formula may be junkedLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gas pricing report on Sep 10; Ranga formula may be junked
The four-member secretaries panel is expected to submit its report on the gas pricing issue by September 10. A final decision on the matter is expected by the end of this month.
Post your opinion here
08:00 pm
The four-member secretaries panel is expected to submit its report on the gas pricing issue by September 10. A final decision on the matter is expected by the end of this month. CNBC-TV18’s Nayantara Rai reports.
The panel, when it had been set up had said it would submit its report in about two weeks’ time. It has emerged that it is sticking to that timeline.
Sources in the new government indicate that the panel has found several flaws in formula suggested the committee headed by former RBI governor C Rangarajan [which had been put in abeyance by the Election Commission].
Also read: Modified Ranga formula proposes gas price at $6-6.7/ mmbtu
A key point that has been debated is why should older wells – some in existence for 10 to 30 years -- enjoy a new gas price regime?
It remains to be seen whether the secretaries’ panel will recommend a uniform gas price or will only the new fields actually get the new rates.
Another point to see is whether the panel will tackle the issue of subsidies -- the expenditure secretary is part of it – as gas prices going up would result in power and fertiliser subsidies going up too.
RELATED NEWS

Indiana Couple Accused of Locking Woman in Cageindiana couple accused of locking woman in cage
New York Car Service to Offer Taxis Just for Womennew york car service to offer taxis just for women
OECD says India s growth gaining momentumOECD says India s growth gaining momentum
IT companies take on rice bucket challengeIT companies take on rice bucket challenge
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kochi, September 8:  
With the rice bucket challenge going viral across the country, IT companies at Infopark joined in on the occasion of Onam celebrations, collecting over a tonne of rice for donating it to 25 Muthuva Tribal families at Therekkudi Tribal Settlement in Kothamangalam.
The Infopark also organised an awareness campaign on the occasion to bring forward more people into the organ donation drive and spread the message of love for humanity through organ donations. As part of the challenge, which is the Indian version of the popular ALS Ice Bucket Challenge, the companies garnered over a tonne of rice.
“We decided to organise the rice bucket challenge because it is one of the most novel methods to help the needy,” said Infopark Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Hrishikesh Nair.
The challenge got kicked off as an alternative to the original ice bucket challenge which began in mid-2013 and has since then become an Internet sensation.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Low VIX in current bullish phase implies market is close to topDevangshu Datta |  Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 10:45 PM IST
Low VIX in current bullish phase implies market is close to top
The bull run continued as the European Central Bank (ECB) decided to cut rates and loosen up money supply. The indices hit new highs on Monday with the Nifty touching 8,180. The move was broad-based with Advances far outnumbering Declines. The FIIs increased their buying quanta and domestic retail sentiment is also strong.The Nifty, Sensex, Junior, Bank Nifty, etc, all continue to trend upwards. Volumes are reasonable. The market continues to have bullish trends across all time-phases, (short-te
The bull run continued as the European Central Bank (ECB) decided to cut rates and loosen up money supply. The indices hit new highs on Monday with the Nifty touching 8,180. The move was broad-based with Advances far outnumbering Declines. The FIIs increased their buying quanta and domestic retail sentiment is also strong.
The Nifty, Sensex, Junior, Bank Nifty, etc, all continue to trend upwards. Volumes are reasonable. The market continues to have bullish trends across all time-phases, (short-term, intermediate term, long-term) by definition, since it is logging higher highs.
In a run like this, it is impossible to set targets since the indices are all in new zones without any pricing history. The trend following technical trader will just set a trailing stop loss and stay long. However, the move has come so fast that any correction could be very steep. As a rule of thumb, day-traders should assume congestion will be visible at 50-point Nifty intervals.
Given that the market has moved by a significant amount, the VIX remains very low. This implies that the market is seriously under-pricing premiums on close to money Nifty options. This is classic behaviour close to market tops.
The Bank Nifty remains a key driver for any sustained trend. The financial index has broken through the 16,200 level. The futures are trading at premiums of close to 50 points above the spot index. The nearest support on a correction could be 15,975-16,000. Upside targets are difficult to call but 16,750 may be a possible target.
The market is happy with the ECB easing. The latest US payroll data and the official reaction has given most traders the impression that the Fed will not hike rates until 2015. Given high FII inflows the rupee could rise sharply, or the RBI may be forced into action to keep the rupee inside an acceptable band. The dollar could harden versus the Euro.
As mentioned above, September Nifty options premiums are low. The put-call ratios are in healthy zones. The three-month PCR is at 1.27 while the September PCR is just above 1.2. This implies market is not overbought despite the surge.
A look at the option chains does however indicate that traders don't think the market could go much higher in the short-term. The Nifty Call chain has massive open interest at September 8,200c and there's high OI through till 8,400c. The Put chain has a lot of OI down till 7500 with peak OI at 8,000p. Based on this, a short-term (say, three-session perspective) view implies the expectations are that the Nifty will not move outside of 8,000-8,400. However, if we're looking at the settlement, a move between 7,800 and 8,700 could be possible.
The spot Nifty index closed at 8,173 with the futures at 8192. A close-to-money bullspread of long Sep 8,200c (77) and short 8,300c (37) costs 40 and pays a maximum of 60. An in-the-money bearspread of long Sep 8,200p (86) and short 8,100p (49) costs 37 and has a maximum payoff of 63.
These are attractive because4 they are so close to money.
The bearspread is quite tempting with a good risk: reward ratio. A trader could go wider. A long 8,300c (37) and short 8,400c (14) costs 23 and pays a maximum 77 while a long 8,100p (49) and short 8,000p (22) costs 27. Combining these two spreads, we get a long 8,100p, long 8,300c, short 8,000p and short 8400c. This costs at maximum 44 and has a maximum payoff of 56 with breakevens at 8,056, 8,344.
 Advertisements

Logistics companies gain ahead of Snowman s listingLast Updated at 10:41 PM IST
Logistics companies gain ahead of Snowman's listing
Shares of India's logistics firms rose ahead of the listing of rival cold storage company Snowman Logistics in the next few weeks. Gati jumped 10 per cent, Container Corp of India gained 2.6 per cent, Balmer Lawrie and Co advanced 3.13 per cent. Snowman's initial public offer was subscribed 59.75 times, NSE data shows. Container Corp traded at 20.8 times of its 12-month forward earnings by Reuters data, Snowman's offering is likely to be priced at around 29 times, traders add.
Shares of India's logistics firms rose ahead of the listing of rival cold storage company Snowman Logistics in the next few weeks. Gati jumped 10 per cent, Container Corp of India gained 2.6 per cent, Balmer Lawrie and Co advanced 3.13 per cent. Snowman's initial public offer was subscribed 59.75 times, NSE data shows. Container Corp traded at 20.8 times of its 12-month forward earnings by Reuters data, Snowman's offering is likely to be priced at around 29 times, traders add.
 Advertisements

Miliband seeks TUC support for No voteLast updated: September 8, 2014 6:52 pm
Trade union split proves awkward for Ed Miliband
By Jim Pickard, Chief Political Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9aa34dfe-376c-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Making laws for  glocal  economyMaking laws for 'glocal' economy
Sudipto Dey |  Sep 07, 2014 10:35 PM IST
A recent Reserve Bank of India (RBI) circular reiterating the need to follow a two-level authentication process for any credit or debit card transaction online for a service or product delivered and consumed within India seems to have set the proverbial cat among the pigeons in the e-commerce sector.
The move, aimed at making such transactions more secure and ensuring a level playing field, might force a few foreign e-commerce brands doing business in India to tweak their business models.
There is also a need to update laws to keep pace with the burgeoning growth in India's nascent $2-billion e-commerce segment, expected to add 100 million customers by 2020.
Security vs convenience
RBI's precedence to security concerns over customer convenience might mean the end of the road for single-click customer experience for transactions in which both the service provider and the customer are local, such as booking cab services and hotels.
"As we evolve as a cashless economy and at a time when consumer-protection laws are evolving, RBI has to ensure security and protection of the customer while using alternate cashless payment methods…balancing this with convenience than convenience alone," says an RBI spokesperson.Globally, many countries such as the UK, France, Canada and some Asian nations follow a two-level validation mechanism.
The US follows an EMV-chip system that involves card authentication, card holder verification and transaction authorisation.
In 2011, RBI had hauled up the airline sector through a notification. It had asked foreign airlines to discontinue the practice of using foreign banks for settlement of rupee transactions on account of the sale of air tickets in India.
Business case for global players
The central bank's recent circular was triggered by complaints by the competitors of Uber Technologies that the San Francisco-based provider of niche cab services had violated Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA) norms and didn't have in place a second level of authentication. Uber didn't respond to emailed questions on the issue.
Senior executives from the e-commerce segment say it makes business sense to offer a global service through a single-payment gateway rather than use multiple payment systems across many countries.
The e-commerce economy doesn't recognise geographical or national boundaries. As a result, tax implications of doing business out of a country and meeting specific local laws are a sore point.
Meeting local laws
A common grudge among local administrations across countries is many e-commerce companies house their payment gateways in tax-efficient jurisdictions. It is, therefore, challenging for tax authorities to monitor and ensure foreign e-commerce players meet local tax obligations. "RBI must keep a tab on such practices, as many international merchants avoid paying corporate taxes and service tax on the commission earned," says Vishwas Patel, chief executive of Avenues India, which owns CCAvenue, a leading online payment gateway brand.
Going ahead, international e-commerce companies such as Uber Technologies will have to offer their services either through an Indian payment gateway or appoint agents to operate the service locally on their behalf or use other modes of transaction, including cash. Use of pre-paid wallets will gain traction, says Jitendra Gupta, founder, Citrus Pay, an Indian payment gateway provider.
Updating laws
Even as some foreign e-commerce companies re-assess their business models, many in the segment, as well as in the legal fraternity, feel laws need to be updated to keep pace with changes in technology.
For instance, FEMA has to keep pace with growth in mobile commerce, says Pallav Pradyumn Narang, partner in chartered accountant firm Arkay & Arkay.
Vaibhav Parikh, partner, Nishith Desai Associates, says to strike a balance between security concerns and customer convenience, second-level authentication should be made optional. "FEMA should not apply to small transactions," he adds. Some tax and legal experts feel RBI should come out with a negative list of transactions. "We hope RBI will soon come out with an enabling framework of regulations, clearly stating what type of transactions are freely permitted, which transactions are prohibited, and which type of transactions need specific approvals," says Hitesh Gajaria, partner, KPMG India.
As of now, the central bank appears to have an open mind on the issue. "We are already working on making the card experience as close to cash as possible," says an RBI spokesperson.

Delhi HC joins dots on indirect transfer debateDelhi HC joins dots on indirect transfer debate
Mukesh Butani |  Sep 07, 2014 10:33 PM IST
In a ruling demonstrating wise judicial discipline, the Delhi High Court (HC) recently upheld non-taxability of sale of shares in an offshore company reasoning out that shares of target company didn't derive substantial value from assets located in India.
The HC dismissing Revenue's writs against rulings of the Authority for Advance Rulings (AAR), has upheld that share sale transaction between Copal Group shareholders (sellers) and Moody Analytics US, (buyer) were not designed to avoid tax.
A pleasing outcome of the ruling is the 'obiter' on 'substantial value' test as the court held that sale of shares of overseas holding company couldn't be brought to tax in India, since shares derived less than 50 per cent of their value from assets located in India (i.e. shares of Copal India).
The HC verdict also underscored the important principle of 'commercial rationale' underlying a transaction while approving capital gains exemption for transfer or entities under the tax treaty. This will serve as reference, going forward for invoking treaty abuse provisions, in the absence of General Anti-Avoidance Rules.
The ruling entails the first-ever judicial analysis of 'substantial value' test in the domestic jurisprudence and assumes significance in the wake of the ongoing debate on Vodafone-controversy emerging from a favourable ruling of the apex court which led to the retrospective law change in 2012. Following amendments in Finance Act 2012, to section 9 of the Income Tax law, the tax administration has upped its ante on Vodafone-like transactions, often disregarding the most important trigger for taxability of such transaction, i.e. 'substantial' value test enshrined in Explanation 5 to section 9, ostensibly in the absence of definitive administrative guidance to enforce the draconian 2012 law.
The ratio of Copal ruling should please investors, as the HC didn't hesitate from taking a bold view on definitional aspect of the statute, particularly when the lawmakers did not explicitly ascribe meaning to the term 'substantial' in the context of indirect transfer tax.
In doing so, the court has placed definitive reliance on the Direct Taxes Code (DTC) Bill, albeit of 2010 version, and recommendations of the Expert Committee Chaired by Dr Shome, both of whom had unequivocally advocated a 50 per cent asset value threshold. Supplementary interpretational aids drawn upon by the HC from international commentaries on tax treaties (under OECD and UN Model) is encouraging, as it reinforces the judiciary's confidence in bilateral conventions, particularly in the matter of administering sophisticated portions of tax statutes dealing with cross- border matters.
What pleasantly surprises me is the short shrift accorded by the HC to the revised DTC Bill (of 2013) which prescribes a lower 20 per cent threshold for applying the 'substantial value' trigger. Now, an important question before the lawmakers is whether the court's verdict (albeit an obiter), could assail against the lower threshold and prevail whilst the newly appointed special committee of the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) commences review of cases on taxability of indirect transfers, a step taken by the new government in 2014 budget to address the woes of foreign investors.
Legal effect of 'obiter'
It is trite that a court judgment is a decision on the facts of the case, and would bind the parties on the principle of res judicata; however, insofar as the binding nature of any such verdict is concerned, what should bind the administration and subordinate courts is the ratio decidendi, ie the underlying legal principle pronounced by the court, and not the decision per se. Ordinarily, whilst there are certain judicial principles to suggest that an obiter dicta of the apex court ought to be binding on lower authorities /courts (though there are contrary rulings too), the same legal effect or precedence value may not be accorded to HC's obiter. This however, does not preclude the administration from relying on the HC's observations.
Taxability of indirect transfer hangs in balance
The hierarchy of courts' judicial action and binding effect thereof could be a legal debate, what however intrigues me is the conundrum taxpayers will have to deal with for doing business in India in general, and for India to take the indirect transfer debate to its logical conclusion.
For one, the Revenue's Special Leave Petition before the Supreme Court in Sanofi case is an outcome keenly anticipated by investors; on the other hand, multiple writs under Article 226 Bombay and Calcutta HC will only keep the investors conjecturing the constitutionality of retrospective amendments as much as the final contours of administrative guidance for interpreting the 'substantial value' test. Besides, the incumbent government's abstinence in not withdrawing retrospective amendments and a move to address via administrative committee under the tax administration complicates matters for investors.
Since the FM in his 2014 Budget speech announced that he would instead await the judicial view on this debate, I wonder if this is his opportunity to pick cues from the logic espoused by the HC's obiter on substantial value test, and carry out appropriate legislative amendment.
It would be certainly regressive for the administration to consider filing an appeal against the HC verdict on the pretext of the lower threshold test proposed by the DTC Bill of 2013. This is certainly an opportunity to join the dots and put a full stop to a debate which has attracted negative press for India in the past few years.
(Assisted by Sumit Singhania)

India vs England T20 LIVE: Kohli scores fifty  as India cruise alongIndia vs England T20 LIVE: Kohli scores fifty  as India cruise along
Satyam scam: Raju  others move SAT against disgorgement orderSatyam scam: Raju moves SAT against disgorgement order
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 08, 2014 12:40 AM IST
Facing a Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) order to cough up Rs 1,849 crore plus interest for making “unlawful gains” in Satyam scam, the erstwhile information technology major’s founder-chairman B Ramalinga Raju and four others have approached the Securities Appellate Tribunal against the market regulator.
The Tribunal has listed all the five pleas, filed separately, for hearing on Monday to consider their “admission”.
Closing five-and-a-half year long probe into the country's biggest corporate fraud, Sebi on July 15 barred erstwhile Satyam Computer’s then Chairman B Ramalinga Raju and four others from markets for 14 years and asked them to return Rs 1,849 crore worth of unlawful gains with 12 per cent interest resulting into total disgorgement amount of over Rs 3,000 crore.
Others facing the prohibitory orders include Raju’s brother B Rama Raju (then managing director of Satyam), Vadlamani Srinivas (ex-CFO), G Ramakrishna (ex-vice president) and V S Prabhakara Gupta (ex-head of internal audit).
A Sebi order can be challenged before the SAT within 45 days of the directions being passed. While the two Raju brothers filed their present appeals against Sebi order on Friday, Srinivas, Ramakrishna and Gupta moved their respective pleas a few days earlier.
According to the market regulator’s order, the money was asked to be deposited with the regulator within 45 days, while interest would be levied at 12 per cent per annum with effect from January 7, 2009, the day this mega-scam came to light through a letter written by Raju himself.
The disgorgement amount can exceed Rs 3,000 crore after taking into account the applicable interest payments.
In its 65-page order, Sebi said these five persons "have committed a sophisticated white collar financial fraud with pre-meditated and well thought of plan and deliberate design for personal gains and to the detriment of the company and investors in its securities".
The regulator, which had exercised the powers given to it through promulgation of an ordinance for passing disgorgement orders, further said that the "financial frauds as found in this case are inimical to the interests of the investors in securities and endanger the market integrity".
Later last month, a new law was notified to replace this Ordinance with Securities Laws Amendment Act, which has amended three key securities market Acts to grant greater powers to Sebi to take on fraudsters and other market manipulators.
Sebi's Whole-Time Member Rajeev Kumar Agarwal said in his Satyam order: "I am convinced that this is a case where befitting enforcement action is necessary to send a stern message to the market to create an effective deterrence.

NTPC may be forced to tap international solar power suppliersNTPC may be forced to tap international solar power suppliers
Press Trust of India | Kolkata Sep 07, 2014 08:20 PM IST
Country’s largest power company NTPC may be forced to tap international solar plant suppliers due to shortage in domestic capacity.
NTPC was laying emphasis on developing a solar power portfolio and had invited tender for 1,000 Mw of solar power project open to only domestic suppliers.
“We have already invited tender for 1,000 Mw. But, after discussions we have indications that the available capacity to supply by domestic solar plant could be only around 300 Mw a year,” NTPC chairman Arup Roy Choudhury told PTI during a recent visit to city.
NTPC has an aggressive target and aims to set up 3,000 Mw of solar power projects over the next 3-3.5 years, he said. “If domestic supply is unable to meet our demand then we may consider overseas suppliers,” Roy Choudhury said.
NTPC was in talks with states like Madhya Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh and Rajasthan, who are keen on developing solar energy parks, Choudhury said.
He said based on benefits from the 3,000 Mw then the company and will take a commercial call to extend expansion of solar power portfolio.
Meanwhile, the company was executing thermal power projects worth 22,000 Mw and another 8,000-10,000 Mw capacity was in pipeline.

All set for tsunami mock drillUpdated: September 8, 2014 00:25 IST
All set for tsunami mock drill
Y. Mallikarjun
The Hindu Scientists working at the Tsunami Early Warning Centre of the Indian National Centre for Ocean Information Services in Hyderabad. Photo: M. Subhash
TOPICS
disaster and accident
On September 9 and 10, emergency response services will be put to test
The Indian Tsunami Early Warning Centre (ITEWC) is all geared up to participate along with 23 countries in a major two-day Indian Ocean-wide mock drill which will simulate tsunamis generated by two large undersea earthquakes on September 9 and 10 to test the emergency response services in the region.
ITEWC will participate in the drill as National Tsunami Warning Centre (NTWC) and also Regional Tsunami Advisory Service Provider (RTSP) for the Indian Ocean region, and would issue bulletins to all the 23 participating countries. Besides ITEWC, the national tsunami warning centres of Australia and Indonesia would act as RTSPs.
The mock drill, organised under the auspices of UNESCO’s Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission, is aimed at testing the Indian Ocean Tsunami Warning and Mitigation System (IOTWS). It is expected to increase preparedness, evaluate response capabilities in each country, the efficiency of communication among different agencies and improve coordination.
The first scenario on September 9 will simulate a magnitude 9.1 earthquake south of Java, Indonesia, and begin at 0530 hours IST. The second one will simulate a magnitude 9 quake in the Makran Trench, south of Iran and Pakistan, and begins at 1130 hrs IST on September 10. On both days, the drill will run in real time for 12 hours.
During the drill, ITEWC will disseminate 15 bulletins to control rooms of the Ministry of Home Affairs, the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA), coastal States, NDRF, the Coast Guard, the Indian Navy and critical coastal installations such as ports and power plants.
According to T. Srinivasa Kumar, in-charge of the National Tsunami Early Warning System, the mock drill would provide an opportunity to various agencies to test their preparedness and evacuate people during such an eventuality.
He said that ever since ITEWC became operational in 2007, about 37 undersea earthquakes with magnitude of above 6.5 had been recorded in the Indian Ocean. While technically, all the events could have generated tsunamis, ITEWC, through computational modelling, avoided false alarms. It issued warning to evacuate people in three islands in Andaman and Nicobar only once when a large undersea temblor of magnitude 8.7 occurred in April 2012.
He said a warning would be issued when a wave of more than two metres was expected to hit the coast within 60 minutes of the event.

Man Asks For Divorce Because He s Tired Of Sexreddit
We've heard of people divorcing over a sexless marriage , but divorcing over too much sex? You don't hear that one every day.
Apparently, one man was recently granted a divorce by a Mumbai family court because he could no longer deal with his wife's "excessive and insatiable desire for sex."
According to The Times Of India , the sex-fatigued husband first approached the court in January, claiming that his wife was "aggressive, stubborn and autocratic" and that she'd be harassing him for sex since they married in April 2012.
The man told the court his wife forced medication on him to boast his sexual stamina and threatened to hook up with other men if she remained unfulfilled. Things got so bad, the husband had to be hospitalized for an uneasy stomach at one point.
In the end, the wife failed to appear before the court , so the divorce was granted.
Note: This article has been edited due to concerns about its tone with regard to a serious situation. We regret any offense that it may have given.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter .
More:

Taiwanese auto parts makers keen on IndiaTaiwanese auto parts makers keen on India
Press Trust Of India |  Sep 07, 2014 08:38 PM IST
Feeling that the business environment in India has improved after the Modi government came to power, a Taiwanese business delegation is here to explore possibility of cooperation in the auto sector with an aim of tapping the big market.
The auto parts makers have plans to set up manufacturing base for IT, electronic and precision parts for the auto sector and make the country an export hub to serve markets in Southeast Asia, West Asia and Africa.
"Demand of auto (in India) would increase and for Taiwan companies its a booming market. They have the capability and want a right partner to enter into this market," said Taiwan's deputy director general of the department of Investment Services, ministry of Economic Affairs, Bennet Wen-Bin Chen.
Chen was heading a delegation of investors from Taiwan in the auto parts and automobile electronics manufacturing sector to India.

HDFC Bank to open 24 branches in OdishaHDFC Bank to open 24 branches in Odisha
BS Reporter | Bhubaneswar Sep 07, 2014 08:27 PM IST
Private sector lender HDFC Bank plans to open 24 new branches in the state by the end of this fiscal, said a bank official.
"HDFC Bank is operating with 97 branches in the state at present. By the end of the financial year, there will be 121 branches in the state with addition of 24 new branches," Debashish Senapati, zonal head, Odisha, HDFC Bank, said at the launch of Secure Banking Programme. PK Jena, Regional Director, Reserve Bank of India, was present at the occasion.
The bank has opened 16 branches in unbanked locations since April, 2014. The private bank aims to cover all the 30 districts by opening branches in Boudh, Kandhamal and Nuapada districts where it does not have any presence. It also plans to open about 50 new ATMS in the state.
Under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana, HDFC bank has opened about 4,000 accounts in the state till now. The bank's credit-deposit ratio stood at about 72 per cent while the loan portfolio for the priority sector and farm sector were 32 per cent and 15 per cent of the total advances respectively. "Secure Banking Programme is an initiative undertaken by the bank to create customer awareness about safe banking practices. The programme will be rolled out across all 96 branches in Odisha," Senapati said. The programme comprises of a series of workshops to educate customers through presentations on the matters they need to be careful about for conducting banking transactions. This includes using a cheque, transacting at ATMs, using debit or credit cards at POS terminals, merchant outlets and online banking.
Other channels like ATM screens, mobile banking, and the HDFC Bank website will also be used to spread the message of Secure Banking to customers.

Immigration Activists Livid After Obama Delays Deportation ReliefImmigration Activists Livid After Obama Delays Deportation Relief
Posted:
Updated:
09/07/2014 12:59 am EDT
President Barack Obama will delay executive action on immigration until after the midterm elections. (AP Photo/Steven Senne) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
WASHINGTON -- Immigration reform groups warned Saturday that the president's decision to put off executive action on deportations until after the elections not only could depress the Latino and immigrant vote for Democrats in 2014 races, it might keep them from trusting the party well into the future.
The warning reflected a bitter disappointment within the community over the president's decision to push back his review of immigration policies, which was initially promised for the end of the summer. Democrats, particularly vulnerable senators, urged the president to pump the brakes. On Saturday, he acquiesced -- something Latino and immigration groups considered a betrayal by Democratic lawmakers and the White House.
It wasn't unexpected -- activists had been warned the news would come out, and it wasn't the first time the president had disappointed them -- but it was dispiriting.
"We know where Republicans stand, and what this shows now is that Democrats are also willing to throw Latinos and immigrants under the bus," said Cesar Vargas, director of the DREAM Action Coalition, a group of young undocumented immigrants who have encouraged voters to push for immigration reform.
If, in fact, Latinos and pro-immigration voters lose trust in Democrats, it will represent a remarkable self-inflicted wound by Obama. After months of Democrats hammering Republicans politically for blocking reform, Obama and those who urged him to delay action have now turned themselves into the enemies as well by making a big promise and backing out at the last minute.
"In a sense, the president is undermining his own argument that Republicans are to blame," said Chris Newman of the National Day Laborer Organizing Network, which has been pushing Obama to halt deportations for years. "The real danger of this moment is the president risks unifying opposition from both the left and the right in their distrust of the president's motivations on immigration."
Frank Sharry, executive director of the immigration reform group America's Voice, said that when Obama promised action by the end of the summer, advocates thought it meant the White House had already thought through political implications for the midterms.
"Guess not," he said. "Jerking around the Latino community on a defining issue amounts to political malpractice."
The White House defended its decision, arguing that delaying the review would prevent further damage to immigration reform's chances in the future.
"The reality the president has had to weigh is that we're in the midst of the political season, and because of the Republicans' extreme politicization of this issue, the president believes it would be harmful to the policy itself and to the long-term prospects for comprehensive immigration reform to announce administrative action before the elections," a White House official said.
The politics of immigration reform are far different than they were after the 2012 elections, when Latinos turned out for Obama in large numbers, in part celebrating his decision to give a deportation reprieve to young undocumented immigrants who came to the U.S. as children.
But the conventional wisdom that supporting immigration reform -- or at least not standing in the way of it -- is necessary to win elections doesn't hold true in the midterms. At-risk Democrats such as Sens. Kay Hagan of North Carolina, Mary Landrieu of Louisiana and Mark Pryor of Arkansas don't have large Latino voting populations to bolster them, and they could have been hurt politically if the president took unpopular action.
Some Democrats and pro-reform observers urged the White House to understand the politics: If Republicans took the Senate, immigration reform would be set back even further than it has been already. Anything that looked like overreach by the president could turn out more Republicans and independents who oppose him, thus hurting Democrats' chances to hold on to their seats.
Simon Rosenberg, president of the White House-allied group NDN/New Policy Institute, said the decision seemed like the "pragmatic" one so the administration can take action down the line.
"Immigration advocates should be careful to temper their reaction," he said in an email. "At the end of the day we are talking about a six week delay on an issue of enormous consequence. It is more important that it get done right than fast."
The politics on immigration in the midterms are not universal. Democratic Sen. Mark Udall, who is running for re-election in Colorado, said he was "disappointed" with Obama for the delay and with House Republicans for blocking broader reform.
"Taking action to keep families together, which is necessary only because of the House's failure to act on the U.S. Senate's bipartisan immigration reform bill, will target resources to deporting criminals and those who pose a safety threat to our communities or our national security," he said in a statement.
But to many advocates, the argument that action should be delayed to give immigration reform a chance has been heard before -- and proved to be ineffective in actually getting a bill passed. Obama initially said earlier this year that he would review his immigration policies to see what could be done administratively, then put those plans on hold in hopes that the House would take up immigration reform, a long shot considering it had been sitting on a bill passed by the Senate for nearly a year and hadn't passed any legislation of its own.
Obama said in June that he would move on his own after House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) said his chamber would not take up immigration reform this year.
Despite that, Boehner said Wednesday that the House could take up immigration next year, although with the caveat that it would happen only if Obama didn't take executive action and also met other GOP demands.
There's no indication that the delay will dampen criticism of the president. Boehner said in a statement after the announcement on Saturday that simply pushing back the decision wasn't enough.
"There is a never a 'right time for the president to declare amnesty by executive action, but the decision to simply delay this deeply-controversial and possibly unconstitutional unilateral action until after the election -- instead of abandoning the idea altogether -- smacks of raw politics," Boehner said in a statement.
Immigration reform advocates and Latino vote groups aren't planning to let the GOP off the hook, despite their disappointment. The Service Employees International Union, which works on Latino voter outreach, will continue its efforts against Republicans. The group's executive vice president, Rocio Saenz, said in an email that "SEIU is committed to exposing the real culprit on this issue."
But the group will face a community that has been given yet another reason to distrust the president's promises.
"When the president pledged to act, he raised expectations among those struggling in our broken immigration system -- he led them to believe that despite Republican intransigence, executive action was imminent, and their suffering would soon be addressed. In a word, he gave them hope," Rep. Raúl Grijalva (D-Ariz.), a supporter of reform, said in a statement. "The president's actions leave those who looked to him for hope feeling alone, ignored and used."
National Council of La Raza President Janet Murguía promised there would be backlash for Obama and Democrats.
"They might rest easier tonight knowing they've avoided another inconvenient political problem, but I guarantee that the dreams they have shattered today will haunt them far into the future," she said in a statement.
Related on HuffPost:

Bull run in India to continue till  18; buy now: Jim Walker08:00 am
In a very optimistic call, Jim Walker, MD, Asianomics expects the current bull run in Indian indices to continue till 2018. In an interview to CNBC-TV18, he says this is not the time to think about end of the bull run instead it is great time to buy into the market.
Key Indian indices are on a strong footing from the past few trading sessions with the Nifty and Sensex scaling fresh highs, courtesy supportive global cues and improving macro data back home.
He further adds that signals that one is receiving from the new government in India are improving and on the macro-economic front as well, there are many positive developments.
On specific sectors, Walker finds value in industrial and cyclical stocks. He says the industrial midcap space holds the best value right now.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Jim Walker's interview with CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy
Sonia: 8,140 on the Nifty, at what stage of this bull run are we in?
A: I think you might be talking about 2017-2018 before this bull run is finished. We do have a global economy that is looking for growth and turns in the business cycle and India is providing that. I do not think we could be thinking about the end of the bull run anytime soon.
Latha: What sense you are getting about flows into India, do you think that they are going to remain robust even with the market scaling all time high?
A Other things depend on whether or not the market can deliver returns in the future.That is again dependent on economic growth and government decision making as regards getting the infrastructure programme moving and facilitating economic growth. But the good news is that everything we have seen so far in the last few months and from the bottoming of the Indian economy in a natural sense, the business sector has deleveraged and repaired its balance sheets and now beginning to pick up steam again.The segments from government although improving by organisation and the bureaucracy, trying to facilitate decision making and infrastructure development and infrastructure spending are very positive development for India. This means nominal GDP growth rate will go up and the company sector corporate earnings are going to surprise on the upside. I am not very sure that Indian stocks are very expensive at the moment. I think on two-three year view they are quite cheap.
Sonia: What should the stock wise or rather the portfolio approach be for investors now?
A: We still think that there is some very good value in Indian industrials and cyclical sector. We think it’s early to be very heavily exposed to the banking sector for example, but we still think the industrial midcaps space holds value just now. 
RELATED NEWS

Patent win to help co gain Europe mkt share : Poly MedicureSep 08, 2014, 02.56 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Patent win to help co gain Europe mkt share : Poly Medicure
The European safety catheter market is seen at USD 250 million. Himanshu Baid, MD of Poly Medicure, believes with these patent wins, and given a 2-3 year horizon, the company can gain 6-7 percent market share
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Patent win to help co gain Europe mkt share : Poly Medicure
The European safety catheter market is seen at USD 250 million. Himanshu Baid, MD of Poly Medicure, believes with these patent wins, and given a 2-3 year horizon, the company can gain 6-7 percent market share
Post your opinion here
Traders Only
Poly Medicure , manufacturers of medical devises, won a 5-year long patent battle versus German firm B Braun. The European Patent Office (EPO) revoked two of B Braun’s patents and Himanshu Baid, managing director of Poly Medicure, expects it to be a huge positive for the company.
He says the patent win will help the company gain a firm foothold in Europe. The patents are for intravenous safety catheters. The European safety catheter market is seen at USD 200 million. Baid believes with these patent wins, and given a 2-3 year horizon, the company can gain 6-8 percent market share.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Himanshu Baid's interview with Reema Tendulkar & Nigel D'Souza on CNBC-TV18.
Nigel: Could you give us some numbers with regards to what exactly has transpired in this case?
A: There was a patent case with a German company, B Braun and they were stopping us from launching our safety device into the European markets and some other markets. We were fighting this battle in European court and recently we have got two patents knocked out from the same family of IV catheters and our customers can now freely sell the products in the European market. The market size in Europe for this kind of product is close to USD 200 million and its completely dominated by two-three big companies. So, we were trying to get some entrance into that market and with these two judgements which we have got, we will get some favourable response from the market.
Reema: Can you give us some numbers. You indicated that the market size would be USD 200 million and there are few large players in it but how much are you expecting or hoping to garner from this USD 200 million market?
A: If we take two-three year horizon then we should be able to get between 6-8 percent of the market share for this particular device.
Reema: Any other patents in this particular market that you could win?
A: Our Company has filed more than 50 patents and some of them are already granted and some of them are in the state of grant. So, as we get more and more patterns, we will be able to launch more and more safety devices into Europe and other markets.
Poly Medicure stock price
On November 20, 2014, Poly Medicure closed at Rs 883.80, up Rs 3.80, or 0.43 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 971.35 and the 52-week low was Rs 306.50.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 26.94 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 32.81. The latest book value of the company is Rs 65.43 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 13.51.
RELATED NEWS

Govt scientists must take classes in schools'Govt scientists must take classes in schools'
Aditi Nigam
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 8:  
Government scientists will have to mandatorily take classes in schools. They must also take undergraduate courses with no extra honorarium, Union Minister Jitendra Singh said at a press conference on Monday.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Buy Britannia Industries  target Rs 1350: Pritesh Mehta01:30 pm
Pritesh Mehta, Senior Technical Analyst at IIFL told CNBC-TV18, " Britannia Industries  could do well in next couple of weeks as well. The stock has seen a rally right from the month of June till August and thereafter the rally took a pause. It took a shape of a pennant pattern. Now these kinds of pattern are normally found in an uptrending counter. Since it is a continuation pattern in nature, in today’s trade it has broken out. So buy the stock for a target of Rs 1,350."
At 15:29 hrs Britannia Industries was quoting at Rs 1,275, up Rs 10.40, or 0.82 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 1,285 and an intraday low of Rs 1,260.90.
Disclosure: We might have recommended the idea to our clients but have no personal holdings.
RELATED NEWS

This Reinvented Pizza Box Is Positively Geniusreddit
The only flawed thing about pizza is the pizza box. It consumes a tremendous amount of refrigerator space and is terribly difficult to dispose of: It calls for strong arms and a foot-stomping jig to fit inside any conventionally-sized garbage can.
GreenBox, a "revolutionary re-design of the pizza box" has the potential to change pizza's single pitfall. From the outside, GreenBox looks like any average pizza box.
But the contraption does much more than cumbersomely transport a pie.
The top of the box is perforated to tear into four serving plates, a feature that nixes the need for dish-ware. This certainly amplifies pizza's convenience factor.
The bottom of the GreenBox turns into a storage container half the size of a pizza box -- which is wonderfully suitable for leftovers.
Jennifer Wright, GreenBox's president, told HuffPost that this concept was originally envisioned for birthday parties, parks and picnics. To the company's initial surprise, the feature is popular among late night office dwellers. These workers may order a full pie to the office for dinner, but toss the uneaten slices when they leave (or, attempt to shove an enormous pizza box into the shared office kitchen). The compact option makes bringing pizza home, or storing it in said fridge, simple. Wright says this little box could even fit in a purse or backpack -- though one has to wonder about the oil dripping out.
These smart boxes are sold to several pizza box distributors around the country, including Performance Food Group and U.S. Foods . Wright says half of the Whole Foods in the U.S. use GreenBox in their stores. They're also crafted from 100 percent recycled and recyclable corrugated cardboard, a fact that will satisfy any tree-hugging pizza lover.
Does this invention make you love pizza any more than you already did? Or would that be impossible?
Want to read more from HuffPost Taste? Follow us on Twitter , Facebook , Pinterest and Tumblr .
Also on The Huffington Post
Close
America's Most 'Life-Changing' Pizzas, According To Esquire
of

Buy Tide Water Oil; target of Rs 16380: ICICIdirectLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Tide Water Oil; target of Rs 16380: ICICIdirect
ICICIdirect.com is bullish on Tide Water Oil and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 16380 in its September 5, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
ICICIdirect.com`s research report on Tide Water Oil
“The share price of Tide Water Oil embarked upon its bull run on the bourses since bottoming out in December 2011 (Rs 5378). Since then, it has yielded strong gains for investors. Earlier, after a four fold rally during 2008-10 (Rs2199-10192) the stock went into a secondary corrective phase during which it consolidated in the range of Rs 7800-5500 digesting the gains and gathering strength for the next big move. The stock price gathered fresh momentum in late 2013 after a two-year long consolidation and signalled the resumption of a primary up trend. The underlying strength in the trend can be gauged from the fact that the stock has remained unfazed by the market wide fluctuations in the last two and a half years and has held its bullish structure. The prominent feature of this bull phase has been a shallow nature of secondary corrections and stronger price rallies, which define a positive price structure. Recently, after rallying from Rs 7715 to its life-time highs of Rs 12673 during July 2014, the stock spent the entire August 2014 under consolidation range to work off the short-term overbought conditions. During the current week, the stock has given a fresh breakout above its previous high indicating resumption of primary up trend and provides a fresh entry opportunity to ride the next up leg.”
“The entire month long consolidation during August 2014 occurred near the 38.2% retracement (Rs 10780) of the preceding up leg (Rs 7718-12673). Lack of selling pressure and consistent demand at higher levels highlighted the strong appetite among investors to own the stock. The rising eight-week moving average (currently at Rs 11760) has remained a key support for the share price since then in case of short-term corrective declines. Among oscillators, the monthly MACD is seen in a rising trend forming higher high and diverging from its nine periods average signalling strong positive momentum in the stock. Buy Tide Water Oil in the range of Rs 13300–12800 for a target price of Rs 16380.00 with a stop loss below Rs 11550.00 on a closing basis,” says ICICIdirect.com research report.  
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Suggest some caution on tyre sector post run-up: Antique02:30 pm
With domestic rubber prices seeing the sharpest fall in five years to Rs 126 per kg, down 25 percent since January average of Rs 169/kg and from near Rs 153/kg a month ago in August, tyre companies sure have a lot to cheer for. The fall in prices is a big positive for tyre makers, says Basudeb Banerjee of Antique Stock Broking.
The fall in natural rubber prices is on the back of oversupply in the market due to increased plantation, slowdown in demand from China and oversupply in global markets from Thailand. Slowdown in domestic vehicles sales also caused demand slump, considering 65 percent of rubber consumption is from the auto industry.
In the synthetic rubber space too, fall in crude price led to a slump in crude derivatives costs.
Banerjee, however, expects the favourable margin scenario to reverse from FY16 end given the cyclical nature of the sector. He suggests some caution in tyre sector post the run up in prices.  JK Tyres is his top pick among automotives, followed by MRF .
RELATED NEWS

What is an IPO rating / gradingLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
What is an IPO rating / grading?
P V Subramanyam, Trainer & Author, subramoney.com explains what an IPO rating is
Post your opinion here
 
IPO grading is the grade assigned by a Credit Rating Agency, registered with SEBI, to the initial public offering (IPO) of equity shares or any other security which may be converted into or exchanged with equity shares at a later date. The grade represents a relative assessment of the fundamentals of that issue in relation to the other listed equity securities in India. Such grading is generally assigned on a five-point scale with a higher score indicating stronger fundamentals and vice versa as below.
IPO grade 1: Poor fundamentals
IPO grade 2: Below-average fundamentals
IPO grade 3: Average fundamentals
IPO grade 4: Above-average fundamentals
IPO grade 5: Strong fundamentals
IPO grading has been introduced as an endeavor to make additional information available for the investors in order to facilitate their assessment of equity issues offered through an IPO.
RELATED NEWS

Sarup Industries: AGM on Sept 29  2014Sep 08, 2014, 04.39 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sarup Industries: AGM on Sept 29, 2014
Sarup Industries has informed that the 35th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 29, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sarup Industries: AGM on Sept 29, 2014
Sarup Industries has informed that the 35th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Sarup Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the 35th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 29, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Sticking to original FY15 revenue guidance: TCS to analystsLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sticking to original FY15 revenue guidance: TCS to analysts
TCS is upbeat about its growth prospects for the rest of FY15, the management has told analysts at a conference call earlier in the day that it sees no reason to reduce the revenue growth guidance it gave at the beginning of the year.
Post your opinion here
Market Report
TCS  is upbeat about its growth prospects for the rest of FY15, the management has told analysts at a conference call earlier in the day that it sees no reason to reduce the revenue growth guidance it gave at the beginning of the year.
In line with its earlier projection, the company is expecting FY15 to be better than FY14 while the first half of the year, it says, would be stronger than the second half, reports CNBC-TV18’s Reema Tendulkar.
Growth in the banking and financial sector clients should be slightly better than what TCS saw in the previous quarter but on insurance, it is still seeing some softness. On some smaller verticals, which fared well last quarter -- like media -- growth over there should moderate and come down to the company average, the company said.
Speaking about geographies, TCS said India which, saw growth in the previous quarter, will see growth this quarter as well but it is still in a watch mode for the country. Japan will contribute closer to the lower end of the guided range of USD 300 to 375 million for the nine months.
With respect to the currency impact, it said that the rupee depreciation against dollar will have a 10 basis points positive impact on the rupee revenue. But the depreciation of pound as well as euro versus the US dollar will have a negative impact of 80 basis points on the reported dollar revenue versus other constant currency growth.
On margins, the management has indicated that there will be a negligible impact of currency on the margins but in the previous quarter you saw 79 basis points hit on the margin, which was due to the one-time change in the depreciation policy. So that benefit which ideally would have been there for TCS this quarter will be offset on account of consolidation in Japan.
And other income this quarter will be lower by Rs 300 crore on a quarter-on-quarter (Q-o-Q) basis.
RELATED NEWS

