Re-auction 218 coal blocks  try to save 40: Centre to SCWe want re-auction of 218 coal blocks and will be happy if we save some 40 of them which are ready for use: Centre. (Source: IE archive)
Summary
We want re-auction of 218 coal blocks and will be happy if we save some 40 of them which are ready for use: Centre.
Tweet This
Government on Monday told the Supreme Court that it “wants re-auction of all 218 coal blocks” declared as illegal allocation but sought its indulgence to “exempt” 40 of them which are functional and ready for the end use power plants.
“Government stands by the August 25 judgement. We want re-auction of 218 coal blocks. We will be happy if we save some 40 of them which are functional or operational and ready for end use plant,” Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said while making clear the stand of the Narendra Modi Government before a bench headed by Chief Justice R M Lodha.
However, the Attorney General said the 40 mines for which requisite clearances have been on board and are operational must not be treated with “one brush” and “can be exempted” from cancellation and re-auction, provided they meet the condition of compensating the loss of Rs 295 per tonne caused to the government and enter into a power purchase agreement at Rs 95 per tonne to make up the loss.
He said there was a need for saving 40 coal blocks from “guillotine of cancellation” as uncertainity of coal availability would affect the plants, when the country is facing acute shortage of power supply.
Rohatgi said Government was not in favour of setting up of any committee comprising its retired judges as suggested by the apex court to analyse the consequences of the verdict on the allocation which has been held as illegal.
“We don’t want any committee. If it has to go, all (coal block allocations) must go. My thought is the Government view,” Rohatgi told the bench, also comprising justices Madan B Lokur and Kurian Joseph.
While asking the Centre to file an affidavit on its stand, the bench said, “Union is very clear that auction should take place. They are very clear that all the 218 coal blocks be put under auction”.
“The allocations have been found to be altogether illegal. Therefore it (centre) wants to start from a clean slate,” the bench observed.
During the hearing, Rohatgi said like the 40 operational mines, there are six others which are “absolutely in readiness” to be operational for end use plant and if the verdict has to be strictly followed “all have to be cancelled with one stroke of brush”.
Tags:

Smriti Irani slams politicisation of Centres Teachers Day plansSmriti Irani rejected reports that the Centre was celebrating the day as 'Guru Utsav', saying it was the name of an essay competition. (Source: PTI)
Summary
Tweet This
Amidst a row over Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s planned interaction with students on Teachers’ Day, Human Resource Development Minister Smriti Irani on Monday said that the participation of students in the event was “voluntary”.
She also rejected reports that the Centre was celebrating the day as ‘Guru Utsav’, saying it was the name of an essay competition and wondered if those criticising her were doing it deliberately for political reasons.
She stressed that September 5, the birth anniversary of former President the late S Radhakrishnan, will continue to be celebrated as ‘Teachers’ Day’.
“This particular activity is voluntary in nature. If it is being politicised, then I would say it is regrettable,” Irani told reporters when asked about the objections raised in some states over the Centre’s directive to them to ensure students’ participation in the event.
States like West Bengal have voiced dissent over the entire exercise with its Education Minister Partha Chatterjee saying they have little time in which to make the necessary arrangements for it.
The scheduled timing of the prime minister’s speech, from 3 P.M. to 4.45 P.M. has also come under attack from parties like Congress.
Reacting sharply, Irani said, “If the prime minister of a free India does not have the freedom to interact with students, then it is ridiculous.”
As to the ‘Guru Utsav’ row, Irani said her ministry had sent a representation to all states about an essay competition under that title in their language. She claimed that over 1.3 lakh students have already taken part in the contest.
“I don’t know how it all started. Those who are commenting either don’t know the facts or are doing it wilfully for political reasons,” she said.
Modi is to give a pep-talk to about 1,000 selected students at the Manekshaw Auditorium here on September 5. The programme, which will see Modi interact with the students and take questions via video conferencing facility, will be beamed live to over 18 lakh government and private schools in the country through Doordarshan and education channels.
Tags:

Pak Army Chief meets Sharif; reports say asked PM to step downSupporters of anti-government Muslim cleric Tahir-ul-Qadri chant slogans during a protest close to Prime Minister's home in Islamabad, Pakistan on Monday, Sept. 1, 2014. (Source: AP)
Summary
Both the government and military issued separate denials, dismissing the claims of army asking PM to step down as "baseless".
Tweet This
Fresh controversy erupted after Pakistan’s powerful Army Chief on Monday met Premier Nawaz Sharif to discuss ways to resolve the deepening political crisis with media reports claiming that the embattled Prime Minister was advised to step down during the meeting.
After TV channels reported that Army Chief General Raheel Sharif has advised Prime Minister Sharif to step down, both the government and military issued separate denials, dismissing the claims as “baseless”.
ALSO READ: OPINION | Because Pakistan crossed the line
Duniya TV reported that Gen Sharif has asked the Prime Minister to resign for a temporary three-month period as demanded by protesters to let an independent commission probe alleged rigging in last year’s general election.
Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf chairman Imran Khan and Tahir-ul-Qadri of the Pakistan Awami Tehreek have been demanding that Sharif should step down for a limited period so that claims of rigging can be investigated.
A government spokesperson immediately denied and denounced rumours broadcast on TV channels. The spokesperson termed the rumours “baseless” and “fake”. Military spokesperson Major Gen Asim Bajwa also denied the reports, tweeting, “News of #Army #Chief asking #PM to resign or going on leave is baseless.”
MORE ON THE STORY: 3 dead in protests, Pakistan army meets, says won’t back off ‘playing its part’
Prime Minister Sharif’s daughter Maryam Nawaz Sharif also dismissed the news reports as misinformation”. The Army Chief and the Prime Minister discussed the prevailing security and political situation, a senior leader of Sharif’s Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) told PTI.
Gen Sharif also informed the Premier about yesterday’s meeting of Corps Commanders. “The Prime Minister affirmed that no decision against the Constitution of the country and the will of Parliament will be taken,” the PML-N leader said.
Reaffirming “support to democracy”, the army yesterday reviewed with “serious concern”, the existing political crisis and the violent turn it has taken, resulting in large scale injuries and loss of lives.
The generals, who have ruled Pakistan for more than half of its history since independence from Britain in 1947, said that the “situation should be resolved politically without wasting any time and without recourse to violent means”.
Khan wants the PML-N government’s ouster over alleged rigging in last year’s poll which his party lost, while Qadri wants to bring a revolution in the country. Both the leaders are agitating since August 14.
Tags:

527th marriage anniversary of Guru Nanak Dev celebratedTweet This
The 527th marriage anniversary of Guru Nanak Dev, the founder of Sikh religion, was on Monday celebrated in this industrial town of Punjab with enthusiasm and traditional fervor.
Hundreds of devotees from all walks of life participated in a religious procession, which started from Gurudwara Dehra Sahib, where the marriage of Guru Nanak Dev was solemnized.
The holy book Guru Granth Sahib was placed in a palanquin where devotees showered flowers. The town was decorated on the occasion.
A police team led by Batala Senior Superintendent of Police Manminder Singh welcomed the procession outside the police headquarters here.
The representatives of various social, religious, non-government organisations and political parties also took part in the procession, he said.
Elaborate security arrangements were made to prevent any untoward incident and to maintain law and order, he said.
Community kitchens were put up at every locality along the procession route.
Tags:

Sensex spurts 215 points on strong GDP growth data; Nifty up 73 pointsSensex spurts 215 points on strong GDP growth data; Nifty up 81 points
Our Bureaus
Metal, capital goods stocks hog the limelight
Chennai/Mumbai, Sept 1:  
The Sensex and the Nifty rose nearly one per cent at the closing session on Monday on the back of Modi-inspired rally and strong economic growth data for April-June quarter.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex surged 229.44 points to end at 26,867.55 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty gained 80.65 points to close at 8,035.
Barring FMCG, all other BSE sectoral indices ended significantly in the green. Among them, metal index gained the most by 2.79 per cent, followed by capital goods index 2.75 per cent, realty 2.72 per cent and power 2.6 per cent. Only FMCG index was down 0.67 per cent.
Top five Sensex gainers were Hero MotoCorp, Maruti, Tata Power, Hindalco and GAIL, while the top five losers were Sun Pharma, ITC, HDFC, BHEL and Tata Motors.
The Narendra Modi-inspired rally has lifted the 50-share NSE Nifty beyond 8,000-mark for the first-time ever in early trade.
The BSE Sensex too registered its new peak of 26,854.08 after the Government had last week announced a strong economic growth data for the April-June quarter.
The country's economy expanded at its fastest pace in more than two years in the April-June quarter at at 5.7 per cent in the first quarter of 2014-15.
Life-time peaks
Seventy stocks, including 8K Miles, Adi Finechem, Arvind, Blue Dart, ICICI Bank, IndusInd Bank, Kajaria Ceramics and Tech Mahindra, have registered their life-time peaks and 135 stocks have touched their new 52-week highs on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Gains in NTPC, Coal India, Hindalco, L&T, ICICI Bank and SBI helped Nifty to scale a record high of 8,022.7.As much as 65 stocks rose to their fresh 52-week high on the National Stock Exchange.
According to Nomua, green shoots are currently evident in the consumer discretionary, manufacturing and upstream infrastructure sectors. "As the industrial recovery broadens out, we expect the services sector to benefit. In our view, India is at the cusp of a multi-year growth recovery," it added.
Vivek Gupta, Director-Research, CapitalVia Global Research Ltd, said: “If everyone thought that the market just had an election rally and it would not sustain and those who are still sceptical on the current rise of the markets may have to change their way of thinking before it’s too late. During a bull market, even any big bad news doesn’t have any major impact on the markets.Investors those holding positions in market should hold their positions."
Investors should keep investing and better be stock-specific in their selections and focus on stocks and sectors which have not caught up to the rally till now. Any correction right now should not be anticipated as end of the market rally, rather it should be anticipated as an opportunity to invest, he added.
A report by Equentis Capital said: "Volatility likely to increase during the week as market will react on Q1 GDP data. Government released Q1 June GDP data on August 29, 2014 after market hours. Automobile companies start unveiling sales volume data for August 2014, PSU OMCs will be in focus as a monthly revision in diesel prices is due at the end of the month. PSU OMCs have been raising diesel prices by 50 paise per litre every month after the previous government in January 2013 allowed PSU OMCs to increase the retail selling price within a small range every month. HSBC Manufacturing PMI for August 2014 is due on September 1, 2014 and HSBC Services PMI for August 2014 is due on September 3, 2014."
European shares kicked off September on a flat note as investors weighed mergers and acquisitions speculation and expectations of new monetary largesse in Europe against tensions in Ukraine and weak economic data out of China.
European indices, FTSE-100 and CAC-40 were in the red, while DAX was in the green.
(This article was published on September 1, 2014)

Core industries growth slows to 2.7% in Julycore industries growth slows to 2.7% in july
Prefer Bajaj Auto  IOC: Parag Thakkarprefer bajaj auto  ioc: parag thakkar
E-commerce catches the eye of consumer durables companies this festivee-commerce catches the eye of consumer durables companies this festive
Partnership for prosperity rolled out during PMs Modi and Abe meetpartnership for prosperity rolled out during pms modi and abe meet
Narendra Modi talks to Japan  benefits to flow to Gujaratnarendra modi talks to japan  benefits to flow to gujarat
DDA launches Housing Scheme  response hugeStocks hit 52-week high as Sensex reach historic peak
With the BSE benchmark index Sensex surging to a historic peak of 26,900.30...
Companies
Sep 01, 2014
Nike applies for 100 pct FDI in single brand retail, wants to open its own stores in India
Sportswear firm Nike has applied for permission to open company-owned stores...

Military action leaves Lesotho in power vacuumComments
In this Sunday, Aug. 31, 2014 photo, army personnel man outside the military headquarters in Maseru, Lesotho. Lesotho's prime minister fled to South Africa in fear for his safety and will now meet with leaders of the region there to seek peace, he said Sunday. (Source: AP)
Summary
Tweet This
Police were off the streets and out of uniform in Lesotho’s capital on Monday, as the mountainous kingdom experienced a power vacuum after the military’s actions over the weekend caused the prime minister to flee the mountainous African country.
King Letsie III is appointing a Cabinet minister to run the country as both the prime minister and deputy prime minister are in neighboring South Africa, Foreign Affairs Minister Mohlabi Kenneth Tsekoa said Monday. It was not immediately clear who was named to run the nation of about 2 million that is completely surrounded by South Africa.
The military say they disarmed police in the capital, Maseru, on Saturday. Prime Minister Thomas Thabane called the actions a coup attempt but Lesotho Defense Forces say they only stepped in after getting information that police were planning to supply arms to participants in a demonstration.
There was little evidence of the conflict Monday in Maseru, but police at one of the attacked stations were walking in and out of the building in civilian clothes, not in uniform.
Experts expressed concern over who is running the country.
“Personally I don’t know who’s leading the country now that the leaders are outside the country. So you could say that there is probably a vacuum,” said Motlamelle Kapa, head of political studies at the University of Lesotho.
Residents expressed worry about their businesses and the future.
“I am a businessman, I am working with guys from overseas, so now it is not easy for them to come here and invest . All the projects that I’m doing now they might not go on,” said Hatahata Majora, who is self-employed.
Lesotho, though a poor country, is known for manufacturing clothes, its hydropower projects and the provision of water to South Africa.
Street vendor Lesesole Nyabela said the violence is threatening.
“I ask the government to reconsider and hope that it doesn’t happen again because our lives are in danger,” Nyabela said.
Thabane said he fled to South Africa in fear for his life and to consult with regional leaders there. Deputy Prime Minister Mothetjoa Metsing was put in charge, according to provisions in the constitution, but he is now in South Africa to attend the talks.
“In our constitution, the recent prime minister, if he’s outside or indisposed, the deputy prime minister automatically takes over. In the event that both are outside of the country, in accordance with the constitution, the king appoints a minister continued…

Japan lifts ban on six Indian entitiesPrime Minister Narendra Modi and Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe exchange files after signing an agreement at Akasaka Palace in Tokyo on Monday. (PTI Photo)
Summary
The removal of the ban will enable these companies to have cooperation with Japanese firms, including transfer of technology.
Tweet This
Japan Monday lifted ban on HAL and five other Indian entities, which had been imposed in the aftermath of the 1998 nuclear tests, amid Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s assertion that cooperation between the two countries in defence and security will get a “new direction”.
The lifting of the ban was announced by Modi at his joint media interaction with Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe here after their talks during which they discussed ways to enhance cooperation in various areas to make it Special Strategic and Global Partnership.
“Japan has decided to remove ban on some entities,” he said.
Sources later said the ban had been lifted on six entities, including Hindustan Aeronautics Limited. However, four entities still remain in the banned list.
The removal of the ban will enable these companies to have cooperation with Japanese firms, including transfer of technology.
After the talks, the two sides also signed an MoU in the field of defence, which provides for enhanced exchanges and exercises, including at multilateral level.
The two sides agreed to upgrade from Joint Secretary to Minister level the trilateral dialogue on defence and security which also involves the US.
“The defence MoU shows that we are keen to take our relationship to a new level,” Modi said.
“Defence cooperation will get a new direction. It will not be limited to talks and exercises but cooperation in technology and equipment,” Modi said.
The Tokyo Declaration said Modi and Abe decided to “intensify and invigorate” exchanges recognising the “special quality” of bilateral engagement imparted by multi-sectoral ministerial and Cabinet-level dialogues, in particular, those between their Foreign Ministers, Defence Ministers and Ministers dealing with finance, economy, trade and energy.
Modi welcomed the recent developments in Japan’s policy on transfer of defence equipment and technology and the two Prime Ministers expressed hope that this would usher in a new era of cooperation in defence equipment and technology.
They recognised the enormous future potential for transfer and collaborative projects in defence equipment and technology between the two countries, the declaration said.
They welcomed progress made in discussions in the Joint Working Group on cooperation in US-2 amphibian aircraft and its technology, and directed their officials to accelerate their discussions.
They also directed their officials to launch working-level consultations between the two countries with a view to promoting defence equipment and technology cooperation.
They underlined the importance of the 2 plus 2 dialogue, involving Foreign and Defence Secretaries, for their growing strategic partnership, and decided to seek ways to intensify this dialogue.
The two Prime Ministers reaffirmed the importance of defence relations between India and Japan in their strategic partnership and decided to upgrade and strengthen them, the declaration said.
They welcomed the signing of the Memorandum of Cooperation and Exchanges continued…

Three killed  11 missing in landslide in southwest ChinaTweet This
Three coal miners were killed and 11 others went missing after a rain-triggered landslide hit a county in southwest China’s Chongqing municipality On Monday.
The landslide occurred when 27 employees with the Yongfa coal mine in Yunyang County, were moving to a safe location after torrential rains lashed the area.
Twelve workers were buried after the landslide with one rescued later, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
Three workers were killed and 11 went missing in the landslide, officials said.
Up to 300 mm of rain drenched several townships in Yunyang, damaging 3,000 hectares of crops and forcing the evacuation of more than 5,000 people.
Rescue and relief work is under way in the affected areas. Heavy rains have hit many parts of Chongqing since yesterday morning.
Xianchi area of Yunyang County reported the highest precipitation of 287.5 mm in a day.
Communication has been cut-off due to rains in 17 towns in Wuxi County, also in Chongqing, the state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
Around 3,397 hectares of crops were affected and 66 km of roads were damaged in Wuxi, it said.
Heavy rainfall has been predicted in Chongqing tomorrow, which will dampen rescue efforts.
Meanwhile, at the site of another landslide that occurred five days ago in Guizhou Province, search operations have been wrapped up by rescuers, with bodies of all 23 victims rescued so far.
The local government is investigating the cause of the disaster. Villagers have blamed local phosphorus mining for weakening the mountain’s structure.
Tags:

SC reprimands lawyer for frivolous PIL on Netajis disappearanceThe Supreme Court on Monday came down heavily on an advocate for filing a frivolous PIL.
Summary
The SC came down heavily on an advocate for his regularly filing "hopeless and frivolous" petitions under the garb of PIL.
Tweet This
The Supreme Court on Monday severely reprimanded an advocate for his “contemptous conduct” and regularly filing “hopeless and frivolous” petitions under the garb of PIL and imposed an exemplary cost of Rs 50,000 for raking up the issue of the mysterious disappearance of Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose.
A bench, comprising Chief Justice R M Lodha and justices Kurian Joseph and R F Nariman, first imposed a cost of Rs one lakh on advocate Manohar Lal Sharma for filing the PIL in which he complained that the Centre and the Prime Minister’s Office were not disclosing information under the RTI Act on various aspects related to Bose.
The bench reduced the cost to Rs 50,000 after the advocate expressed his inability to meet the amount. In the order, the bench maintained that “this (PIL on Bose) is such a hopeless and frivolous litigation that it not only needs to be dismissed but has to be dismissed with exemplary cost as it is a waste of the court’s time to go into it.”
When, the advocate objected to exemplary cost by terming it as an “unfair order”, the bench came down heavy on him by reminding him of his earlier “hopeless and frivolous” PILs in which he was slapped with costs.
Further, the bench expressed its anguish that he appeared in the ‘petitioner-in-person’ matter by violating the apex court rule which prohibits lawyers from adorning gown and band, which in itself was a “contemptous conduct”.
The bench said it would not hesitate to refer his conduct to the Bar Council of India for taking disciplinary action.
Tags:

Bank A/Cs not inoperative if cheque credited...Bank accounts not inoperative if dividend cheque credited in 2 years
By PTI | 1 Sep, 2014, 09.11PM IST
A bank account become inoperative or dormant if no credit or debit transaction has been conducted for a period of two years.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI:The Reserve Bank today said bank accounts will not become inoperative if a dividend cheque has been credited in it in the previous two years.
"Since dividend on shares is credited to Savings Bank accounts as per the mandate of the customer, the same should be treated as a customer induced transaction.
"As such, the account should be treated as operative account as long as the dividend is credited to the Savings Bank account," RBI said in a notification.
A bank account become inoperative or dormant if no credit or debit transaction has been conducted for a period of two years.
RBI further said that such, the account should be treated as operative account as long as the dividend is credited to the Savings Bank account.
This clarification has been issued in view of the doubts raised by some bankers whether an account in which only dividend has been credited can be treated as inoperative after two years.

Tax Nostalgia - The Principles of Accrual (Part II)Tweet
Published on Mon, Sep 01,2014 | 21:27, Updated at Mon, Sep 01 at 21:28Source : Moneycontrol.com 
Taxsutra is running a series of articles that look back at important tax decisions through the years. In this second article of the series "Tax Nostalgia -  Walk down Memory Lane!" EY’s Anish Thacker writescontinues his analysis of the Supreme Court decision in the ED Sassoon case. You can read the article here and also follow the series on www.taxsutra.com

Centum Electronics director Palle Rama Rao resignsSep 01, 2014, 09.25 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Centum Electronics director Palle Rama Rao resigns
Centum Electronics has informed that Mr. Palle Rama Rao holding position of Non-executive Independent Director of the Company has resigned and ceased to be the Director of the Company with effect from August 01, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Centum Electronics director Palle Rama Rao resigns
Centum Electronics has informed that Mr. Palle Rama Rao holding position of Non-executive Independent Director of the Company has resigned and ceased to be the Director of the Company with effect from August 01, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Centum Electronics Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Palle Rama Rao holding position of Non-executive Independent Director of the Company has resigned and ceased to be the Director of the Company with effect from August 01, 2014.Source : BSE

Precision Containeurs: Outcome of board meetingSep 01, 2014, 09.25 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Precision Containeurs: Outcome of board meeting
Precision Containeurs board meeting at its meeting held on August 27, 2014, Board adopted the Board took note of the various provisions / amendments, if any, required to be made in the Articles of Association impacting the functioning of Board of Directors. The Board took note on the Related Party transactions.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Precision Containeurs: Outcome of board meeting
Precision Containeurs board meeting at its meeting held on August 27, 2014, Board adopted the Board took note of the various provisions / amendments, if any, required to be made in the Articles of Association impacting the functioning of Board of Directors. The Board took note on the Related Party transactions.
Post your opinion here
 
Precision Containeurs Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on August 27, 2014, inter alia, Board adopted the following:1. The Board took note of the various provisions / amendments, if any, required to be made in the Articles of Association impacting the functioning of Board of Directors.2. The Board took note on the Related Party transactions.3. The Board took note of the Responsibilities and duties of Independent Directors.Source : BSE

Pakistan political crisis: Imran  Qadri booked for treasonPrint
ISLAMABAD: Cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan and cleric Tahir ul-Qadri were on Monday booked for treason and attempted murder on a day when protesters led by them stormed into state television channel PTV's office and reached the gate of the Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's residence.
 
According to a report in Pakistan Today, the two leaders have been accused of inciting violence, attempting murder, robbery and interference in state affairs.
 
Clashes broke out early on Monday and the state PTV channel and its English-language PTV World service were taken off the air after protesters stormed its headquarters.
 
"PTV staff performing their journalistic duties are being beaten up," a news anchor said just before the screen went blank.
 
A PTV source told Reuters the protesters had occupied the main control room and smashed some equipment. Later, television pictures showed uniformed members of a paramilitary force and soldiers walking calmly into the building.
 
A Reuters witness said the soldiers escorted protesters out and placed the building under their protection. There were no signs of violence and the protesters were seen leaving peacefully. The station later came back on the air.
 
The protesters also made it to a gate that surrounds the prime minister's residence where they were met by paramilitary Rangers and army troops.
 
Protesters led by opposition leaders Imran and Qadri, a firebrand cleric, have been on the streets for weeks trying to bring down the government of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
 
Sharif, who easily won an election in May last year, has refused to step down. The demonstrations descended into deadly chaos on Saturday, with at least three people killed in clashes with police.
 
In the nuclear-armed nation where power has often changed hands through military coups rather than elections, the army is bound to play a key role in how the conflict unfolds but it has not directly intervened, apart from meeting the protagonists and calling on them to show restraint.
 
Army chief General Raheel Sharif met Prime Minister Sharif on Monday, said an army source who did not give details about what they discussed.
 
The army chief, who is not related to the prime minister, on Sunday urged the government and opposition leaders to resolve the crisis through talks and warned against the use of force to end the demonstrations.
 
If the protests get out of control and there is major violence, the army could step in decisively, imposing a curfew or even martial law.
 
Alternatively, it could side with the protesters and put pressure on Sharif to resign, in which case an interim government would have be put in place and early parliamentary elections held to elect a new government.
 
However, few observers believe at this stage that the army is bent on seizing power again.
 
A weakened Sharif would allow the army to remain firmly in charge of key issues such as relations with India and Afghanistan while allowing the civilian government to deal with day-to-day economic problems in which it has little interest.
 
DISAGREEMENTS
 
Some ruling party officials have accused elements within the military of orchestrating the protests to weaken the government.
 
The military insists it does not meddle in politics but it was known to be frustrated with the government, in particular over the treason trial of former military chief and ex-President Pervez Musharraf, who deposed Sharif in a 1999 coup.
 
There has also been disagreement on how to handle the Islamist militants attacking the state, and on relations with old rival India.
 
On Monday, despite heavy rain, crowds of protesters fought running battles with retreating police after breaking the main gate into the Pakistan Secretariat area which houses government ministries as well as Sharif's official residence.
 
As protesters charged towards police lines in the so-called Red zone - home to the prime minister's house, parliament and many foreign embassies - security forces could be seen retreating, with police huddled in groups and avoiding direct confrontation.
 
The protesters could be seen beating motorcycles and cars with their sticks as they advanced. They had tried to storm Sharif's house on Saturday night but were beaten back by police.
 
Sharif, who was prime minister twice in the 1990s, swept to office last year in Pakistan's first democratic transition of power. He is due to address both houses of parliament on Tuesday in an apparent effort to show that he is firmly in control.
 
But Sharif looks increasingly cornered in the conflict, and even if he survives the crisis he is likely to remain significantly weakened for the rest of his tenure.
 
The protesters out on Monday appeared to be from Qadri's camp.
 
Khan, who has refused to hold negotiations, says he would not call off the protests until Sharif resigns, urged his people to avoid any form of violence.
 
"Do not carry out any acts of violence. God has given us victory," Khan said from atop a shipping container at the main rally site.
 
Reflecting concern about security in the capital, all schools were closed on Monday, the start of a new academic year. (With inputs from agencies)
Recommend

Mavens Biotech: Outcome of AGMMavens Biotech: Outcome of AGM
Japan briefs India about World Assembly for Women in TokyoJapan briefs India about World Assembly for Women in Tokyo
Choksi Laboratories announces resignation of directorChoksi Laboratories announces resignation of director
Tata Motors August sales at 40 883 vehiclesTata Motors August sales at 40 883 vehicles
BJP leaders protest against power crisis  poor law and order situation in Uttar PradeshBJP leaders protest against power crisis, poor law and order situation in Uttar Pradesh
Press Trust of India
Tweet
Lucknow, September 1:  
BJP MPs from Uttar Pradesh on Monday started a day-long dharna in Lucknow as part of a state-wide agitation to protest against power crisis, poor law and order situation and other issues.
Around 50 MPs from the State have gone on a dharna at GPO park in Hazratganj to protest against power crisis, poor law and order situation and other public issues, BJP spokesman Vijay Bahadur Pathak said.
He said that similar dharnas were being held at the district level by local units.
The BJP had won 71 of 80 seats during Lok Sabha elections held earlier this year.
Pathak said the decision to stage a dharna was taken during the state executive meeting held in Vrindavan last month.
He said the MPs would submit a memorandum to Governor Ram Naik later in the day.
The spokesman alleged that the law and order situation could be gauged from the incidents of crime against women and girls.
“The State Government is not paying any attention on the issues related to the people.
“There is acute power crisis in the state, but the Government has not done anything to address it,” he alleged.
The dharna is not being held in 11 districts where by-elections for Vidhan Sabha and Lok Sabha are being held.
(This article was published on September 1, 2014)

Guru Utsav is just an essay contest‘Guru Utsav is just an essay contest’
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
New Delhi, September 1:  
Union Human Resource Development Minister Smriti Irani on Monday played down the controversy over renaming Teachers’ Day as ‘Guru Utsav’.
“There is unnecessary controversy on this matter. Gurutsav 2014 is just an essay competition, in all languages including Tamil, in which about 1.30 lakh students have participated,” she said.
Commenting on the Prime Minister’s planned interaction with students across the country on that day, she said: “It is an effort to facilitate conversation between PM, teachers and students.” Dismissing any pressure on schools to ensure participation during the Prime Minister’s address, she said that listening to him that day is voluntary. “If the Prime Minister of a free India does not have the freedom to interact with students, then it is ridiculous,” she added.
Regarding the country’s education policy, Irani, who was speaking to reporters at the BJP headquarters here, said IITs and IIMs will help in the development of curriculum
Education policy
The Government’s overall endeavour is to work for a national education policy, which hasn’t been revised post 1986, she said.
“IITs were asked to define certain goalposts which would be the foundation for devising school curriculum. In 20 days, they have identified 10 goalposts which we have shared with IIMs as well. These will be the foundation for the future curriculum,” she added.
(This article was published on September 1, 2014)

Swiss invites India Inc to raise fundsSwiss invites India Inc to raise funds
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, September 1:  
“Top quality paper from reputed Indian companies will find takers in Switzerland,” said Marco Estermann, Head — Issuer Relations, Six Swiss Exchange. The need for higher returns (given prevailing low interest rates there) and the cap on investments by pension funds offer an opportunity for well-rated Indian companies, he said.
Diversification of investor base and availing the advantages of a strong Swiss currency are the other benefits for such companies, he said. Indian telecom major Bharti Airtel raised about 350 million Swiss francs recently on this exchange. About 280 top international companies are listed on the exchange. Based on feedback from banks and investors and their experience, Marco said Indian companies which raise a minimum of 100 million Swiss francs in debt or about 70 -80 million Swiss francs in equity would find the fund-raising process beneficial.
The Swiss exchange is particularly strong in sectors, such as specialty chemicals, financial services and life sciences, Marco said. He pointed to the benefits of a cluster driven approach that enabled the listing of a number of peer group companies, leading to improved research coverage, specialised investors, improved trading liquidity and good valuation.
(This article was published on September 1, 2014)

Electronic trading in oilseeds helps boost volume growthElectronic trading in oilseeds helps boost volume growth
Vinita Advani
Exchanges provide hedging platform and are successful in efficient price discovery mechanism
September 1, 2014:  
After foodgrains, oilseeds play an important role in Indian economy. Oilseed crops are important cash crops as they are a source of foreign exchange and raw material to many industries. They can be used in crop rotation along with pulses. While edible oils form an important part of the human diet, oilseed cakes are used to feed cattle.
Nine oilseeds are cultivated in the country and the major edible oilseeds are groundnut, rapeseed, sesamum, nigerseed, safflower, sunflower and soyabean whereas the other two non-edible oilseeds are linseed and castor seed. India’s share in global production usually ranges from 7-8 per cent. But the area under oilseeds cultivation has increased over time with production increasing by more than five per cent with each year registering a growth of more than one per cent.
Productivity low
But the productivity is still low when compared to other oilseeds producing countries in the world. The main cause is low cultivation of oilseeds on account of switchover to other profitable crops and dependence on rainfall rather than on irrigation. Due to lower production, India imports pulses and oilseeds and also a significant portion of edible oil. To reduce dependency on imports and attain self-sufficiency, the Government has been striving with different action plans.
Oilseeds are renewable resources largely affected by weather conditions, crop production cycle and ongoing changes and fluctuation in global supplies and shifts in the markets. Usually every oilseed has its own demand-supply dynamics and a consequent change in demand-supply situation creates a trading and investment opportunity. Indian oilseeds are also influenced by global market sentiments. While all the oilseeds trade independently, as they are used in same food applications, they end up competing in the market with each other.
Commodity bourses
Oilseeds are usually crushed to extract oil and meal. They are traded on the physical market and also on the futures markets. The physical market mainly comprises plants which procure oilseeds to crush, whereas the futures market consists of number of players as per their needs. Oilseeds are actively traded in a number of commodity exchanges. These exchanges play an important part as they safeguard the interest of farmers, stockists, exporters and others involved in the trading by providing a hedging platform in order to minimise risk of wide price fluctuations. These exchanges offer a complete basket of oil and oilseeds to trade and have been successful in building strong participation on account of liquidity and efficient price discovery mechanism. Electronic trading
Among the nine oilseeds produced in India, futures electronic trading is available in rapeseed, soyabean and castorseed. Soya oil and crude palm oil are also actively traded. Due to availability of electronic trading of oilseeds products, the commodity futures have seen some phenomenal growth in trading volume and interest. Oilseed trading in India has managed to make a prominent presence in the industry wherein the trading intercedes between buyers and sellers and facilitates decision related to storage and consumption thereby providing the much-needed liquidity and providing the investors to capitalise on opportunities. The trading market usually has various participants like hedgers, speculators and arbitrageurs. Hedgers play an important role in oilseeds trading as they are the participants who have the underlying risk of a commodity as they produce, consume or import and export. Hence oilseeds trading is an essential tool for traders and exporters, in order to protect themselves against price fluctuations.
The writer is Research Analyst, Geojit Comtrade Ltd. Views are personal.
(This article was published on September 1, 2014)

DoT to seek regulators views on pricing 3G  4G spectrumDoT to seek regulator’s views on pricing 3G, 4G spectrum
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, September 1:  
The Department of Telecom will ask telecom regulator to give its recommendations for pricing 3G and 4G spectrum to include it in the next round of auction in February next year.
The DoT wants to sell at least 5 MHz spectrum in the 3G band and between 20 MHz and 40 MHz in the 4G band. The move is aimed at generating additional revenue for the Government.
As of now, the DoT is clear about selling spectrum in the 1800 MHz and the 900 MHz bands. However, the Finance Ministry wants spectrum in the 2100 MHz , 2300 MHz and 2500 MHz bands also. While 2300 MHz and 2500 MHz bands are used for 4G services, the 2100 Mhz is used for 3G.
But the problem is that the Defence forces are yet to vacate spectrum in the 3G band. They want DoT to fulfil all the commitments made in an agreement signed in 2009, including rolling out a dedicated optical fibre network. Though the 4G spectrum is available to be sold, it may not attract too many bidders owing to its poor propagation properties. Most of the operators which bought spectrum in this band in 2010 are struggling to launch services. On the other hand, 3G spectrum band is much sought after especially because none of the existing players have pan-India 3G footprint.
Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram has asked the DoT to quickly resolve all outstanding issues with the Defence forces in order to get 3G spectrum vacated.
Mayaram, in a letter to the DoT, said the Defence Ministry has indicated it was willing to give up 15 MHz of spectrum in the 2100 MHz band if the DoT fulfils its commitment under a 2009 agreement.
The Finance Ministry is keen to get this spectrum so that it can be sold in the next auction round, scheduled for February.
(This article was published on September 1, 2014)

Japan pledges $35 bn for Indian infrastructure over Narendra Modi s  ambitious  visionStocks hit 52-week high as Sensex reach historic peak
With the BSE benchmark index Sensex surging to a historic peak of 26,900.30...
Companies
Sep 01, 2014
Nike applies for 100 pct FDI in single brand retail, wants to open its own stores in India
Sportswear firm Nike has applied for permission to open company-owned stores...

Les Troyens  Festival Theatre  Edinburgh International FestivalAugust 31, 2014 9:11 pm
Les Troyens, Festival Theatre, Edinburgh International Festival – review
By Martin Hoyle
The production for the Mariinsky Opera lacks cohesion, but the orchestral playing is magnificent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/294c9f3c-2f67-11e4-83e4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Meet ABC s New Evening News AnchorPrevious Story
Next Story
David Muir Wants To Get Away From The 'World News' Anchor Desk As Much As Possible
 | By                                                                DAVID BAUDER
Updated:
2 hours ago
NEW YORK, NY - AUGUST 15:  David Muir hosts ABC's 'Good Morning America' at Rumsey Playfield, Central Park on August 15, 2014 in New York City.  (Photo by D Dipasupil/FilmMagic) | D Dipasupil via Getty Images
reddit
NEW YORK (AP) — Among the stories David Muir will introduce during his first week as ABC's "World News" anchor is one he reported about a generation of Syrian refugees missing out on an education.
Besides detailing a hidden aspect of the civil war, the story serves a dual purpose: to signal viewers — and his bosses — that Muir wants to get out of the office for work as much as he can.
"A huge part of this for me was a promise that I was not going to be tethered to the anchor desk," said Muir, who officially replaces Diane Sawyer Monday night.
Muir, 40, joins NBC "Nightly News" anchor Brian Williams and Scott Pelley of the "CBS Evening News" at one of the three jobs generally considered the pinnacle of American broadcast news. Muir is also a generation younger than the 55-year-old Williams and Pelley, 57.
Already a familiar face as "World News" weekend anchor and Sawyer's sub on weeknights, Muir has groomed himself for the job since he was a child.
As a latchkey child of divorced parents growing up near Syracuse, N.Y., Muir took comfort from the news "family" that appeared on his television each evening. He watched ABC's Peter Jennings, trying to guess who would be named "person of the week." At age 12, he wrote to Syracuse anchorman Ron Curtis for advice on how to get in the business and had an internship at WTVH-TV by the next summer.
Muir became so familiar that the newsroom had a spot on the wall to mark how much he'd grown each year. When he was still at nearby Ithaca College, WTVH hired Muir to anchor the weekend news.
After five years at WTVH, he moved on to Boston and, in 2003, came to ABC News. Hurricane Katrina was one of the first places his work attracted attention.
"All of the elements of being a news anchor he does superbly," said David Westin, the ABC News president who hired Muir. He shows versatility in reporting, interviewing and working in the studio, he said.
Network anchors traveling to stories used to be more commonplace, and when Westin appointed Bob Woodruff and Elizabeth Vargas to replace Jennings a decade ago, it was on the theory that at least one would be on the road regularly. It has become less frequent, in part due to costs. Muir considers the reporting an important part of his identity and, he believes, what viewers expect of him.
"The evening news is evolving rapidly, and I think we have to be extraordinarily nimble," he said.
The dinnertime newscasts have been shadowed by predictions of their demise for about as long as Muir has been working. But each has seen its viewership increase over the past year. Muir, who frequently tweets during commercial breaks, said the programs' abilities to sum up the day's most important stories is valuable at a time people are bombarded with information.
Andrew Tyndall, a consultant who monitors the content of evening newscasts, said "World News" tends to be faster-paced with a higher story count when Muir is anchor. Muir resists the notion that he packs the broadcast with more material, but said he wants to keep some things short so more important stories have room to breathe.
Muir will start "World News" with a new executive producer, Almin Karamehmedovic, who he said shares "a thirst to travel the world."
It's difficult to judge at the start where a new anchor will take a broadcast. Westin likened it to a president appointing a new Supreme Court justice — the person may not turn out as liberal or conservative as was initially thought.
Tyndall's name is mud at ABC because of a report last winter criticizing the "Disneyfication" of "World News," specifically a greater emphasis on consumer and entertainment news at the expense of global concerns.
"When I see reports like that or words like that, I think of the moment when I'm standing in Tahrir Square with a producer and photographer and Mubarak's men come charging in on their horses with their whips," Muir said. "Or when we were in Mogadishu and were fired upon by forces linked to Al Qaida."
He added, "I'd be very hard-pressed to tell them that what we're doing out there is 'soft.'"
Muir's role will be slightly different than that of his predecessor; ABC said. George Stephanopoulos will be the network's main anchor on breaking news reports. Muir said that's fine, and it ties in to his desire not to always be deskbound.
He recently unearthed the letter that the Syracuse anchorman sent back to the advice-seeking 12-year-old, which today sounds prescient.
"Competition in television news is keen," Curtis wrote. "There's always room for the right person. It could be you."
____
David Bauder can be reached at dbauder@ap.org or on Twitter@dbauder. His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/david-bauder.
More:

European investors look past Ukraine  focus on ECBEuropean investors look past Ukraine  focus on ECB
Dr Reddy s: Concerns fail to deter investorsUjjval Jauhari & Ram Prasad Sahu |  New Delhi/Mumbai Sep 01, 2014
Last Updated at 09:34 PM IST
Dr Reddy's: Concerns fail to deter investors
Street not perturbed over rising competition for products in US, as overall pipeline remains strong
Dr Reddy’s Laboratories scrip continues to gain on the back of growth momentum in its US generics business. It scaled to an all-time high of Rs 2,974.95 a share on Monday despite the news of a competitor (InnoPharma) receiving approval for generic launch of blood dysfunction treatment drug Decitabine. The product is the single-largest contributor for Dr Reddy’s, having clocked sales of $77 million (Rs 462 crore) in FY14.
Hitesh Mahida at Antique Broking says the drug, with a market size of $300 million, is expected to contribute five per cent to the company’s earnings in FY15. While the product approval makes it a three-player market, InnoPharma and its marketing partner, Sandoz, are the real threat for Dr Reddy’s, given that Sun Pharma’s (third player) product is not the exact generic substitute. While the market had anticipated some competition, larger-than-expected marketshare gains for the new players can entail a revision in analysts’ earnings estimates for Dr Reddy’s.
The US Food and Drug Administration accepting drug applications from Natco and Momenta Pharma for launch of multiple sclerosis drug Copaxone (market size $411 million) is another concern. Dr Reddy’s was the sole first-to-filer with a 180-day marketing exclusivity. However, if either or both the companies also get first-to-file status as they are claiming now, upsides from the drug for Dr Reddy’s will be capped.
Analysts are positive on the company’s growth prospects, given strong drivers from the US pipeline and continued momentum from India and Russia.
Although Decitabine generics coming under competition may have some impact, the same can be mitigated by other products that are growing well, both in terms of volumes and market share. The 6K Filings released by the company for June 2014 quarter show generics of Vidaza (cancer treatment injectible contributing nine per cent to US revenue) growing 41 per cent sequentially. Vidaza is not far behind Decitabine (12 per cent contribution). The three key injectibles — Reclast/Zometa (for treating Osteoporosis), Dacogen (Decitabine) and Vidaza - contributed 26 per cent to Dr Reddy’s US revenue.
JPMorgan analysts say while the US business will see high base for the next two quarters, continued momentum in injectibles and market share gains in select products would support growth trends. Dr Reddy’s is their top pharma pick because of its focus on execution of its complex generic strategy in the US, investments in R&D for future growth and bio-similar opportunity in Russia in the medium term.
While analysts are expecting Dr Reddy's profit growth to double to 20 per cent in FY16 (from estimated 10 per cent in FY15), the average target price of 20 analysts (18 buy/accumulate and two having hold rating) polled by Bloomberg since August stands at Rs 3,256.
 Advertisements

