Bazaar Open ExchangeAmid talks of a new telecom super regulato that could replace the existing Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI), former TRAI chairman Khullar discussed the merits and demerits of such  a proposal....
Source : CNBC-TV18
Share this video with Friends
Most Watched Videos

NSE Nifty closes above 7 900-mark for first time; Infosys  Wipro major gainersNSE Nifty closes above 7 900-mark for first time; Infosys  Wipro major gainers
NSE Nifty  BSE Sensex hit new life-time highs; ICICI Bank  SBI major gainersNSE Nifty  BSE Sensex hit new life-time highs; ICICI Bank  SBI major gainers
Cipla zooms 9% on launch of anti-asthma inhaler in Germany  SwedenSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 02, 2014
Last Updated at 09:30 AM IST
Cipla zooms 9% on launch of anti-asthma inhaler in Germany, Sweden
The pharmaceutical firm launched an anti-asthma inhaler in Germany and Sweden that is a generic version of GlaxoSmithKline Plc's Advair.
Cipla has rallied nearly 9% to Rs 575, also its record high on National Stock Exchange (NSE), after the pharmaceutical firm launched an anti-asthma inhaler in Germany and Sweden that is a generic version of GlaxoSmithKline Plc's Advair.
“In Germany the new product is distributed under the name “Serroflo”, whereas in Sweden the combination is launched as “Salmeterol/Fluticasone Cipla”, Cipla said in a statement.
“Over the next 12-18 months we will see a series of launches throughout Europe as we know that there is a common need for high quality, affordable, reliable and thus sustainable therapy-alternatives – and this is what Cipla stands  for” said Mr. Subhanu Saxena, Managing Director and Global CEO of Cipla.
The stock opened at Rs 534 and touched a low of Rs 534 in early morning deals on NSE. The counter has seen huge trading volume with a combined 1.93 million shares changed hands in first 15 minutes of trade on NSE and BSE.
 

Sensex  Nifty on record-breaking spreestock exchanges
Continuing their record-setting streak, markets on Tuesday hit new highs with the BSE Sensex scaling another peak of 26,949.08 and the NSE Nifty soaring to 8,047.80 in opening trade on sustained capital inflows buoyed by positive economic data.
The benchmark BSE Sensex climbed 81.53 points, or 0.30 per cent, to trade at a new high of 26,949.08, breaking its previous record of 26,900.30 reached on Monday. The benchmark index had gained 553.44 points in the previous seven sessions.
On similar lines, Nifty gathered another 20.95 points, or 0.25 per cent, to hit new record of 8,048.65, surpassing its previous intra-day high of 8,035.
Brokers said sentiment remained upbeat on sustained capital inflows, driven by positive economic data with the GDP growth improving to two-and-a-half year high of 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter and CAD narrowed sharply to 1.7 per cent of GDP.
The market also got a boost after Japan announced doubling of its private and public investment in India to about USD 34 billion over the next five years, they said.
Stocks of auto companies continued their rising streak on the back of healthy growth in domestic car sales in August.
Shares of the country’s largest car-maker Maruti Suzuki rose 0.70 per cent, while HeroMoto Corp moved up 1.64 per cent.

Bharti Airtel hits 30-month highSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 02, 2014
Last Updated at 10:02 AM IST
Bharti Airtel hits 30-month high
The stock rallied nearly 6% to Rs 392 from Rs 370 in past two trading sessions on National Stock Exchange.
Bharti Airtel has moved higher by 4% to Rs 392, extending its previous day’s nearly 2% gain on NSE, after the company said it's arm signed an agreement to acquire over 2.7 million subscribers of yuMobile. The stock is trading at its highest level since February 2012.
“Airtel Networks Kenya Limited (Airtel Kenya), a wholly owned subsidiary of Bharti Airtel International Netherlands BV has signed a definitive agreement with Essar Telecommunications Kenya Limited, which operates under the brand name yuMobile to acquire its over 2.7 million subscribers,” Bharti Airtel said in a statement.
This transaction is subject to approval from Competition Authority of Kenya (CAK) and is likely to be concluded by fourth quarter of 2014. This will make Airtel Kenya a stronger No 2 player in the country. It currently has about 5 million subscribers in Kenya.
The stock opened at Rs 379 and touched a low of Rs 376 on NSE. A combined 1.69 million shares changed hands on the counter so far on NSE and BSE.
 

Amit Shah asks BJP workers to wipe out Congress from KeralaAmit Shah asks BJP workers to wipe out Congress from Kerala
Vinson Kurian
BJP President Amit Shah
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 2:  
BJP President Amit Shah has exhorted party men in Kerala to work towards wiping out Congress from the State in line with Narendra Modi’s larger message for the country.
Only this can rid the country of Congress and its vote bank politics once and for all, he told a well-attended public meeting in Thiruvananthapuram during his first visit to the State.
FIGHTING FIT
There is a need for the party to strengthen here just as it is in Assam, West Bengal, Odisha and Telanagana, Shah said to the enthusiastic crowd.
He also vowed to shape up the party to fighting-fit in all States, including Kerala, during his stewardship.
He wanted Kerala to produce winning candidates in the next Lok Sabha elections who would form the bulwark of the party and the Government at the Centre.
The winning streak should be set up right from here, he said in reference to the party’s creditable performance in the last polls where it led in many city corporation wards.
ACTION PLAN
Shah also declared that the party would not anymore contest just for the sake of doing it; it will fight it out to register a clear and resounding win.
He expressed confidence that the party would be able to successfully contest all coming elections, starting from those to the local self-government bodies.
“We already have an action plan in the making,” Shah said. He wanted the party cadres to intensify the current process of distribution of memberships.
From November 1, the Kerala formation day, the cadres must launch a door-to-door campaign to publicise the Modi Government’s governance agenda and achievements.
SHOCK AND CONCERN
Expressing shock and deep concern over the murder of an RSS functionary at Kathiroor in Thalassery, he said the party would take on rivals at both the ideological and legal planes.
He also criticised the Congress and Left Governments in the State which have outdid each other in setting the clock back on the State’s growth potential.
Also, one has rivalled the other in playing vote bank politics to the hilt. The result is for all to see – creaking infrastructure, bleeding economy, and surge in corruption.
Party sources said Shah did not entertain any request by a rival faction seeking removal of V Muraleedharan, President of the State unit.
But he issued a stern warning for the State unit at large to close ranks and work for victory in the forthcoming polls to the local bodies and later the Assembly.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

Lenders eye levy for banks in distressSeptember 1, 2014 5:11 pm
Lenders look at levy to support banks in distress
By Tom Braithwaite
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fed26fc6-31d6-11e4-a19b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Vikas GlobalOne surges 19% on bonus issue planSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 02, 2014
Last Updated at 11:57 AM IST
Vikas GlobalOne surges 19% on bonus issue plan
The board will meet on September 17, to consider issue bonus shares to the equity shareholders of the company.
Vikas GlobalOne has surged 19% to Rs 36.15 on National Stock Exchange (NSE), after the company announced that the board is considering issue of bonus shares to existing shareholders.
“The board of directors of the company will meet on September 17, 2014, to consider the issue bonus shares to the equity shareholders of the company subject to the approval of the members in the extra ordinary general meeting,” Vikas GlobalOne said in a statement.
The board will also take note of new business projects which is under commissioning and development stage, it added.
Vikas GlobalOne is engaged in the business of manufacturing and distribution of specialty polymers compounds and niche range of specialty additives.
The stock opened at Rs 30.80 and touched a high of Rs 36.30 on NSE. A combined 1.69 million shares changed hands on the counter till noon deals on NSE and BSE.
 Advertisements

Realty stocks set to gain on economic recoveryStory
Coming full circle
Real estate stocks seem set to recover as the sector tries to come out of the slowdown
Rahul Oberoi      Follow @iamrahuloberoi    Edition: September 2014
Coming full circle
The fortunes of the real estate industry seem to be turning for the better. There are many reasons for this. One, hope of political stability has improved investor/business confidence. Two, the Union budget has given a push to real estate investment trusts, or REITs, and increased tax benefits on housing loans. REITs work like mutual funds. They pool in money from a number of small investors and invest in real estate.
This is amply reflected in prices of real estate stocks. This financial year, till August 4, the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Realty index had risen 30% to 1,893. It was at 1,456 on April 1. The BSE Sensex rose 14% during the period.
Some stocks such as Vipul rose 330% to Rs 21.90, followed by Simplex Projects (280% to Rs 60.25), Welspun Projects (199% to Rs 32), National Building Construction Corporation (186% to Rs 452.55) and Brigade Enterprises (128% to Rs 138.70).
Out of 105 real estate stocks that trade on the BSE, only 12 have fallen during the period. These include Patidar Buildcon (down 84% to Rs 26), Regaliaa Realty (53% to Rs 6.52), Ritesh Properties & Industries (25% to Rs 9.39) and Lok Housing & Construction (8% to Rs 13.60).
"The demand for real estate has risen in the last two months. The demand for housing loans is also up. The fact that this happened in May and June, the traditionally sluggish months, indicates that the industry is poised to see good times," says VK Vijayakumar, investment strategist, Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services.
According to the Reserve Bank of India, the amount of housing loans, including for priority sector housing, rose 3.20% from Rs 5,45,100 crore in April 2014 to Rs 5,63,100 crore in June 2014.
STORY SO FAR
The real estate sector has been facing a slowdown since the end of 2009. The BSE Realty index has fallen over 57% from November 2009 to April this year. One big reason for this is high inflation, which has precluded the possibility of cut in interest rates. Lower interest rates increase demand for houses by encouraging people to take home loans. They also lower builders' borrowing cost.
Karandev Singh Kamra, senior equity research analyst, WealthRays Securities, says, "Demand for office space was poor in the last few quarters due to weak economic environment. Also, high inventory levels capped rentals. These factors lowered investor confidence."
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS
A lot of positives have emerged for the sector with the new government coming to power. Other than giving incentives to REITs , the government has decided to build 100 smart cities. For this, it has allocated Rs 7,600 crore in the Union Budget. The government has already started the groundworkfor building these cities. According to reports, it has started holding meetings with various stakeholders in this regard. Besides, the Budget has allocated Rs 12,000 crore to the National Housing Board, which regulates housing finance companies, of which Rs 4,000 crore will be for affordable housing.
"The Budget will be beneficial for developers by providing funds and lowering their borrowing cost," says Kamra.
The tax pass-through status to REITS will help investors avoid double taxation. Tax pass-through means that gains from REIT investments will be taxed in the hands of investors. "Also, lower inflation numbers have increased expectations of a rate cut in the next six-nine months, maybe even earlier, which will augur well for the sector. Extra tax benefits for borrowers is positive from the demand perspective," says Kamra.
30% is the rise in the Bombay Stock Exchange Realty Index in the ongoing Financial Year till August 4
THINGS TO WATCH
Factors one must check while investing in a real estate company are its sales volume and balance-sheet strength vis-Ã -vis operations. Most developers give details of operations on their websites. Consistency in sales, project execution and cash flow generation are the key to evaluating a real estate company.
Aashiesh Agarwaal, vice president, wholesale capital markets, Edelweiss Financial Services, says, "Another useful metric is the net debt-to-EBITDA (operating profit) multiple. Investors can use it to understand the strength of operations compared to the balance sheet. However, investors must keep in mind that real estate accounting is unique and reported EBITDA may not be the most accurate representation of current operations. Finally, most real estate stocks are a play on underlying asset values and, hence, it is important that you buy them at a good discount to their fair value." EBITDA stands for earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation.
Sandeep Raina, senior research analyst, Edelweiss Finance, says, "I look at management quality, balance sheet, cash flow and ability of sell, deliver and execute."
VK Vijayakumar of Geojit BNP says one has to be selective and buy shares of companies that have a proven record, good execution skills and low debt. Land bank, debt, project pipeline and execution skills are the key factors, he says.
HURDLES TO CROSS
The demand for real estate, residential as well as commercial, usually moves in tandem with economic growth. That is why economic slowdown over the past couple of years has hit demand badly. But with new projects being launched unabated, unsold inventory is piling up.
Kamra of WealthRays Securities says, "Poor sales and inventory build-up have created a cash crunch for developers. Banks have become cautious about lending to the sector. This means small developers have to access funds from non-banking finance companies and private equity players at a high cost, sometimes as much as 30%. Even big developers such as DLF have sold land to cut debt."
With inflation not coming down as expected, interest rates have been increased, putting a burden on developers as well as home buyers. This has accentuated the problem of poor demand and high cost. Inflation and Realty index are inversely correlated. Edelweiss estimates 75 basis points cut in interest rates between now and the end of 2015-16. According to the research house, 100 basis points dip in interest rates will boost affordability by 7%, leading to more transactions.
Parikshit Kandpal, research analyst, real estate, Karvy Stock Broking, says some major issues in the sector are late approvals, shortage of good developers, high prices, opaqueness in client dealing, execution delays and bureaucratic hurdles.
Valuation
The BSE Realty index is the only index that has not recovered from the lows touched during the 2008 crisis. The index, which touched 2,270 on June 9 this year, after rising from below 1,250 in March, is now back around 1,900. It touched a high of 13,647.15 on 14 January 2008 and fell to 1,303 on 9 March 2009. Some individual real estate stocks have completely wiped off investor wealth during the period.
"Despite the recent spurt in prices, valuations of real estate stocks are attractive. One can look at buying at present valuations," says Raina of Edelweiss. On August 4, shares of Anant Raj, Godrej Properties, HDIL, Mahindra Lifespace Developers, Omaxe, Phoenix Mills and Sobha Developers were trading at price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of 20.72, 36.20, 13.75, 10.66, 39.43, 33.41 and 20.77, respectively. The industry P/E was 30.78 that day. P/E ratio is a valuation measure that shows how much the market is willing to pay for a stock vis a vis the company's earnings per share.
ROAD AHEAD
The real estate sector is now in a much better position to ride the economic recovery. Leading developers are sharpening focus on execution (have hired specialised third-party contractors, adopted modern technology), while cutting debt by selling assets and focusing on operating cash flow.
According to an Edelweiss report released in May, over the past four-six quarters, developers have focused relentlessly on debt reduction, largely through asset monetisation. For instance, DLF has sold Rs 7,100 crore worth of assets, while Jaypee Infratech has sold land parcels for Rs 1,600 crore. Purvanakara and Brigade have raised Rs 330 crore and Rs 180 crore, respectively, through this route. Mahindra Lifespace has sold a plot of land for Rs 320 crore and Godrej Properties has raised a total of Rs 700 crore. The sector's debt-equity ratio is now a manageable 0.7.
In the year ended March 2014, sales of companies in the BSE Realty index rose 10.82%. The overall net profit declined 5.15%. Net sales of Phoenix Mills jumped the most by 208% to Rs 1,449 crore. It was followed by Indiabulls Real Estate (33.93% to Rs 1,727 crore) and Prestige Estates Projects (29.13% to Rs 2492 crore). Net profits of DB Realty, HDIL and Phoenix Mills surged 274.96% to Rs 17.88 crore, 141.53% to Rs 177.69 crore and 126.8% to Rs 184.44 crore, respectively, in 2013-14.
"We expect 20-25% growth in revenue and net profit in this financial year," says, Raina.
STOCKS YOU CAN BET ON
Oberoi Realty: This low-debt company has an edge over others. Its consolidated debt-to-equity ratio stood at 0.02% on March 31. Oberoi Realty has finalised Ritz Carlton as Worli Hotel operator and plans to launch the Worli project, as expected in the first half of 2014-15. It is planning to launch Mulund (3.5 million square feet or msf) and Borivali (3.5 msf) projects in the second half of the financial year. The ticket size for Borivali will be Rs 2 crore per unit. For Mulund, it will be Rs 3 crore per unit.
Kandpal of Karvy Stock Broking says, "Our channel checks with local brokers suggest strong buying interest. These launches shall provide the much-needed visibility on pre-sales. The success of the launch will be a key trigger for re-rating of the stock."
The other key positives for the company are huge land bank, good brand recall and easier access to finance.
"We expect Oberoi Realty to capture market shareoutside its home location and deliver above industry average growth. We value its residential real estate at Rs 161 per share, commercial annuity assets at Rs 111 per share and others at Rs 24 per share. We believe that the near-term catalysts are: (i) Mulund & Worli launch; (ii) success of foray outside Mumbai & (iii) new land acquisition. The stock can touch Rs 296 in the next 12 months," says, Kandpal. On August 4, it was at Rs 252.15.
Sobha Developers:The company has proven competence in execution. It has a strong balance sheet and decent land bank in high-growth locations. It has also succeeded in reducing its debt. As on March 2014, its debt-to-equity ratio was 0.61 as against 1.78 in March 2009.
Most real estate stocks are a play on underlying asset values and, hence, it is important that you buy them at a good discount to their fair value, says Aashiesh agarwaal, Vice President, Wholesale Capital Markets at Edelweiss Financial Services
Vijayakumar of Geojit BNP Paribas says, "Even though the stock has run up quite a bit, long-term investors can expect 25% annual return over the next two years. It is quoting at 12 times 2015-16 earnings."
Raina of Edelweiss is also bullish on the stock. "We see a 50% upside over the next two years." On August 4, the stock was at Rs 437.45.
Kolte Patil: The company expects to get approvals for 28.3 msf over 2014-15. This lends visibility to 2014-15 to 2016-17 pre-sales guidance of 12 msf at an average realisation of Rs 6,000 per square feet. The icing on the cake is that the launches are from its existing land inventory. The company does not plan to acquire new land in 2014-15.
Kolte Patil has said that the Sanjivani Township, Urse (near Pune), has got 'locational clearance' for Phase 1, which is a major milestone. The environmental clearance is expected in the July-September quarter. "We are bullish on Kolte Patil. It seems it the stock can touch Rs 245 in the next 24 months," says Kandpal. On August 4, it was at Rs 152.85.
Prestige Estates: Prestige reported good results in 2013-14, a difficult year. Top line and bottom line grew 30% and 10%, respectively. This year is expected to be better. The company has launched its flagship project, Falcon City (4.6 msf), and generated sales of Rs 980 crore. This accounted for 75% of pre-sales in April-June 2014 of 2.1 msf (Rs 1,300 crore) v/s 0.99 msf (Rs 600 crore) in January-March 2014. With this, it met its 30% of 2014-15 pre-sales guidance in the first quarter itself. The management has hinted at continuation of demand strength in the second quarter of 2014-15, along with launch of four-five projects (total launch guidance of 14-16 msf) in Bangalore and Hyderabad.
0.7% is the current debt-toequity ratio of real estate companies, which experts say is quite manageable
Even though the stock has doubled from its recent lows, it is attractively priced at 20 times trailing earningsVijayakumar says, "Since it will be reasonable to expect 30 % earnings growth this year, a 25% upside can be expected in the stock in one year."
One has to be selective and buy shares of companies with proven record, good execution skills and low debt, says VK Vijayakumar, Investment Strategist, Geojit BNP Financial Services
Indiabulls Real Estate: The stock tested Rs 110 in June and is now in the Rs 75-80 range. Karma of WealthRays Securities says, "One can take positions in Indiabulls Real Estate with a target of 15-20% price appreciation. The price correction makes it attractive with the REIT option raising the possibility of lowering of financing costs, which have greatly impacted its performance. The company has also turned its eye abroad by buying a property in Central London."

Meet the rumoured contestants of  Bigg Boss 8Prev Next
With Salman posing as the pilot, it was clear that the theme of the show this season is going to be aircrafts. Though the makers of the show haven’t confirmed if the show would be shot abroad. In the first teaser Salman was seen getting dressed like a pilot and in the second, he was flying a paper plane So it seems as if the actor is indeed the captain of the plane and the yet to be announced inmates will be the passengers on board the flying ... more 
With Salman posing as the pilot, it was clear that the theme of the show this season is going to be aircrafts. Though the makers of the show haven’t confirmed if the show would be shot abroad. In the first teaser Salman was seen getting dressed like a pilot and in the second, he was flying a paper plane So it seems as if the actor is indeed the captain of the plane and the yet to be announced inmates will be the passengers on board the flying vehicle. All Bigg Boss fans are eagerly waiting for the Season 8 contestants. The celebs are chosen for the controversial show is perfect to make your one hour engrossing as well as you have the charm of the host also. less 
Recommend

No nuke deal yet  but Japan offers Modi bullet trainsNo nuke deal yet, but Japan offers Modi bullet trains
Sitaraman Shankar , Hindustan Times  Tokyo, September 01, 2014
First Published: 09:43 IST(1/9/2014) | Last Updated: 19:56 IST(1/9/2014)
Comments
On Day 3 of prime minister Narendra Modi's visit to Japan there was no breakthrough on the civil nuclear or defence deals, but India received promises of huge investments in other sectors.
Japanese PM Shinzo Abe promised 3.5 trillion yen of public and private investment over the next five years under the India-Japan Investment Promotion Partnership. This would mean that Japan would double its investment and number of companies in India during this period.
Abe also offered Japanese bullet train technology with financing and operational support, for which Modi thanked him. The feasibility study for the Mumbai-Ahmedabad route is still on.
Japan also promised to remove six of India’s space and defence-related entities from Japan's Foreign End User List.
Earlier Modi delighted his Japanese hosts with an apparent swipe at China.
Modi, addressing Japanese industrialists, said that expansionism would never lead to progress in the modern world, and referred to encroachment and capture of others' territory, a possible allusion to China's claim on the Japanese-controlled Senkaku islands.
Japan's relations with China, never cordial, have steadily worsened under PM Shinzo Abe, and the Japanese are trying to build ties with India to counter their traditional rivals.
'Chai pe charcha' in Tokyo: Prime Minister's Narendra Modi bonds with his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe over traditional Japanese tea ceremony. (AFP Photo)
"If you look all around you, we see the expansionism of the 18th century," Modi said. "In the 21st century, if Asia is to lead the world, India and Japan should together raise the prestige of the path of development."
Modi also promised to set up a special management  team for facilitating business with Japan directly under the Prime Minister's Office, even offering to include two nominees of Japanese business.

Finance Minister Arun Jaitley undergoes surgeryFinance Minister Arun Jaitley undergoes surgery
PTI/Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 2:  
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today underwent a planned elective laparoscopic procedure for diabetes management at a hospital here.
The procedure was carried out in a private hospital, a release issued by the BJP stated.
61-year-old Jaitley was admitted to the hospital yesterday and had undertaken some tests ahead of the surgery. His condition is stated to be fine. Jaitley has been a diabetic for a few years.
Jaitley's health condition had recently come under scanner when he had to-- owing to some physical strain--read a part of his maiden budget speech sitting down in the Lok Sabha.
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

The art of deep listening: Steps to personal masterySanthosh Babu      Follow @hypnobaba    Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 12:09 IST
Listen deeply and compassionately with a quite mind and open heart
"Hewas taught by the river. Incessantly, he learned from it. Most of all, he learned from it to listen, to pay close attention with a quiet heart, with a waiting, opened soul, without passion, without a wish, without judgment, without an opinion," wrote Hermann Hesse, the German novelist, in his book Siddhartha. Yes, when we pay close attention without judgment, with a quite heart and open soul, we learn. A deeper level of listening to self and others is essential for personal mastery.
All of us know that, at the end of the day, organisational transformation does not happen without individuals transforming themselves and evolving into a higher level of awareness. We hear the word mindset change in organisations and also hear a curious question weather mindsets can be changed. Organisations need to adapt and transform in an ever changing and dynamic world and this is true for individuals also. The world around us is changing fast and each one of us needs to work on ourselves constantly and bring about personal transformation. This means we have to demonstrate personal mastery and continuously strive to make us the better version of us.
Peter Senge, author of the book Fifth Discipline, said that "personal mastery is the discipline of continually clarifying and deepening our personal vision, of focusing our energies, of developing patience, and of seeing reality objectively." Personal mastery, in other words, is the continuous learning by the individual to lead his or her life and work with intent, purpose, skill and craft. According to Senge, each of us must be responsible for, and in charge of, our own pursuit of personal mastery. In the organisational context, personal mastery is a conscious effort by individuals for continuous improvement contributing to high performance and intended results.
If you are interested in personal mastery and would like to make you a better version of yourself, feel happy and peaceful about who you are and what you do. Your starting point is to reflect on the way you listen. Listening is not about waiting for your chance to speak. Can you listen from a deep, receptive, and caring place in yourself, to deeper and often subtler levels of meaning and intention in the other person?
Jiddu Krishnamurti, the philoshopher, wrote about deep listening in a beautiful way. "I do not know if you have ever examined how you listen, it doesn't matter to what, whether to a bird, to the wind in the leaves, to the rushing waters or how you listen in a dialogue with yourself to your conversation in various relationships with your intimate friends your wife or husband. If we try to listen we find it extraordinarily difficult, because we are always projecting our opinions and ideas, our prejudices, our background, our inclinations, our impulses; when they dominate, we hardly listen at all to what is being said. In that state there is no value at all. One listens, and therefore learns, only in a state of attention, a state of silence in which this whole background is in abeyance, is quiet; and then it seems to me, it is possible to communicate."  
And as Krishnamurti said, one of the reasons why we find it difficult to listen deeply is because our pre-conceived notions, ideas and thoughts dominate our minds while we are having a conversation with another human being. In other words, we are always, already and automatically listening with all our mental filters and mental models. Werner Erhard, who created the large group awareness trainings EST and Landmark Education Forum, talked about the 'Already Always' listening mind in his trainings and how that stops us from fully being present.
Pause for a moment and reflect how the voices inside you stop you from fully and deeply listening. Are you able to read this article with a quite and open mind? Or your own idea about what listening is and opinions about what you are reading now, creating a filter?
Deep Listening is a way of hearing in which we are fully present with what is happening in the moment without trying to control it or judge it. We let go of our inner chatter and our usual assumptions and listen with respect for precisely what is being said, the intent and the space between the words.
WHAT STOPS US FROM BEING FULLY PRESENT AND LISTENING?
Some of us find it difficult to differentiate our needs from others' needs. We hear something and our mind immediately asks, how does this affect me? What should I say next to express my needs? We sometimes jump into conclusions about what others are saying. If we pay close attention we could realise that when we speak many a time we are "downloading" our pre-conceived notions and pre-formed opinions. Or we get into a debate mode, without understanding the real intentions behind others' communication. So we can see that a major obstacle to listening is a common tendency to filter and judge others' talk based on pre-existing assumptions, expectations and intentions.
THE BEAUTY AND BENEFITS OF DEEP LISTENING
Carl Rogers, the American psychotherapist whose work has deeply influenced me, believed that there is a built-in motivation present in every life form to develop its potentials to the fullest extent possible. Rogers believes that all creatures strive to make the very best of their existence. If they fail to do so, it is not for a lack of desire. He spoke about unconditional positive regard for the other person and emphasised the importance of deep listening. "When someone really hears you without passing judgment on you, without trying to take responsibility for you, without trying to mold you, it feels damn good. When I have been listened to and when I have been heard, I am able to re-perceive my world in a new way and to go on. It is astonishing how elements which seem insoluble become soluble when someone listens. How confusions which seem irremediable turn into relatively clear flowing streams when one is heard," he said about the power of listening.
Imagine having deeply connected meaningful conversations that transform your awareness and deepen your understanding of the other person. Imagine being fully understood and appreciated by other people and imagine being able to create a safe space for meaningful dialogue when you are with someone. Imagine how your meetings will change when the members are able to listen to each other in an empathetic and compassionate way.
HOW CAN YOU DEVELOP DEEP LISTENING SKILLS?
>> Pay attention to your way of listening.
>> Be aware of your judgments and opinions.
>> Be completely attentive in a conversation.
>> Be curious like a child.
>> Pay attention to what is said and what is unsaid.
>> Ask questions and acknowledge the other person.
>> Have a positive regard for the other person.
Remember that the opposite of talking isn't listening. The opposite of talking could be waiting for the turn to speak. Actually, the listener in you creates the speaker in the other person. So listen deeply and compassionately with a quite mind and open heart. The word "listen" contains the same letters as the word "silent".
(Santhosh Babu, a celebrity coach and speaker on leadership, facilitates organisational transformation. Buddha in the Boardroom is his weekly online column for Business Today. Bookmark and follow @BT_India and @hypnobaba to be alerted of Babu's columns.)

Airtel launches music app Wynk for Android  iOSSunny Sen      Follow @SunnySen    Last Updated: September 2, 2014  | 15:02 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Sunil Bharti Mittal-led Bharti Airtel, India's largest telecom company, has launched music application Wynk. This is the first time in two decades the company has moved out of its own network to offer a service which will be available on other telecom operators' network. The application will be available on Android and iOS platforms.
However, the instant messaging application Hike by Bharti Enterprises , promoted by the Mittal family, is also available across operators.
Wynk has a collection of 1.7 million songs in eight languages. The company earlier offered music services through Airtel Music, which started as a value-added service years ago. Wynk, like many other apps, will also allow users to share their favourite songs and playlists on social media sites like Facebook.
The advertisement-free app plans to make money from subscriptions. As the initial launch price it will be available at Rs 99 on Android, Rs 60 on iOS and Rs 29 for Airtel customers. Streaming is free of cost. Airtel hopes customers would get hooked to the service and it would earn money from data usage. Downloading a song would cost Rs 5, which also includes data charges for any regular user.
Airtel hopes combining the product with data schemes will drive growth. It also plans to use its physical distribution network to get more users. However, the company will be facing tough competition from existing services like Nokia Music and iTunes, offered by handset makers, and music apps like Gaana and Saavn.
Airtel's app comes at a time when mobile Internet is booming in the country. The announcement is just an extension of the data-oriented approach the company took a couple of years ago. India has 200 million Internet users, with about three-fourths using Internet on mobiles . India is also the fastest-growing smartphone market and has about 80 million smartphones. Airtel is hoping to capitalise on these smartphone users. In fact, the company already advertises that its network is a "smartphone network".

